!th birthday so many happy returns me!!!
"The polar front is responsible for bringing frontal systems and connected unsettled weather to the UK.
&nbsp;    This post was brought to you by the letters E-M-A-I  and L Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard has pledged his future to the Anfield club.
&nbsp;   Shrek 2  was great by the way, I thoroughly recommend it, esp the  furb  all scene &nbsp;     &nbsp;  Don't panic about the colour's I am just using them because they are there, it won't become common place.
&nbsp;  A well deserved Knighthood in a time when too many honours are given out to 'celebs' for doing nothing much in the way of anything .
'Work starts this week on the UK's tallest residential building - a 47 storey, 171m high glass tower in Manchester.
*  not the authors opinion musings on the malfunctioning....    Griff makes some very valid points during this very difficult time which has been named the Malfuncian period by historians ...... urlLink further reading   has anyone seen my keys?......I seem to have misplaced them.
A new look for  urlLink slow emotion replay .......nnnnice.
Also born on this day  urlLink Shakespeare,    urlLink Johann van Waveren Hudde,   urlLink Max Karl Ernst Ludwig Planck,   urlLink Sheila Scott Macintyre,   urlLink Georgii Nikolaevich Polozii,   urlLink Roy Orbison,   urlLink Shirley Temple,   urlLink Lee Majors   Tomorrow is my !
Anyone got a duller selection?!
Apple's have up until now been fairly safe in terms of attacks from viruses, could this be that the virus writers have been targeting Windows machines to gain the most publicity as it would effect the most machines.
Better news for  urlLink Gloucester  though as they booked their place in the Zurich Wildcard final.
Born on the 23rd April (St George's day) hence the picture of a knight.
Compact discs were sold as the durable alternative to vinyl - but anyone who opens the case of an ageing CD may be in for a nasty surprise.
Computer animated sequel Shrek 2 has broken box office records in the US, taking $11.8m (£6.7m) in one day.
Congrats to Gloucester boys Andy Gomarsall, Trevor Woodman and Phil Vickery who are all in the England side for the opening 6 nations match with Italy on Sunday.
Each user would have storage equivalent to 500,000 pages of e-mail, said Google.'
For instance, an e-mail from one friend to another discussing an upcoming concert might prompt Google to include an advertising link from a ticketing agency.'
Helen is well pleased with the photo that I chose to display on her profile!
Hoping to turn a profit from Gmail, privately held Google has programmed its computers to dissect the topics being discussed in the e-mails and then deliver text-based ads related to the subjects.
I am not sure if Michael Hanscom would agree with Mr Gates on this.
I even do the little Trackword, but only ever the quick version of the crossword as I don't watch enough soaps to get much of the main quiz right.
I have been messing around with my new Gmail account.
I may not have much time in mine, but I love reading about it.
I think this site manages to do all these things very well.
I've been thinking about the small collection of papers/magazines that I read regularly and what they may say about my place in the circle of life.
If anyone out there would like a brand new unused  gmail  account I  have one going spare.
In addition, Divisions Two and Three will be re-titled League One and League Two as part of the rebranding.
In the league of crowd-pulling Hollywood names, the only difference between Tom Cruise and Shrek is that the animated fat, green ogre does not get paid $25m (£14m) per movie.
It sounds great for all of those teams in the  fourth division  (as it once was) they are now in league two.
It's the simple ideas that are the best, they leave you thinking..
James is convinced that it breeds quietly behind the sofa.
Just read the newspapers guys...  Hx.
Just to say how much better the blog page is now  James!&nbsp; It loads up a LOT faster than previously.&nbsp; And the new pop-up  windows for the links are a huge improvement - no more going 'back' and waiting  for it to load again!
Kevin Garnett (basketball) $29.7m 7.
Labour and the Tories are so similar, and so convinced the fight is just between them - it would be nice to jerk their chains a little...  No doubt security will be increased to protect poor TB and his mates whilst 'working', and an 'enquiry' will be launched to find out what went wrong (and to spend all our cash pointlessly).
Lyric no.2    Well done to Chris who correctly named yesterday's mystery lyric as  Tunnel of Love  by Dire Straits from the album Making Movies (released 17th October 1980 on  vertigo records).
Lyric no.3......hint    Lift your hands and voices free your mind and join us you can feel it in the air Do as I say..    You must all go this  urlLink this site  now.
Maybe this one is for the part of me that wishes I'd been a real rebel in my youth, protesting, taking drugs, etc.
Maybe, this is the  urlLink answer :-) Good
Michael Schumacher $80m 3.
Microsoft..   plain bad or just misunderstood     While telling people that there was a buffer overflow in the dynamic link library which implements the abstract syntax notation used for inter-process communication might have been over the top, it is at least accurate .
Monthly, I get BBC Gardeners' World magazine.
Most people I mention it to have no idea...
Mr Hanscom lost his job with Microsoft because he took pictures of Apple G5's being delivered to it's Redmond HQ, which he then posted on his  urlLink blog  Mr Gates obviously did not think that this blog was good for   his   business!
My word, but it's grim out there.
No machine regardless of it's make is completely safe when connected to the net, all we can try to do is to make our machines as safe as possible (anti-virus, firewall etc).....and hope!
Not sure what happened so I have sent an email to Blogger support and am waiting to hear back from them!
Now does that make me independent, or does it just mean that I wish I was??
Okay, so Blogger have not been able to transfer the vast majority of my archives onto the new template!
On 8 June 2004 you will be able to see Venus passing between the sun and earth.
On the plus side it does mean that you can see the old template which will be quite nice for all you d&c old timers.
One year ago...     Well then I'm off to purchase a nice little island somewhere hot, with my  winnings from the Gold Cup as Harbour Pilot came in 3rd which resulted  in me gaining £3 a whole £1 profit!!
Or  urlLink here  if you are too lazy to scroll.
Re-sizing is one of the major issues that I have when posting to the blog as most of the pictures need to be reduced in size if you want your visitors to be able to see it without waiting hours for the image to download.
Similar projects are planned in cities across the nation; will we all be living high-rise in years to come?'
Smarty Blowing Wind April the first    Google mail provides one gigabyte of storage - many times more than existing rivals that also offer free e-mail.
The  " father of the web", who already has an OBE, went to Buckingham Palace to get his reward for "services to the global development of the internet".
The event will last about 6 hours and will be visible from most of Europe, Africa and Asia.
The influential midfielder had been strongly linked with a £30m move to Roman Abramovich's Chelsea, but will now stay at Liverpool.
The only magazine we get by subscription is The Ecologist.
This is the type of housing that caused major problems in the 60's and 70's in Britain.
This year I have done even better, I chose  urlLink Best Mate  in the sweep stake.
Tihs is bcuseae we do not raed ervey lteter by itslef but the wrod as a wlohe.
Top 10 sports earners:    1.
WARNING : Never observe the Sun with the naked eye or a telescope, camera or other optical device.
WHITE HOUSE It's another entry in the long catalog of Bushisms.
Well, yes we won the game BUT  it was agaisnt 10 men in very hot conditions we only started to play well towards the end  we are still not creating enough goal scoring chances where is Mr Owen?
Went to this game in the hope that  urlLink Mr Wilkinson  would be playing but it was not to be, he is out for the rest of the season I believe.
With more people using Apple's they could end up being a victim of their own success.
com was registered on the 13th August 1995 The domain name google.
have an outdoor grasscourt tennis championship in England in June?????
many happy returns...    One year on and still going, happy birthday dear old blog.
only 13% of internet users have websites and only  2%  have blogs  (via  urlLink Tony) Google pair make billionaire row    'The two Google founders, Sergey Brin and Larry Page, have to make do with the more modest position of 552,  urlLink with $1bn each' ,  arrhhh what a shame my heart bleeds for them, how do they make ends meet?
this is an an extract from a very good article by Bill Thompson on the  urlLink BBC technology site.
to Arsenal,  urlLink a whole season unbeaten  is something.
ummm...new Blogger templates, I am very tempted to change the look of this site using one of the new templates.
urlLink    Time for Bed  taken with Olympus c-160 urlLink    Our Garden Tim Berners-Lee, the British inventor of the world wide web, has received his knighthood from the Queen.
urlLink    another smaller one, just testing the Hello software that allows you to publish photo's quickly and easily to your blog.
urlLink (more..) Queen beat Darkness in rock poll..................shock horror!!
urlLink I have started to upload some of the many photo's that I have to the site.
urlLink Watch the first 5 minutes of Shrek2 A rare 320-year-old stolen Stradivarius cello had a narrow escape - from being converted into a CD holder.
years without rain 1931, 1976, 1977, 1993, 1995  Years when play extended into a third week 1919, 1922, 1925, 1927, 1930, 1963, 1972, 1973, 1982, 1988, 1989, 1991, 1992, 1996, 1997, 2000, 2001  June has never been a reliable summer month.
