"Well, everyone IS talking about it."
(ahem)  A quote that I did stumble across today...  "Being in love...It's a little like believing in God.
... and watch it with your mom.
And I once knew Courtney Love and Fred Durst.
And they got a decent writer too!
And while I don't always seem 'all there,' the gears are turning.
At any rate, I have a day off.
Because, I have a personal trainer.
Booze and boredom DO mix.
But I will buy a real copy if and when it comes out.
But there was no body ... Or maybe I'm just in denile Even though this is book 5 of 7 it really feels like a mid-point to the series.
Can't wait to get on out of here, I'm going to see Starsailor tonight.
DONE, DONE ON TO THE NEXT ONE!
Everything happened in one night.
Given my new found freedom the night hardly seemed long enough, but in hindsight it seemed to go on forever.
Haven't had one of those in the better part of a decade.
How was I to know there would be a five dollar cover?
I also learned that Black Widow venom is an untraceable poison.
I can't speak for myself today Cause the love that I know Is only good for one roll in the hay Love was never in the limelight Love couldn't last through the night Cause the that I've known Is always casting out the first stone  And if I ever live it down I might be surprised I wish you just knew it I wish you just knew it I wish you just knew your Uno   urlLink Clicky Oh, God...when did the driving force in my life become finding a decent parking spot?
I have it now and it's great.
I have lost a lot of faith recently.
I think I feel emasculated.
I tossed and turned for awhile and eventually I fell asleep...  ...Only to be awakened by my asshole neighbor mowing his lawn three hours later.
I was even debating about putting it to paper it was so damn weird.
I've got nothing against a sunny spring day, that's why John Rayban invented sunglasses.
I've yet to set a date for the impending doom but, I assure you, it's coming.
If you haven't bought it buy it.
It found this out on the way back to my car, which was parked in front of said ATM.
It's a little known fact that if all the slow-motion in the Matrix was shown at regular speed the movie is cut down from a robust 138 min.
Just saw the title of E's last post.
Just when you think you've hit bottom....  Current mood: After the fact.... Current music: EyeSpy: Semantix Boy, did my mom get pissed when I asked if she thought there would be a sequel to  "The Passion."
Like one of those "Tourette's" specials, only more swearing and twitching.
Little bit of a drag... and it only adds to my hatred of public places.
Love relationships between characters seem strange and cold, people are introduced in one scene as being important and are never seen again in the movie.
MARK CHRISTOPHER SHOW TONIGHT!!
Make your vote   urlLink  count   .
Maybe I'll take in some culture this year.
Now I know that this may seem like a dusty book on film criticism... but it ain't.
Now what do I do with it?
Now, it's a well known fact that when you're entering Ohio the sign reads: "Ohio... You've sinned in a previous life!"
Old Man Strikes Back  Amazon.
One of the best listens I've had this year.
Only had six miles on it.
Phase one consisted of me going to the art show and watching the band do their thing.
Please Lord Smegmo, deliver on us a tide of snow, ice and other nastiness that will make the powers that be send me home from work early.
Prior to that year, the new year was celebrated for eight days, beginning on March 25.
Regardless, Bob will go on many zany adventures upending cars, breathing heavy and teaching us all to love again.
So I will walk without care, beat my snare Look like a man who means business Go to all the poshest places with the familiar faces Terminate all signs of weakness  Chorus: Oh, all for the sake, all for the sake Of a foolish love  I will take my coffee black, never snack Hang with the wolves who are sheepish Flow through the veins of town, always frown Me and my mistress the princess  Chorus  So the day Noah's Ark floats down Park My eyes will be simply glazed over Or better yet I'll wear shades on sunless days And when the sun's out, I'll stay in and slumber  Chorus  cause I don't want to hold you and feel so helpless I don't want to smell you and lose my senses And smile in slow motion with eyes in love I had a weird dream last night.
So why bother to put them down in writing now?
So, after I get done with work I get to go get my books and then it's back to the cut...to see the relatives....
Still, I could not help but imagine what I would do if I had shows of the same name...  "The E. A. Henson Experiment" This one should be good because the experiment in question centers around something I read in a comic book.
Still, it could be worse...
Sweating, coughing and producing various pieces of modern art with my nose on the medium of tissue paper.
That's right, I've got may bag packed and I'm heading to the Windy City for the next four days.
The Dandy Warhols- Boys Better 11.
The Locker Room is a hive of scum and villainy, the likes of which I haven't seen since the Mos Eisley cantina in  Star Wars .
The basic premise of the above mentioned party is: Buy a keg of cheap beer and a pack of red plastic Solo cups, charge 5 bucks a head and invite everyone and their friends.
The free exchange of ideas!
The next step after this is finding a REAL job.
The review is typically long-winded and his complaints are backed up by lame praise in an attempt to cancel them out.
The website is gone but his antics will live forever in the hearts and minds of teenage girls everywhere.
Theirs is a cynacism that has been earned.
Then I realized that the sun would be up in a matter of minutes, went inside and passed out.
There are few things like an office on Saturday morning.
Think of it... vast fleets of starships powered by tabbies with buttered slices of Wonder Bread strapped to their backs.
Today I re-defined the term "lazy Sunday."
Today would have been a good day to sleep late, go to the library/book store and maybe take in a movie.
Unlike most of the other nonfoolish holidays, the history of April Fool's Day, sometimes called All Fool's Day, is not totally clear.
Updates on office life to follow...
We can picket and protest as much as we want, but no one is listening anymore.
When somebody is replaced with a 'digital double' you know.
Which is about where I came in.
Yes, I did get my mini American flag.
You can appear smarter without actually BEing smarter.
You're then assigned a section.
are becoming more and more common.
com  for those)  In an interesting (well, to me anyways) twist of fate you can also buy  urlLink Self merchandise  there.
so the taste fest is today through monday or tuesday.
to "#12 What's Pam Anderson doing with that dirt-pig?"
