"It is my hope and my request that you will take immediate action to put an end to Chaplain Llano's tactics and remind him of his obligation," the e-mail stated.
"To deny students sending out the message was the wrong thing to do," he said.
&nbsp; &nbsp; Earth Blessings, urlLink KaliTime Camaralzman &nbsp; &nbsp; Bonjour Everyone, At least something good is going on lately, eh?
&nbsp; Earth Blessings, urlLink KaliTime Camaralzman Bonjour Everyone, Please check this story out.
&nbsp; He sent about twenty other people and myself this nice series of notes in the e-mail.
&nbsp; If it hadn't been for  urlLink a rather inspirational story  I read a few hours ago, and a  urlLink Charley Reese  article, I might just have dived in bed and not gotten out today.
::::::::::goes to wash my head out with bleach and turpentine::::::::: &nbsp; &nbsp; Earth Blessings, urlLink KaliTime Camaralzman After reading a few news articles with much the same kick, I guess it isn't ok to 'just be silent' urlLink Silent protest prompts vocal criticism CYNTHIA M. ELLIS, The Telegraph April 11, 2003 ALTON -- Julie Ohley raised her voice as loud as she could Wednesday without ever saying a word.
AP: If you're saying that liberalism is taking power away from the families, how is conservatism giving more power to the families?
All were women, most seemingly strong-minded.
Alton High School Principal Phil Trapani said the school received dozens of telephone calls from parents and others in the community who were upset about the protest.
Art teachers who refused to rip down the posters on display in their classrooms were not given contracts to return to the school in this current school year.
As for Courtney, DSS officials said don't mind all the tears.
At first, I did everything I could to defend my beliefs against people who would try to lay claim to my soul or body to their own belief but I gave up trying after I turned 16 when it came to me that in the end, it was only my belief that mattered to me.
Critical thinking, questioning of public policies and freedom of speech are not to be allowed to anyone who does not share the thinking of the school principal.
Every society in the history of man has upheld the institution of marriage as a bond between a man and a woman.
Everyone is different and has the free right to be.
Everyone, all I can say is look at yourselves.
Gods that man is professional!
Has it ever occurred to you that we're not you?
He could not answer how long Llano has served as a chaplain or provide other details about his background.&nbsp; In other news, I just got done watching the  urlLink PBS program  urlLink Peter and Paul and the Christian Revolution .
He is teaching me French, well trying anyway, and had me in stitches from 2:00am until 4:30am EST.
He's being honest and fair based on the information I know from other sources and isn't 'hyping it up' with jingosim.
How the hell are we supposed to fit your lofty standards when you won't let us?
I had experience where someone decided to stick their foot in my door, thinking I was nice enough not to keep on closing the door.
I read  urlLink quite a few great articles that I found via Google .
I would argue yes, it does.
I'm probably going to put all the lurid tidbits about myself on this particular journal LOL.
I've just got one thing to say to this... &nbsp; &nbsp; Taken from:  urlLink  Matthew 25: 31-46 Then he will say to those on his left, ‘Depart from me, you accursed, into the eternal fire prepared for the Devil and his angels.
If everything truly is fair, why is the definition there except to keep you and yours happy at the expense of others.
If we get banned then so do you.
It all comes from, I would argue, this right to privacy that doesn't exist in my opinion in the United States Constitution, this right that was created, it was created in Griswold -- Griswold was the contraceptive case -- and abortion.
It is incredibly disheartening to see the country and planet I love being torn apart by such fear and savagery that the hatred and cold indifference of dehumanization causes.
It said that denying marriage licences to same-sex couples violated anti-discrimination laws.
It's aimed primarily at those of us who watch  urlLink Star Trek Enterprise  and think  urlLink Phlox and the  urlLink Denobulans are totally cool.
Meals on Wheels needs a lot of good volunteers for instance, and I'm sure they would gladly accept someone willing to help out the community.
Mr. Trapani, you did not do the wrong thing at all.
Newly-wed Tanya McCloskey said: "It was really important to us to just be married... Part of it is, we don't know what the Legislature is going to do."
No matter how much you reason, scream, shout, discuss, or just plain sigh, the people who are arguing against you will always be convinced that you're wrong because they 'know' they're right.
Ohley, a junior, wore the six colors synonymous with the gay pride flag.
Quite frankly, if its true, I'm pissed.
Read said students printed up badges that read: "United Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve."
Rio Rancho High School gave the Slam Team access to the school's closed-circuit television once a week and the poets thrived.
SANTORUM: The right to privacy lifestyle.
She sported socks that looked more like gloves, with multiple-colored necklaces and bracelets a quarter of the way up her arms.
So I would make the argument that with President, or Senator or Congressman or whoever Santorum, I would put it back to where it is, the democratic process.
So it's not the person, it's the person's actions.
Some US cities have controversially allowed gay marriages The Supreme Court ruling upheld a decision by the state's highest court.
Sophomore Jade Knight, 16, a member of PRISM, said everyone has their differences and people need to respect them.
Sounds suspiciously like another case I recall reading from 1967.
The above comments do not apply to the few good wrestlers in the mega-corporation wrestling organization....ok, maybe they do for some but I at least respect your wrestling skill when I'm not objectif....err I mean noticing the amount of hard work you put into keeping yourselves fit...yeah, thats it!
The actual baptism took an hour as Llano read from the Bible.
The teachers union has been joined in a legal action against the school by the National Writers Union, headquartered in New York City.
The teens, mostly shy youngsters, were taught to read their poetry aloud and before audiences.
Then they will answer and say, ‘Lord, when did we see you hungry or thirsty or a stranger or naked or ill or in prison, and not minister to your needs?'
Then, just before Christmas 1983, Reagan sent Donald Rumsfeld -- yes, the current secretary of defense -- to Baghdad to discuss resuming official diplomatic relations with Saddam, relations that had been severed during the 1967 Arab-Israeli war.
This couldn't be the furthest thing from the truth.
This entry isn't going to be very long today due to my exaustion from talking on the phone with a very good friend of mine.
This is my birthday and for myself I finally got this friggin blog to work the way I want it to.
This was before a lot of his beliefs and values ran completely counter to everything that I am.
Thousands of same-sex couples were married in San Francisco earlier this year, but the marriages were not recognized by the state of California.
To me, my belief is profound and deeply touching, often prodding me to reflect on life in general as well as my own personal growth in a way I've never experienced before.
Trapani said there was miscommunication about the event.
Video footage has aired in Maryland and New York and more than a half dozen people in the Baltimore area called in with information.
We heard and witnessed the violence commited against us and others when we did 'just shut up' and we reject it as barbarism not fit for the free society we're supposed to be living in.
We're not talking about priests with 3-year-olds, or 5-year-olds.
Well, not if you're taking my money and giving it to them.
Wester said, "As I've read the article and discussed with other chaplains, the implication of the story is this was a kind of situation of coercion or bribery."
What I do not do is cheer their deaths or belittle them because I know and recognize that they're human beings, just like me, and deserve the same respect I would ask for myself.
What goes on between consenting adults IS none of your business!
When questioned about her silence, she simply handed individuals a small card that read: "Please understand my reasons for not speaking today.
Which, again, according to the world view sense is a a perfectly fine relationship as long as it's consensual between people.
With the Ayatollah Khomeini controlling Iran, the U. S. feared a radical Islamic takeover of the region, so it began cozying up to Saddam -- you know, the enemy of my enemy is my friend.
You have the right to anything.
You won't let  urlLink GBLT and Polys get married by law like a lot of us want to yet you want to hold everyone to your standards.
urlLink SANTORUM : I have no problem with homosexuality.
