3) There isn't a third reason, that's why I said for two reasons.
Also, I weigh a good 200 tons, so that's some fucking dead kitten.
As I've mentioned before, my last name is mispronounced probably 95% of the time and it's only six letters.
As we speak (and remember, when I say 'we' I mean me and me since nobody else reads this) I'm busy writing a letter to the Council That Decides Who Should Win Noble Peace Prizes (you think they'd make that more succinct) about this whole idea.
But this face, this was one of pure ass-kicking determination.
But, when 250 people share this idea, it doesn't exactly work out as planned.
Comment away, my little whore-gnomes.
Comment away, tardmongers.
Email me  urlLink here  for story ideas, suggestions, or to agree with me on just how frightening mouse traps are.
Even though that's a fucking wicked name, don't get me wrong, that's not what I'm changing it to.
Everybody laughs, a few even cry because they laugh so hard.)
Go on with your bad self."
Having George W. Bush as president is like leaving a monkey in a room with a box of ninja stars and forty live chickens and expecting to open that door in a week and find everything in the room the way you left it.
Hollywood's going to be awesome.
How hard is that to understand?
I always check the bottom of the glass.
I always find it odd waking up with an erection just because I'm wondering how long that's been like that.
I can't believe you thought that he meant that movie.
I find it interesting that this happens so often -but it's also disturbing.
I heard that he totally gets together with her and she's a hooker.
I just can't wait until the footage of that shows up on the internet.
I mean, it's really easy to kill somebody, the hard part is not killing them.
I reached out and grabbed the guillotine, a pair of fingernail clippers with I (heart) New York inscribed on the main lever.
I remember, in years past, how cool I thought the whole ceremony was and how I wished that one day I could be a part of it.
I think I'm going to do this more often so I can feel like I'm writing on a regular basis like I should be.
I think everybody thought that everybody else will leave and then, when there's only like 4 of them left, there will definitely be spots in there for them to see the movie.
I think kicking a monkey in the balls would somehow draw a lot more anger from that monkey than sending them down in a heap like what happens to a man or a small child who won't stop pointing at you and laughing at your head that's "as big as me, mommy."
I turn it on because the response is hilarious.
I will put on my kitten-smashing boots and jump into a laundry basket filled with kittens.
I'll be over there drinking, partying, and having lots of sex with many vaginas (or, for the females in the armed forces--many vaginas), and when I come back I'll be twenty-one, in the best shape of my life, tan as all hell, and you'll constantly praise me for how great I was.
I'll even quote the bible:     He who doth covet thyself will have the blood of a feline on his hands.
I'm pretty sure she was trying to get all of the wrinkles out of the bag because it sounded like somebody behind me was rolling around in a big-ass pile of leaves in my ear.
I'm sure Siegfried is hanging out bedside with "Nip" and "Tuck" their two favorite white tigers.
I've never felt more like a gay man (or a straight man in a desperate situation, right, Ryan?)
I've never had a drink of alcohol in my life, but if I did, I sure know what I would use to drink my beer.
If you don't want to know what happens, don't keep reading, and if you do want to know, then keep reading.
If you haven't heard of this internet thing, you should look into it.
If you're a reader of mine, "Ray Ray," call me again.
In fact, go ahead and comment it below.
Investigative journalism at its pinnacle.
It would be fun for everybody.
It's good in theory, but they take it too far.
It's pronounced Duh-gun, not Doo-gun (not to be confused with an invention I'm working on).
Japanese ice-cream lovers have swapped traditional flavours such as raspberry ripple for something a little more exotic - horse-flesh.
Let's just say that I've read reviews of  The Village  and it wasn't reviewed that great.
MTV CENSOR GUY:  Jesus Christ, what's wrong with people?
Man, I just dropped some serious nasal vocabulary on your ass, you better recognize, beeeeotch!
Man, I'm on fire like that kid David who's dad hated the way he slept so he threw gas and a match on him in his sleep.
Maybe I'm a subconsciously-gay Harry Potter wannabe.
On a different note, a fun little anecdote about the finale of my screenwriting class follows.
Only one real producer actually showed up so it wasn't as nerve-wracking as I thought it would be.
Pull camera out to show the glass of wine sitting on a white carpet.
Right in their smelly head.
Sal has been with me for about two years.
So if you were one of my guests tonight, Happy New Year to you too.
So, Roy of the "Siegfried and Roy's International Steakhouse" chain of restaurants (and their magic act) has been hospitalized.
So, apparently the writers --yes, I'm convinced that the stupid show has writers now-- thought that having Frankie --if that is her real name-- coming out of the bathroom and dropping a knife conspicuously in front of Jamie, would be a good, dramatic way to reveal that she was in there cutting herself.
The camera pulls out from the sheet to reveal, that's right, you guessed it, Jesus, ALIVE!
The commercial I'm talking about is for a wheelchair/chair for really lazy people called the "Hoveround."
The commercial was a lot like the commercials that Sizzler always have had, except this time, when they named the restaurant, they whispered it.
The guy on the news in that magic box that sits underneath my DVD player said that it was centered near San Diego.
The idea that this organization would have the word "Retarded" in their title blows my mind.
The man in the wizard getup pointed in my direction.
The naked massage sweepstakes is over with the winners being nobody (or everybody if you've seen me naked).
Then, at the end of the movie, Joaquin and Opie-ette are embracing in the center of the village after they've murdered everybody else and Joaquin has sodomized each and every one of them while singing "Let's Get it Started" by The Black Eyed Peas.
There are times when I'm lying there, napping, and I'm struck with the thought, what are you doing here napping when you could be out doing something, but then, at the mere thought of the absurdity of the question, it exits my mind.
There was also a shot at the end of the movie where, after the world has been saved from the evil robots (the ones whose chest was glowing red; for those who don't know, in Symbolism 101, red means bad), for no reason whatsoever, the goddamn Blue Angels fly overhead and break off into different directions.
There's a Japan Ice-Cream Association.
There's something about them, maybe it's their lack of complete body-ness, or the smug way that they think they can "do whatever everybody else can do" that makes me want to hurt them more, but there's something there.
These are the only things that would convince me otherwise.
These pills really have messed up my stomach, though.
They come and tell me about how Jesus saved the world or something, but, from what I saw, Mel Gibson must hate Jesus.
Third day in a row posting and I'm feeling like a champ.
This is where I thought, Cool, he's totally going to pull a Neo and figure it all out and kick these guys' asses once he's done.
This means that, this summer, I need to get myself a job since I haven't had one for a few months.
This would have been the only time that I would have wanted to dole out the $100+ to see that show.
When I use the word ridiculous here, I don't mean that in a good way like, "Yo, that new eyepatch is ridiculous, Bluebeard.
While it has probably traveled over hundreds of miles and been in dozens of people's hands, it left this world in that very place it loved the most: the bathroom.
Will Smith, in the year 2035, becomes Buffy the Vampire Slayer while killing a robot.
Yesterday I posted about how I hurt my shoulder.
You know--just enough to get the job done, but not enough to kill you.
urlLink Email me  or post your comments about the stink.
