The air, so free, so separate from her made her yearn for flight.
When she sat at the Gryffindor table by Lily who had called her over and introduced her to the other girls, she saw someone watching her closely.
Early morning saw her fast asleep.
Chapter 5 She was growing listless, and increasingly detached.
She climbed into a carriage with some other girls who laughed and talked with one another in good humor, and she was content to be ignored.
She saw Lily's red hair swinging in the distance, and turned away.
She ignored the questioning looks they shot her, pretending at being lost in thoughts when actually, her mind had gone strangely blank.
Two seats away, Marlene McKinnon scowled at Sirius, and Lily snorted in silent glee.
"I have no reason to lie to you."
It was second nature for her to keep her wand at the ready, to keep all senses perked up, and to be on guard at the slightest of out-of-turn things.
Coming to a decision, she quickly whipped her cloak off of her and immediately stuffed it into her cloak pocket, so none of her unexpected companions would recognize the rippling fabric.
Hermione could not honestly say that she could understand what emotion ran through Lily at that moment, for she had been contending with danger for the majority of her life, and normal did not exactly exist.
Less than a minute later, she was exiting the Common Room under the invisibility cloak, heading towards a certain room on the seventh floor.
"What does it mean exactly, that you've already changed things?"
"Okay then, what happened that day I found you?"
She continued, crossing her arms over her chest, "What're you doing sneaking about anyway?
James exhaled heavily, and then looked at Hermione with a ghost of smile.
The colors of nature changed, and so did they, until every other reality than the one they had created was washed away in the fade of time.
She had to remind herself that she had a mission, and that the very fate of the world sat in her palm and it would be exceedingly easy to squander away this one chance.
Down, down the rabbit hole, she dropped.
