When Fudge came out, however, the minister was much pleased to answer all of their questions.
"So someone tried to force out information regarding Sirius' trial from the minister?"
"Don't think of me in the wrong way, Mr Potter…" "What did you find, Madame Bones?"
He would explain it to her at the first chance he got as he promised himself that inside his head as they headed to the dungeons while the Gryffindors parted ways with them.
"Fifty years," the man said.
It will be explained in the later parts of the story… Thanks for reading… "…and don't forget to practice the spell.
A minute later a small group of aurors came and guided him to the elevator that took him to the third floor where the Wizengmot's emergency meeting and Sirius' trial was to take place.
I took it and came out of the house, devastated over what had happened.
So unless you are trying to withhold that right from me I would suggest that you allot me my private quarter or I take my case to the education board itself which I totally hold the rights to considering I am an emancipated individual."
Hermione then started distributing a paper to each one of the students who were there.
This and other reasons made me to join Hogwarts knowing I would be under Dumbledore's surveillance all the time."
"They did give me one condition that if I was having someone over they could not stay for the night unless they were from outside the castle," Harry said.
"if it is causing you problems – being friends with us then I think you should not be friends with us," Hermione said.
Sign the paper and then we will begin from tomorrow at seven in the evening.
Ron got up from his seat and walked towards the corner that looked empty but was not.
"Don't call me that, pup," Sirius whispered in a dry tone.
The same happened with me when I came to know about new things even though I was brought up in the magical world.
A bead of swear rolled down his forehead under his chin and inside his shirt as he gulped down the load that had formed inside his throat.
"Don't mention it," Harry said.
"Well, my experience has been total opposite," Harry said.
