Her Mother spotted her and rushed to her and held her close and began to sob.
Her Mum and Dad both dropped their heads as though asleep.
It was a beautiful Sapphire and Diamond Locket on a delicate chain.
That way we can hopefully speak to them more privately.
It had been over a year since she had seen her family and friends.
"If you leave the lobby main entrance, and take a right and go to the end of the block there are two very nice ones not far one closest is the Amora and a few blocks north is the Shangri-La.
It's still there in the old house.
Her mind swirled with dozens of thoughts.
I had a house elf friend, Winky clean the house while we are here.
He nodded at her as if to give her permission to talk about it./span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"span style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: 'Courier New';" /span/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""I am sure you must be full of questions about all of this, and I can't blame you.
She knew she had to speak to Professor McGonagall as soon as possible.
Please call me Penny though" she said as she shook their hands.
It will indicate Magic stores and shops and restaurants.
At least she knew they were ok and had been watched over.
Ron and Hermione froze in their tracks.
"I thought so, come with me a moment please", she said with a smile she flashed a badge that indicated she was with the Ministry of Magic and was an Auror.
/span/strong/p p style="font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif; margin: 0in 0in 6pt; background-image: initial; background-position: initial; background-size: initial; background-repeat: initial; background-attachment: initial; background-origin: initial; background-clip: initial;"strongspan style="font-family: 'Courier New';""W.
She was anxious to see her parents and find out what they had to say about all that she found.
It was clear that she knew exactly what they were.
We just did no plan to take this long."
