"However, your fiancee isn't dead, which, coincidentally was what the curse originally intended."
"Which explains his interest in antiquities," Hermione finished, noticing that he'd reached the end of the page.
He was trying to win her back, not antagonize her!
He asked when they were ensconced back in his room for dinner.
He pressed the heels of his palms into his eyes, feeling the pressure build.
Vain old coot, Draco thought bitterly.
Her spellbook drew her gaze downwards, leaving Draco standing awkwardly in the doorway.
The last bit was more of a request than a statement, made more so by the spoonful of said porridge that he now proffered to her.
Neither the Healer nor Hermione flinched.
Now, the figures seemed trapped in their endless loops.
Part of him relished the idea of her inevitable panic at not recognizing any spell and her subsequent sullying of herself-he was sure the old Hermione would see it that way, at least-with Dark Arts, while another, cowardly, part worried that her innate Gryffindor-y goodness would be repulsed immediately and he'd lose all credibility with her.
The voice in his head he usually thought of as his rational-side-although, he chuckled darkly to himself, really who could think of themselves as rational as they categorized the different voices that inhabited their head?-whispered about how surely the Dark Lord would triumph.
Glancing over at Hermione, he sighed.
They'd been going through all the books referenced in Sandrine la Fontaine's notes.
His aunt darted to the side and hoisted a blonde, porcelain doll whose eyes popped open at Bella's touch out of a nest of cobwebs.
His thoughts snagged on a memory like a fishhook in fine cloth (the reason he had this point of comparison had earned him several days without sweets as a small child, he reflected ruefully).
And now all of this was laid bare before bloody muddy Hermione Granger, who looked so maddeningly interested.
I've been trying to catalogue the bits and pieces I do remember chronologically, but not having a whole year took me a bit by surprise… it's just so much of my life."
He glanced back at Hermione and the Healer.
He forced his sluggish thoughts to shift to a third possibility-that she remained alive, but cursed.
