As she was rummaging around in her handbag for her keys Hermione felt the familiar vibrations of her own phone and pulled it out and flipped it open: 00.37 I was wonderful to catch up with you this evening.
She hadn't replied, not through a want of trying.
His mother is trying to make all the decisions on our wedding," she paused feeling the smile that had not left her lips for the passed few hours falter.
Was she willing to forgo a life of happiness to do what was expected of her?
The one question playing through her mind was why in Merlin's name was Minerva acting so protective?
Although at first glance the chair looked comfortable and gave a look of grandeur to her otherwise plain office Hermione was indeed regretting not investing in something more supportive.
If there had been a wedding no doubt Molly would have invited you… And the rest of the wizarding bloody world."
I just finally gave into the inevitable.
The words were typed and sent before she could think to stall them.
These are a writer's catnip keep them a coming.
The thought of the young woman in front of her, in the bathtub barely under the bubbles brought a red tint to Minerva's pale completion.
12.48 I am indeed having a good day.
All manner of things ran through her mind as to why this marvellous woman was engaged to be married to someone who was so wrong for her.
Sliding her hands to her back she tried, in vein, to loosen the knot that had taken up home in her lower lumber.
The blush that rose up the cheeks of Hermione was not only out of embarrassment at being saved by Minerva but also the gutter her mind had ended up in at the comment.
They had met up once a month or so before Hermione's engagement to Ron.
I have missed how we used to talk.
She had never had the pleasure of feeling them against her skin, against her own yet she had had many the teenage fantasy about them.
She had never expected them to go anywhere but she had always held out a small hope that they may, at some point, explore the flirtations a little… further.
07.06 I have missed you, you know?
