Did you forget about the meeting?"
She groaned as her already declining will to fight him quickly started to dissolve at the dark, sibilant tone that filled her ears.
Hera laughed softly and curled into his chest and something in him simultaneously purred and growled at the action.
The snake was very proud of herself when she felt her Master's heartrate increase.
|}(SOB){| Sirius wrapped his arms around his wife's pregnant waist and gazed out at the sight from where they stood on the edge of the cliff.
Just before the two left, her Mate pressed a soft kiss to her lips that made her want to weep.
Besides, she had done a well enough job at making it so my Housemates kept me away from him, that other than thinking about him, it didn't affect me."
Sirius had gotten him a pair of handspun cotton pants inscribed with Runes he had never seen before that rested low on his hips, and he wore a robe over his bare torso.
"Then trust that I won't let you fall.
He bent down and kissed the skin behind her ear.
He found out you were injured and wrapped around my neck and squeezed until I finally gave in a brought him.
She had hoop earrings in two of her cartilage piercings in each ear, and a small diamond stud in the remaining cartilage hole in each.
They had been staring at the faint flashes of stars they could see through the branches of the angel oak for the last hour, and had remained mostly silent as they occasionally placed kisses where their mouths could easily reach.
He rubbed his nose against hers and stroked her cheek softly and stared into her bright green eyes that stared at him with warmth.
"I feel like I got hit by the Knight Bus."
I kept trying to tell you, but you kept distracting me."
Not only that, she had also insisted that Hera wore one of her flowy dressed that ended up showing her Soul Words, and when she had tried to put a concealment charm on them, removed it.
As stated above, I would be more than happy to help you.
Hera desperately wished that she didn't know what had gone wrong.
She laughed and he realized that speaking that way was probably a bad idea as the small muscles beneath his fingers tensed once more.
