Everybody grinned, for Blacky has played so many sharp tricks that no one is really his friend unless it is that other mischief-maker, Sammy Jay, who, you know, is Blacky's cousin.
It seemed to Buster as if everybody who lives in the Green Forest, on the Green Meadows, or around the Smiling Brook, was sitting around his hiding place, laughing and making fun of him.
His little eyes twinkled with enjoyment, and he didn't mind at all if now and then he got leaves, and some green berries in his mouth with the big ripe berries.
It was very exciting, the most exciting thing they could remember.
said Buster in his deep, grumbly-rumbly voice.
Sammy knew who it was: it was Buster Bear, and he was going berrying.
Little Joe Otter had his way too much.
Then he hid near by, where he could watch.
It was a bad beginning for a beautiful day and Little Joe knew it.
So at the same time Farmer Brown's boy started for the Green Forest, this other listener started towards the place where Blacky and Sammy were making such a racket.
He threw up his head to listen, and somehow, he never did know just how, the handle of the pail slipped back over his ears and caught there.
"That's a splendid idea!"
"Let me see, let me see, what is there to tempt my appetite?"
Sammy's cousin, Blacky the Crow, just happened to be flying along the edge of the Old Pasture, and the minute he heard Sammy's voice, he turned and flew over to see what it was all about.
Spite and selfishness were at the bottom of it.
Suppose you had a secret, a real secret, something that nobody else knew and that you didn't want anybody else to know.
But he didn't, and so he suddenly made up his mind that he didn't want to fish any more that day.
And really Little Joe has a great deal of courage.
I can eat all I want and get back to the Green Forest before there is any danger that Farmer Brown's boy or any one else I'm afraid of will see me.
"Yes, Sir, I'm going fishing.
The little people of the Green Forest, the Green Meadows, and the Smiling Pool are so used to hearing Sammy cry thief that usually they think very little about it.
Of course that wasn't nice talk and anything but a nice spirit, but Little Joe Otter's temper is sometimes pretty short, especially when he is hungry, and this time he had had no breakfast, you know.
I'll eat you all up to the last hair on your tail!"
He was so curious to know what it all meant that he couldn't wait another minute.
I wouldn't mind if I had it myself."
Then he started down the Laughing Brook to try to catch some for himself.
Sure enough, Peter Rabbit was there on one side of the Smiling Pool, making faces at Reddy Fox, who was on the other side, which, of course, was not at all nice of Peter.
said Little Joe fiercely.
If only he had chosen a tree near enough to other trees for him to jump across!
He looked this way and he looked that way suspiciously, but there was no one to be seen.
"I'll believe it when I see it for myself!"
"It's very curious," muttered Buster, "very curious indeed.
Buster clawed at that awful thing on his head more frantically than ever.
Then he had laughed some more, all of which goes to show how easy it is to be mistaken, and how foolish it is to laugh at things you really don't know about.
Now Buster Bear had lived by himself in the Great Woods so long that this habit of talking to himself had grown and grown.
Of course, Chatterer the Red Squirrel and Happy Jack the Gray Squirrel were there.
On another lily-pad sat Spotty the Turtle.
It seemed to Little Joe that he never would come.
In fact, he didn't want that pail at all.
I would just waste my time.
Whenever they met one another, all they could talk about was the smartness and the greatness of Buster Bear.
At least, Little Joe did.
And now he was making his way through the Green Forest to the Laughing Brook, sure that by the time he had followed it down to the Smiling Pool he would have a fine lot of trout to take home.
Down, down, down he sailed and landed on his feet.
Now to have all his neighbors of the Green Forest see him in such a fix and make fun of him, was more than he could stand.
Billy sometimes catches more fish than he can eat, but then he usually hides them.
He just chomped them all up together and patted his stomach from sheer delight.
For a minute or two everybody forgot about Buster Bear.
"You'll find it out one of these fine days!"
There they all sat in a great circle around him, each where he felt safe, but where he could see, and every one of them laughing and making fun of Buster.
And while he was wondering, he ate it all up.
I hope we'll go fishing together often."
There, on the bank beside the little pool, were the heads of three trout.
It moved very swiftly and silently, as if in a great hurry.
He heard the sweet voices of happy little singers, and they were good to hear.
You see Little Joe and Billy Mink had had all the fishing in the Laughing Brook to themselves so long that they thought no one else had any right to fish there.
Blacky doubted because he knew Farmer Brown's boy so well that he couldn't imagine him afraid.
"You got no more than you deserve for stealing Farmer Brown's boy's berries," said Sammy Jay, who had come back and was looking on from the top of a tree.
"He has no business catching _our_ fish!"
He was just climbing up the bank with the fat trout in his mouth.
And where do you think he was, in the Old Pasture?
X BUSTER BEAR BECOMES A HERO The news that Little Joe Otter told at the Smiling Pool,--how Farmer Brown's boy had run away from Buster Bear without even seeing him,--soon spread all over the Green Meadows and through the Green Forest, until every one who lives there knew about it.
"I don't care whether you believe it or not; it's true," he retorted.
It would be a favor to me which Ah cert'nly would appreciate," said Unc' Billy Possum when he heard the news.
Ol' Mistah Buzzard began to grin as soon as he saw that tin pail on Buster's neck.
Farmer Brown's boy took the two pails of milk into the house, then out he came and started straight for the Green Forest.
On the bank on one side of the Smiling Pool were Peter Rabbit, Jumper the Hare, Danny Meadow Mouse, Johnny Chuck, Jimmy Skunk, Unc' Billy Possum, Striped Chipmunk and Old Mr. Toad.
He heard Chatterer the Red Squirrel scolding as fast as he could make his tongue go and working himself into a terrible rage.
"Didn't he catch my fish and eat them?"
By and by the back door of Farmer Brown's house opened, and out stepped Farmer Brown's boy.
After that he yawned until it seemed as if his jaws would crack, and then sat down to think what he wanted for breakfast.
There ought to be some up in the Old Pasture.
It seemed to him that never in all his life had he wanted berries as he did now.
That's just what I'll do.
But it was the biggest footprint Farmer Brown's boy ever had seen, and it looked as if it had been made only a few minutes before.
"If he is so afraid of me, I guess I needn't be afraid of him," said he.
Makes my mouth water just to think of it.
"I guess some one else was hungry too," he muttered.
"Ah believe yo' are right again, Brer Otter," said he.
Why, right in the middle of the biggest patch of the biggest blueberries he ever had seen in all his life!
It helped him keep his balance and keep from turning over and over.
Buster sat down and scratched his head.
Somehow, he didn't feel like meeting Buster Bear.
"Um-m-m, my, my, but these are good!"
Reddy doubted because he didn't want to believe.
Little Joe darted over to the log and looked on the other side.
He tried to pull it off, but somehow he couldn't get hold of it.
And all the time he flew about among the trees near the edge of the Green Forest as if so excited that he couldn't keep still.
Mr. and Mrs. Redwing were there, and Blacky the Crow was sitting in the Big Hickory-tree.
Raspberries, blackberries, or blueberries, either kind, will make him perfectly happy.
And the worst part of it all was that all his neighbors of the Green Forest and a whole lot from the Green Meadows and the Smiling Pool were also there to see it.
Yes, Sir, Buster felt that he was shamed in the eyes of his neighbors, and he wanted nothing so much as to get away by himself, where no one could see him, and try to get rid of that dreadful pail.
"Thank you," replied Buster, and his eyes twinkled more than ever.
"You take my advice, Little Joe Otter," continued Grandfather Frog, "and always make friends with those who are bigger and stronger and smarter than you are.
He just _had_ to know what it was all about.
He screamed harder and louder than ever, until his voice grew so hoarse he couldn't scream any more, but Farmer Brown's boy kept right on to the barn.
But who wouldn't be in a rage if his breakfast was taken from him just as he was about to eat it?
"If I whistle," thought he, "everybody will know just where I am, and will keep out of sight, and I never can get acquainted with folks if they keep out of sight."
"If I didn't know that nobody else comes fishing here, I should think that somebody had been here this very morning and caught all the fish or else frightened them so that they are all in hiding," said he, as he trudged on to the next little pool.
He tried to back out of the pail and couldn't.
