'Treacle,' said a sleepy voice behind her.
said Alice to herself, rather sharply; 'I advise you to leave off this minute!'
said Alice indignantly, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.
'Stand up and repeat "'TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,"' said the Gryphon.
(It was this last remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.)
'Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a confused way, 'Prizes!
'But I'm not used to it!'
'Oh, PLEASE mind what you're doing!'
'A fine day, your Majesty!'
And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a sort of lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at the end of every line: 'Speak roughly to your little boy, And beat him when he sneezes: He only does it to annoy, Because he knows it teases.'
I wish you were down here with me!
'Not the same thing a bit!'
'There's a great deal to come before that!'
So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first saw the White Rabbit.
How puzzling all these changes are!
(The jury all looked puzzled.)
'It turned into a pig,' Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back in a natural way.
'I'm glad they've begun asking riddles.--I believe I can guess that,' she added aloud.
Why, there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable person!'
'If everybody minded their own business,' the Duchess said in a hoarse growl, 'the world would go round a deal faster than it does.'
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
As she said this, she came suddenly upon an open place, with a little house in it about four feet high.
'Oh, I've had such a curious dream!'
'I'd nearly forgotten to ask.'
Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on 'And how do you know that you're mad?'
And he added in an undertone to the Queen, 'Really, my dear, YOU must cross-examine the next witness.
said the Dormouse indignantly.
'THAT you won't' thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her hand, and made a snatch in the air.
'Write that down,' the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and reduced the answer to shillings and pence.
'I suppose so,' said Alice.
cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); 'now I'm opening out like the largest telescope that ever was!
But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the reason is--' here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--'Tell her about the reason and all that,' he said to the Gryphon.
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'
'It must have been that,' said the King, 'unless it was written to nobody, which isn't usual, you know.'
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what was on the top of it.
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo: she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she had got its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the hedgehog a blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face, with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice soon came to the conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.
And when I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a sorrowful tone; 'at least there's no room to grow up any more HERE.'
These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an occasional exclamation of 'Hjckrrh!'
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, 'Which way?
She was close behind it when she turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging from the roof.
It doesn't look like one, but it is.'
and at last she spread out her hand again, and made another snatch in the air.
'I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth.
'Come, THAT'S a good thing!'
'Ten hours the first day,' said the Mock Turtle: 'nine the next, and so on.'
'Come, there's no use in crying like that!'
There was no label this time with the words 'DRINK ME,' but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her lips.
cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly about.
thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt, for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the window, and some of them hit her in the face.
I'm sure _I_ shan't be able!
she knows such a very little!
and they all crowded round it, panting, and asking, 'But who has won?'
And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited.
'You ought to have finished,' said the King.
So they couldn't get them out again.
Why, I haven't had a wink of sleep these three weeks!'
Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet: 'Dinah's our cat.
And the Gryphon added 'Come, let's hear some of YOUR adventures.'
'I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time.
They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the dance?
Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling very curious to see what the next witness would be like, '--for they haven't got much evidence YET,' she said to herself.
the master says you're to go down the chimney!'
said a timid voice at her side.
The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter, nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other, saying, in a solemn tone, 'For the Duchess.
When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon, Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon: While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl, And concluded the banquet--] 'What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, 'if you don't explain it as you go on?
on their slates, and she could even make out that one of them didn't know how to spell 'stupid,' and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him.
'Not at first, perhaps,' said the Hatter: 'but you could keep it to half-past one as long as you liked.'
'Would you like to see a little of it?'
On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:-- 'The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts, All on a summer day: The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts, And took them quite away!'
'It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,' said Alice: 'allow me to introduce it.'
And she opened the door and went in.
Alice led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
'I have answered three questions, and that is enough,' Said his father; 'don't give yourself airs!
'Well, it's got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!'
ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.'
This time there could be NO mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than a pig, and she felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it further.
she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the number of executions the Queen had ordered.
yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.
'Yes,' said Alice doubtfully: 'it means--to--make--anything--prettier.'
Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going on, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance, screaming with passion.
said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest contempt.
'Read them,' said the King.
'She's in prison,' the Queen said to the executioner: 'fetch her here.'
After a while she remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, and she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then, and holding it to his ear.
'I DON'T know,' said the Caterpillar.
the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made a memorandum of the fact.
'Why, SHE,' said the Gryphon.
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked with sobs, to sing this:-- 'Beautiful Soup, so rich and green, Waiting in a hot tureen!
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had slipped in like herself.
And yesterday things went on just as usual.
said the Caterpillar sternly.
Stop this moment, I tell you!'
This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in his confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the bread-and-butter.
'Hadn't time,' said the Gryphon: 'I went to the Classics master, though.
'IT DOES THE BOOTS AND SHOES.'
Now I growl when I'm pleased, and wag my tail when I'm angry.
Besides, SHE'S she, and I'm I, and--oh dear, how puzzling it all is!
'Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; 'but when you have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little queer, won't you?'
