The Virgin started from her seat, & with a shriek, Fled back unhinderd till she came into the vales of Har
Sweet Sleep, with soft down Weave thy brows an infant crown Sweet Sleep, angel mild, Hover o'er my happy child!
Turning back was vain: Soon his heavy mane Bore them to the ground, Then he stalked around, Smelling to his prey; But their fears allay When he licks their hands, And silent by them stands.
Descend O little cloud & hover before the eyes of Thel.
NURSE'S SONG When voices of children are heard on the green, And whisperings are in the dale, The days of my youth rise fresh in my mind, My face turns green and pale.
gentle may I lay me down and gentle rest my head.
"And, father, how can I love you Or any of my brothers more?
I knew not this, and therefore did I weep: That God would love a Worm I knew, and punish the evil foot That wilful bruis'd its helpless form: but that he cherish'd it With milk and oil I never knew, and therefore did I weep, And I complaind in the mild air, because I fade away.
"Piper, sit thee down and write In a book, that all may read."
Old John, with white hair, Does laugh away care, Sitting under the oak, Among the old folk.
And there the lion's ruddy eyes Shall flow with tears of gold: And pitying the tender cries, And walking round the fold: Saying: "Wrath by His meekness, And, by His health, sickness, Are driven away From our immortal day.
"Well, well, go and play till the light fades away, And then go home to bed."
Giving to those that cannot crave, the voiceless, the o'er tired The breath doth nourish the innocent lamb, he smells the milky garments He crops thy flowers while thou sittest smiling in his face, Wiping his mild and meekin mouth from all contagious taints.
I pass away, yet I complain, and no one hears my voice.
Pitying, I dropped a tear: But I saw a glow-worm near, Who replied, "What wailing wight Calls the watchman of the night?
For where'er the sun does shine, And where'er the rain does fall, Babes should never hunger there, Nor poverty the mind appall.
NOTE:  Though written and engraved by Blake, "A DIVINE IMAGE" was never included in the SONGS OF INNOCENCE AND OF EXPERIENCE.
THE BLOSSOM Merry, merry sparrow!
The Cloud reclind upon his airy throne and answerd thus.
For Mercy has a human heart Pity, a human face; And Love, the human form divine; And Peace, the human dress.
Or Love in a golden bowl?
"No, no, let us play, for it is yet day, And we cannot go to sleep; Besides, in the sky the little birds fly, And the hills are all covered with sheep."
Thou, mother of my mortal part, With cruelty didst mould my heart, And with false self-deceiving tears Didst bind my nostrils, eyes, and ears, Didst close my tongue in senseless clay, And me to mortal life betray.
Round the laps of their mothers Many sisters and brothers, Like birds in their nest, Are ready for rest, And sport no more seen On the darkening green.
But, if they rush dreadful, The angels, most heedful, Receive each mild spirit, New worlds to inherit.
How can a child, when fears annoy, But droop his tender wing, And forget his youthful spring?
When wolves and tigers howl for prey, They pitying stand and weep; Seeking to drive their thirst away, And keep them from the sheep.
And says; Thou mother of my children, I have loved thee And I have given thee a crown that none can take away.
Nothing remains; O maid I tell thee, when I pass away.
AH SUNFLOWER Ah Sunflower, weary of time, Who countest the steps of the sun; Seeking after that sweet golden clime Where the traveller's journey is done; Where the Youth pined away with desire, And the pale virgin shrouded in snow, Arise from their graves, and aspire Where my Sunflower wishes to go!
Tiger, tiger, burning bright In the forests of the night, What immortal hand or eye Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?
They look upon his eyes, Filled with deep surprise; And wondering behold A spirit armed in gold.
The starry floor, The watery shore, Are given thee till the break of day."
I see thee like an infant wrapped in the Lillys leaf; Ah weep not little voice, thou can'st not speak, but thou can'st weep: Is this a Worm?
Seven summers old Lovely Lyca told.
A DREAM Once a dream did weave a shade O'er my angel-guarded bed, That an emmet lost its way Where on grass methought I lay.
Sweet dreams of pleasant streams By happy, silent, moony beams!
"O Earth, O Earth, return!
I went to the Garden of Love, And saw what I never had seen; A Chapel was built in the midst, Where I used to play on the green.
ON ANOTHER'S SORROW Can I see another's woe, And not be in sorrow too?
In the age of gold, Free from winter's cold, Youth and maiden bright, To the holy light, Naked in the sunny beams delight.
Oh He gives to us his joy, That our grief He may destroy: Till our grief is fled an gone He doth sit by us and moan.
THE ECHOING GREEN The sun does arise, And make happy the skies; The merry bells ring To welcome the Spring; The skylark and thrush, The birds of the bush, Sing louder around To the bells' cheerful sound; While our sports shall be seen On the echoing Green.
LAUGHING SONG When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it; when the meadows laugh with lively green, And the grasshopper laughs in the merry scene, When Mary and Susan and Emily With their sweet round mouths sing "Ha, ha he!"
Did he who made the lamb make thee?
Then Thel astonish'd view'd the Worm upon its dewy bed.
Or wilt thou go ask the Mole: Can Wisdom be put in a silver rod?
Sleeping Lyca lay While the beasts of prey, Come from caverns deep, Viewed the maid asleep.
I love you like the little bird That picks up crumbs around the door."
All creation slept and smiled.
But, if at the Church they would give us some ale, And a pleasant fire our souls to regale, We'd sing and we'd pray all the livelong day, Nor ever once wish from the Church to stray.
Where Mercy, Love, and Pity dwell, There God is dwelling too.
And, when thy heart began to beat, What dread hand and what dread feet?
But to go to school in a summer morn, -- Oh it drives all joy away!
And mutual fear brings Peace, Till the selfish loves increase Then Cruelty knits a snare, And spreads his baits with care.
THE SCHOOLBOY I love to rise on a summer morn, When birds are singing on every tree; The distant huntsman winds his horn, And the skylark sings with me: Oh what sweet company!
For Mercy, Pity, Peace, and Love, Is God our Father dear; And Mercy, Pity, Peace, and Love, Is man, his child and care.
Or the glistening Eye to the poison of a smile!
Now they look abroad to see, Now return and weep for me."
THE ANGEL I dreamt a dream!
For he hears the lambs' innocent call, And he hears the ewes' tender reply; He is watching while they are in peace, For they know when their Shepherd is nigh.
Why an Ear, a whirlpool fierce to draw creations in?
THE LILY The modest Rose puts forth a thorn, The humble sheep a threat'ning horn: While the Lily white shall in love delight, Nor a thorn nor a threat stain her beauty bright.
Night is worn, And the morn Rises from the slumbrous mass.
How can the bird that is born for joy Sit in a cage and sing?
Or an Eye of gifts & graces showring fruits & coined gold!
To her father white Came the maiden bright; But his loving look, Like the holy book All her tender limbs with terror shook.
A POISON TREE I was angry with my friend: I told my wrath, my wrath did end.
Am not I A fly like thee?
Come forth worm and the silent valley, to thy pensive queen.
From the morn to the evening he stays; He shall follow his sheep all the day, And his tongue shall be filled with praise.
When the stars threw down their spears, And watered heaven with their tears, Did he smile his work to see?
The Lilly of the valley breathing in the humble grass Answerd the lovely maid and said: I am a watry weed, And I am very small and love to dwell in lowly vales: So weak the gilded butterfly scarce perches on my head Yet I am visited from heaven and he that smiles on all Walks in the valley, and each morn over me spreads his hand Saying, rejoice thou humble grass, thou new-born lily flower.
She ceasd & smild in tears, then sat down in her silver shrine.
Sweet moans, dovelike sighs, Chase not slumber from thine eyes!
So he took his wings, and fled; Then the morn blushed rosy red.
Sweet smiles, mother's smile, All the livelong night beguile.
come hither And see the opening morn, Image of Truth new-born.
And not sit both night and day, Wiping all our tears away?
"Turn away no more; Why wilt thou turn away?
There's little Tom Dacre, who cried when his head, That curled like a lamb's back, was shaved; so I said, "Hush, Tom!
The little ones leaped, and shouted, and laughed, And all the hills echoed.
To fade away like morning beauty from her mortal day: Down by the river of Adona her soft voice is heard; And thus her gentle lamentation falls like morning dew.
Why should the mistress of the vales of Har, utter a sigh.
"Lost in desert wild Is your little child.
Which thou dost scatter on every little blade of grass that springs Revives the milked cow, & tames the fire-breathing steed.
Thel answerd, O thou little virgin of the peaceful valley.
Little boy, Full of joy; Little girl, Sweet and small; Cock does crow, So do you; Merry voice, Infant noise; Merrily, merrily, to welcome in the year.
HOLY THURSDAY 'Twas on a Holy Thursday, their innocent faces clean, Came children walking two and two, in read, and blue, and green: Grey-headed beadles walked before, with wands as white as snow, Till into the high dome of Paul's they like Thames waters flow.
And it bears the fruit of Deceit, Ruddy and sweet to eat, And the raven his nest has made In its thickest shade.
"I happy am, Joy is my name."
Pale through pathless ways The fancied image strays, Famished, weeping, weak, With hollow piteous shriek.
Lives not alone nor or itself: fear not and I will call, The weak worm from its lowly bed, and thou shalt hear its voice.
Cruel, jealous, selfish fear!
Is that trembling cry a song?
Selfish, vain, Eternal bane, That free love with bondage bound."
Tired and woe-begone, Hoarse with making moan, Arm in arm, seven days They traced the desert ways.
Bird's delight, Day and night, Nightingale, In the dale, Lark in sky,-- Merrily, Merrily merrily, to welcome in the year.
Soon spreads the dismal shade Of Mystery over his head, And the caterpillar and fly Feed on the Mystery.
"I am set to light the ground, While the beetle goes his round: Follow now the beetle's hum; Little wanderer, hie thee home!"
