"And because I am happy and dance and sing, They think they have done me no injury, And are gone to praise God and his priest and king, Who make up a heaven of our misery."
"And, father, how can I love you Or any of my brothers more?
"Break this heavy chain, That does freeze my bones around!
"Does spring hide its joy, When buds and blossoms grow?
"Follow me," he said; "Weep not for the maid; In my palace deep, Lyca lies asleep."
"For when our souls have learn'd the heat to bear, The cloud will vanish, we shall hear His voice, Saying, 'Come out from the grove, my love and care And round my golden tent like lambs rejoice'," Thus did my mother say, and kissed me; And thus I say to little English boy.
"Frowning, frowning night, O'er this desert bright Let thy moon arise, While I close my eyes."
"No, no, let us play, for it is yet day, And we cannot go to sleep; Besides, in the sky the little birds fly, And the hills are all covered with sheep."
"Piper, pipe that song again;" So I piped: he wept to hear.
"Piper, sit thee down and write In a book, that all may read."
"Turn away no more; Why wilt thou turn away?
-- "They are both gone up to the church to pray.
And I saw it was filled with graves, And tombstones where flowers should be; And priests in black gowns were walking their rounds, And binding with briars my joys and desires.
And all must love the human form, In heathen, Turk, or Jew.
And can He who smiles on all Hear the wren with sorrows small, Hear the small bird's grief and care, Hear the woes that infants bear -- And not sit beside the next, Pouring pity in their breast, And not sit the cradle near, Weeping tear on infant's tear?
And gentle sleep the sleep of death, and gently hear the voice Of him that walketh in the garden in the evening time.
And heard this voice of sorrow breathed from the hollow pit.
And standing on the altar high, "Lo, what a fiend is here!
And the gates of this Chapel were shut And "Thou shalt not," writ over the door; So I turned to the Garden of Love That so many sweet flowers bore.
Arise from out the dewy grass!
Besides, I can tell where I am used well; The poor parsons with wind like a blown bladder swell.
But Thel is like a faint cloud kindled at the rising sun: I vanish from my pearly throne, and who shall find my place.
But how this is sweet maid, I know not, and I cannot know I ponder, and I cannot ponder; yet I live and love.
Can I see a falling tear, And not feel my sorrow's share?
DIVINE IMAGE To Mercy, Pity, Peace, and Love, All pray in their distress, And to these virtues of delight Return their thankfulness.
Descend O little cloud & hover before the eyes of Thel.
Does the sower Sow by night, Or the plowman in darkness plough?
Dost thou O little cloud?
EARTH'S ANSWER Earth raised up her head From the darkness dread and drear, Her light fled, Stony, dread, And her locks covered with grey despair.
Farewell, green fields and happy grove, Where flocks have ta'en delight.
Giving to those that cannot crave, the voiceless, the o'er tired The breath doth nourish the innocent lamb, he smells the milky garments He crops thy flowers while thou sittest smiling in his face, Wiping his mild and meekin mouth from all contagious taints.
HOLY THURSDAY 'Twas on a Holy Thursday, their innocent faces clean, Came children walking two and two, in read, and blue, and green: Grey-headed beadles walked before, with wands as white as snow, Till into the high dome of Paul's they like Thames waters flow.
He sits down with his holy fears, And waters the ground with tears; Then Humility takes its root Underneath his foot.
How can Lyca sleep If her mother weep?
How can the bird that is born for joy Sit in a cage and sing?
I a child, and thou a lamb, We are called by His name.
I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow.
INFANT JOY "I have no name; I am but two days old."
In what distant deeps or skies Burnt the fire of thine eyes?
Leopards, tigers, play Round her as she lay; While the lion old Bowed his mane of gold, And her breast did lick And upon her neck, From his eyes of flame, Ruby tears there came; While the lioness Loosed her slender dress, And naked they conveyed To caves the sleeping maid.
Like the doves voice, like transient day, like music in the air: Ah!
Little Lamb, God bless thee!
MY PRETTY ROSE TREE A flower was offered to me, Such a flower as May never bore; But I said "I've a pretty rose tree," And I passed the sweet flower o'er.
NIGHT The sun descending in the west, The evening star does shine; The birds are silent in their nest, And I must seek for mine.
O little Cloud the virgin said, I charge thee to tell me Why thou complainest now when in one hour thou fade away: Then we shall seek thee but not find: ah Thel is like to thee.
Oh He gives to us his joy, That our grief He may destroy: Till our grief is fled an gone He doth sit by us and moan.
Oh the dismal care That shakes the blossoms of my hoary hair!"
Oh what a multitude they seemed, these flowers of London town!
Or how shall we gather what griefs destroy, Or bless the mellowing year, When the blasts of winter appear?
She had wandered long, Hearing wild birds' song.
So I sang the same again, While he wept with joy to hear.
Sweet moan, sweeter smile, All the dovelike moans beguile.
Sweet smiles, mother's smile, All the livelong night beguile.
THE CHIMNEY SWEEPER A little black thing in the snow, Crying "weep!
THE FLY Little Fly, Thy summer's play My thoughtless hand Has brushed away.
THE HUMAN ABSTRACT Pity would be no more If we did not make somebody poor, And Mercy no more could be If all were as happy as we.
THE LAMB Little Lamb, who make thee Dost thou know who made thee, Gave thee life, and bid thee feed By the stream and o'er the mead; Gave thee clothing of delight, Softest clothing, wolly, bright; Gave thee such a tender voice, Making all the vales rejoice?
THE LILY The modest Rose puts forth a thorn, The humble sheep a threat'ning horn: While the Lily white shall in love delight, Nor a thorn nor a threat stain her beauty bright.
THE LITTLE GIRL LOST In futurity I prophetic see That the earth from sleep (Grave the sentence deep) Shall arise, and seek for her Maker meek; And the desert wild Become a garden mild.
The Clod of Clay heard the Worms voice & rais'd her pitying head: She bowd over the weeping infant, and her life exhald In milky fondness, then on Thel she fix'd her humble eyes O beauty of the vales of Har, we live not for ourselves, Thou seest me the meanest thing, and so I am indeed: My bosom of itself is cold, and of itself is dark, But he that loves the lowly, pours his oil upon my head And kisses me, and binds his nuptial bands around my breast.
The Cloud then shewd his golden head & his bright form emerg'd.
The Virgin started from her seat, & with a shriek, Fled back unhinderd till she came into the vales of Har
The eternal gates terrific porter lifted the northern bar: Thel enter'd in & saw the secrets of the land unknown; She saw the couches of the dead, & where the fibrous roots Of every heart on earth infixes deep its restless twists: A land of sorrows & of tears where never smile was seen.
The gods of the earth and sea Sought through nature to find this tree, But their search was all in vain: There grows one in the human Brain.
The kingly lion stood, And the virgin viewed: Then he gambolled round O'er the hallowed ground.
The moon, like a flower In heaven's high bower, With silent delight, Sits and smiles on the night.
The starry floor, The watery shore, Are given thee till the break of day."
Then I went to the heath and the wild, To the thistles and thorns of the waste; And they told me how they were beguiled, Driven out, and compelled to the chaste.
Then come home, my children, the sun is gone down, And the dews of night arise; Your spring and your day are wasted in play, And your winter and night in disguise.
Then if thou art the food of worms, O virgin of the skies, How great thy use, how great thy blessing, every thing that lives.
Then, in rising day, On the grass they play; Parents were afar, Strangers came not near, And the maiden soon forgot her fear.
They look upon his eyes, Filled with deep surprise; And wondering behold A spirit armed in gold.
Thou gentle maid of silent valleys and of modest brooks: For thou shall be clothed in light, and fed with morning manna: Till summers heat melts thee beside the fountains and the springs To flourish in eternal vales: they why should Thel complain.
Thou, mother of my mortal part, With cruelty didst mould my heart, And with false self-deceiving tears Didst bind my nostrils, eyes, and ears, Didst close my tongue in senseless clay, And me to mortal life betray.
Though the morning was cold, Tom was happy and warm: So, if all do their duty, they need not fear harm.
Thy wine doth purify the golden honey; thy perfume.
Till the little ones, weary, No more can be merry: The sun does descend, And our sports have an end.
To fade away like morning beauty from her mortal day: Down by the river of Adona her soft voice is heard; And thus her gentle lamentation falls like morning dew.
Troubled, wildered, and forlorn, Dark, benighted, travel-worn, Over many a tangle spray, All heart-broke, I heard her say: "Oh my children!
Turning back was vain: Soon his heavy mane Bore them to the ground, Then he stalked around, Smelling to his prey; But their fears allay When he licks their hands, And silent by them stands.
Under a cruel eye outworn, The little ones spend the day In sighing and dismay.
Why fade these children of the spring?
William Blake's THE BOOK of THEL THEL'S Motto Does the Eagle know what is in the pit?
gentle may I lay me down and gentle rest my head.
said he: "One who sets reason up for judge Of our most holy mystery."
