"I'll be judge, I'll be jury," Said cunning old Fury: "I'll try the whole cause, and condemn you to death."'
'ARE you to get in at all?'
'And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?'
'As wet as ever,' said Alice in a melancholy tone: 'it doesn't seem to dry me at all.'
'Boots and shoes under the sea,' the Gryphon went on in a deep voice, 'are done with a whiting.
'Hand it over here,' said the Dodo.
'I can't explain MYSELF, I'm afraid, sir' said Alice, 'because I'm not myself, you see.'
'I haven't the slightest idea,' said the Hatter.
'I thought it would,' said the Cat, and vanished again.
'Just think of what work it would make with the day and night!
'No,' said the Caterpillar.
'Now at OURS they had at the end of the bill, "French, music, AND WASHING--extra."'
'Now, I'll manage better this time,' she said to herself, and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that led into the garden.
'Of course it is,' said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to everything that Alice said; 'there's a large mustard-mine near here.
'Repeat, "YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,"' said the Caterpillar.
'Thank you,' said Alice, 'it's very interesting.
'That I can't remember,' said the Hatter.
'That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet,' said the King, rubbing his hands; 'so now let the jury--' 'If any one of them can explain it,' said Alice, (she had grown so large in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit afraid of interrupting him,) 'I'll give him sixpence.
'The trial cannot proceed,' said the King in a very grave voice, 'until all the jurymen are back in their proper places--ALL,' he repeated with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said do.
'Well, I never heard it before,' said the Mock Turtle; 'but it sounds uncommon nonsense.'
'Well, it's got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!'
'Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a confused way, 'Prizes!
'You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk.
--you advance twice--' 'Each with a lobster as a partner!'
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice!
After these came the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all ornamented with hearts.
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder, and it was an uncomfortably sharp chin.
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
Alice said to herself, as well as she could for sneezing.
Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it had made.
As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head, she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent.
But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the reason is--' here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--'Tell her about the reason and all that,' he said to the Gryphon.
CHAPTER XII Alice's Evidence 'Here!'
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Don't go splashing paint over me like that!'
For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had disappeared.
I almost wish I'd gone to see the Hatter instead!'
I do wonder what CAN have happened to me!
I must have been changed for Mabel!
I wouldn't be in Bill's place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but I THINK I can kick a little!'
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door leading right into it.
Pig and Pepper For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery: otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles.
RABBIT' engraved upon it.
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, 'Which way?
She is such a dear quiet thing,' Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the pool, 'and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's such a capital one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!'
She soon got it out again, and put it right; 'not that it signifies much,' she said to herself; 'I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial one way up as the other.'
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow, except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
So Bill's got to come down the chimney, has he?'
So she began again: 'Ou est ma chatte?'
So she began: 'O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool?
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she began shrinking directly.
So they couldn't get them out again.
The Hatter was the only one who got any advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said 'Consider, my dear: she is only a child!'
The first witness was the Hatter.
The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went down on one knee.
The only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
The three soldiers wandered about for a minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the others.
Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly presented the thimble, saying 'We beg your acceptance of this elegant thimble'; and, when it had finished this short speech, they all cheered.
There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers now and then; such as, 'Sure, I don't like it, yer honour, at all, at all!'
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance, sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break.
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her: the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot.
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and called out to her in an angry tone, 'Why, Mary Ann, what ARE you doing out here?
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked at her, and the Queen said severely 'Who is this?'
and read out from his book, 'Rule Forty-two.
and she ran with all speed back to the little door: but, alas!
cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.
he added, turning to the Knave.
it was too late to wish that!
said Five, 'and I'll tell him--it was for bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.'
said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.
the King added in an offended tone, and everybody laughed, 'Let the jury consider their verdict,' the King said, for about the twentieth time that day.
