"Am I not king of the whole land?
"Did you kill the Otter's babies?"
"Even some of the trees look like this when they first come through; you would not think a birch tree could look like a vegetable or a flower, would you?
"I know his heart," said Suliman, "it is not all bad; it is tainted, but not corrupt; perhaps he will repent and come back to us a good king."
"Little Half-Chick," said the Wind, "you are just in time to help me; if you will brush aside these twigs and leaves, I can get my breath; help me, quickly!"
"No, it isn't," said the little Red Man, "I have it; you will never see it again."
"The book says there is a Nightingale," said the Emperor.
"This is a remarkably heavy cow," said the Elephant; "but I'll fetch her!"
"This is very terrible," said the little Country Mouse; "let us not go back to the cupboard again."
About a year after the artificial nightingale came, the Emperor was listening to her waltz tune, when there was a _snap_ and _whir-r-r_ inside the bird, and the music stopped.
After a time, Margaret had a chance to get a bakery, and then she became a bread-woman instead of a milk-woman.
And as he gazed in horror, the fairy's voice whispered, "Your soul has become more ugly than your shape is; you yourself have deformed it."
And he bade them begin at once to grind salt, for of this he had very scanty store.
And so away he wint Wid the bag upon his back, An' up the hill and through the woods Saftly he made his track.
And, children, the little book made Louisa famous.
At last, one day, a publisher asked Louisa, who was now a woman, to write a book for girls.
At that instant, the white dove vanished, and Prince Cherry stood there, as handsome and charming as ever, and with a look of kindness and modesty in his eyes which had never been there before.
At that, they were both so ashamed that neither would speak to the other.
But suddenly he thought, "I was as bad as these men; I myself put Zelia in prison, and would have treated her worse still, if I had not been prevented."
But the neighbours might stare and ask questions if they saw these little chaps running about your house, so I will hide them away for you.
But there were twelve servants appointed to wait on her, and those twelve servants went with her every time she went out, and each of the twelve had hold of the end of a silken string which was tied to the little Nightingale's leg!
Cherry was glad of that, and he was running happily back to his kennel when he heard cries of distress, and suddenly he saw some rough men dragging along a young girl, who was weeping and crying for help.
Every night, when I go to carry scraps from the kitchen to my mother, who lives in the wood beyond the forest, I hear the Nightingale sing."
For several days the sound of hammering came steadily from behind the enclosure.
HOW THE SEA BECAME SALT This story was told long ago by our Northern forefathers who brought it with them in their dragon ships when they crossed the North Sea to settle in England.
He could hardly speak, and the tears streamed from his old eyes, but he gathered strength to ask one more question.
He knew not what to think.
He said,-- "When I don't see any little crabs on the land I generally see them sticking out of the water, and then I put my paw in and catch them.
He slept deeply and long.
He slept like the seven sleepers, and he dreamed the most beautiful things you could imagine.
He thought of God, and of his own wickedness; he remembered how selfish he had been, and how little good he had done; he realised, that his power had not been from himself, at all.
He was quite alone, for all the courtiers had gone to congratulate the new emperor, and all the servants had gone to talk it over.
Her little face was so anxious that he thought something unpleasant had happened.
High up on the church steeple, the Weather-vane answered, "It is no time for people to be in the streets; decent folk are in their beds."
His Mammy said,-- "What you got there, Epaminondas?"
His face, his figure, his voice were exactly like Robert of Sicily; no human being could have told the difference; no one dreamed that he was not the king.
If you reach it before the last stroke of midnight, I will receive you there, and will be your friend.
In the winter the white snow fell softly, softly, and covered the great trees all over with wonderful caps and coats of white.
In went the stone and out came the boiling water, all over the old Fox and the old Fox's mother!
Is any man so daring As dig them up in spite, He shall find their sharpest thorns In his bed at night.
It was so sweet and so loud that the whispers died quite away.
Just at that moment he felt something warm nosing about at his shoulder, and heard a little whinny.
Little Brother Rabbit sniggered to himself.
Nice and quiet shure she was, And nivir did any harrum; She lived alane all be herself, And worked upon her farrum.
No farmer's garden could have looked better than the great garden of the desert valley.
Now there came a time when he had eaten all the crabs to be found on his own side of the river.
Oh, isn't morning beautiful?
Once more Death begged for a song, and this time the little Nightingale obtained the banner for her singing.
One day, the men who were watering the crops saw a great number of crickets swarming over the ground at the edge of the gardens nearest the mountains.
Presently, as the great stones moved round and round, Frode, who still stood by, heard one chant in a low, sing-song voice,-- "I see a fire east of the town--the curlews awake and sound a note of warning.
ROBERT OF SICILY An old legend says that there was once a king named Robert of Sicily, who was brother to the Great Pope of Rome and to the Emperor of Allemaine.
She sang so beautifully that you have never in all your life heard anything like it.
So one night, after the shoemaker had left the pieces of leather on the bench, he and his wife hid themselves behind a curtain, and left a light in the room.
So the little brown Mouse was the little Red Man's servant, and every day he made the little Red Man's bed and swept the little Red Man's room and cooked the little Red Man's broth.
THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER Once upon a time there was an honest shoemaker, who was very poor.
The Whale was so pleased with the compliment that he said, "Yes," at once.
The Wind was whimpering, and begging to be set free.
The camp stood on a mountain on the one side, and the Philistines stood on a mountain on the other side; and there was a valley between.
The children took things out of the basket and began to play with the Little Fir Tree, just as he had often begged the wind and the snow and the birds to do.
The giant drank that up while it was boiling.
The great harp recognised its master's voice, and leaped from the wall.
The king was sad to hear this, but he rejoiced in the friendship of the fairy for his son.
The little boy had grown quick to read these signs of distress, and he thought, "Christmas will be here soon, and dear mother is thinking of what a sad time it will be."
The old Alligator, underneath his fig pile, thought,-- "Bother the suspicious little Jackal!
Then I can understand in a jiffy.
Then he and his rulers did a wicked thing.
Then he pulled up a little radish plant and a tiny beet.
Then some pretty ladies, with white caps on their heads and white aprons over their blue dresses, came bringing little parcels.
Then the Little Fir Tree looked up, and called,-- "Oh, please, dear wind, come down and play with me!"
Thin she betho't hersel', An' tuk her schissors out, An' shnipped a big hole in the bag, So she could look about.
This time it was a most beautiful young girl, named Zelia; the prince saw her, and loved her so much that he wanted at once to make her his queen.
This was what they were saying:-- "You are the biggest thing on the land, Brother Elephant," said the Whale, "and I am the biggest thing in the sea; if we join together we can rule all the animals in the world, and have our way about everything."
Two of the pretty ladies were with them.
When Margaret was a tiny baby, her father and mother died, and she was adopted by two young people as poor and as kind as her own parents.
laughed the lazy man, as he passed his friend.
said the little Half-Chick.
said the little grey Nightingale.
says she, "ye don't have me; Ye may as well go home."
