"And were these shells the cause of the tears?"
"Dear, how savoury it smells!
"God bless him--that's right.
"He that would live in peace and rest, Must hear, and see, and say the best."
"I shall say nothing about you, I promise you," said Frederick, with a look of contempt.
"I'm beginning to be exceeding tired or sick or something," said Hal; "and as there is a stand of coaches somewhere hereabouts, had not we better take a coach, instead of walking all the way to Bristol?"
"It can't be helped," said Susan, with a sigh.
"Mr. Ripley, rose-colour; helmet.
"Nor I, either," said the time serving Fisher, sidling up to the manager, and picking the ice off a piece of plum-cake, "nor I either; I hate puns.
"Oh, that would not comfort me at all," said Rosamond; "besides, we are not sure that she did it, and if--"  A single knock at the door was heard at this instant.
"Pugh--never mind your breath."
"Should you know any one of your pieces of wood again if you were to see them?"
"This is so like you--but I'm sorry that Miss Bab must keep your guinea-hen.
"To be sure I may, madam," said Frederick, colouring from that species of emotion which is justly called false shame, and which often conquers real shame; "to be sure, ma'am, I may do as I please."
"We did not hear you call," answered one.
"Well, that's the last thing in the world I should have expected!
"What good can any lamb do?
"Your son," concluded he, "will quickly put off his dirty dress.
A gloom overspread Tarlton's brow when he began to speak on the subject, and he always returned a peremptory refusal, accompanied with some such taunting expression as this--"I wish we had nothing to do with such a sneaking fellow; he'll betray us all, I see, before we have done with him."
All eyes were fixed upon the wreck.
All were fixed in delighted attention; and when the music ceased, the silence for some moments continued.
As she was sitting at the window in the morning, exerting herself to entertain Louisa, she heard the voice of an old peddler who often used to come to the house.
Ben asked what ACCIDENT he meant; and the lad told him that, but a few weeks ago, he had lost the sight of his eye by the stroke of a stone, which reached him as he was passing under the rocks at Clifton unluckily when the workmen were blasting.
Compliance in her seemed natural and graceful; yet notwithstanding the gentleness of her temper, she was in reality more independent than Cecilia.
Dr. Johnson mentions that Addison, while under the tuition of Mr. Shaw, master of the Lichfield Grammar School, led, and successfully conducted, "a plan for BARRING OUT his master.
Enter RORY O'RYAN and another Eton lad, carrying TALBOT in a chair, followed by a crowd of Eton lads.
Farmer Price sat down in his own chair, for he could not read entirely to his satisfaction in any other, and read as follows:-- "MY WORTHY FRIEND,--I am sure you will be glad to hear that I have had good success this night.
Gone!--gone, indeed, in my house!
Hal stepped proudly, and felt as if the eyes of the whole universe were upon his epaulettes, or upon the facings of his uniform; whilst all the time he was considered only as part of a show.
He desires that you'll give me the guinea."
He is a bankrupt in honesty."
He produced a note in her own handwriting, the purport of which was to request her cousin's acceptance of "some DELICATE COLD TURKEY," and to beg she would send her, by the return of the bearer, a little of her cherry-brandy.
He went over to Archer, who, considering him as a partisan deserting from the enemy, received him with open arms, and translated his whole lesson without expressing MUCH contempt for his stupidity.
His copies, in time, surpassed the originals, and Carlo exclaimed, with astonishment:  "Why, Francisco, what an astonishing GENIUS you have for drawing!--Absolutely you draw plans better than my father!"
I hope--I am sure I never shall."
I never heard of such a thing--to make a STRONG BOX of a tobacco-box.
I saw one hanging out of a shop the day I went last to Dunstable."
I suppose I'm to be given up as a ringleader.
I've got the tailor's bag full, which is three times as large as yours, and I've changed clothes with the tailor's boy; so nobody took notice of me as I came down the street."
If you desire me to be your manager, you shall see what a theatre I will make for you.
It was Saturday night when he finished, and he carried, at three journeys, his eighteen mats to his mistress' house; piled them all up in the hall, and stood with his hat off, with a look of proud humility, beside the pile, waiting for his mistress' appearance.
Mr. Pembroke came; and as soon as he heard what had happened, he desired the waiter to show him to the room where his servant was at supper.
Mr. Talbot, Lord John thanks you.
Nor were the bumpers of port the only unlawful rewards which Felix received:  his aunt, the cook, had occasion for his assistance, and she had many delicious douceurs in her gift.
Now, brother, read the newspaper like Counsellor Puff.
Now, the message which Grant really sent about the Brobdingnag raspberries was somewhat different from that which Mr. Oakly received.
Obedience, it seems, is necessary, even from rebels to their ringleaders; not reasonable, but implicit obedience.
Rory (rubbing his hands).
She came in smiling, and soon made the old woman smile, too, by praising the neatness of everything in the house.
She saw that she gained no belief, as her character was not known to this man, or to any of those who were present.
She was "delighted" they were come, and "grieved" not to see Miss Sophy along with them.
Susan sat down upon the bank in silent sorrow; her little brothers ran up to the butcher, and demanded whether he was going to DO ANY HARM to the lamb.
Take it; for it has made me sick, and I don't care what becomes of it."
The answer which Oakly's wife brought to him was that Mr. Grant had not a raspberry-plant in the world to give him, and that if he had ever so many, he would not give one away, except to his own son.
The baker had scarcely finished speaking when Francisco, who was standing watching at the door, exclaimed, "Here comes Piedro!
The boy's mad, or drunk."
The company, who were all pleased with each other, and with the gardener's good fruit, which he produced in great abundance, did not think of separating till late.
The day of the florist's feast arrived, and Oakly went with his son and the fine tulip to the place of meeting.
The poor boy had no ambition to partake the triumph; he FELL BACK as soon as he understood the meaning of the lady's words.
The servant came with his mistress' compliments, to let the young ladies and Mr. Frederick know that she was waiting tea for them.
The walk appeared much shorter than usual, and he was extremely sorry that Lady Diana, when they were half-way up the hill leading to Prince's Place, mounted her horse, because the road was dirty, and all the gentlemen and ladies who accompanied her followed her example.
Their parents grasped their little hands closer, and cried, "Thank God!
They crowded round Jem to hear the story.
To which the carpenter readily assented, and added, that "gentlemen of spirit never looked to the EXPENSE, but always to the EFFECT."
Townsend, delighted with the bustle, rubbed his hands, and capered about the room, whilst the preparations for the feast were hurried forward.
You are very good, miss; very good.
You can do very well without me.
You will carry this letter to my sister, Mrs. Churchill, in Queen's Square.
Your name shall not appear in it at all.
and how shall I make my appearance at the Montem, or any WARE else?
cried everybody, eagerly.
is there anything strange in that?"
said Mr. Case, forgetting his own principles.
why, what put that into your head?"
