"Certainly I could have none.
"Marianne," cried her sister, "how can you say so?
"Oftentimes very convenient, no doubt, but never pleasing.
"Shall you be in town this winter, Miss Dashwood?"
"That may be, and I may have seen him fifty times, but without having any idea of his name.
"They are up stairs with my sister:  they will be down in a few moments, I dare say," had been Anne's reply, in all the confusion that was natural; and if the child had not called her to come and do something for him, she would have been out of the room the next moment, and released Captain Wentworth as well as herself.
"Well, but Miss Dashwood," speaking triumphantly, "people may say what they chuse about Mr. Ferrars's declaring he would not have Lucy, for it is no such thing I can tell you; and it is quite a shame for such ill-natured reports to be spread abroad.
"Yes, papa; we have something to read you, something quite fresh.
"You take up an idea, Mrs. Weston, and run away with it; as you have many a time reproached me with doing.
-- "I mean,"--said he, with serious energy--"if I can, to make you hate me one degree less than you do NOW.
-- hesitatingly it was said.--"Or will it be wrong?--I can talk of it now, I hope, as I ought to do."
A blush overspread Anne's cheeks.
A woman is not to marry a man merely because she is asked, or because he is attached to her, and can write a tolerable letter."
After another short silence-- "Pray," said Mrs Smith, "is Mr Elliot aware of your acquaintance with me?
And having gone through what immediately followed of the basis of their disagreement, and his persisting to act in direct opposition to Jane Fairfax's sense of right, he made a fuller pause to say, "This is very bad.--He had induced her to place herself, for his sake, in a situation of extreme difficulty and uneasiness, and it should have been his first object to prevent her from suffering unnecessarily.--She must have had much more to contend with, in carrying on the correspondence, than he could.
But there are other points to be considered besides his inclination.
But, I confess, it would give me great pleasure to call Colonel Brandon brother.
Do you mean with regard to this letter?"
Elinor grew impatient for some tidings of Edward.
Emma hoped it must rapidly work Harriet's cure; but the sensations which could prompt such behaviour sunk them both very much.--It was not to be doubted that poor Harriet's attachment had been an offering to conjugal unreserve, and her own share in the story, under a colouring the least favourable to her and the most soothing to him, had in all likelihood been given also.
Frederick Wentworth had used such words, or something like them, but without an idea that they would be carried round to her.
Had he said any thing to bear a different construction, I should not have believed him."
Had you not been surrounded by other friends, I might have been tempted to introduce a subject, to ask questions, to speak more openly than might have been strictly correct.--I feel that I should certainly have been impertinent."
He agreed to it, but with so quiet a "Yes," as inclined her almost to doubt his real concurrence; and yet there must be a very distinct sort of elegance for the fashionable world, if Jane Fairfax could be thought only ordinarily gifted with it.
He approached, and addressing himself rather to Elinor than Marianne, as if wishing to avoid her eye, and determined not to observe her attitude, inquired in a hurried manner after Mrs. Dashwood, and asked how long they had been in town.
He had an affectionate heart.
He stopt a moment for recollection, and then, with another sigh, went on.
He told me it was to be a great secret; and, therefore, I should not think of mentioning it to any body but you, but he said you knew it."
He would look for her, he would find her out before the evening were over, and at present, perhaps, it was as well to be asunder.
I am sure, Anne, if you would, you might persuade him that I really am very ill--a great deal worse than I ever own."
I could change my shoes, you know, the moment I got home; and it is not the sort of thing that gives me cold."
I did not even know, till I understood his design, that the living was vacant; nor had it ever occurred to me that he might have had such a living in his gift.
I really must talk to him about purchasing a donkey.
I told you he was plain."
I trust, at least, that you do not think Mr. Knightley looking ill," turning her eyes with affectionate anxiety towards her husband.
If, indeed, it could be restored to our poor little boy--" "Why, to be sure," said her husband, very gravely, "that would make great difference.
In marrying a man indifferent to me, all risk would have been incurred, and all duty violated."
In such cases my interference was giving you two bad feelings instead of one."
Instead of falling a sacrifice to an irresistible passion, as once she had fondly flattered herself with expecting,--instead of remaining even for ever with her mother, and finding her only pleasures in retirement and study, as afterwards in her more calm and sober judgment she had determined on,-- she found herself at nineteen, submitting to new attachments, entering on new duties, placed in a new home, a wife, the mistress of a family, and the patroness of a village.
Is he not a man of honour and feeling?
It did assist; for though he began with grave looks and short questions, he was soon led on to talk of them all in the usual way, and to take the child out of her arms with all the unceremoniousness of perfect amity.
It is just what I used to say to a certain gentleman in company in the days of courtship, when, because things did not go quite right, did not proceed with all the rapidity which suited his feelings, he was apt to be in despair, and exclaim that he was sure at this rate it would be _May_ before Hymen's saffron robe would be put on for us.
It may be only the hair of some great uncle of HIS."
It was, indeed, a highly prized letter.
It would have surprised Anne if Louisa could have readily answered such a speech:  words of such interest, spoken with such serious warmth!
Mary exclaimed, "Bless me!
Mr Elliot would do nothing, and she could do nothing herself, equally disabled from personal exertion by her state of bodily weakness, and from employing others by her want of money.
Mr. Dashwood had wished for it more for the sake of his wife and daughters than for himself or his son;--but to his son, and his son's son, a child of four years old, it was secured, in such a way, as to leave to himself no power of providing for those who were most dear to him, and who most needed a provision by any charge on the estate, or by any sale of its valuable woods.
Mr. Woodhouse agreed to it all, but added, "Our little friend Harriet Smith, however, is just such another pretty kind of young person.
No invitation came amiss to her.
One wonders how the names of many of our nobility become so common."
She hardly knew what to say.
She has abilities, however, as well as affections; and it is now a doubtful point whether his cunning, or hers, may finally carry the day; whether, after preventing her from being the wife of Sir Walter, he may not be wheedled and caressed at last into making her the wife of Sir William.
She questioned him as to the society in Yorkshire-- the extent of the neighbourhood about Enscombe, and the sort; and could make out from his answers that, as far as Enscombe was concerned, there was very little going on, that their visitings were among a range of great families, none very near; and that even when days were fixed, and invitations accepted, it was an even chance that Mrs. Churchill were not in health and spirits for going; that they made a point of visiting no fresh person; and that, though he had his separate engagements, it was not without difficulty, without considerable address _at_ _times_, that he could get away, or introduce an acquaintance for a night.
She was not so materially cast down, however, but that a little time and the return of Harriet were very adequate restoratives.
The beginning, however, of every visit displayed none but the properest feelings, and this being of necessity so short might be hoped to pass away in unsullied cordiality.
The day approached, the day arrived; and after a morning of some anxious watching, Frank Churchill, in all the certainty of his own self, reached Randalls before dinner, and every thing was safe.
The very thing that we have always been rather afraid of; for we should not have liked to have her at such a distance from us, for months together--not able to come if any thing was to happen.
The weather soon improved enough for those to move who must move; and Mr. Woodhouse having, as usual, tried to persuade his daughter to stay behind with all her children, was obliged to see the whole party set off, and return to his lamentations over the destiny of poor Isabella;--which poor Isabella, passing her life with those she doated on, full of their merits, blind to their faults, and always innocently busy, might have been a model of right feminine happiness.
Their subjects in general were such as belong to an opening acquaintance.
There could be no doubt of his great pleasure in seeing her.
There is always some talent in it.
They will stay a good while when they do come, and he will be half his time with us.
Very, very happy were both Elizabeth and Anne Elliot as they walked in.
We asked him to come home with us for a day or two:  Charles undertook to give him some shooting, and he seemed quite delighted, and, for my part, I thought it was all settled; when behold!
Well, I wish him out of all his trouble with all my heart, and a good wife into the bargain."
Were she a woman of fortune, I would leave every harmless absurdity to take its chance, I would not quarrel with you for any liberties of manner.
What are Harriet Smith's claims, either of birth, nature or education, to any connexion higher than Robert Martin?
When he questioned, Sir Walter and Elizabeth began to question also, but the difference in their manner of doing it could not be unfelt.
Where the wound had been given, there must the cure be found if anywhere; and Emma felt that, till she saw her in the way of cure, there could be no true peace for herself.
While Captains Wentworth and Harville led the talk on one side of the room, and by recurring to former days, supplied anecdotes in abundance to occupy and entertain the others, it fell to Anne's lot to be placed rather apart with Captain Benwick; and a very good impulse of her nature obliged her to begin an acquaintance with him.
While they were at breakfast the letters were brought in.
Yes, I have one other comfort in his picture, but poor Edward has not even THAT.
Yet, in spite of all this, Anne had reason to believe that she had moments only of languor and depression, to hours of occupation and enjoyment.
You had better come earlier another time, because we are generally out by one.
Your home, country, friends, all quitted.
and once Henry asked me for a knife, but I told him knives were only made for grandpapas.
said she, in a low and disappointed voice, as she turned away to the window.
to which his prompt reply was, "Most readily, Mrs. Weston, if you will dance with me."
