The darkness finally started to give way to sunlight and the demons disappeared into the desert.
Not long, but we cant stop.
His face looked like a mask with eyes as dark as coal.
I stood on the platform and saw the train was filled with my loved ones who had already passed on.
The song never fails to bring happiness to my face.
We took a few minutes to rest and collect ourselves.
com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.
The Gunslinger handed me a ticket and told me to get on the train.
I held my torch out and swung it at the demon causing it to back up briefly.
It will be okay](https://www.
Im not here to show you how your life could be if you made better choices.
It is, The Gunslinger said.
The Gunslinger reloaded his guns and yelled Make a torch using the fire.
In silence we kept walking the sandy desert in the scorching hot sun.
We walked for what felt like days.
When I heard the lyrics a calmness started to pass over me.
I stood their useless watching them approach.
Those things last night, the demons, I began to ask.
Were not in your world anymore, son.
com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.
This world has demons and youre lucky I found you before they did.
said the man in black who was now sitting on the sand cleaning his guns.
Time to get moving,  the man in black said.
The Gunslinger would occasionally fire into the darkness to scare them back a bit but it would only last a few minutes before they started moving closer again.
I have always hated spiders and I was happy to see this giant spider demon dead.
I swear we passed the same cactus and boulder a dozen times.
The hole I dug myself in was just too deep to climb out of.
I walked this path alone when I first died and I make sure nobody else has to.
All Aboard, the conductor said as the train doors opened.
Is that where the song is coming from?
We got a train to catch, He said.
Did you say were not in my world?
That aint no life at all.
He stared down at me and in a deep gravelly voice said Lets go and started walking across the endless desert.
I stood next to The Gunslinger as the train to pull into the station.
The song in my head became louder [Come Aboard the Train.
I asked finally sitting down to rest my legs, In the middle of the desert?Isnt there a hotel or at least a tent we can sleep in?
This aint no Disney movie kid.
A few made it past his bullets and ran towards us to attack.
I asked looking out across the desert seeing nothing but what looked like the same cactus and boulder up ahead I had seen many times before.
I followed the gunslinger.
If the doctor would have weaned me off instead of cutting me off cold turkey, I never would have had to buy pills on the street.
He said as he started reloading his guns.
Roland, The Gunslinger said.
I would still be married to my wife.
***  I woke up to the crack of gunshots for a second time.
I could wake up and be alive again?
If one small thing could have been different.
We continued to walk in silence and I thought more about life.
Then I never would have bought heroin.
It will be okay](https://www.
He is what I would imagine having been the last gunslinger from the old west.
After what could have been hours or minutes, time is weird on that side, they attacked all at once.
Suddenly everything felt real.
Well camp here for the night.
That is your final destination.
Life isnt for everyone partner.
He was standing up front waiting for me to join him.
I would still have a job.
I asked but The Gunslinger ignored my question.
He spun in all directions hitting anything that moved close enough to see in the firelight.
The Gunslinger was already building a fire.
The gunshots and fire should keep them back, but if they decide to attack there isnt much we can do.
I laid down and quickly fell asleep.
My job was to get you here.
I wasnt always like this.
The ghost train leaves with or without you, he said.
The happiness I felt at that moment can not be described or experienced here among the living.
He is going to give me a heart attack.
I tried to ask the man in black where we were but he ignored me.
I could not help but weep.
Where the fuck am I?I looked all around and saw nothing but sun and sand in all directions.
I looked closer and the demon looked like a giant diseased spider, larger than most dogs.
Thank you for everything, I said to the Man in Black.
My eyes finally adjusted to the pitch black darkness; I could see sets of red eyes watching us from every direction.
Maybe when I wake up Ill be back in bed and this weird dream will be over.
How much longer do we have?I asked.
What kind of high is this?The sun was almost to the horizon as daylight became dusk when the man in black finally decided to stop.
Thats enough palaver for tonight.
I was just happy to have survived their attack.
He has got to stop doing that.
The Gunslinger moved back closer to the fire and unleashed hell with his guns taking out one after the other.
I would still get to see my kids every day.
When I opened my eyes, I was no longer on my bed but laying in the desert sand.
If things had been a little different who knows what could have been.
The man was dressed in black, wearing a black trenchcoat and a black cowboy hat.
com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.
That is the station isnt it?
''I've never heard anything like it, but somehow it made me forget about all the mistakes I had made in my life.
The small hesitation was enough for The Gunslinger to blow their head off splashing their green blood and guts all over me.
Are you some kind of God?
What you do now is up to you.
The man in black slowed down until I was walking beside him and he looked over at me.
Up ahead in the distance, I could see what looked like a building starting to appear.
We shook hands then he turned and walked away back and I stepped onto the train.
Could I change it?Could I survive the withdrawals this time?I have tried to quit countless times but withdrawals are worse than death itself.
I lied, the same lie I have told my ex-wife many times before.
It will be okay](https://www.
I could see the train coming up in the distance and a wave of pure happiness overtook me.
The train doors opened and I was overcome with pure joy.
