Nothing was outside and all the lights were off, but it wasnt dark.
Three hots and a cot is as nice as it sounds.
He tossed the last bit aside and as it went through the floor, He took off his sunglasses and stood up, folding his hand.
Donated lots of my winnings to charity, spent a lot of time playing poker in my garage with a homeless guy that stayed around the curb, picked up trash in parks.
I shouldnt feel guilty, she said.
Mary wouldve been sitting there had I not grabbed her and left when her mother wasnt looking.
She was a successful salesperson at a local insurance agency.
I loved that woman with all of my heart and she despised me.
The jurors came one at a time, at the time their lives were most effected by my actions.
Not sure how long Id been There, but it felt like a while.
My wife left and Mr. Morte did not seem impressed with me.
Nobody is without their flaws though.
Had she survived that, Id have divorced her mom and moved her to Massachusetts.
You can picture my horror when I realized I had both sets of car keys.
Was he Death?I dont know.
He reeked of death, but that son-of-a-bitch knew how to play poker.
Either I had been There a lot longer than expected, or the heat death of the universe happened a lot sooner than we all expected.
Maybe this would be my lucky break.4 jurors: the person Ive hurt the most, the person Ive made the happiest, the person whose life ended through my actions, and the person whose life continued from my actions.
I knew what shed said, but I didnt listen.
The good and the bad were pretty evenly matched.
It was Mary if she had lived past that day.
The outside was more empty than the inside though.
She screamed and cussed in my face.
I got to see her for the six months I was out though.
He got his pilots license and traveled the world.
Id be a fisherman, done with the gambling and tax fraud.
Poker was kind to me and poker was cruel.
Had an extra set of keys so I could keep the car running and the doors locked, with the car in view.
Morte went on to explain that God was fair.
How do you say death in Italian?Morte, I think.
Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
Wed live happily ever after.
The peers werent randomly selected, though.
Pretty easy choice between the two.
Wed only played 10 hands but it felt like years, maybe decades.
She had a drinking problem, so Id go play poker and bring Mary with me.
Not black, just *nothing*.Like what your eyes see in the blind spot.
Prison was just mainly cruel.
A car in the summertime is pretty hot after 3 hours.
He had eyes of steel as he explained to mine what was happening.
He said he spoke with the Big Guy.
Had it not been for her drunken behavior, I wouldnt have been put in that situation.
I went inside to finish my game of poker.
But as coach B always said, on to the next one.
Poker and prison._____________________________________________  As I folded my hand for the fifth time, Death seemed to be enjoying himself.
Global warming, maybe?Mr.
Mr Morte left and returned in what couldve been forever or no time at all.
After I died, he went on to get ordained, he even officiated my funeral.
Mr Morte still seemed skeptical.
When I got to the car it was too late.
Spent a few hours there to stay away from drunken love of my life.
It wasnt the child neglect that gave me 25 in the pen.
She was the one Id cost the most pain.
Those two momentsthose two people changed me more than any other ever could.
If hed had a nationality, I bet itd be Italian.
Committed tax evasion more times than I shouldve, threatened several bartenders lives, not to mention I spent 25 years after Mary was born in a prison.
Every plant and every animal.
She ran a red light and had a driver hit the rear passenger side.
He said I can pick anywhere on earth to spend my eternity.
I reached into my pocket to pull out some spare change.
I spent 25 of 30 behind bars.
No place for me up There.
I didnt care much for poker at that point.
Didnt kill her thankfully.
Heat death of the universe.
Therefore, at the end of time he gave us all a fair and speedy trial in front of a jury of our peers to determine our place through eternity.
Maybe I jumped to conclusions to quickly.
What did surprise me, was that it wasnt the Mary I knew.
Eventually we reached what mustve been our 40th or so round and he finally finished his cigar.
So it came as no surprise when the fourth juror, the one whose life I wasted, was also Mary.
But I still held a lot of hate in my heart.
I met my daughter through the thick, plated glass in the state penitentiary.
They wrote it off as attempted murder rather than self defense.
I had experience being in front of juries, had a lot of experience in prison too so that should tell you something about my experiences with juries.
I couldnt blame her, but that doesnt mean it was all my fault.
He spread the message of Christ through a little game called poker.
Mary didnt want me playing poker anymore.
Guilt finds its way to you after you realize you prevented something really beautiful.
I wasnt perfect, but I didnt want her growing up playing poker, and I wanted her to be safe.
I wasnt surprised when my baby Mary showed up.
The first juror was my wife.
While at the pub, I decided to get a stuffed bear from the claw machine for Mary.
We buried her and my wife couldnt stomach me.
Every Ace and every king.
Lucky for me he didnt know I had nothing but a high card of 8.Nonetheless I was relieved we were done playing.
I stayed with her at the pub and put her in the back seat of my car.
I met my wife in Vegas after I won a high stakes Texas Hold Em bout.
No place for be down below.
He told me I was the only person to ever show him love in his long and fulfilling life.
Juror number two was Nate, the homeless guy I played poker with.
Every proton and every quark.
Well I only knew two things, poker and prison.
We sat in an empty casino.
My wife came at me with a knife 3 days after the funeral, and I put 3 rounds in her.
I tried to ask him how long or why we were There, but he had a pretty good poker face and a mouth that didnt move for anything but his cigar.
She said that things were going to look better.
I knew shed be safe there.
I saved her from her mothers drunk driving incident.
The third juror was the persons life I saved.
Drifted away in my sleep before the last five.
