Hermione asked 'If Mistress is sure then Kreacher will take her to the bad island' Kreacher replied, slightly gleefully.
The package was for him, he loved getting parcels.
She was right, he had no way off the Island without Kreacher.
Moving fairly quickly but not quick enough to draw attention to himself, Regulus moved through the streets of London.
The fact that you have received the package I left with him for you, shows that he is alive, and trustworthy.
He was much closer to the ground He had wings.
This would obviously become more and more useless, the more things that her plan changed, but it was a start.
Looking back at the cave she needed to find out how far she had to go into the mouth of the cave before she was able see the small raised island within.
She would have a better life, she hoped, her friends would too if she had anything to do with it.
There was a comfortable looking sofa across the room form his, he made his way over.
'I am sure, thank you Kreacher" she wasn't really sure of anything anymore, but she had come too far to turn back now Kreacher grabbed her outstretched hand and whisked her away in the blink of an eye.
He had taken the time to go through everything that Hermione had left him in such detail he could probably recite the timeline of events which took place during the first and second waves of the war without looking at any of Hermione's notes.
This was all too much, 12 years in Azkaban.
When visiting the Potter vault for the last time she had seen a large stack of currently out of circulation Muggle paper money, nearly £2000 worth, which was a stroke of luck too.
There still slightly dazed looking from what he could only assume to be port key travel was his older brother.
Putting her wand through her tied up hair, she grabbed her beaded bag and some flow powder and disappeared through the fireplace in her quarters.
He had never understood muggle money, he never really had much cause to deal with it, and it felt so foreign to him.
Having found out what you did about him and his horcrux, if you made it out of the cave alive by some miracle, I don't think you would have been able to continue on as one of his loyal followers do you?
He would have to wait, not that he had much choice.
And wondered why she had not thought to clean the cupboard out before now.
