Daphne turned her head around, with teary eyes, and Harry gave her a deep, passionate kiss.
"I guess Snape still has Tracey locked?"
"Well, not everyone has your patience."
It was especially useful during boring classes, or when her mother chastised her, that was not very often, Ginny's grades were the best of her family ever since Bill had left the school, as she was pretty good at hiding her little adventures.
"Damn…" Rose rolled her eyes before asking.
Fleur said, and both girls flushed, feeling a little ashamed.
"I… I am sorry Susan…" The Veela said at last.
"Please Sue… pleeeeaase…" Harry half said, half moaned.
Hermione's heart jumped, it was him.
"Well, as you must have noticed, his mind is not exactly running at full speed…" Daphne said.
Malfoy understood the need for canon folder, but she didn't want to associate herself with the scum.
Minerva called and the young boy walked in.
"Shouldn't you be at school?"
The place was richly decorated, with furniture and art pieces from all over the magical world, and it was always prestine cleaned, almost like no one lived there, which contributed to its weirdness.
The smiling Potter that was walking up front, talking to her whore veela friend and the frigid Greengrass first born, behind them, the weird double of the man Snape hated the most in her life, his arms taken by the flushed "Lady" Bones, who was being teased about something by the blond half blood and the chubby friend, while the young Longbottom rolled his eyes.
"You are hurting him Susan…" Fleur's voice became soft and calm.
She deliberately ignored Babs muttering "Lawful Evil", gave the Headmaster a little bow and walked away.
Suddenly her view of the girls was blocked by a very angry looking professor Mcgonagall, and Tracey knew they were in trouble, but she didn't care at all.
"You are good, kid, really good.
The group started walking back to the building as lunch time approached, Rose had the now familiar feeling of loss as she had to let Harry's hand go and knew he felt the same.
