She replied as she dropped the books on the table, a frustrated sigh escaping her lips.
"I'll meet you where… we always do."
Ron whispered, he might be dense, but this was too convenient for even him to not notice.
"Rrrr…" She growled to herself, adding with an exasperated whisper, "That silly boy!
She saw him shrug, stating with nonchalance, "You're still Delacour to me."
The most obvious reason would be something that has to do with the tournament's first task, which is set to take place in two weeks.
Without even waiting for an answer, the elder female rushed away, disappearing into the crowd moments after.
Harry shook his head gently, replying, "No, that's not it…" Relaxing himself somewhat, he inhaled before he continued, "I just, umm, I never really thought how me being in fourth year, would affect in the tournament."
For the past two weeks, after being selected Hogwarts' Champion, the boy had spent almost all of his days cornered in the library, reading all kinds of books that Hermione brought to him.
But, unless Maxime knew what the task was, and was willing to break the rules to inform her about - something that would honestly not surprise Fleur at all, as cheating was fairly common - then, there wasn't something that the blonde witch could think of.
A feminine voice was heard from within the room moments after.
Harry was NOT having a good time, at all.
Nodding, Harry absolutely agreed to that statement.
His simple answer, was enough for Fleur to widened her eyes slightly.
Shaking her head, Fleur decided to make her exit, "Will you cover me?"
What really caught his eye, was that fantastic elegance the woman held, an elegance that only a confident woman could carry.
Fleur might be usually reserved, but the girl could be as feisty as anyone, as previous incidents have shown her when someone said or did something that angered the Delacour heiress, "I merely wanted to speak to you about your… 'relationship'… with Mr Potter."
Ron felt a little weirded out when Hermione stared at him blankly for some moments, before she smiled at him genuinely, stating rather surprised, "Well, well, Ronald, that's quite insightful and mature of you."
Something that Ron, must certainly did not shared.
If it gave her a little bit of tranquility, then Harry will go along with her plan.
