Though telling Ginny might solve a good number of his problems - and make him something of a wanker.
The match is certainly theirs.
"Look, Hermione," he pauses and sighs, "the two of you are my best mates and it's difficult watching you angsting around instead of talking and, you know, sorting things out."
Later, when he says goodbye to Hermione in the Common Room, Harry climbs the stairs to his dorm feeling bereft, opens the door and readies himself for another blow.
Ginny teases, but she nudges him with her toes, "All seriousness, I'm not sure the Hogwarts student body could handle ruggedly handsome Harry James Potter."
Harry's feet find the fresh cut grass as he ruffles his hair in a nervous gesture that must be hereditary.
He's about to make peace with those thoughts when Ron's face blanches and he stops dead in his tracks.
"No, mate, you're absolutely mad.
He agrees with a quiet nod and mounts his broom, skating across the sky as the sun dips toward the horizon.
Harry has to squint to understand what's prompted Ron's reaction and for a moment he fears Viktor Krum's back to kiss Hermione, tired of waiting for Ron to finally gather his courage and do it.
"Riddle, he - he does what he wants, when he wants, and you're one of the far too few people who've recognized him for what he is and done something about it.
Later, alone in his bed, covers pulled up over his head, he'd have time to think about how he'd tear Dean limb from limb for kissing Ginny like that - or for kissing her at all.
Like that, but with magic."
While he considers some new tactics to implement - on the field and in a more mental preparation type way - Harry finds he doesn't feel the need to drop his eyes from Ginny's.
Dean describing to Seamus the progress he's making with Ginny.
Of course, Seamus' enthusiasm level lowers as soon as his eyes lock with Harry's, but he's starting to get used to it by now.
"Yeah, noticed that much."
Such as why isn't Ginny at the party, is she alright, what did that berk do to her and also why is that slimy git Malfoy sneaking in?
Ginny laughs and wanders closer as Harry pushes himself into a sitting position and muses, "He'd probably be more disappointed I've let the Gryffindor team fall into such a state."
"I think - well I suppose the first thing I should like to address is the fact that none of this is ever your fault, Harry."
