To their relief, the only remotely bad thing that happened was that one regrettable time Hermione decided to play dentist on her teddy bear and cried bloody murder when the plaster wouldn't come off its fur.
"Right, we got that part," Bert inserted.
Dr. Granger, your daughter, Hermione, is a witch."
Mary was at a complete loss as to what to do.
Professor McGonagall certainly hadn't anticipated that.
She also needed some more time with them to learn their new emotional habits.
Her napsack was the only giveaway she was still crying - it was jiggling up and down with her sobs.
The Grangers awoke to the sound of birds singing and the soft light of the sun streaming through the canvas tent.
First of all, the Grangers nearly didn't even make it to their camp site.
Professor McGonagall waved her wand once more.
She almost preferred bonding over academics with her parents rather than any emotional things.
The bottom 3 shelves were a carousel of her favorite books which changed from moment to moment.
The Grangers had set aside an old exam room as Hermione's "work office" when she wasn't at the library, but there were, unfortunately, no windows.
Bert and Hermione would prepare a modest dinner and chat about what new fact Hermione had learned herself that day.
As Bert unzipped the tent, he was startled at the scene laid out before him: the campsite was completely unrecognizable.
I have explained this to many Muggle families, more than I can count, and I have developed a sort of system to explain things as precisely and succinctly as possible to limit the questions.
"Evanesco," she said and the vase Bert had been holding vanished into thin air.
"Well, I for one do not want to be a walking mud man again.
She stared at the wall, trying desperately to think of something that would calm her down but nothing came.
On the front of the envelope, Hermione read the words gracefully scripted in a deep, emerald green ink: Miss Hermione Jean Granger Back Bedroom 14 Shilling Street Lavenham, Sudbury CO10 9RD She carefully ran her finger under the flap and did her best to keep the wax seal in tact.
