That would have been easy.
They lifted their glasses to sip.
He sustained a low murmur that the four of them ignored.
He had paced around the hall as he did this room surveying the wreckage.
So Lupin told Peter who he knew also loved Philippa and could be trusted and could fit into small places.
She wanted to laugh and cry at the same time because of the thought.
Frankly she had seen stranger things and some part of her just believed that her desire to be around magic must be matched by his apparent need to live like a muggle hobo.
Exasperated Philippa looked over at Dorcas her expression saying, why doesn't he get it?
Dorcas looked at them, Emmeline's eyebrows raised in inquisition.
The man asked for more tea and while she had not seen this man take a sip, the cup was empty before she reflexively moved to get more.
She witnessed a man lose consciousness, his coat collar squeezing at his neck, blocking his inability to say the counterspell to let him loose.
That she would send a spell flying off and hurt someone that way and she didn't have to because she had not.
Alastor hadn't heard her, on watch as he was.
She squared her hips, laced her keys in her fingers and, if necessary, she would stand at her own door and knock, call up to someone who wasn't there and turn around as she had rehearsed in her mind, two times, nine times, thirty times, a hundred times until it looped on itself, tying into a knot.
What business did this nameless nobody have in this fight in the first place?
She could have cast a spell to reveal anyone else's presence but used the time to steady herself.
That was when it started.
In his bedroom she turned her back and with another wave he was changed into fresh pajamas and tucked in bed all of this in a matter of minutes.
And when they were much older and Tulip had told her, don't trust any of us, not even me, unless they know your real name Petal understood in a deep place and it made her sick to think that there would ever be a need for those names to be referenced and especially in this way.
Lupin didn't either, sleeping as he was.
