Lily laughed and told him about the Hogwarts admittance book and quill, and their unique magic to register any and all magical children who are eligible to join Hogwarts .
"looks like you met up with your father there, I remember when he told me how Potters gain their inheritance. "
We are preparing for party downstairs.
Seeing them coming out Barnog raised a eyebrow at their appearance, they just shuggered at the look they were eceiving from him.
And yes I am infact free now, do you wish for something dear? "
They talked about past days and their current life for a while, before Horace decided to leave.
As soon as Harry got sight of his pet snake he smiled remembering the day when he first met her and learned of his parsel abilities.
Horace was very willing to her suggestion, and they both returned back to her room and continued on where they left off.
Lilly screamed while taking a breathe. "
There Harry got the taste of his grandmother's and many times great grandmother's pussy and arse.
"She pointed to the young girl's dress, with a wave of her wand it changed into a revealing dress,"Much better" Lily looked at her new attire and was amazed with how good she was looking.
Harry giving into his temptation jumped on bed and started sucking on her boobs and plungged his cock in her gushing cunt.
Seeing the young witch nod and looking around with lust in her eyes she continued, " You are able to accept it so easily because you are a witch yourself, others... find it hard to belive sometimes even more than magic, sweaing is also very common and it would be better if you start using words such as pussy and cock.
Lastly it was Harry's turn, after trying many wands he finally found his wand 11" holly with phoenix tail feather covered with a female thestral's cum.
Minerva showed her some key shops of the diagon alley in case she came back here.
We await your owl by no later than31 July.
Harry wanted to protest but the rumbling of his stomach stopped him.
Lily just stood there watching, understanding from the look on her son's face that Emeralda was angry with them, after years of seeing them bicker it was easy for her to read them.
Before he could leave though Antioch whose ass Harry was currently fucking purred in his ear "remember Harry no wand is unbeatable or could just change their alligence from one to another , it waits till it's true wielder could gain it. "
Without furthur delay Harry went behind his mum and lowered the upper part of her dress and started pinching her pink nipples with one hand, while his other went downwards to her pussy.
