"Oh yes how forgetful of me, your timetables.
All the commotion of the hall seemingly ground to a halt for James, his family owl continued its descent to the end of the Slytherin table, right where his friends were now sitting down with Sirius and Severus eyeing him with concern and suspicion respectively.
Before coming to Hogwarts, James hadn't interacted with anyone his age, his elderly parents rarely left Potter Manor and so he did not spend a lot of his childhood with others.
Seeing her again couldn't have gone much worse, James thought to himself, he couldn't understand why but he felt compelled to spend time with her.
"I'm not dead yet, but when my parents get there hands on me it may be another story" the air in the room seemed to get a little colder.
Instead of replying Sirius threw a small snowball at Ophelia, catching her off guard.
Today we shall be studying Acromantulas, there's rumours of a colony somewhere in Scotland so it's best to be prepared and know what to look for" the professor stopped mid sentence as she fixed her gaze on James" mister Potter, what is the incantation for the spider repelling spell" "I don't know professor" James was confused, why had she singled him out?
The Slytherins remained silent until a few moments after the entrance was once more sealed.
Sirius replied with his usual smirk, he was probably the only one who seemed to be coping well with recent events much to the annoyance of others who mistook his relaxed attitude for a lack of care.
I ask you trust your fellow students rather that doubt them and together we can move on from this event " the headmaster paused once again, James took the opportunity to look around at his fellow Slytherins, gauging their reactions.
For the rest of the day the Slytherins were much more reserved, relaxing quietly rather than playing outside.
Slughorn fixed his gaze on Nathaniel in particular.
Love, Father Any flicker of hope that the situation could still be salvaged died within James, it was clear that by other houses his father was referring to Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw.
His expression was stern, borderline angry and this carried onto his voice when he finally addressed them "yes, Augustus Nott has disappeared and there has been a threat made against the So called Pureblood students of this school" Dumbledore paused and once more looked round, as if to challenge another student to voice there feelings "but at this time we must not divide ourselves further by giving in to cowardly acts of revenge.
"Hmm, maybe we should leave you inbreds alone.
Ah I believe that's them now" Slughorn replied.
"Blood traitors think they're too good for slytherin, you're going to have to tell them aren't you" Sirius was sympathetic but the angry undertone could not be missed.
At first he was confused, his mind still focused on the Gryffindor redhead, but then he realised Sirius was talking about the comments that Frank had made.
Fear welled up inside him as he willed his body to move forward.
We must not let this-" any further ranting was stopped by the sudden opening of the slytherin common room.
