The minister replied,' It has come to my attention that you have sealed away the adoption form of Harry Potter... May I enquire as to why?'
Albus smiled slightly as he remembered Harry stating that he was going to grow his hair long too, "though not too long."
Eventually Ollivander told the tape measure to stop, which Harry then realised was measuring on its own.
'I'll never get that right.'
This meant Harry would be attending Hogwarts with a fair grounding in the theory behind the magic he would be learning, as well as the history of the wizarding world and also different potions.
Albus decided to write a letter to Petunia Dursley to inform her that he would, hopefully, be picking Harry up within the week.
'The whereabouts of Harry Potter is known only to me, for his protection.'
He hugged Harry again and little did the other know, they shared the same thought.
There, he saw Albus' hand covering his own and Albus' resting next it, in the bed.
For the past eleven years we have been fighting the dark forces that have been led by a wizard named, Lord Voldemort.
While he did this, he explained that every Ollivander wand had a core of a powerful magical substance.
It was Dumbledore who told Harry how wizards age and how old he, Dumbledore was.
Unfortunately this was not what they always needed.
It wasn't until Albus was halfway through Ward Against The Dark Forces, that he realised he may be going about it the wrong way.
However, after the events a couple of weeks ago, he realised that maybe he hadn't made the right choice.
He opened the window and the owl flew straight to Petunia Dursley who had just woken up.
An owl bearing a ministry sealed letter was on the other side.
My potential creative beta may be willing to do that too but feel free to offer your support if you wish, I don't think it hurts having more than one beta.
Harry just dumbly nodded but made no move to open it.
They quickly bought the pewter cauldron and the potions ingredients at the apothecary's, which was a horrible smelling shop filled with barrels of slimy stuff, jars upon jars of herbs, roots and powders lined up along the walls and many other ingredients.
