Harry didn't call them out on it, too tired from his narrow escape from Snape to care.
'Alright, Mr Potter', Madam Pomfrey said, frowning slightly, 'I'd like you to lie down on the bed and I'll do a scan of your bones and any current injuries'.
'Harry', roared Hagrid in delight, 'Why, I haven't seen yeh outside o' class since last summer.
Snape stalked over to where Harry was sitting, eyes burning with fury as he glared venomously.
'For Goyle that ought to be an outstanding', Ron interjected, doodling the Cannons logo on the edge of his parchment as he spoke.
Abruptly, Harry jumped down off the bed, wincing as a shock-wave of pain ran through his injured leg.
Yet he couldn't seem to clear his mind the way he normally did, instead reliving the events of the previous evening.
Glancing further along the shelves, Harry tried to identify the next vial, which was filled with a bubbling purple liquid and let out dark puffs of smoke every few seconds.
Of all the nights Potter could've chosen to collapse dramatically, why did it have to be when Poppy wasn't there to deal with it?
Otherwise I'll be forced to seek outside help.'
He waited until Hermione emerged from the girls' dorms, and the two left for the Great Hall.
He looked down at the dismal essay before him, quickly scrawled a P at the top, and pulled the next one off the pile in front of him.
Maybe he'd wake up back in the Gryffindor dorms.
They descended into peals of laughter again.
Professor Snape informed me that you collapsed last week, and asked me to perform a full check-up to investigate any possible causes'.
A wave of fury swept through his body as he took in the extent of the abuse Potter had suffered.
You cannot possibly believe that you don't need to see Madam Pomfrey to talk about your eating habits'.
Looking over, he caught sight of a crowd of Slytherins laughing viciously as Malfoy dramatically swooned.
Inclining his head respectfully at the headmaster, Severus settled himself down in the too-comfy armchair in front of Albus' desk, purposefully ignoring the portraits of former headmistresses and headmasters who peered out at him from the walls.
'Honestly Hermione, we've only been back a week.'
