"Please cut a check for two-thousand five-hundred dollars for this man from my account," Claire spoke firmly, Jacques simply smiled as he shrugged, opening the muggle checkbook linked to her account at Gringotts before stunning the employee by asking for the required information and signing all the needed legal documents in her stead.
Tough, part of it could probably have been explained by the fact that he theorized that Hagrid was a half-giant, much like he believed the Beauxbatons Headmistress to be.
Shamefully, Astoria croaked, "I was so afraid.
"I don't need help," Harry snarled a bit louder than he had intended, "Sorry, it's just, everyone's been asking me if I'm okay, I just wish people would leave me alone."
Hagrid nodded with a smile wiping away his tears, "You're a kind boy," He said as Michael felt the pressure of Hagrid's large hand resting upon his head, "But look at me, getting all emotional over things in the past, we have a job to do, after all."
That's your plan, right?"
"But he could die," Claire said, "I mean, I get that you're upset but-" "Relax," Harry replied, "The ministry will have Aurors on hand making sure things don't get too out of control.
I should have taken him away from our infernal home.
Damyan spoke, "If you have the time, could I draw you and then have you sign it.
Your opinions, for the most part, really give me great boosts to my writing confidence or help me grow as an author.
The show was about to begin.
"He's not like you, I understand why he wants to get involved, the Death Eaters tortured his parents to a state worse than death," Harry spoke before letting out a tired sigh, "I just don't want to feel that you're putting your life on the line only because you're my friend."
"Then perhaps you should have thought of that before fighting in the halls," A low grunt echoed through the castle walls.
"Sirius, I must say this information is very detailed," Dumbledore said, "Who is your informant?"
"I guess hearing about the dangers of the competition and being talked down upon by both the French and Bulgarian Champion gave me some jittery energy," Harry said with a slight grin, "I came here to try and work off some of that nervous energy and train.
If Hogwarts truly did cheat, it was most likely to give their real champion, that Diggory boy an advantage by using Potter to throw everyone off.
What is it supposed to look like?"
I loved writing her and Neville's banter as it is so different from the confident chatter between Harry and Daphne.
He unfolded an old paper from the Daily Prophet, "For once the old bat at the Daily Prophet decided to credit everyone that helped during the World Cup attack.
I know there will be people who will review claiming how they wanted Sirius and Remus to throw a fit, but I didn't find any value in degrading their characters by making that happen.
