Yet, it was her voice that made her feel so out of sorts, her very presence that filled her with such conflicting ideas and twisted emotion.
She could hear his irritation in the slap of well-polished shoes against wooden flooring as he picked up his pace to walk at her side.
As the familiar sensation of something flowing over her body-a simple but swiftly done disillusionment charm-broke over her skull and slid down her flesh with a recognizable chill, she came to realize that the man was breathing heavily, his grip more than just firm but impossibly tight on the child.
She wasn't sure where she began and her bed companions ended, all that she knew was that she was between two bodies with… a third semi-curled around her thighs and feet.
So she snarled and paced, like a wild animal, two steps to the left, two steps to the right, as if she could do nothing other than that, while Andromeda huffed in spot.
They were too hungry, too eager.
It's not with blood I'll rule you.
Hermione's thighs, forced open, and away from Bellatrix's waist, twitched.
"Makes sense," Zabini replied, a cocoa colored hand now set to rub lightly at the stubble that covered his still youthful face, "she was bloody brilliant, right?"
Which, at least the Malfoy's suspicious collection of Blood Quills had been good for - "They were originally made for that purpose, though," Luna interrupted her thoughts, almost causing Hermione to jerk and slice through the damn rune she was trying to trace.
Professor McGonagall, who she hadn't seen since she'd been whisked away to her current life.
There, among cushions of silk, rested a horcrux.
"I'm going to bring my finest, Lady Granger.
"They aren't the same, The Order."
Only the echo of rapidly moving bodies and shouts seemed left behind-though such noise filtered in from the lone hallway before them, a hallway that was soon filled with one frazzled wizard… Who only had the chance to look up with a gasp before a blast of green slammed into his person and he fell, no longer a part of their world.
Immediately, Bellatrix yowled, something high-pitched, a simple biological reaction, and the Dark Lord seemed to preen at the sound of it.
Her vision stretched, twisted.
"Thank Helga for small blessings, then."
Pansy swallowed thickly and Hermione idly enjoyed the nervous twitch of her throat, "I'm not kissing up to you, you know.
He turned to Lavender and gestured briefly, "We need to prepare.
