I don't understand what you girls see in that barbaric game" Hermione shook her head "It's fun to play, fun to watch as well" Fay said, defending her beloved sport "It's a complete and utter waste of time" Hermione replied, making her opinion on the subject clear "Yeah, well we like it" Parvati rolled her eyes before turning her attention back to Fay "anyway, in the last match he played in he got the snitch before the other seeker" "Yeah but to if we're being fair then we got to remember that the seeker was injured" Fay pointed out "though to be fair he shouldn't have tried the wronksi feint for the very first time right during the match" "Yeah well..." Lavender started only to be interrupted "Have you girls done your homework?"
Lockhart and Flitwick bowed to each other, they turned and took ten paces away before getting into duelling positions.
The boy fell straight back down after the glass shattered off his forehead.
Harry's head popped in "Mr Potter, we are having a meeting" McGonagall said "So I'm not?
You don't want to be making friends with the wrong sort, I can help you with that" He extended his hand "Hmm" Harry hummed before slowly reaching his hand out "I have no interest in getting to know any families, though I am told it'd be rude to refuse a hand shake.
He had managed to get control over the girl, sadly he had to spend a lot of time listening to the silly little creature babble and go on and on about mean brothers, school and how she had a crush on the boy-who-lived and then saw how he wasn't anything like he expected.
One of which was Binns but that was mostly because he nearly caused Harry to fall asleep and ruin his sleeping pattern.
Delphi brought the defence books but Harry still refused to waste money on it.
Malfoy shouted, Harry dodged and pulled out his own wand, he non-verbally fired four expelliarmus's at a surprising speed and the four Slytherin second years all lost their wands.
"Um...uh...well, apparently they had fought the troll" Padma replied nervously "W...what?"
They collectively gulped as they recalled what happened the last time Harry had come here.
Lockhart smiled "You'll do, you'll do nicely.
It was clear that Harry Potter was going to fight over any choice that wasn't Bellatrix.
The Slytherin's struggled to keep their food in their stomach's as they heard Malfoy's screams echo throughout the common room.
Her mother and just told her that they were going to an ice cream store, admittedly that may have been what caused her to walk faster than normal.
All of a sudden the classroom was in chaos, the pixies flew around and began damaging everything.
"No thank you, I remember the way" Amelia nodded to him before walking off, leaving behind a sweating Dumbledore.
"Of course I am" The prefect snorted "Let's fix that" Harry grabbed the prefect with his right hand, the prefect suddenly began screaming in pain as he pulled his hand back out of Harry's hand as quick as possible.
Draco jumped back in pain while Pansy vomited on the floor.
I would currently describe Harry as a grey, leaning into dark.
