It would be a distraction for Liam, and I've considered leaving him with your sister, Petunia Dursley, and her family, if, of course, you would be willing?"
He wasn't what I thought he'd be.
Who else would his aunt be referring to?
After he escaped from the kitchen, he scuttled cautiously towards the cupboard, not wanting his not-quite-parents to know where he was sleeping- in case they didn't already know, keeping where the letter was addressed in mind.
We await your owl by no later than July 31.
Peter pertained no illusion that they wouldn't murder him on sight, especially Black, Black who was slightly unhinged and valued loyalty above all else.
Harry snapped out of his reverie, shaken, remembering the problem at hand.
After all, he had spent much of his life referred to as Potter, by the teachers, who called most of the students bar himself by the forenames, and by the Dursley's when they were feeling particularly fair willed, which, mind you, was not often, considering he'd thought that his name was either 'Boy' or 'Freak' or perhaps a mixture of both, before Vernon had, quite literally, beat it into him to answer to "Harry" or "Potter" or "Harry Potter" without giving the reason beforehand as to why.
Anyway, after Petunias tirade, it'd been clear that Lily had been a witch (after much consideration, Harry had decided that Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry made to refer to females as witches and males as wizards) and that Petunia had loathed her for it, for whatever reason that may be.
Lily gave a slightly apologetic look towards the occupants of the house currently in the kitchen, before gliding out, no less enthusiastically, after her partner.
He grappled around for the small knapsack that he used when he had to stay over at Mrs Figg, the residual crazy cat lady (before she'd passed away), when Dudley and Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon went on trips.
His eyes bulged as James Bloody Potter arrived at the scene.
Maybe Harry should mail them?
Harry remembered the joy he had felt after reading Roald Dahl's Matilda; it was his favorite book and had inspired him to pursue what he could do further, in secret of course; always in secret.
also so i was thinking about tonks and was like "wait if shes always changing her face then how do you know who she is".
like imagine someone going "oh hi, who are you?"
(long) A/N: And so i find myself posting at midnight once again *sigh* Anyway, this was more of a filler chapter than anything (i never got what they meant properly before now) and there'll probably be more of the sort.
Both seemed more than inappropriate.
Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Oh.
They were bespectacled by circular glasses that had been broken and fixed many times with a muggle adhesive known as Sello-Tape.
