They continued to sit next to each other, and their arms occasionally brushed together as they ate.
Her nails seemed to cut through her shirt and into her Words as desperate sobs shook her body.
He waved them on and squeezed his angry Mate as he placed a kiss on the top of her head.
"Don't listen to them, Tom.
The horrendous gray tone that her skin had taken on in the last few days had finally faded, and she knew that once he was gone, it would come back.
|}(HJPB){| They were in a heap on the floor in the family room in the mansion.
"Holy mother of Merlin," he muttered as his eyes too widened.
He finally, slowly, started to turn towards her, and he had a hand over his own Words too.
In my opinion, which is based on heavy research, I believe that when a True Mate Bond Sours, it is not a true Souring of the Bond.
She quickly removed the eagle tipped stick out of her hair and quickly secured it back up with the new one.
As Magical Heir Consort to the Great Line, he had access to her Vaults as well, and he had ended up going into some of their Vaults—which had been over 30 that he entered (and that was just the ones with jewelry in them—he hadn't gone into the ones that didn't have what he was looking for, and after the three days he had spent looking, he didn't think he wanted to)—to look for a wedding ring for his love, and it was the one he felt fit the most with her personality, if not looks wise, history wise—he thought both fit her.
A few days after my birthday, actually.
But, she had been there when her father, Uncle Regulus, and Grandpapa Orion had been there to explain what Hera needed to do for it.
It wasn't long before Hera fell asleep on Tom's lap with her head tucked into his neck as he read—and eventually fell asleep.
The heavy doors of the hospital wing slammed open with a deafening crash, and, had he not been so lost to Instinct, he would have noticed the long, deep splinters in them.
He stood and helped her up and the two adjusted their clothes, so it didn't look like they had just been wildly making out behind a tapestry.
"I have decided that I don't like going to class without you," she muttered as she crawled into his lap and curled into his arms despite the fact that Unspeakable's were currently everywhere she looked—it was the drawback of being in the Healing Ward of the Department of Mysteries.
They had knocked on the door to the dingy building and walked into the orphanage when it was opened and confunded the kid—who couldn't have been older than ten—to take them to the Demon Lady—gleefully, he knew exactly who they were talking about.
He pulled her back onto the bed and they sat side by side while he dug through it and pulled out their matching assignments.
She nodded and wrestled his familiar away from her neck where she had been scenting his Soulmate.
