!Hands up!Hands up!Catherine Shelby!Edward Lanshire!
'Giggle'  Lanshire, Edward Lanshire.
A Louis Vuitton Croc matte, nothing fancy there.
A Savile Row fellow, oh how quaint and bespoke; boring, the vile English.
A dark blue white striped dorsilk pocket square.
A palpable bubble; a space where these two most unfortunate souls are dancing to the tone of a tango of mutual self destruction.
A well defined Jawline, olive eyes that are the collectors of souls, topped salt and pepper with a classic charming smile.
A.Testoni Oxford lace-up in caramel calf.
Agitated I see, good but I like my steak well done and it has not quite passed bloody yet.
And Rupert contacted you?
And her, how she froze there for a moment before her brows furled and before launching such a diatribe, about how she is in the service to a certain Emir and how they, whos they?They will pay for this transgression.
And there goes their little interlude.
Are all of you taking your cues from James Bond or is he indeed the quintessential Englishman?
Atlanta in the middle of June, of course.
B of A, I always liked you bunch.
Believe me, I was shocked too.
But I am surprised you werent informed beforehand of the business details.
But I could see how men would stuff her vagina full of greenbacks.
But having your own personal G5 always solves the problem.
But just to be sure, allow me to finalize that transaction in any case.
But no one seemed to understand the price one has to pay.
But of course this speaks to the nature of our meeting; very important deal that require the utmost discretion.
But please, I do go by Shelby.
But they all want the impossible.
But what is taking our colleagues so long?You know what, do excuse me while I make a phone call.
Dior qiviut grey blue A-line with blazer freshly delivered from Paris, Chanel pearl earrings laced with gold, Cornelia James pashmina straight out of Kashmir; get this, she paid an insurer to actually go to Kashmir, witness it being made there before airmailed express to London, packaged and sent to New York with the personal thank you note from Genevieve James.
Do you really care?But they assured me of a 100% clean pussy, the cleanest the money could buy.
Dont know how she survived that.
Edward Lanshire, Catherine Shelby, you are under arrest for conspiracy to commit fraud!You have the right to remain silent.
Hm, so, how is the industry here in America?
How obedient becomes a man being told to never open the briefcase he is carrying when money is on the line.
How smart she thinks she is.
However I am sure it would be worthy of our times, for a man of my position, no one would want to tug me around for a laugh because I will skin them alive of course.
I am just so stressed out.
I am simply a woman of pleasure, watching people; see their eyes lit up at the chance to slip into a character and play it out to their hearts content.
I am sure it would be morecultural acquisition than anything else.
I am sure they will show any minute now.
I dont know anything about diamonds.
I hope they learned about risk management.
I love your sense of humor and I am glad we are on the intimate first name basis already, oh or should I say last name, Lanshire?
I only care if my steak is well done and only now is it getting started, just passing bloody.
I smell cliche, em, the great trade talk.
I think I do like Englishmen.
If she said 70K per hour, I would have said yes, but what do you think I am?A Savage?A face to die for?No.
It was better than I expected.
Justice?No, I dont care for justice.
Lord, thats a good one!Nothing could beat a woman with a sense of humour.
May I just say, that you look absolutely dazzling tonight, Miss?
Mid grey wide chalk Spanish merino Henry Poole; he really thinks he is James Bond no less.
Mr. Lanshire costed me 100K notwithstanding other undertows, oh my precious pounds of flesh.
My colleague had informed me of the change.
My position might be high but I am not THE boss.
Never have I imagined that I could be the proverbial fly on the wall.70K per night, not bad a price for a giggle.
Oh and 18 karats white gold La Doa de Cartier.
Oh and big macs arent bad when consumed in the right situation.
Oh and no one would think that I would have the indecency of not getting a copy of their receipts for their expensive tastes, right?It is after all my party.
Oh how rude of me, here is my card.
Oh that look, very very wet.
Oh the wrong that is wrought upon his dignity!Greasy!I love it!And I dont just mean my big mac.
Oh yes, sticking out its tentacles the fear of discovery.
Our Foreign Intelligence service is far less glamorous.
Perhaps one of these days you could show me London.
Perhaps they are quite taken by each other just as we have ourselves on this first meeting of ours.
Prada light turquoise pointy toe pump; devil wears Prada, what else would you expect?An expensive prostitute is still a prostitute.
Probably a sizable prick.
Pumped up chest, on the offensive, making it seem as if that he is impatient and offended.
She certainly does not lack audacity.
She paid 150K as a donation for the honour of a signature.
Silky blonde with a piercing blue pair.
The human spirit?We are no different you and I, than him or her.
The wrangling of facts and fictions.
There is nothing in the world that pleases me so much as to witness Man go to work and how far up the ladder one is willing to go.
Theres the last minute change of location.
These idiots wouldnt be able to distinguish an organized crime outing from a casual business arrangement.
This is a breath of fresh air, coming here, meeting you, such a beautiful lady, and of course to discuss an important matter that meant the future of our two great companies.
Was it Will, Will Keith that you talked to from our division?
We are all earning our keeps after all.
Well, I am going to get a refill of my 7-ups.
Well, well, looks like we got panties in a bunch.
What do you know, another cunt.
Why shouldnt I ruin your nice Poole.
Wouldnt you say?Refills, ahGod bless America.------------------------ Great thread to read through.
You pulled words right out of my mouth.
You see, if you think I will let these two fine human specimen off the hook so easy, to just spend a nice evening at the most obvious contrivance, the Delmonico's, then you are more a fool than I thought you are.
