""1 hour 13 minutes 22 seconds remaining.
""Houston, we have touched down.
""I need to get back to the ship.
""I think your laugh at that shitty joke was much better.
""I'm not knocking on what he did, just making an observation.
""I'm sorry, can you repeat that, over?
""If Houston gets back to us.
""It seems like someone beat us here.
""It's an old Soviet flag here.
""It's the body of one of the Soviet astronauts.
""That's great news Murray.
""That's okay, I'll do it.
""Wait for instructions, Murray.
""We decided to explore the area a bit more.
"Don't knock on what Neil Armstrong did.
"HAL, how much more time do we have?
"Houston, come in now, over.
"Houston, we have a problem.
"I broke out into a laugh at my poor attempt at a joke.
"I catch up to where Mayers is standing and we continue on.
"I head back to the ship and grab the American flag.
"I hightail it back to the ship, or I try to.
"I look at Mayers, "Head back now, or explore around here a little bit.
"I looked around and all I could see was red.
"I stab it down into the ground."'Murica.
"I think it would make sense to get on top of one of those hills.
"I turn around but I see Mayers hasn't yet.
"Mayers and I look at each other.
"Mayers and I stand up, and begin the journey to the object.
"Mayers and I start heading back to the ship."Help..."
"Mayers bends down and examines him closer.
"Mayers bends down to me, but I barely recognize it's him because everything is getting so dark.
"Mayers starts walking a bit faster towards me.
"Mayers turns to look at me and the first thing I notice is his eyes.
"Murray, Mayers, this is James with Houston.
"Neil Armstrong once said 'That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
"Nothings wrong with my eyes.
"Suddenly, I see Mayers fist coming down at me, but I can't cover my mask before it hits it.
"The astronaut has sat up and is staring right at us."Help..."
"Think we can make it today?
"Wait, there's something we need to do.""What?
"We can't forget this baby.
"We sit for a few more minutes and then hear some static.
"We slightly change course to a nearby hill.
"We walk around the flag looking for any other signs of their time here.
"What the fuck is wrong with him!?
"What the hell is that?It's definitely not a hill.
"Where are you going, Murray.
'I'm not one to argue with him.
According to HAL, we should be able to explore for about 3 hours before we need to return to the ship, over.
After I regain my composure, I turn around to see what I tripped over."Uhh...
Be careful, and be ready to hightail it out of there.
Beautiful I'd even wager.
Before I know it, Mayers has thrown me to the ground.
His eyes are black as the night, and it looks like all of his veins turned black as well.
Houston, we see something.
I bend down and wipe the dust off of the glass cover, but then I recoil in horror.
I look at Mayers, "Which way?""Forward.
I look over at the old Soviet astronaut and he is back on the ground, dead.
I see him grinning wide, and then barely hear "Thanks."
I start to back up slowly."Mayers...
Inform Houston of what we've found.
It's a Soviet flag, over.
It's an amazing advancement, and makes this exploration so much better.
It's just a black shade in the distance.
It's relatively skinny, definitely not a hill and from the distance looks like it isn't natural.
Suddenly, my foot hits something and I fall over to the ground.
The body of an old Soviet astronaut lies in front of us.
The hike up it didn't provide much trouble, but I still needed to catch my breath a little bit after it.
The new suits NASA designed for us make it seem like we are still walking on Earth.
We both stop dead in our tracks, and whirl around.
We look around and see something in the distance.
We need an evac immediately.
We still have to explore some though.
We will be able to see more.
We would like you to approach the object.
We'll be back in a moment, over.
We're glad to hear you landed safe.
We're heading back to the ship.
Why would you think something is wrong.""Erm...
your eyes aren't exactly..normal.
