"28 billion people have been born on Earth *alone*.There's **bound** to be a couple cross overs.
"Also, we sometimes ask questions, but your life was pretty boring.
"And the--," I began, but was once again interrupted.
"But there are women and children here!How could there be women?I was a girl in other lives?Yeah.
"But--," I began but was immediately interrupted.
"He completed my question.
"He looked up to me as I began to ask and quickly said, "No, I don't know if it has been exactly 28 billion.
"He rolled his eyes again, angrily.
"He thought for a moment.
"Here?You've joined the team.
"I asked every question rapidly, one after another.
"I looked down to find a young man, his head hung low.
"I replied, trying to recall the girl I had dated over 30 years before.
"My face burned with embarrassment as I realized they had seen my *entire* life.
"My face must have reflected my confusion, as he rolled his eyes and continued."Whatever.
"Those are shorter movies.
"Who are you?Where am I?How did I get here?
"Why did you break up with that Brileen girl?She was hot!
*"What's happening?What is this place?Who are these people?!
A boy that had never faced the deaths of his lifelong friends, or daily aching pains, or over a decade of cancers and chemotherapy.
A few voices replied with laughter, and some with groans.
All that was in my mind were the words, "Must be a dream.
And yes, it is weird to find yourself attractive as the opposite sex, so if you find yourself having weird feelings, please keep them to yourself.
As I took in the environment, I locked eyes with a young girl of around the age of 5, across the theater from me.
But we were also on the Hindenberg, so I'm still considered boring.
Does that make Buddhism right?Who knows.
Everyone laughed once more, and went back to their conversations.
Everything we know...it's just our best guesses.
Good fight, though," the man spoke quickly and almost cynically.
Her brows furrowed as she stared at me.
Holding my hands gingerly into the light streaming in through the doorway, I lose my breath.
How long has it been since I've been able to do that in less than 2 minutes?Something's wrong with me.
I don't care about how trippy or exciting it was.
I grinned as I remembered how easily I had snuck across the floor, and how difficult it would have been with my old and aching body.
I had somehow missed him sitting in the theater chair as I crept along the floor.
I looked around at all the people in the room and finally understood the familiarity of the faces and voices.
I looked at all of the people, seeing and hearing the similarities and differences between themselves and myself.
I looked up at the screen and realized it was not blank.
I put my hand onto the middle of the door softly, and grit my teeth.
I realized that this face must be how mine looked now, with my younger skin.
I stared blankly for a minute and another woman sighed before shouting, "He doesn't speak Japanese yet.
I stood there for a moment, and finally my legs gave up on me, and I flopped down into a chair, two seats away from the man--the *me* that had explained it all to me.
I tried to convince myself to give him a chance to answer a single question, but my pounding heart betrayed me and a dozen more questions poured out.
I was looking into my own face.
I went down three rows of seating on the cold concrete floor before slowly creeping to my feet.
I'm guessing, based on the film's I've watched in here.
It's just what plays while we wait for the next show.
Just like we watch everyone's.
My fingers begin to rub more gently, taking in the smooth texture of my eyelids.
My hands dragged slowly over the thick, itchy carpet beneath me as my eyes struggled to focus onto my surroundings.
My illogical and ridiculous feeling was right; my skin no longer resembled that of an old and haggard man.
My mind was racing so quickly from thought to thought, that I could hardly focus on any one of them enough to complete a full idea.
My thoughts had come to a screeching halt.
On the other side of the door, I was shocked to find a movie theater room.
Realizing that the woman had not yet stopped to see what the little girl was gesturing toward, I acted quickly and crawled into the theater.
She asked you if you are embarrassed for touching yourself to that video with the octopodes.
She had such a friendly, familiar face.
Some with disinterest, some smiling broadly, and a few with disgust.
Something is very, very right.
The cancer finally got you.
The face was mine from when I was a young man.
The little girl turned and began to gently pull on the shirt of the woman she was holding hands with.
The one before you murdered a politician....Allegedly.
The room filled with chuckles.
The voices, in their muffled murmurs, sounded eerily familiar.
There was an uncomfortable silence for at least half a minute.
There was some sort of swirling darkness on the screen.
These were the hands of a strapping, youthful man.
They had different body shapes.
They quickly move downwards to the rest of my face, finding it to be smooth there as well.
When did I live?1976 until 2034.Yes, I died fairly young.
Where am I?Did I fall asleep like this?In my closet?I rub my temples and slowly try to push myself up into a sitting position.
Who put it there?Who knows.
With her empty hand, she slowly waved to me.
Yes, I have your same face.
Yes, the turn of the century was *insane.
You're dead, I'm dead, we're all dead in here.
