"A kid, even buffer and beefier than the rest, stomped forward, an innocent paper bag in his hand.
"Crocodile, will you do the honors?
"His face darkened again.
"I doubt you'll be that strong," he murmured.
"I need more Dust, you little shit!I need it NOW!
"Oh, I'm sorry, friend," Peter simpered.
"The traitor officer was back again, Davies, I think his name was?He hefted his own gun towards Peter's head.
"Then, he turned to stare piercingly into my eyes.
"You see, officer, that is what happens to people after they've had their first hit of the Dust.
"You've got 23 hours in Neverland, officer," Peter grinned.
* He was sweating, his face gaunt and shallow as if he hadn't eaten for days.
*I need to get help*, I thought.
A boy, maybe thirteen years old at the latest, leveled a gun at my chest.
A million thoughts raced through my head, each one wild and desperate from the last.
And you might want to duck.
As for the rest of you, Peter continued, casually taking the gun, The shows over.
Before you do something you regret.
Behind her the boys slowly began to clap, bringing their hands together faster and faster until the room was filled with its crescendo.
Below it all were the screams and the meaty *thwack* of bullets hitting flesh.
But I didnt want to spend one more second on top of that murderer.
Come on, miss, give me the gun, he pleaded softly.
Desperately, I looked for an exit, but Peter's goons loomed all around me.
Do we have to do it this way, Peter?
Five feet into open fire.
For the last few seconds, I had been standing in quiet shock.
Gathering all my strength and praying to whatever God exists in this miserable fucked up world where children could kill, I sprung to my feet.
Gunshots rang through the air.
He knelt down in front of her at eye level, his face open and accepting.
He pulled out an old-fashioned timepiece and pushed in its top.
He stepped even closer, until the barrel sat between his eyes.
He turned to the girl next to him.
He wore a cocky grin that radiated confidence and maybe something more.
Her eyes were wide, huge like shining white pearls.
Her face brightened and she beamed with the kind of joy a child has at Christmas.
His clothes were covered in blood and gore.
His eyes closed, then flew open, eyeballs sinking into his skull, melting into a liquid blackness that first swallowed up his face, then his shoulders and arms and everything of him until he was nothing but a puddle on the floor.
His eyes were shining with fear; not for himself, I somehow knew, but for the girl in front of him.
His hand touched his shirt and flopped to his side, covered in blood.
His smile turned sweet, full of tender worship.
I could almost feel my breath on his face.
I didnt want to lose a hand, but now it seemed as if I didnt have a choice.
I had *my* shadow exiled long ago.
I had expected to see that cold hatred back on his face, but this was almost worse.
I looked behind me, and sure enough, my guys were all armed and ready to take this suicidal delinquent into custody.
I screamed, my body thrumming with warning.
I slammed my body onto the floor, not a second too soon.
I swung around, and there was Peter, his jaunty smile unchanged.
I unfroze from my fear and drew my gun.
I want to hear it from him.
If anything, it had grown.
Immediately his face turned into that of a demons, brimming with a hatred boy his age should never have had.
Itll be like were playing Soldiers and Pirates.
Maybe ten other kids stood behind him.
My hands searched my holster, only to find it empty.
Now, just wait a second, the officer next to me said.
Oh, its not for me, the leader, whose name I figured was Peter, answered.
Peter giggled and clapped his bloody hands.
Peter stepped closer to the gun.
Peter, oblivious, was rustling through his pockets.
Put that thing down, kid, I said, almost lazily.
She steals our lives away.
Something that wasnt quite right.
Tell me, Peter began, cocking the gun under his chin in a gesture reminiscent of *The Thinker.
That he is, boss, said a voice from the opposite side of the room.
The girl let out a gasping sob; her eyes filled with tears.
The nerve of this kid!To attack a police officer right inside of the precinct!I almost wanted to laugh out loud.
The sound was incredible, slamming into my ears from all sides.
Then, his face abruptly shifted back into its cocky grin.
There was a bang like a thousand balloons being popped and the officer sunk forward on bended knees as if praising the one who had brought about his death.
They all looked tough and battle hardened, covered in the scars and muscles of much older men.
This time, my legs took me exactly where I wanted to go.
Will you take me to Tink now?
With no pretense, he shoved it over my face, covering me with powder.
You *really* want to know?
You *reeeeallly* want to know?
You wont be using it anytime soon.
You wont hear anything from me, I snarled, and leapt again.
Youll be the first to get the Dust tomorrow.
