"Drowning in your drink?, she continued.
"Fucking bitch, give that back," he snarled and snapped, his fists opening and closing until she shoved the water bottle into his grasp.
"He didn't have the energy to glare, which is probably the only reason she risked taking  a seat on the couch.
"Her straightforward answers were something he still couldn't get used to.
"Her voice cut through his thoughts and he shrugged, unable to look at her.
"How were you planning on doing yourself in this time?
"I know what you think," she sighed.
"I'll drink if it's from your pussy," he offered, struggling to his feet and failing to give her a charming grin.
"Ten years," he muttered.
"The order sounded more like begging to his ears.
"You're cuter when you're docile," she said flatly.
"Your brother was more of a man at fifteen than you ever have been in your life.
A flash of red hid reality.
A natural wimp; a coward.
After a moment's hesitation he obeyed.
After all, he had promised his little brother he would take care of her, but had made no promise to her.
And since then...you and I are the only family weve got.
Become a trusted politician, or an empathetic doctor.
By the time he had finished beating her uncle, the man had been near dead.
Despite her motionless and nude state there had been muscles that spasmed uncontrollably.
Every time he tried to bring the end was different.
Every time she showed up to stop him.
Fuck you, he spat, his hitting hand falling to her shoulder to shake her.
Gods, why she stayed was beyond him.
Had he blacked out?She stared down at him, cherry pink lips turned up in an unmistakable smirk.
Had he more energy he would have chucked the bottle against the wall.
He could see her hanging up her coat, taking off her shoes, glancing at her phone because...quite frankly...he wasn't worth hurrying for.
He curled fingers into the collar of her blouse, determined not to stop until she gave to him.
He didnt get a single hit in as the craving for such warmth rolled over him, crashing and exploding.
He knew she wouldnt have stayed in this forsaken city if not for him.
He lunged at her, hand raised to smack the insolent words out of her.
He swore as his hand slipped, bruising against the bottle.
He turned the water bottle in his hands and took a swig.
He was weary of saying them.
He wondered if she ever questioned the strangeness of it all.
Her arms wrapped around him, protective and gentle until he couldnt take the kindness anymore and burst into sobs that had been held at bay for too many years.
Her hand grabbed his face and pushed him back, nearly knocking his head against the heavy wood of the coffee table.
Her movement was graceful.
Her tone demanded no argument despite the softly spoken words.
His gaze dropped to his wrists, scarred as they were.
His heart beat faster as he struggled.
His legs almost gave way.
Humiliation filled him and he tried to make a grab for her leg, but she knew his moves too well.
I'll show you..." He tumbled onto the floor.
In desperation he kept struggling with the corkscrew top.
Instead her hand touched his cheek, gentle and warm.
Instead of give in he responded: "I'm a man.
Instead she removed it from his hands.
It burned more than the alcohol had.
It was probably beyond her too.
No need to add any more brain damage either.
Not even a glance of acknowledgment.
Not that he could remember ever seeing a phone in her hand.
Of course he had tried the same thing later.
She could have had a life.
She ignored him as he lay there and began to clean up the infestation of dishes and paraphernalia that had accumulated around the unholy tissues.
She rescued him later that week from some dealers he had failed to swindle.
She simply accepted the abuse until he was calm enough to hear her.
Sit down before you hurt yourself.
So he tried to bury his face into her chest.
Such comments had used to insight anger, but he had made them too many times and she was weary of them.
Ten years and she had become a nurse working double shifts at the local hospital and picking him up from alleyways and bar fights.
The atrocity that was his life needed to end.
The dickface had never come back.
The non-reaction depleted his will to start a fight.
The only time he had come to her aid she had been sprawled out on a bed in her uncle's house, lounging but not really.
The uncle and his family had later moved out of the city, leaving Diana alone.
They never spoke outside of his messes, had no kind words for each other.
Theyd been at the same party.
Ulric had been the sort of person who enjoyed girlish things like animals and poetry.
We take what we want and give as good as we get.
What she had seen in his little brother had always been beyond him.
When the hell had he become such a pathetic waste of space?
With her calm and humble demeanour, her wits, and grades...she could have gone on and done something important with her life.
Yet as he struggled to open his second bottle of 90 proof be could hear the jiggle of a key in the lock and he knew.
Yet when it had come to the act he had been part of so many times with women and girls who were not her, he had not been able to follow through.
You already have enough liver damage.
Your parents had already been so I left some blossoms instead.
Youre only good for --- Images of her pulled into memory and he choked on his words.
he demanded, sinking his fingers into her shoulders until she flinched.
