Id had heard stories about people dying after inheriting a lot of money, so I hid it from the world.
So I took him to court, and with absolutely no evidence.
After maybe 10 minutes I am brought to the bosses office and I fill out some information about my current bank.
I drained him and the company out of all the money they had, whilst only using a fraction of the money I got.
It was strange and seemed out of place, but I open the letter and I am sent to my dads old bank.
I didnt know what to think of it and checked if it was legit, it was.
He had no where to work, so he had to live a simple life in a shelter home.
The banks couldnt disclose how much money I had so I was an invisible billionaire.
It was my 30th birthday, and I was checking the mail, there was a summons for my dads will.
I stressed for months on what I would do with such a large amount of money and my performance at work drastically dropped.
Well, the justice system sucks and Ive heard of people using fuck you money to bankrupt people, and while not the nicest thing to do, my boss wasnt a nice person either, always saying things like your old man didnt like you did he?Not giving you one cent and come on, you gotta make what your dad didnt give ya.
My father died when I was 20, he only had one next of kin, Me.
But really I had more money than I would ever need, you see my dad owned a very successful company, when he died his will had stated that his kin get his fortune when we turned 30.I lived differently from other rich kids, I was told that having all the money in the world wasnt as great as it seemed and that you always had to answer to some guy in a suit or risk everything youve made.
Well my boss fired me, I will admit it may have been because I was stressed out but I was angry, he fired me, the richest person he would ever know.
They tell me congratulations and just like that I leave.
I was just a normal guy who worked a normal job, well at least thats what everyone thought.
A couple weeks go by when my phone dings, a message pops up on the transfer of 160 billion dollars the richest man on earth only has 125 billion.
Absolutely no one apart from my bank, my dads bank and I know that I have this money.
When I get there I talk to one of the tellers and show them the letter, I am to to wait.
I sit in an office when I am passed a letter, with no conversation I am sent away.
