A/N- Guys, I am over whelmed with so much love shown to the first chapter.
Thanks for loving this fic.
We will go to Hogwarts with this chapter.
1983, Hogwarts Albus Dumbledore had been away to a session of the International Council of Wizards in France when Harry Potter had been abducted from his relative's place.
When he returned to Hogwarts after the session and entered his office, he went to check the ward monitors he had placed on Harry Potter out of habit and was shocked to find that one of the monitors had broken down.
The one related to the blood wards, to be precise.
The blood ward was first grade protection against Tom and his followers.
As long as his mother's blood lived at Privet Drive, he would be safe from Tom and his followers.
Anyone with intent to harm him could not enter the property.
For the wards to fall could mean only one of two things.
Either the Dursleys had given him up to someone else or Harry Potter was dead.
A quick check of the ward which was tied to Harry's well-being was intact, meaning that he was alive not that it indicated anything about his health.
Panicked, he threw a pinch of floo powder in the fireplace and called, "Mrs. Figg's, Privet Drive' and stepped into the emerald flames.
As the floo ejected him, he hastily stepped out of it, his wand in one hand and his face a myriad of emotions- worry, resentment, and anger.
"Where were you in the name of Merlin?
", he heard a scathing tone of voice say and turned to find Arabella Figg standing, glaring at him intensely.
Before he could say anything, she started ranting to him, "Do you realize how many times I tried to floo call you?
Harry Potter has been missing for a week now and you did not bother to reply to my floo calls."
Dumbledore sent a silencing spell at her and sighed, "Arabella, I have just returned to Wizarding Britain from France where I was in a conference of the ICW.
The first thing I noticed is that the blood wards were broken.
Did anyone attack Privet Drive?
Is little Harry safe?"
He undid the silencing spell and she growled, "I haven't seen him since a week ago when I had gone to Petunia under some pretense and she didn't even allow me in her house.
I tried to find him a few more times but I could not find him.
I tried to floo call you dozens of times but there was no response.
Their living room window was blown out from the inside, but; the family seemed to be fine.
There was no other sign of violence."
Dumbledore was more worried.
He had kept Harry Potter here away from the wizarding world in the hope that he would grow up to be an innocent humble teen unharmed by death eaters and the boy had been taken away from the safest place that Albus could find.
With a flick of his wand, his robes were transfigured into a suit and he walked up nonchalantly to the door of #4 Privet Drive while his eyes kept darting around to be aware of any danger lurking within the shadows.
He rang the door bell and Vernon Dursley opened the door only enough so that he could peek out of the opening growling, "We are not interested in buying anything you might..." His words were lost in his throat as he found a wand pointed at him.
He never had any practical experience with wizards but he of course knew what a wand was.
Petunia had told him about the wizarding world after the freak of a child had come to live with them.
He squeaked, a sound he later could swear he had never made before, and Dumbledore shoved him out of the way with his wand and entered the house, walking to the sitting room.
Petunia who had come into the hall by now yelped as she saw Dumbledore and he asked gravely, "Petunia where is Harry?"
She wanted to run from here but knew there was no way she could outrun him.
She tried to speak firmly but it came out as a whimper, "We... we don't know.
He is... he is gone."
Dumbledore had no time for niceties so he petrified both of them and performed legilimency on them to see their memories.
What he saw in those memories appalled him.
It was mortifying to think that this woman had been so cruel to a child, a child who was her blood, son of her own dead sister.
He saw memories of mistreatment of the toddler and the violence that Vernon meted out at the times when the child performed some accidental magic.
He also saw where they were keeping the child- in a cupboard under the stairs!
He wanted to hex them into oblivion but knew that was not the way.
He rather decided to frame them up for prosecution by the muggle law enforcement authorities for losing a child who was in their care.
Some of his squib associates who were in law enforcement would happily agree to do this.
He saw the memory of that day when Harry Potter allegedly disappeared.
He saw Vernon opening the door and then closing it as he could not see anyone at the door but unlike Vernon he noticed the blur which happened when someone was employing a disillusionment charm.
As he was done with legilimency, he started casting a myriad of detection spells in all directions but he could gather nothing from them.
The incident had happened a week ago so there was no active magic in the air but there must have been some residual magic unless that person had been concealing his magical signature.
That was some complicated magic but it hid one's identity well.
He turned to Petunia, "By losing Harry, you have disappointed your dead sister who loved you.
You have defiled her memory and I hope no harm has come to Harry Potter otherwise I myself will come and wreck vengeance upon you."
He unpetrified them and disapparated to Sheffield.
He had a retired Auror to find.
1 week later, Hogwarts In the last week, Albus had asked all of his friends, accomplices and associates to help in the effort to locate the missing child but their collective efforts had yielded no results.
There was no one who could tell them a thing about the missing child.
He had reluctantly met Madam Bones, Head of the DMLE, and told her about Harry's disappearance.
She had chewed him out for his failure.
One thing she also agreed upon was that they needed to keep this private because the Dark faction led by Malfoy was trying to establish its dominance in the Wizengamot which would be catastrophic.
The only one standing between them and their goal was Albus Dumbledore who also had helped them to survive through the war with the help of his vaunted Order of the Phoenix.
It was the Order that had saved them from annihilation at the cost of the lives of many of its members during the war and Dumbledore was the only one who was feared by all of them collectively.
Albus had roused the members of the Order like Podmore, Moody, Diggle to find any leads but there were none.
He had tried to find Remus Lupin and he was told that Lupin was last seen to be living in Blackmoor three years ago and nobody had seen him since then.
Of course he had not asked his Game Keeper Rubeus Hagrid or he would have got a lead in that direction.
He and Madam Bones had conducted discreet inquiries in the office of magic detection whose chief function was to see that underage muggle born students did not perform magic at their home during the summer.
The detectors could detect if magic had been cast at a place but not the caster.
They had learned that on the particular day, there was an incident of accidental magic by a toddler around 3-4 years of age at Privet Drive and then someone had performed the Homnum Revelio spell in the house followed shortly by disillusionment.
Since the caster was an adult wizard, there was no means to track his identity.
They found that the caster had disapparated the moment they were outside of the wards.
They were not able to identify the apparition point.
When it became clear to him that he could not find Harry on his own, he had decided to break the news to Minerva.
He called her in his office and said to her very gravely, "Minerva something has happened and I think you should be acquainted with the circumstances lest you find it out from someone else."
She studied his facial expression and was wary.
If something could make Albus Dumbledore worried, it was really trouble.
Being the Supreme Mugwump, Chief Warlock and Head Master of Hogwarts was thrice the burden and Albus bore it all without any worry so it was nothing related to any of those.
Then the only other thing which could worry him was Harry Potter.
Minerva had never been comfortable with the decision of leaving him at the doorstep of the muggles in the middle of the night.
When Albus had explained the circumstances and his limited options she had to agree.
She just wished that Charlus or Dorea were alive so they could have shouldered his upbringing what with Potter Manor being impenetrable and there was Potter Castle which the family had received in inheritance from the Peverells, one of the ancient families which ceased to exist 1000 years ago.
Pity that the Potters were always in the thick of things and thus, there were only a handful around in every generation.
She looked into the electric blue eyes of Dumbledore and saw the sadness and regret in them and feared for the safety of the child.
She asked in a small voice, "Has something happened with Harry Potter?"
Albus sighed, "Two weeks ago while I was in France, someone entered the Dursley home and took him away.
From what my investigation yielded, it was a wizard but they were concealing their magical signature so it is possible that we will never find out who it was unless Harry Potter returns to us.
I have forced Moody out of retirement, roused the Order to find him but nobody has a clue as to his whereabouts."
She wanted to shout, raise hell but knew it would would not pursed her lips in a thin line and asked him, "So what should we do?"
Albus shrugged, "There is nothing that we can do right now, Minerva.
If the minister finds out then he will stop at nothing to oust me from the position of Head Master and Chief Warlock and we are still not over the effects of the war.
The light lost a large number of its supporters while most of the dark faction is intact.
If I am out of the Wizengamot, the dark faction will have no trouble in seizing power in the Wizengamot."
As Minerva left, Albus opened a drawer which contained memories.
Early memories of Tom's life when he was a student, memories about his parents, grand-parent, and his uncle who had died in Azkaban a year ago but not before Dumbledore been able to obtain a memory from him.
There was something about Tom's death that did not sit well with Dumbledore.
Lack of a body was first.
Then there was no indication of where he had gone or what happened to him.
The only thing he was sure about was that Tom had disappeared that Halloween night but not dead.
He had reluctantly looked into some dark magic books he had taken off the shelf in the library decades ago.
One of the most evil books described the Horcrux, the vilest of soul magics and Dumbledore had shuddered at the thought that perhaps Tom had made one.
Thus, he had started collecting memories, trying to document his life.
There was also a memory from an elf who was accused of accidentally killing her mistress.
The witch was known to be the last in possession of two founder relics- the necklace of Slytherin and the cup of Hufflepuff and Tom had been regularly visiting her when he worked at Borgin and Burke.
He had also found a memory from Slughorn in which Tom had asked him what a horcrux was but he had understood that the memory had been tampered with.
Since then Horace had avoided him, not willing to give him access to the memory.
Black Castle, 1985 It had been two years since Harry Potter had been brought to the Black Castle and the boy had instantly loved the company of the people around him.
Arcturus doted on the boy all day long and would have spoiled him rotten if he had his way with him but Remus Lupin had put his foot down and made him obey some rules in his upbringing.
While the boy was not deprived of anything, he was not over-indulged either.
Sure he had a chamber full of toys, both magical and mundane but he was not allowed to be lost in the chamber all day long.
Arcturus had started to tell him about magic, his families (both Black and Potter) and other little things which every pure-blood child should know, he also told him that all magicals were equal irrespective of their ancestry.
He had seen how his children had destroyed themselves on the false notions of blood superiority and most were either dead or were incarcerated in Azkaban.
Arcturus told him all he knew about Charlus and Dorea while Remus educated him about his father and mother.
When Harry was five years old, they had sent him to a muggle school so that he would have exposure to the muggle world too.
In the muggle world, he was simply known as Hadrian Jameson.
He was taught about everything that they teach there.
One thing that was exciting was his accidental magic.
He was powerful for his age and his accidental magic was equally spectacular.
Once he had vanished all the legs of his chair but Travistor who was invisibly tailing the boy had repaired the damage before the muggles noticed.
Once while he was taking a stroll in the school grounds, he was chased by a dog he had offended and the boy found himself on the roof.
It had been hard to deal with but a few well placed memory charms had done the trick.
As he grew, his incidents of accidental magic had lessened but they still happened.
Arcturus had been curious about the scar.
His scar had refused to heal itself despite everything he he could do.
He had tried everything that was in the books in his extensive library but nothing seemed to work.
It always looked like the red angry lightning shaped scar it had been.
Arcturus had not forgotten the horcruxes and had the thought that the boy could be one.
There was nothing he knew or that he could find that told him if a living being could be a horcrux or what the effects would be.
He had shared what he knew and his suspicions with Lupin and discreetly sent him all over Europe to find practitioners of soul magics and dark magic to find a way to rid Harry of the foul thing but nothing had been found in the 18 months.
Finally he stumbled upon a mage in Greece who was said to live in a far-off mountain.
After a lot of trouble and constantly badgering him for 5 months, they were able to obtain an audience with the Mage.
He was said to be around 400 years of age and was a recluse.
The mage lived in the side-cave of a mountain which was protected by so many wards that Arcturus's mind was boggled.
There were all kinds of wards upon the entrance of the cave including blood wards and necromantic wards.
The Mage Hippolytius was tall but stooping with age, snow white beard, gray eyes and a thundering voice.
As they entered, he addressed them, "Welcome Arcturus Orion of Black, Remus Lyall of Lupin and Hadrian James of Potter."
After they were given a seat, Arcturus told him about his suspicions, of the horcruxes and the mage fell silent for a long time before he drew a wand and started casting a myriad of spells at the boy who had fallen asleep in Lupin's lap.
After sometime, the mage had turned to both of them, "there is a little piece of soul of Voldemort residing in his scar.
It is so little that it will not cause any trouble to him except draining his magic however if Voldemort succeeded in returning in a body during this life time, this soul shard would pose problems for the boy.
Even right now it sort of acts as a connection between them but I do not think Voldemort is aware of it.
Needless to say, if the soul shard is not extracted out of him soon, it will keep Voldemort alive."
Arcturus asked him what had been on his mind, "Revered Mage, is there a way to exorcise the soul shard out of him without harming the lad?
Can you tell us how many horcruxes of his are out there?"
The mage sat in contemplation for a second before he started speaking, "The soul shard can be exorcised out of him but that would cause him immeasurable pain.
He may pass out due to exhaustion.
If he were any smaller, I would have refused it at this time but he is of age where he would live at the end of it and he is powerful enough that he would not be magically exhausted.
Now the decision is yours.
As to your second question, this soul shard is like the sixth part of his soul meaning there were at least 5 pieces when this one was formed."
Arcturus thought hard about it but Remus's mind was already made up, "Honoured Mage, please exorcise the soul shard out of him.
I would rather see him in pain and agony once and for a short time than see him sharing a connection with that monster all the time.
If this thing is keeping him alive, I want it gone."
Seeing the werewolf's resolve, Arcturus had also agreed to exorcise the soul shard out of the lad.
The ritual which they had followed was very painful.
They had undressed him and then laid him in between a symbol and the mage drew some blood from Harry and mixed it with a potion and drew some runes all over his body.
After sometime five more wizards entered the cave and took their positions on their designated points and started chanting.
The lengthy spells were about exorcism, banishing someone who did not belong, scorning someone for all the evil he had perpetrated all his life.
After 10 minutes of chanting, the lad started to cry out in pain.
It was such a howling sound that Arcturus wanted to pick him up and run away.
Remus had grasped his hand and was keeping him rooted.
The werewolf, who knew the pain of his own involuntary transformations at the full moon, gritted his teeth and looked on with stoic determination, as his eyes filled with tears.
Perhaps he was experiencing all the pain that the boy was going through.
After an hour of excruciating pain during which the lad made an inhuman howling, an inky black darkness oozed from the lightning scar on his forehead.
The mage trapped the foulness in a clay jar.
He set the jar apart from them and destroyed it with fiendfyre before their eyes.
Arcturus offered a big bag of galleons to the mage who refused to touch it but pointed to his assistant who accepted it for him.
The mage said, "I do not indulge in worldly matters anymore but this was a task which needed to be done for the betterment of this boy who will become a warrior beyond all renown.
Tend to him well Arcturus Orion Black and he will bring glory to his family."
Black Castle, 1986 It had been a year since the boy had been exorcised of the soul fragment.
His scar had healed well.
All that remained of it was a thin, white zig-zag line where the angry, red mark had been.
Glamour charms worked well enough on the boy for those occasions when he had to leave the grounds of the castle and Arcturus was content.
Cassiopeia had visited him a year ago and when she found that he had an heir again, she had taken up residence in the castle teaching Harry wizarding customs.
Arcturus had forbidden her from teaching him any dark magic.
He planned to teach him Black Family Magic but that was the extent of it.
The Black family had some very dark spells in its repertoire but most of its spells were borderline dark and since they were personal magic of his house, they could not be outlawed by the Wizengamot nor would Harry face any prosecution for using them.
He planned to teach the boy to use those spells by his third year.
The boy still went to Muggle Primary where he was learning elementary things and Arcturus had no issue with it.
He however insisted on physical education and put in him the habit of running every morning and had Lupin teach him swimming which the werewolf was happy to do.
The boy was indoctrinated by the werewolf with a muggle sense of fashion and kept abreast with developments in the muggle world.
The werewolf had improved a lot since he had come to live at Black Castle.
He now looked fit and well-fed.
Gone was the tattered clothing he wore while he lived at Blackmoor.
He doted on the boy and taught him everything about his father and his circle of friends.
He did not sugar coat it when he told Harry that James had been a bully in his school year and of his rivalry with Severus Snape.
He also told him about the conditions at school during those years as WIzarding World was tearing itself apart and there were lines drawn between the students even before they were sorted.
He had also shown him photographs of his parents which were taken during their school years and in the later years and introduced him to everyone in the photos.
This year they were planning to start teaching him the theory of magic so that he would be ready when he got to Hogwarts.
Remus was also preparing to tell him about his position in the Wizarding World, his parent's death, Sirius's alleged betrayal, Pettigrew's death and everything without drawing a conclusion as to his guilt.
Six months ago, Arcturus had visited Augusta Longbottom at the Longbottom manor.
-Flashback starts- He stepped out of the floo to find Augusta there with her heir, Neville Longbottom.
As he did his courtesy as a gentleman, she led him to the parlor.
After refreshments were served, she came straight to the point, "What is the purpose of this visit, Lord Black?"
He smiled at her, "Please call me Arcturus, Lady Longbottom."
She immediately replied, "Then address me as Augusta."
He started telling her how he had removed Harry Potter from his muggle relatives, how they were keeping the boy, his reasons for doing so and what he had taught to him so far.
As he finished narrating, she asked him, "What assistance do you require of me?
Do you wish to announce it to the Wizarding World and have House Longbottom back you up?"
He shook his head, "The time is not right for it.
I had a different proposition altogether."
She adopted a calm demeanor, "Please do go on, I am listening."
He started again, "as you know Harry Potter is living a very lonely life in the Black castle where he has no one of his age to play with him.
I am an old man, approaching the dusk of his life but he needs people in his life who will remain his life-long friends.
He cannot live his entire life in seclusion.
I propose that for a fortnight during a year, you foster him here in the Longbottom Manor where he will grow up with little Neville while for a fortnight Neville will live at the Black Castle with him.
This will lead to them being friends and each will have someone they can depend upon.
Besides you know the alliance of Potter and Longbottom and the saying which goes as "Wherever a Potter goes a Longbottom will follow."
She agreed, "This will do some good for Neville who has no friends to call his own.
I have been rather heavy handed with him all these years raising him sternly but he needs to be a child every now and then.
I agree to your proposal Lord Black provided you let Harry Potter visit more.
I would like to see him more during the year and may be able to teach a thing or two about the Potters to him."
Arcturus had readily agreed to the proposal.
-Flashback ends- Since then Harry had visited Neville twice for a week each time.
Neville had come over for a week and the two boys had taken a shine to each other, becoming fast friends at once.
Black Castle, 1990 In the last three years, Hadrian Potter-Black had grown into a fine young boy.
He had started reading the theory of magic and for the last year, Arcturus had taken him out of the muggle primary and started teaching him about magic.
Remus taught him about the theory of each subject for the first six months until the boy had enough and had asked for a wand.
While it was illegal to buy a wand for a child below 11 years of age and no wand maker would sell a wand to them anyhow, Arcturus's talent had come in handy.
He had learned wand crafting in his younger days but never used his talents until he needed to.
The boy had chosen a wand of Blackthorn wood with Dragon heartstring and Unicorn tail hair.
The wand was a work of wonder and he was learning quickly.
He had learned enough of transfiguration, defense and charms to last up to 3rd year and theories about Runes beyond which Remus refused to teach him yet saying he would have a lot of time to learn it.
He also taught the boy a lot of pranks and told of the stories where the Marauders pranked the hell out of everyone in Hogwarts.
Arcturus had engaged a potion master (under oath of course) to teach him the basics of potion making after the boy had shown interest in the field.
Neville had become a brother to him in all the years that they had been friends and everything he did was shared with Neville.
Longbottom was very supportive of him and was often ready to fight anyone who showed hostile intentions towards Harry.
He had also learned much of what Harry was learning but had problems with his wand.
When he had inquired, he learned that Augusta planned on giving him his father's wand and it had flabbergasted Arcturus.
He had sent a book on wandlore to her telling her that her grandson would not receive perfect results with a wand that did not choose him.
Dowager Lady Longbottom had vowed to buy him a new wand when he went to school.
Remus often described the castle to the boy and Harry was curious about it.
He would ask Remus about its location, the number of rooms in the school and every hidden passageway.
One day when he had pestered Remus enough, the werewolf told him that there were so many hidden passages at school that no one could know all of them.
Harry whined, "Moony, why are there no maps of the castle?"
Remus smirked, "There are no official maps, cub but Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs had crafted a map of the castle which contained a detailed outlay of the school and it also showed everyone's position on it."
Harry asked with wide-eyed wonder, "Where is it?
Can I have it?"
Remus mock-sighed, "Filch confiscated it in our sixth year and then we lost track of it.
I believe he may still have it."
Then Harry asked, "Could you make another one?"
Remus sighed, "I'm sorry, Cub, I don't think so.
It was mostly Sirius and James who did the work and I'm not sure how they did it.
My only contribution was to sit in the library and search for the charms that they had used."
Harry said, "Then I will find the original.
Will a summoning charm work on it?"
Remus had to think about that one for a minute before he answered, "It just might.
I don't remember them putting any charms on the map to prevent it.
However, I am afraid you would have to find out for yourself."
Then Harry asked, "However how does the map work?"
Remus had told him the phrase for opening and closing the map.
Remus had also asked him to enquire after the Invisibility Cloak which had not been recovered from the cottage and was a Potter family heirloom.
Remus had also brought him a camera and taught him to click photographs and showed him how to use specific potions to develop pictures that moved.
For a month, Harry Potter was not found without his camera and he had created hundreds of photos of everyone in the house.
Kreacher had come to the Black Castle in 1987 bearing the news of the death of Wulburga Black.
True to his promise, he had not interred her in the family crypts and her crypt was forgotten.
A portrait which had been commissioned a decade ago was destroyed by him.
Kreacher was kept at the Black Castle serving Harry.
After some initial problems things were good between the two of them with Kreacher enthusiastically serving him as "Master Harry."
Two years ago, Arcturus had received a letter from Lord Greengrass, one of the friends of the Family.
He had inquired after Arcturus's health and wished to have an alliance with House Black.
Arcturus knew that Lord Greengrass never sought alliance with someone unless they could make some profit out of it.
The Black's had some extensive properties which had greenhouses on them and House Greengrass owned a potion making business.
He wanted to obtain potion ingredients at lesser costs, plain and simple.
But it served a major purpose for him.
He had welcomed him to the Black Castle with his family and introduced them to Harry as Hadrian Potter-Black.
Cyrus was astonished to find Harry Potter here but had agreed to not disclose it to anyone under oath.
Harry had become friends with the Greengrass daughters- Daphne and Astoria.
Often Neville and the Greengrass daughters got together at the Black Castle or at Longbottom Manor and they bonded as friends.
Arcturus had told him about Voldemort and his mission of blood purity which was nothing but a sham and a means for his dominance in the wizarding world.
While he emphasized the importance of the customs and traditions of the wizarding world, he told him that it did not matter whether one was pure-blood, half-blood or muggle born.
What mattered was the power.
Dumbledore, the greatest wizard in Britain was a half-blood after all.
He also told him that Voldemort had not died and told of his suspicions about the same.
There was one question which had hounded him for years and he had not found an answer to it.
That question being, why did Voldemort personally come after the Potters?
Why had they gone into hiding?
Coincidentally Neville's parents too had done the same but both of the sets of parents had either died or were incapacitated.
He had to find the answer to that question.
Remus had shared the Marauder's animagus research with the child and had told him that after his first year, he would start teaching him to be one.
After all, it was taught in third year at Hogwarts therefore it was reasonable that Harry could become one.
He had also taught the boy the ways of Slytherin- cunning, ambition and resourcefulness while Remus taught him Bravery, Chivalry and leadership.
They were not making a weapon of him but teaching him what he would have been taught either way.
Harry had once asked Arcturus, "Grand-uncle, would you like it if I am in Slytherin?"
Arcturus frowned, "Why would you be in Slytherin, lad?"
Harry innocently replied, "Because that's where you were sorted into."
Arcturus replied, "You can be sorted into Slytherin as well but remember this lad that it will not win you any allies.
Most of the school despises Slytherin house and you need people around you who will be able to help you.
I would rather that you go to Gryffindor and act like a Slytherin."
Harry had said nothing but grinned at the thought.
His spell training also had been coming along beautifully and Remus had at times taken him to see Dueling tournaments so that he would know what it was like.
When they had returned, he had used the Pensieve in his office to see the memories of all the tournaments and pestered Remus to tell him about the spells he had seen flying.
He used to spend an insane amount of time in the Black Library reading spell books learning new spells, hexes and jinxes.
While he could not practice them yet, he was sure itching to.
Arcturus was sure that as soon as he was off to Hogwarts, he would start learning those spells.
He had also engaged a duel master (under Oath) to teach dueling to Harry, something that he felt every Pureblood Lord should do for his heir.
Another thing that the boy loved was flying.
When he was six, Arcturus had ordered a Comet 260 for him and since then Harry Potter spent as much time in the air as he did on the ground.
He had been to some weekend games with Remus (under Glamours) and saw professional Quidditch players in action and whenever he came home, he would try to imitate their movements.
Harry was fantastic on a broom and often scared him with his stunts.
He also liked to ride the animals that were in the castle.
His elves had taught him about Hippogriff riding, horse riding and to tend and care for the animals.
He had also taught him Occlumency and Legilimency since they were useful arts and a must for the heirs of Houses.
It had been incredibly hard but at last, the boy had been able to construct some serious mental defences.
A further six months had passed before he learned to keep them up at all times and to detect an intrusion.
In the last 8 years, they had taught Harry Potter everything that they could and now the time was coming for him to go out in the world and show his talents.
Arcturus also had to commit the secret of Horcruxes to someone else who would be able to look for them and help the lad fulfil his destiny because he felt it in his bones that he had not much time left before he was reunited with Melania, Charlus and Dorea.
His only regret was that he had not been able to help Sirius anyway despite knowing that he was innocent of betraying his friends.
The Wizengamot asked for proof after all and he still did not know what had transpired on that night with Peter Pettigrew.
July, 1991, Hogwarts Albus and Minerva were looking at the enchanted quill writing names inviting students for admittance at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
The quill halted as it came to Harry's name and after a second began to write, Hadrian Potter- Black Chateau de Black France Albus watched in horror as the letter was sealed in an envelope and was dispatched.
If the boy was being raised by the House of Black, they might have turned him to the Dark.
He was being kept out of Wizarding Britain and this explained why they were never able to find him.
Albus knew that going to Chateau de Black and asking for custody of Harry Potter would be a bad idea because whoever was alive in the House of Black would hate him with a passion.
He decided to see if Harry Potter would accept the invitation and attend Hogwarts or go to study somewhere else altogether, Durmstrang for instance.
France Arcturus had come to live in the Chateau de Black in France a few months ago after he had heard of Cassiopeia's passing.
Her death had been the hardest on him since he felt that she had been the most sensible of his siblings.
She knew that she would be married off as a trophy wife to some pureblood and therefore had not married and lived life as she desired.
He also did not want anyone else to know that he was living in the Black Castle which they would know after Harry's admittance letter was sent.
He had also informally declared Harry as his heir a month ago and promised him that they would fetch his heir rings when they went to Gringotts on his eleventh birthday.
He remembered the Goblin's request but had chosen to leave his investment as heir till his eleventh birthday since it would give them sufficient time to make him ready for anything that may come and they could avoid any unsavoury person from finding them.
Just then Harry came running into the room clutching a red letter in his hands bearing the Hogwarts crest and jumping on the balls of his feet, "Grand-uncle, my letter has come!"
He chuckled and had to tell the boy to behave before he settled down.
In the past years, he had tried to get the boy to call him Grand-father or Lord Black but he always called him grand-uncle.
As the boy was still excited, he had to admonish him a little, "Control yourself, Harry.
As we had decided, you will get to go to Hogwarts if you can write the letter in response by yourself without asking help from me and Moony."
Harry had immediately sat down to write the letter.
"Dear Professor McGonagall, Greetings to you.
I hope that this letter finds you in good health.
I am writing this letter in response to your letter offering me admittance to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.
I will take the Hogwarts Express from King's Cross on 1st September with the other students.
Hadrian Potter-Black Heir to House of Potter and House of Black" Arcturus read the letter once and dried the ink.
Harry sealed the parchment with the seal of House Potter (Goblins had sent the signet) and whistled.
A falcon flew into the room and Harry grinned, "Zeus, up for a long flight?"
The bird cocked its head as if saying yes and Harry attached the letter to its talons and the falcon took off.
Arcturus sighed.
He had done what he could to make the boy ready and hoped that nothing bad would come of it for anyone.
31st July 1991 Remus woke Harry early and sent him to bathe while Kreacher laid out his clothes for him.
A black shirt with black trousers, a Gryffindor red robe made of Acromantula silk with a cloak of the same material and dragon hide boots.
As Harry returned to his room, he found a little pile of gifts on his bed and tore through the packing eagerly.
Arcturus had given him an Auror grade Wand-holster something that he wanted but never asked, along with a wand- kit.
Remus had given him a set of books about practical defense.
Daphne and Astoria had sent him a silver bracelet with an emerald stone embedded in it while Neville had sent him a book on plants.
They had planted a Green House in Longbottom manor and both worked there with equal interest though Neville was undoubtedly better than him at Herbology.
He had sent Neville's gift to him a week ago.
It was a rare plant that the Longbottom greenhouses lacked.
After he was dressed up, he was trying to flatten his hair down when Remus came into the room, "you are fighting a losing battle there, cub.
This is Potter hair which can never settle down.
The only thing that seems to work on this is the Sleak-easy potion which was invented by Lord Potter."
He produced a bottle of the said potion and liberally applied it to his hair and it was tamed down a bit so that he would not look like a manner less wizard.
Then Remus started to apply glamour charms on him.
He lengthened his hair turning it to brown, changed his eye colour to steel gray, and raised his cheek bones.
When Harry entered the Lord's study, he found that Arcturus was likewise under Glamour charms.
Remus and Harry accompanied the older wizard to the fire-place where Arcturus threw in a pinch of floo powder into the grate and called, "#12, Grimmauld Place."
Harry and Remus followed suit.
Soon they appeared in the Black Townhouse where Harry was assigned a room upstairs.
The House was too dark for his taste and gave him a sense of foreboding.
Lipsy, Mipsy and Tipsy had been there for a week now cleaning the place and making it fit for use.
Harry turned to Arcturus, "Grand-uncle, I do not like the decorations of the house.
It is too dark and looks like a house of Dark Wizards."
Arcturus frowned, "You know, I think the House needs remodeling now.
Worry not lad, I will call in people to redo the whole house.
For now we will make do with what we have."
After they had been served a hefty lunch by the elves, they flooed to the Leaky Cauldron.
Since they were all under Glamour charms, nobody could identify them.
They walked up to the bank while Harry was looking in all directions trying to take in all that was happening around them.
The lad had been stopping at every step to look at every window display, to take in everything that was there to see.
He was also intrigued when he had stopped and read the warning that was written outside the bank where two goblins stood as sentry.
They approached a teller Arcturus respectfully said to a teller goblin, "I am here to see Iron Tooth, manager of House Black."
The goblin who still had not looked up from his ledger, sneered, "Iron Tooth is not an ordinary goblin, wizard.
He does not meet everyone who walks through that door."
Arcturus pulled out a knife from his robes and buried it hilt deep into the desk of the teller and snarled, "If you can recognize the crest on the knife, you will take us to Iron Tooth or I will ensure that your head rolls for this."
The goblin looked at the knife and gasped.
He immediately jumped down from his table and stuttered, "Of... Of course Lord Black.
I will fetch him for you."
As the goblin ran to fetch Iron Tooth, Arcturus wrenched his dagger free of the table and waited.
A minute or so passed and Iron Tooth came running and bowed to Arcturus, "Lord Black, King Ragnok had instructed us to take you directly to him when you come to the Bank."
Arcturus replied, "Then let us not tarry, Iron Tooth.
As it happens, I have a lot to talk to him about."
They followed the goblin to Ragnok and were given seats while refreshment was called for.
After they all had made themselves comfortable, Ragnok opened the conversation, "Lord Black it has been a while since you came here.
We expected Harry Potter here at the age of eight to become the heir of the House of Potter but you explained in a letter that he would not be coming to us before his eleventh birthday and for good reasons.
Now that you are here, let us give him his parent's will, his heir rings and take care of any other matters that you may be worried about."
Arcturus nodded, "Let's begin then."
Ragnok produced a parchment and a red quill then gave them to Harry, "Mr. Potter, please write your name on this parchment with this quill."
Harry of course knew what a blood quill was.
It had been part of his instruction and he had not liked it a bit but Arcturus had explained why it was important.
He wrote the name on the parchment and words began to appear.
Ragnok looked at the results and then handed them to Arcturus.
The parchment did not contain anything out of the ordinary.
Hadrian Potter Black Father's name- James Charlus Potter Father- Charlus Henry Potter Mother- Dorea Potter nee Black Mother's name- Lily Potter nee Evans Father- Harrison Evans Mother- Margaret Evans Heir apparent to- House of Potter, House of Black Ragnok pushed a button on his desk and a goblin entered.
He barked orders at him and while they waited, Arcturus turned to Ragnok, "Ragnok, if it is all the same to you perhaps we can deal with other matters in the meanwhile?"
The goblin nodded, "As you say, Lord Black.
The next thing on the agenda is to appoint a manager for House Potter."
Arcturus had given it some thought and made a decision while conferring with Harry.
He turned to Ragnok, "House Potter would appoint like to appoint Iron Tooth as Account Manager for House Potter because Harry is heir to both the houses and as such, he will become the lord in the future.
It will be convenient for him and for Gringotts."
Ragnok nodded, "It will be done Lord Black."
He turned to Iron Tooth and gave some orders and the goblin left.
Sometime later, the goblin who had been sent to fetch the will returned and presented it to Ragnok who gave it to Harry.
With trembling hands, Harry started to read: We, Lord James Charlus Potter and Lady Lily Potter do hereby declare this to be our last bequest made in good faith and in sound health and fit state of mind.
Any other bequest which exists at this point of time is null and void.
To Sirius Orion Black, we leave a million Galleons and our son Hadrian Potter with the hope that he will be a good god-father to him who will teach him to be a better man and great wizard.
Padfoot, you fought with us tooth and nail for this honour over Moony and Wormtail and now it is upon you to make him a better person.
To Remus Lyall Lupin, we leave five hundred thousand Galleons and the country estate in Sheffield with the hopes that you will do your duty as an uncle to Hadrian in case Padfoot only tries to teach him to be a prankster.
Moony, please find a witch who would love you ignoring your furry little problem and start a family with her so Harry will have someone his age to play with.
We would have given you more but we know your dignity would not allow you to accept it.
To Peter Almeidus Pettigrew, we leave two hundred thousand Galleons to help you start the business you always wanted and to help you achieve your dream of travelling around the world.
However if you have betrayed us Wormtail, we hope that you will die paying for your crimes.
To Frank Jeremy Longbottom and Alice Longbottom, we leave five hundred thousand Galleons with the hope that you will look after Harry as you would look after your own son, Neville who is our godson.
To Neville Frank Longbottom, we leave two hundred thousand Galleons in the hopes that you will grow up to be a fine young man and make your parents proud.
We are sorry that we could not be around to see you grow up.
Through this testament, we also establish a trust with corpus fund of five hundred thousand Galleons to help pay for those students who cannot afford school supplies.
This fund shall be held in trust by Lord Ragnok of Gringotts and the money will be invested by him as he sees fit while he finances the education of those students who cannot afford their education easily.
The rest of our wealth will go to our son, Hadrian Potter.
Harry, we wanted to be there for you but the war and threat of Voldemort is hanging over our heads like a sword and if we have died, remember that we died doing what was our duty.
We hope that you will have a long, happy and fulfilling life ahead.
We provide a list of persons who shall get the custody of Harry Potter in event of our untimely demise.
1.
Alice Longbottom, God Mother to Hadrian James Potter or their legal relatives.
2.
Sirius Orion Black, God Father to Hadrian James Potter or their legal relatives.
3.
Remus Lupin, friend of the family.
4.
Minerva McGonagall, Transfiguration Professor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry and God mother to Lord James Charlus Potter.
James Charlus Potter and Lily Potter Lord and Lady Potter" After Harry finished reading the will, he wordlessly handed it to Arcturus and turned to Ragnok, "Since Sirius Black is incarcerated and Peter Pettigrew is supposedly dead, does it mean that those provisions of the bequest will not be enforced?"
The Goblin nodded, "You are right, Mr. Potter.
Would you like for the other provisions of the will to be put into effect immediately?"
Harry nodded, "Yes please."
Arcturus who had been sitting strangely quiet, started speaking excitedly, "This will proves that Sirius is innocent."
Harry excitedly said, "Then let us take this to the ministry and ask them to release him."
Arcturus sighed, "Alas!
This will does not state that Peter was their secret keeper and we also do not know about the events of that night when Sirius allegedly killed him and 12 muggles.
We will need something more than this to ensure that he is exonerated."
Just then Iron Tooth entered the room and placed an ornate wooden box on the table.
It was made of cedar and contained two rings.
One had the Potter Crest while the other had the Black crest.
Ragnok handed the rings to Harry telling him, "Place the Potter ring first and then the Black ring.
If the House Magic accepts you, you will know it."
Harry wore the rings one by one.
While the Potter ring fit his finger almost instantly the Black ring scanned him for quite some time before it fit in his finger and melded with the Potter ring.
Ragnok congratulated him, "Congratulations Mr. Potter.
I apologize that I cannot give you access to your family vaults until you reach the age of majority and ascend as Lord Potter.
Until then, you have access to your trust vault.
It will give you access up to five hundred thousand Galleons per year, refilling from your family vaults annually.
We will send your quarterly statement to you via owl."
Arcturus obtained a pouch from Iron Tooth which he gave to Harry.
It was connected to Harry's trust vault and it would never be empty so long as he still had funds there.
Their business done, they left the bank.
As they were approaching Madam Malkin's, Harry asked something which had just come into his mind, "Grand-uncle, you have told me several times that I am very famus.
Why is it that I have never received a letter from anyone in the wizarding world?"
Remus snorted while Arcturus smirked, "When you were brought to Black Castle, we discovered that you had mail wards on you meaning no one could have sent you letters at the Muggle's home.
I think Dumbledore placed the ward on you so that hundreds of owls would not be seen flying around a muggle house and attract unnecessary attention.
As you came to Black Castle, we called in a curse breaker to determine that there were no wards upon you which would harm you.
He found that you had a mail ward on your person and another ward tied to you which would keep the caster informed about your well-being.
We had him break the mail ward and as you know there are some heavy mail wards around Black Castle and every letter which was sent to you was redirected to a chamber where they still lie to this day.
Many were from witches and wizards congratulating you for a feat you would not remember doing while a lot were from witches of your age who perhaps had taken a fancy to the boy-who-lived.
You can read them at your leisure when you return to Black Castle at the end of your first year."
Harry blushed but kept his expression carefully neutral.
Arcturus sent him to Madam Malkin's with Remus while he went off to buy something.
What that something was, he was keeping to himself.
The witch in the shop ushered him in, "Hogwarts dear?
Go to the back and have your measurements taken.
Another boy is being fitted there."
Harry entered the back of the shop and stood on a stool while a measuring tape was taking his measurements.
The other boy had platinum blond hair, a long face, and steel gray eyes.
Harry felt like there was something familiar about the other boy but Harry could not place it.
The other boy asked him, "Are you going to Hogwarts too?"
Harry nodded, "Yes."
The boy said, "Do you know which house you will be in?
I bet I will be in Slytherin."
Harry shrugged, "We won't know that before we get there, will we?"
The other boy who could not take the hint that Harry was not willing to talk, said again, "My parents are next door, looking for books.
I think I will bully them into buying me a broom and then smuggle it into school.
What is your favorite Quidditch team?"
Harry replied, "I have none."
The other boy asked, "Where are your parents?"
Harry replied off-handedly, "They are dead."
The other boy asked again, "But they were like us, right?
Magicals?"
Before Harry could think of an answer, the witch told Harry that his measurements were done and he was thankful for the escape.
He had not wanted to come to Madam Malkin's in the first place because he had wardrobes over-flowing with clothes both, wizarding wear and muggle but Arcturus had insisted that since he had no dress robes, he would have to buy some.
They left after an hour with 5 school robes and other required items.
The next stop was the trunk shop.
Arcturus had many sophisticated trunks in the castle but he wanted Harry to have something simple.
They chose a two compartment trunk- one a library and other a wardrobe.
They also selected to couple it with a feather-light charm, a locomotor charm and shrinking runes.
While the trunk was being made ready, they had a big ice-cream from Fortescue's cafe and after that they went to Eeylops Owl Emporium where Arcturus bought him a Snow White beautiful owl which he would later name Hedwig.
When he asked why he was being given an owl, Arcturus told him that Falcons were not allowed at the school as they could attack the school owls.
When they reached the Black Town House, Harry found a parcel on the bed waiting for him.
There was no name on the packet though except a small piece of parchment which read, "Harry Potter."
He hollered for Remus and the werewolf came running up with Arcturus and he showed the packet to them.
Remus cast some detection spells at the packet and nothing dangerous was revealed.
Harry opened the packet cautiously and something soft and silky fell out of the packet.
Remus cried, "That is James's invisibility cloak which has been missing all these years.
I wonder who had it."
Harry looked through the wrapping and found a letter: "This was left with me by your father shortly before he died.
I needed this to research some old magics.
It is time that it was returned to it's rightful owner.
Use it well.
Happy Birthday, Hadrian Potter Black."
Remus looked at the letter and said, "This is Dumbledore's handwriting.
I wonder why he needed this cloak when he can be invisible without using the cloak."
Arcturus said nothing but mentally smirked.
He knew of the legend of the cloak, having being told about it by Charlus Potter.
He resolved to make sure that Harry Potter learned about his heritage.
1st September 1991 Finally the day was here when Hadrian Potter Black was to embark on the next phase of Arcturus's plan.
Arcturus had talked about his plans with Harry at length and Harry had agreed with them.
They had decided that together they would win the wizarding world to their side so that if Voldemort arose during his lifetime, he would not have much ground to stand on.
In the last month, Harry had visited Neville or Daphne almost daily.
Since they were all in London, they got together for a study session or swimming or a day in the Longbottom greenhouse and Arcturus was hopeful that he had got friends who would stand through the thick and thin with him.
There was nothing more that he could do except watch while Hadrian Potter  Black conquered the wizarding world inch by inch.
Sometimes they went out to Diagon Alley with Harry under glamour charms and visited the shops and have fun in general.
They all had decided to meet at Platform 9  King's Cross, London.
Harry flooed to the platform at 10:00 .
.
with Remus who had applied some glamours(they were keeping his involvement secret) and Lord Black who had returned almost instantly after seeing him through the floo.
He took a seat at the end of the train in a compartment which was empty and waited for the others.
Daphne flooed in after sometime and hugged him before going to find her other friend- Tracy Davis.
They had decided not to take the first ride together as it was necessary for their plans.
Neville arrived sometime later with his grand-mother who embraced Harry like a grandson before she flooed back to Longbottom Manor.
10 minutes before the train started, a family of red-heads entered the platform through the barrier.
Neville pointed them out to Harry, "They are the Weasleys.
They are a good family but are generally looked down upon because of their scorn of pure-bloods.
They had a seat on the Wizengamot but were ousted from it due to some under-handed deal involving Lord Malfoy about 70 years ago."
Harry nodded, "Grand-uncle told me about it.
They are also related to me through Great Aunt Cedrella Weasley nee Black."
The train started after sometime and they were exchanging chocolate frogs with each other when a red headed boy opened the door, "Can I sit here?
Everywhere else is full."
Harry cordially invited him in, "Sure, come in."
The boy introduced himself, "I am Ronald Weasley."
Harry replied, "This is Neville Longbottom and I am Hadrian Jameson."
He didn't want it to be known that he was attending Hogwarts before the sorting.
There would be time enough for gawkers to gawk at him.
They were making small talk with each other for some time when Ron brought his pet into the conversation, "This is Scabbers, my rat."
Scabbers it turned out had an appetite to rival his master.
He ate his share of everything that Ronaldate.
The rat was running across the length of the compartment and climbing up and down making them laugh.
Harry remembered his camera which he had packed in his trunk and brought it out and started clicking some pictures of the three boys including the rat.
He decided to develop them at the end of the week and send them to Remus to start an album of Harry's school days.
The lunch trolley came by and even though the boys were full, they bought something of everything.
Ron who had brought sandwiches was invited to partake in their purchases which he did happily.
After a few hours, the boy he had met at Madam Malkin's came into their compartment with two others looking for something to eat and bullying people in general.
He said to the compartment in general, "Look boys, these fine people have so much left to eat still.
We will take their food."
Neville glared at him, "No one invited you in here."
The boy said, "Still we are not leaving.
We are done with our food and you have lots left."
Harry was getting tired of the bully.
He told him flatly, "You are getting tiresome.
Go now or I will make you go."
One of the boys reached for their food pile and came up with Scabbers who bit his finger.
With that, they decided it was time for them to leave.
Hearing the commotion, a buck-toothed, bushy haired girl entered their compartment, "Were you all fighting?
You are going to lose points before you reach the school."
Ron replied, "No, we were not fighting but Scabbers was.
Who are you by the way?"
The girl replied, "I am Hermione Granger, muggle-born.
Who are you all?"
Harry answered, "This is Ronald Weasley, this is Neville Longbottom and I am Hadrian Jameson."
Hermione asked again, "Have you people studied ahead for the classes?
I bet I am far behind many of the students.
I have read all my course books though and have learned them by heart."
She was speaking so fast that it was hard to make her words out so Harry just shook his head in denial.
Telling them to get ready, she left them in their compartment.
Ronald sighed, "I just hope she doesn't wind up in the same house as me."
Talks then turned towards sorting with everyone guessing how sorting was done at the school.
While Harry knew how it was done, he decided not to mention it to Ron to ruin his surprise.
He would find out for himself soon enough.
Harry said nothing but pulled a book out and started reading while Neville did the same.
It had become a habit for them to read if there was nothing more to do.
They had talked about their families at length during the last few hours (mostly Ron did) and had eaten together.
There was nothing more to do for them.
Soon the announcement was being made for them to leave their luggage on the train from where it would be taken to Hogwarts.
The boys changed into their robes.
When they got off the train, they heard a loud booming voice calling, "First yers!
First yers!
Ove here!"
A giant (by their standards anyway) with a lantern in his hand, bushy beard, beetle black eyes and dense beard was collecting the first years together.
As they were all with him, he started taking them to the edge of the lake where he assigned them to boats, "no more than 4 to each boat."
Harry climbed into a boat with Neville, the girl from the train and Ronald.
Daphne deliberately chose another boat but they shared a look which meant things were going well with them.
As the boats sped forward they came into the first view of the castle.
Harry had to remember to breathe as he took in the sight of the castle with its towering turrets and light shining from its sparkling windows.
The place looked formidable, beautiful and enduring.
No verbal description of the place from Remus prepared him for the actual sight.
Harry remembered his camera and holding it as steady as he could, took some pictures while he could still get the whole building into frame.
Hagrid led them to a side door in the castle where he banged on large double doors three times.
The doors were opened by a stern looking witch, her hair tied into a bun on her head, her lips firmly pursed into a thin line and her expressions foreboding.
Harry had the impression that it was a teacher one should not cross.
"First yers, Professor McGonagall.
", said Hagrid, consigning the group to the stern looking witch.
He then headed off through another door.
She took them to a chamber and started addressing them, "Welcome to Hogwarts.
The start of term feast will begin shortly.
Before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your houses.
The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your house will be something like your family within Hogwarts.
You will have classes with the rest of your house, sleep in your house dormitory and spend free time in your house common room.
The four houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw and Slytherin.
Each house has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards.
While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your house points, while any rule-breaking will lose house points.
At the end of the year, the house with the most points is awarded the House Cup, a great honour.
I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever house becomes yours.
The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school.
I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting."
Harry did not understand what he could do to smarten himself up except try to tame his hair.
But he knew that was a losing battle.
Every Potter male was cursed with the same hair.
As they were waiting some students jumped in fright as pearly white ghosts drifted out of a wall talking among themselves and arguing what to do about Peeves.
One of them noticed the students and asked them what they were doing while others guessed that they were waiting to be sorted.
McGonagall led them into the Great Hall and Harry was amazed at the size of the hall.
While he had lived in a castle for the last 9 years, the Great Hall was twice the size of the hall at Black Castle and looked more magnificent with the ceiling charmed to look like the sky outside.
She took them all near the staff table while Hermione kept reciting facts about the school from "Hogwarts: A History' like how the ceiling had been charmed.
After Professor McGonagall told them how they were to be sorted and started calling out names, he waited while he watched others getting sorted.
He was casting a keen eye over the other students to sight some potential allies among his year mates.
While some were sorted almost immediately, the hat deliberated over others.
Harry hoped that none of them would become "hatstall", one who could not be sorted even after the Hat had deliberated over them for 5 minutes.
He was so lost in his musings that he missed the whole song of the Sorting Hat.
Abbott Hannah was the first to be sorted and went into Hufflepuff, followed by Bones Susan who also went to Hufflepuff.
Terry Boot became the first Ravenclaw followed by Mandy Brocklehurst who followed Boot into Ravenclaw.
Lavender Brown became the first Gryffindor almost immediately followed by a big looking girl named Milicent Bulstrode who was sorted into Slytherin followed by a trollish looking boy called Vincent Crabbe who was sorted into Slytherin.
Michael Corner again was sorted into Ravenclaw followed by Stephen Cornfoot and Tracy Davis became Slytherin with Fay Dunbar being sorted into Gryffindor, then came Kevin Entwhile and Justin Finch Fletchley who both were sorted into Hufflepuff.
Seamus Finnigan going to Gryffindor and Anthony Goldstein went to Ravenclaw.
Finally it was Hermione's turn and she eagerly put the hat on her head and it started speaking in her head, "What do we have here?
Oh you have a well organized mind here.
You have a thirst for knowledge but you are also brave and do not hesitate to take a stand.
Ravenclaw would be good for you and so would Gryffindor, so, where to send you?"
Hermione spoke, "Can you send me to Gryffindor?
It will be good there for me."
The hat agreed, "Ravenclaw would be fit for you equally but you are inclined to Gryffindor more.
So you are going to GRYFFINDOR."
The hat said the words to the Great Hall and the table with the red and gold banner burst into applause while Ron groaned.
Professor McGonagall called the next name "Daphne Greengrass' and Harry attentively watched the sorting.
As Daphne put the hat on her head, the hat spoke, "You have thirst of knowledge and the ambition of Slytherin.
I know of just the place to sort you.
SLYTHERIN."
She happily walked to the Green and Silver bannered table.
Gregory Goyle soon followed suit into Slytherin while Wayne Hopkins and Megan Jones went to Hufflepuff.
Sue Li was sorted into Ravenclaw and then it was Neville's turn.
Neville shuffled nervously towards the stool and put the hat on his head.
The hat said, "Oh I see.
You have lived under the shadow of your parents' fame.
I can see you are hard-working and loyal, the traits of Hufflepuff but there is an underlying sense of bravery and chivalry.
You will do well in "GRYFFINDOR."
Harry noticed that Hermione and Neville both came close to hatstall but had been sorted before the 5 minute mark.
When McGonagall called "Draco Malfoy' the boy from the train walked up to the stool and as soon as the hat had touched his head, the hat called out "Slytherin."
Smirking in pleasure, he strode to the table with the Green and Silver banner.
Isobel McDougall was sorted into Ravenclaw while Ernie McMillan was sent into Hufflepuff.
Lilith Moon, Theodore Nott and Pansy Parkinson were sorted into Slytherin and then the Patil twins were called who were sorted into Ravenclaw and Gryffindor respectively.
Sally Anne Perks was sent into Hufflepuff and Harry was feeling the jitters knowing he was next.
This was the moment that would determine whether their preparations had been enough.
McGonagall called "Hadrian Potter-Black" and there was complete silence in the Great Hall.
While people did not know him by Hadrian yet everyone knew he was the last Potter and so everyone was gawking at him as the hat sat on his head.
The hat examined his mind for some moments and then said, "I must say I am surprised Mr. Potter-Black.
You have a well organized mind with some serious mental shields.
I can see cunning, resourcefulness and ambition in you which are all the traits of Slytherin and no doubt you will learn to be great in Slytherin.
There are also underlying qualities of Bravery, Chivalry and courage in you which makes you worthy of Gryffindor.
What do you say, Mr.
Potter?"
Harry replied, "I would rather be in Gryffindor than Slytherin.
No true Slytherin would be sorted there if he could derive an advantage by being in another house."
The hat guffawed, "That is a good point however logic does not work here.
I still think you would do well in Slytherin."
Harry frantically said, "No I refuse to go to Slytherin."
The Hat finally gave in, "Ok, if that is your wish, GRYFFINDOR."
The table with red and gold banners erupted in cheers while the Weasley twins were standing and chanting, "We got Potter, We got Potter."
Harry strode to the table and sat with Neville and the twins who thumped him on the shoulder.
Oliver Rivers was sent to Ravenclaw, Ellia Runcorn was sent to Gryffindor, Sally Smith and Zacharias Smith were sent to Hufflepuff, Dean Thomas joined Gryffindor while Lisa Turpin was sent to Ravenclaw.
Ronald was sorted to Gryffindor and Blaise Zabini was sorted into Slytherin.
After that Dumbledore stood up and said, "Welcome!
Welcome to a new year at Hogwarts!
Before we start our banquet, I would like to say a few words, Nitwit!
Blubber!
Oddment!
Tweak!, Thank you."
Everybody clapped and cheered while Harry did not know whether to laugh or not.
He turned to Percy Weasley who was sitting near him, "Is he mad?"
Percy said, "No.
He is a genius though a bit mad."
"Potato, Hadrian?
", he asked and Harry found that the feast had started and the tables were filled with food of all varieties.
Since he was feeling hungry, the food trolley on the train had been a long time ago, he tucked in while Ron was glaring at him.
After he was done eating, he turned to Ron, "What is the problem, Ron?
Did you not enjoy your food?"
Ron said snarkily, "Why didn't you tell me that you are Harry Potter?"
Harry frowned, "How does that make any difference?
And my name is Hadrian Potter-Black.
Please remember it."
Hermione who was seated near them said to him enthusiastically, "I have read all the books about you.
You are mentioned in the Rise and fall of the Dark Arts and Important Wizarding Events of the 20th Century."
Harry snorted, "Whatever is written there is false, Miss Granger."
She looked shocked, "What do you mean?
Books do not lie."
Harry told her calmly, "It is speculation at best.
I have been hidden away from the magical world for the last ten years.
As far as Wizarding Britain is concerned, living under a rock (Neville snorted) and no one save a handful of people knew my whereabouts.
There is no one alive to this day who knows about the events that transpired that night except me and I was too small to even hold a wand, how would I remember what had happened?"
Hermione opened her mouth to say something and then closed it again.
He had a point and she could not reply to it.
Harry further continued, "The children's story books about me are also fiction because I can attest that I have never seen a Nundu in my life, never mind petting one.
I do not live in a far off castle surrounded by scores of friends or know of any secret magics."
Just then, a ghost rose from the table and introduced himself as Sir Nicholas de Mimsy Porpington, the ghost of Gryffindor Tower.
Ron piped up and Said, "I know who you are.
You're Nearly Headless Nick!
Fred and George told me about you."
The ghost scowled, 'If you want to address me, call me Sir Nicholas.'
When Hermione asked him how he gained that name, he showed them how his neck was just hanging by sinews.
After that the talk turned towards other students who were telling of their family history, ancestry etc.
Harry watched around the great hall while he tried to take in everything he saw and heard.
He looked at the staff table and found a hook-nosed, greasy haired person sitting at the staff table talking to a nervous looking man who wore a ridiculously large turban.
He turned to Percy who had been talking to Hermione and answering her questions about studies.
She seemed fascinated by Transfiguration but was disheartened to know that they would not be transfiguring furniture into animals for now but small things like match-sticks into needles.
He asked Percy who was a prefect, "Percy, who are those two?"
Percy looked where he was pointing and answered, "They are Professor Quirinus Quirrell who teaches Defense against the Dark Arts and Professor Severus Snape who teaches Potions.
Snape has always wanted to teach Defense."
Harry was surprised but covered his surprise nicely.
He had heard from Lord Black that Severus Snape had been accused of being a death eater and to see him teaching here was discomforting for him.
Snape looked at him sharply just then and their eyes connected for a moment but then Snape looked away.
Dumbledore stood up again, "Now that you all are warm and fed, it is time that I give you all some notices before you are taken to your comfortably warm beds and tucked in to be ready for your lessons beginning tomorrow."
Everyone chuckled for a moment and Dumbledore started speaking again, "The forbidden forest is just that, forbidden.
The new students as well as some older students would do better to remember this (he looked at the Twins who were snickering).
Mr. Filch, our caretaker has reminded me this morning that no magic should be used in the corridors between classes.
The list of restricted objects has been extended and now includes 300 objects.
The complete list is posted outside his office to be examined by the students at their leisure.
I would take this opportunity to inform all the students that the right wing of the third floor is out of bounds for everyone this year if you do not want to die a horrible painful death."
Harry was among the few who laughed at his words but he was one of few to do so.
He asked Percy, "He is not serious.
Is he?
Percy said, "He must be serious.
I have never seen him joke about these things.
But he should have at least told us Prefects the reason for it."
Dumbledore led the school through the recital of the school song and then dismissed them.
First year Gryffindors were being led by Percy.
When they came to the stairs, there were some sticks floating in the air.
When the first years started to pass by, the sticks started shooting towards them.
Percy roared, "Peeves!"
Peeves the poltegrist appeared cackling, "Ickle firsties!
So much fun..." Harry had heard about the Poltergeist from Remus and how the Marauders used to include him in their pranks or sometimes make him the target of their pranks.
He would pay them back in kind whenever he got the chance.
Harry stepped forward and said to Peeves, "Peeves, the Marauders send their compliments.
They promise that they will return to harass you more."
The Poltergeist almost fell out of the air but was air-borne at the last moment.
He drifted away.
Percy said to him appreciatively, "that was very good Hadrian.
Nobody has managed to do this to him yet in my memory."
Harry said nothing but was inwardly planning all the mayhem that he would cause at Hogwarts while he appeared the naive and docile guy.
The Invisibility cloak had come as a blessing for him at the right moment.
When they reached the portrait hole, Percy gave the password, "Caput Draconis" and it swung outwards to allow them entrance.
Percy showed them the way to their dorms.
He explained the general rules and they retired to their dormitories.
REVIEWS PLEASEThe Great Hall Harry had stayed up late with his new room-mates.
Of course, he knew Neville well from the weeks they spent together while growing up.
He had met Ron on the train and they seemed to hit it off well, especially when Harry was open about how that git Malfoy and his two goons did not impress him.
Dean and Seamus seemed to know each other from their time before Hogwarts.
Dean seemed to be a pretty steady guy, but Seamus was entirely too fond of making things explode.
It was past midnight before Percy Weasley, Ron's older brother and a new prefect, came and threatened them with all kinds of dire consequences if they didn't settle down and get some sleep.
He also reminded them that the first day of class was tomorrow and they did not want to get off on the wrong foot with their teachers by falling asleep in class.
The gawking started the next day at breakfast as Harry had anticipated.
They had barely entered the Great Hall when he noticed eyes turning toward him.
He was still taking stock of the hot cereal, pan-cakes, waffles, French toast, bacon sausage, juice, scrambled eggs, syrups, marmalade, and more, trying to make up his mind about what to eat, when the first group approached him.
They were a delegation from Hufflepuff, lead by a very pretty first year with strawberry blond hair who introduced herself as Susan Bones.
Her friend was Hannah Abbott and there were a few other first years with them.
Next up was Daphne Greengrass who introduced her friend Tracey and a few other first years from Slytherin.
While they were visiting, Harry discreetly slipped her a note to meet him in the library after dinner.
She would have to look for a "notice Me Not" charm.
Of course, Draco and his squad, Crabb, Goyle and Parkinson did not join the parade.
It seemed to Harry that each of the other tables was watching, taking their turn to come and introduce themselves.
Some just wanted to say hello.
Some offered their friendship while many just wanted a closer look at the boy who lived to see if the reality was anything like the legend.
Most of them just came over, said hello and were gone before he could actually respond to those he found interesting.
As breakfast progressed, Harry grabbed mouthfuls of food between visitors.
He realized that today was going to be a long day.
His mind was reeling with all those people who were introducing themselves to him trying to become his friends.
As great-aunt Cassiopeia had taught him, he politely talked with every one, accepted their compliments and said a word or two in return to each one.
He had been surprised with the number of Slytherin students who came over to see him and convey their wishes or regards.
If he were a muggle-born he would have thought all of these people were trying to be his friends but being raised by Slytherins, he knew they were all trying to get in his good graces because he was the heir to House Black.
As he sat to breakfast with Neville on one side and Ron on the other, a tawny owl landed in front of him.
It had the Daily Prophet in its legs for him.
After paying the owl, he unfolded the paper and groaned.
The front page was splattered with a bold head line and a smiling photo somebody had been able to obtain without his knowing: "THE BOY-WHO-LIVED: THE SAVIOUR OF THE WIZARDING WORLD ARRIVES AT HOGWARTS By- Helena Campbell Yesterday, in the sorting of the smallest class yet at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, most of the populace of the wizarding world held their breath while they waited for the sorting of none other than the boy-who-lived Harry James Potter who we are told goes by Hadrian James Potter-Black now.
Yes dear reader, the saviour of the wizarding world has been raised by the family of the man who betrayed his parents to you-know-who.
(For more on Ancient and Most Noble House of Potter and Ancient and Most Noble House of Black, see P.8) While we do not yet know of the conditions of his placement with the House of Black, we had not anticipated that he would be given to the darkest of the families for being raised.
Some of the sources claim to have seen him wearing the heir ring of the House of Potter and Black indicating a family merger between the two houses.
Gringotts also confirmed that he is the heir of both houses by reason of being the last Potter and the heir of Black as he has been declared so by Lord Arcturus Orion Black who lives a reclusive life on the continent.
(For more on Lord Arcturus Orion Black, see P. 6) This also raises questions as to his well being and the choice of Albus Dumbledore who had assured the general wizarding populace that he was being hidden in a place which is safe from any kind of attack.
However sources have informed us that he is quite the charming young man who does not hold any bias against anyone.
In the sorting, it was observed that the hat took its time to sort him.
In fact, some of the sources suggest that he avoided being a hat-stall by a matter of a few seconds.
The final verdict of the hat was to sort him into Gryffindor where all his family had been sorted through the ages before.
There have been a lot of rumours about him and a rather popular book-series about the adventures of a fictional character based on him, it has been told that he dismissed everything about him as allegory with no substance to those rumours.
WE tried to contact Lord Black, Professor Dumbledore and Hadrian Potter-Black but none of them were available for comment.
We at the Daily Prophet, wish him good luck for his life ahead and hope that he will become a pillar of the community as his family always has been."
Harry read the article and grimaced while people whispered around him.
Other than that swipe they took at Sirius, the article was fairly accurate.
What bothered him was the realisation that he would not be allowed to have a private life.
It did look, however, looked like Dumbledore had taken steps to at least keep the press out of the school and Harry was thankful for that small mercy.
It would be exceedingly hard to get on with his studies if he had to dodge interviewers and cameras every time he walked the hallways.
He was still lost in thought when Hermione Granger joined them, sitting down across from him.
She noticed the frown on his face and asked, "Hadrian, what is the matter?"
It was Neville who answered, "The Daily Prophet got wind of him and his sorting.
Perhaps someone in the castle sold the story to them last night for few Galleons".
As breakfast was going on, Zeus landed in the room and held out its claw for Harry.
Harry gleefully took the letter while petting the bird.
People around him were openly gawking now.
They had seen all kinds of owls delivering the post, but a falcon was unique in their experience.
The letter was from Moony who wanted to know about his day so far, how he was settling into the castle and everything that he had done or not done.
Harry fed the falcon some bacon and sent him away to the owlery saying that he will have a letter for him when he had time to write it.
After classes were over for the day, Harry intended to spend the rest of the afternoon and evening going around the castle, trying to learn all the secret ways and everything that was worth knowing or would help him in pranking.
He had notes from Remus about all the secret passages within the castle that the werewolf could remember and Harry was determined to learn them all.
Harry's belly was getting quite full of all the marvelous food as his head was also quite full of the names of all the people who had introduced themselves.
The signal that breakfast was over was given when the dishes on the table were all suddenly empty and clean.
Harry observed as four of the professors rose from the staff table and proceeded to the house tables.
The greasy haired, sallow complexioned, hook nosed wizard all dressed in black went to the Slytherin table.
The witch with the fly-away hair, wearing the patched hat went to the Hufflepuff table.
The diminutive, energetic wizard trotted over to the Ravenclaw table.
The tall, stern looking witch with her hair in a tight bun, was heading his way with a stack of parchments in her hand.
With a wave of her wand, the parchments flew out of her left hand and landed, one in front of each student.
When Harry looked down at his, he realized that it was his time-table.
"Hadrian James Potter-Black, First Year 1991-1992 Monday: 9:00 Charms - Charms Classroom, Professor Filius Flitwick with Hufflepuff; 10:30 Herbology  Greenhouses, Professor Pomona Sprout with Hufflepuff; Noon Lunch - Great Hall; 1:30 Double Transfigurations - Transfiguration Classroom Professor Minerva McGonagall with Ravenclaw.
Tuesday: 9:00 Double Defence Against the Dark Arts - Defence Classroom Professor Quirinus Quirrell with Ravenclaw; Noon Lunch - Great Hall; 1:30 Herbology  Greenhouses Professor Pomona Sprout with Hufflepuff.
Wednesday: 9:00 Charms - Charms Classroom Professor Filius Flitwick with Hufflepuff; 10:30 Defence Against the Dark Arts - Defence Classroom Professor Quirinus Quirrell with Ravenclaw; Noon Lunch - Great Hall; 1:30 Double History of Magic - History Classroom Professor Cuthbert Binns with Ravenclaw 9:00 PM Double Astronomy - Top of Astronomy Tower Professor Aurora Sinistra with Hufflepuff Thursday: 9:00 Herbology  Greenhouses Professor Pomona Sprout with Hufflepuff; 10:30 Transfigurations - Transfiguration Classroom Professor Minerva McGonagall with Ravenclaw; Noon Lunch - Great Hall 1:30 Charms - Charms Classroom Professor Filius Flitwickwith Hufflepuff; 3:30 Flying - Quidditch Pitch Madam Rolanda Hoochwith Slytherin.
Friday: 9:00 Double Potions - Potions Dungeon Professor Severus Snape with Slytherin; Noon Lunch - Great Hall; Charms Classroom Thanks to Remus, Harry knew that charms classes took place on the second floor.
Finding the Charms classroom did not take him long.
Harry's first ever class at Hogwarts was charms attended with the Hufflepuffs.
The diminutive charms professor climbed a stack of books to reach his chair and started calling out their names.
When he read out Harry's name, he squeaked and toppled off of his chair.
The charms professor set them to learn the "Lumos" and "Nox" charm.
Harry had scoffed at the idea initially wondering why would this spell need to be taught but one look at the Muggleborn students and he realised why they needed to learn the charm.
He had been brought up in a castle where he had been carefully taught and practiced from an early age.
But some of these muggle-born did not even know that magic was real until about two months ago at most.
The charms teacher was a cheerful and energetic person who made sure the students understood the theory first and then demonstrated the spell.
He asked very few questions of the students.
But when they had a question which was rare, he quickly and cheerfully gave short and clear answers.
Harry had already shown his proficiency in Lumos and Nox and now was trying his hand at the petrification hex.
He knew how to cast it perfectly and did that while the muggle-born finished learning Lumos and Nox.
He had plans to corner the Charms teacher to teach him duelling because he wanted to participate in the World Under-14 duelling championship.
The Charms Professor had been a duelling champion for 9 years in a row and there were things that Harry could learn from him.
The Greenhouses Next up was his first lesson in Herbology with the Hufflepuffs.
They moved in one great mass from the Charms classroom, down the trick stairs and out the front doors of the castle to the greenhouses.
Waiting outside the Greenhouses to greet them was Professor Sprout.
Harry's first impression of her from the welcoming feast the night before was that this witch did not care much for her own appearance.
Now that harry saw her up close, He could see that she had a kind face, with fly away hair and a laughing, cheerful yet careful nature.
Having already taught one class today, there were visible signs of toil, soil and sweat on her generous and well-muscled frame.
Harry guessed that working with plants all day was physically taxing and given what he already knew about magical plants, often dangerous.
She was also the Head of House for Hufflepuff.
It was rumoured that she gave special lessons to her house in herbology by decorating the Common Room with plants from her lessons.
She escorted them inside of Greenhouse number one.
This was where the mostly harmless plants were kept, only slight variants from many plants known by muggles.
When they were all gathered around the tables, she started addressing them.
"Welcome to Herbology.
This subject attracts two types of people; those who love plants and those who wish to be potions masters.
A large majority of potions ingredients come from plants both magical and mundane.
It would be impossible to do anything original with potions without understanding these plants, knowing their properties, how to care for them and how to harvest them.
As for my fellow plant lovers, I just find it relaxing and rewarding to see them healthy, growing and maturing.
When a plant is not doing well, I take it as a personal challenge to determine what ails it and cure it.
I hope that some of you may feel the same way.
My job is to teach you all of these things.
"Before we begin, there are a few things that you should know.
First, I do not waste my breath.
If I caution you about something that a plant does, it is for your own safety.
Please pay attention.
Second, always wear your dragon-hide gloves.
You will be handling plants which have poisonous barbs, corrosive sap, teeth and more.
You will also be handling fertilizer.
Need I remind you of wear that comes from?
You do not want any of this in contact with your skin or it will be a trip to the hospital wing to visit with Madame Pomfrey.
Third, If a plant does attack you, you are permitted to yell, and yes swear if you must, to get our attention and alert the people around you to the danger.
Fourth and finally, there will be no time wasting in my class.
Our greenhouses are vast and there are always some plants in need of attention.
Are there any questions?"
Seamus raised his hand, "Professor, if a plant does attack one of us, what should we do?"
She responded, "Finnigan isn't it?
It is best to sound the alarm and get out of the reach of the plant immediately.
a plant can be repelled with the Flippendo jinx.
If, however, you are not able to disentangle yourself, most animate plants can be stopped, without doing any serious harm to them, with a stunner.
If, however the plant cannot be stopped in any other way, you may be forced to destroy it with Incendio.
We will spend some of this class making sure that all of you can use those spells."
She taught them about Asphodel its qualities, its uses and other details associated with that plant.
She also taught the spells she had mentioned.
During the class, Harry made his acquaintance with Ernie Macmillan whose family had been an ally of the Potters.
Ernie pompously promised to introduce him to others who were friends of House Potter.
When the class was over, she assigned them a foot of parchment to be turned in the next class about the Stupefy, Incendio and Flipendo jinx and their uses in Herbology with the incantation and wand movements.
The Great Hall By the time Harry had washed up and put on fresh robes, lunch in the Great Hall was well under way.
He made a mental note to work more on those household, clean-yourself-up type spells.
It occurred to him that they were huge time-savers.
Most of the lunch conversation was about the professors and what they had learned that morning.
The steady stream of visitors from Breakfast did not repeat itself.
Lunch, although he was late, still seemed to stretch out for a long time.
This afternoon would be a double transfigurations lesson with his head-of-house.
Transfigurations Classroom For the first transfigurations class, Harry had used a couple of the short-cuts which Moony had told him about to get from the Great Hall to the Transfiguration classroom on the second floor, and he was first to arrive at the class.
Some of the more observant Gryffindors were right behind him.
This was the first class that they were going to share with Ravenclaw.
He was ready to see the work of the house renowned for their cleverness.
When he entered the class, there was a tabby cat sitting on the teacher's desk watching the students enter the room.
Having been forewarned by Remus, Harry knew that this was Professor McGonagall in her animagus form, waiting for the right time to surprise her students.
Even though Harry had made a vow to himself not to cross her, he felt that one good prank deserved another.
He drew his wand and started alternating between Lumos and Nox to flash a point of light near the cat.
She sat stiffly for a while, trying to pretend that chasing a point of light was beneath her dignity.
But, witch in disguise or not, a cat is a cat and she started chasing the light around the room.
After a few more minutes, the Ravenclaws arrived.
Harry, not wanting to humiliate the professor in front of the other students, had the cat chase the light right out of the room and doused his wand.
A few seconds later, Professor McGonagall entered the room, looking stoic, her mouth in a thin line and glaring at Harry.
He had to work hard to suppress a grin because he did not want to land in detention on the very first day of class.
She started the class with an introduction of her subject.
"Welcome to Transfiguration.
It is one of the most complex and exciting branches of magic.
This subject is useful in daily life as well as in combat to any witch or wizard.
With transfiguration you can learn to change one thing into another.".
When she flourished her wand, her desk changed into a pig then the pig transformed back into a desk to great applause from the students.
Then she continued, "Since this is a core subject, you will be studying with me for a minimum of your first five years while you are here at Hogwarts.
You will also learn to conjure things from thin air.".
She conjured a flock of singing canaries.
"How to animate objects?"
She tapped her desk and it did a convincing soft-shoe until she tapped it again to make it stop.
"I will also teach you how to transform animals into people, people into animals, objects into animals, animals into objects and one thing into another.
I can teach you how to disguise yourself expertly so that your own mother will not be able to recognize you.
This subject requires patience, lots of creativity, and careful control.
I warn you that loss of control can have disastrous results.
So there will be no stupidity in my classes.
Anyone who needs to be reminded of that will be given detention post haste".
After she was sure that she had intimidated her students sufficiently to get her point across, she started teaching them the transfiguration alphabet.
She told them that there would be a test on it in the next class.
Harry understood the use of the transfiguration alphabet of course.
As Remus had told him, the alphabets could be used in weaving wards or other such uses.
The class was good and he observed the Ravenclaws in between.
For the most part, they seemed to pick things up quickly.
They were also quiet and sober.
As the class was letting out, the professor asked Harry to stay behind, "Mr. Potter- Black, please accompany me to the Head-master's study.
He wants to have a word with you".
Harry hung his head, "Professor, I'm sorry.
I was just having a little fun..." Making a visible effort to suppress her mirth, she cut in, "I'm sure I have no idea what you are talking about, Mr. Potter-Black.
Come along now".
He dutifully replied, "Of course Professor".
The Headmaster's Office He got up and followed the stern professor out of the classroom and around a corner to stand in front of a huge, ugly gargoyle.
Professor McGonagall said, "Lemon drops.
", and the gargoyle came to life, leaping to one side while the wall split down the center from floor to ceiling and slid aside to the right and left.
When Harry was able to see inside, there was a moving spiral staircase to take him upwards.
He quickly stepped on it while Professor McGonagall said, "He is waiting for you, Mr. Potter- Black and welcome to Hogwarts".
Harry ascended the staircase nervously while his heart kept pounding against his rib cage.
He of course had anticipated this meeting and thought that he was ready for whatever Dumbledore might say.
If he believed Moony, the old Headmaster would not give him any grief, not with his parent's will in his possession.
Harry knocked on the door and with a soft "enter" the door opened inwards.
The office was a circular chamber full of book shelves on one side, laden with ancient tomes.
The rest of the walls were covered with moving portraits.
Among them, Harry spotted Phineas Nigellus Black, the least popular Headmaster of Hogwarts.
The Headmaster was seated behind a big table on a stuffed chintz chair, his long fingers steepled together, his half-moon glasses perched on the bridge of his nose and his electric blue eyes were twinkling merrily.
On the other side of the office, there were little spindly legged tables with delicate silver instruments on them, some of which were whirring and puffing.
There was a bowl of candies placed in front of the head-master while on the side was a perch where a beautiful phoenix was sleeping.
Harry remembered being told by Moony that the Phoenix was called Fawkes and sang beautiful, joyous melodies.
"Welcome Mr. Potter-Black.
Please take a seat", the Headmaster said pointing to one of the seats on this side of the table.
As Harry sat, the Headmaster pointed to the bowl of sweets, "Would you care for a lemon Drop?"
Harry replied, "I hope I am able to refuse without any offense, Professor".
Dumbledore shrugged but said nothing for a few minutes perhaps thinking of how to start the conversation.
Harry took the time to look around, taking in the office and its contents.
As he looked more closely at the portraits, he could see that each one bore a name and the dates when they were headmasters of the school.
He knew, from his experience at the Black castle, that these portraits could talk and move between portraits in the same building or portraits of themselves in different locations.
This was likely a large part of how Dumbledore kept an eye on things in the school and communicated discretely outside of the school when needed.
He could only guess at the function of the silver, puffing instruments sitting on their spindly legged tables.
Harry thought they might be some highly sensitive detectors, but given the whimsical nature of the Headmaster, they might just be toys.
Dumbledore's voice interrupted Harry's speculations, "Mr. Potter-Black..." Harry cut him off with a smile and a wave of his hand, "Headmaster, please call me Hadrian or Harry.
Mr. Potter-Black sounds like I am in trouble for something".
Dumbledore chuckled, "All right then, 'Harry' it is".
He sobered up then, "There are a few things that you should know.
On that Halloween night, nearly ten years ago, when your parents were killed", he took a deep breath, "I feared that your life was in immediate danger.
Voldemort had vanished, leaving behind his wand and cloak, but he still had many followers who were quite dangerous in their own right.
Your mother's last act was to invoke an ancient magic to give you a lasting protection against anyone who intended to harm you.
Voldemort could not understand the power of love and underestimated her which led him to be vanquished.
The protection which she gave to you flows in your blood which meant you were safest at your aunt and uncle's house because she was your blood.
You had no blood relatives left on your father's side to take you in.
His best friend turned you over to Hagrid to bring you to me.
A week later, he was accused of betraying your parents and sent to Azkaban.
I did not know who your god-mother was or anyone else who could take you in.
Your parents had another best friend Remus Lupin who was not in the country on that night and he was ineligible for a few more reasons.
I was told that your aunt and uncle do not like wizards in general but trusting that your aunt Petunia had some of your mother in her, I was hoping that she would be kind to you and raise you well.
I was both saddened and horrified to discover how wrong I was when you disappeared and I investigated their home, trying to determine what had become of you.
While I do not deserve it, I hope that with time, you will be able to forgive me for my mistake, understanding the limited choices of an old man".
The older wizard's face had shown a myriad of expressions all the while he spoke.
Harry understood that he was being truthful.
May be he was remorseful for what he did.
The truth was that Harry had been ready to confront Dumbledore, give him an earful for his mistake but the Headmaster had already accepted his mistake.
He wondered at how uncanny Remus had been in his prediction of Dumbledore's character.
The old Headmaster had acted the way Remus said he would.
There were still a few questions which he needed answered.
He turned to the Headmaster, "Professor, I have a few questions for you.
I hope that you will answer them honestly".
The old Headmaster eagerly nodded, "I would be delighted to answer your questions if I can, my boy".
Harry asked, "my first question is did you know that Sirius Black is my god father?
Do you know for certain that Sirius Black was their secret keeper?
Are you certain that there was impeccable evidence about his guilt?"
Dumbledore pinched the bridge of his nose while collecting his thoughts and after a few seconds, he replied, "When you were born, the war was at its peak with people dying or disappearing right and left.
Every day families were being wiped out of existence.
No one knew if the Wizarding World would survive his madness.
I was the leader of the Order of the Phoenix.
I was busy on many fronts leading the war against him.
As such, it was impossible for me to know everything in spite of my best efforts.
You were born in Potter Castle when your grandparents were still alive.
Your grandfather was a warrior and he had a pretty good idea about how to keep his family safe.
Your family has been secretive over the centuries.
No private details were ever known about your family to the general wizarding world except for what they saw fit to tell.
I did not know that Sirius Black was your god-father when Hagrid brought you to me.
By the time the goblins had replied to my inquiries about any of your other living relatives or god-parents, your god-father, Sirius was already in Azkaban.
I tried to convince the ministry to look into his conviction since the magics behind the oath would have killed him if he tried to betray your parents.
The minister had his mind made up.
He flatly refused to look into the matter.
To make matters worse, he sealed the record of the hearing classifying the files as 'Official Secret' under the Official Secrets Act.
I tried to find some evidence to prove him innocent but I was unsuccessful.
"In answer to your second question, James had told me that he intended to make Sirius the secret keeper of the Cottage.
I offered to become their secret keeper but by then our ranks had been breached and no one trusted anyone else.
In fact, James and Sirius even suspected Remus Lupin to have gone over to the other side which would have been unimaginable during their school days.
When the Fidelius charm had been cast upon the cottage at Godric's Hollow, Sirius came to Hogwarts with a piece of parchment with the secret written on it.
He refused to speak the secret aloud in case we were over-heard.
Since that night, I have come into possession of some facts which indicate that he may be innocent in the whole secret keeper affair.
But then there is the issue of the murder of Peter Pettigrew with 12 muggles about which my information is woefully poor.
The Aurors who took him into custody arrived too late to see what actually happened.
Any statement that Sirius might have made has been sealed as part of the official record.
According to some reliable second-hand information I received, he never made a coherent statement anyway.
Since he has been in Azkaban he has not been permitted any visitors.
Frankly, the whole thing stinks of cover-up and I want to know what they are hiding."
Harry asked, "Do you still have that parchment or a memory record of it?
The hand-writing could tell us who the secret keeper was".
The corners of Dumbledore's mouth twitched, "Yes, that could be most enlightening".
He rose from his desk and crossed to a cabinet from which he took a shallow stone basin engraved with runes and symbols.
He brought the object back to his desk.
Then he put his wand to the side of his head and drew out, as it seemed, a shining silver thread which came away, dangling from his wand.
He released the thread into the basin and gave it a stir.
An image of Sirius black rose from the basin, "The Potters have taken Harry into hiding.
Here is the location.
I dare not speak it aloud", and he handed the parchment to someone that Harry did not see.
The Headmaster said, "Harry, this is a Pensieve which I use to view or even enter memories.
If you are to see the hand-writing of the secret keeper of your parent's cottage, you will need to enter the memory with me.
Come, I will guide you through it".
Having said that, Dumbledore showed him how to put his face to the basin.
When Harry did so, he tumbled into the Headmaster's office of ten years ago and watched again as Sirius handed the parchment over to Dumbledore.
He took a good look at the hand-writing on the parchment before Dumbledore set it on fire and destroyed the note.
Then Harry felt the firm grip of Dumbledore on his arm and the next thing he knew, he was standing in the Headmaster's office of today again.
"That was it, Harry.
I feel like I should know the hand-writing, but, I just can't place it", Dumbledore said.
Harry thought for a moment then said, "It is most likely that the secret keeper was one of my father's three closest friends.
Remus Lupin was out of the country.
If Sirius Black had been the traitor, his oath as my god-father would have killed him.
That leaves only peter Pettigrew, the one known as Wormtail.
IF we can get a sample of his hand-writing, we can confirm it".
Dumbledore nodded quietly, "I shall look into that, Harry".
Harry had taken in everything that the Headmaster had said.
The meeting had proved to be very illuminating for him and cleared up a lot of perceptions.
It was then Dumbledore said, "Now can I ask a few questions, my boy?"
Harry gave him a lop-sided grin, "Ask away, Professor.
I will answer as completely as I can".
Dumbledore saw the lop-sided grin and shuddered.
It had never boded well for the school when James Potter wore that expression while he was a student here and he had no hope that anything would change.
Anyhow the school had become too monotonous since there were only the Weasley twins left to prank the school.
Maybe, they could do with more laughter all around.
He would have to wait and see.
He turned to Harry, "Who has raised you all these years?
Where have you been living?
Who took you out of your aunt and uncle's house?"
Harry gave him the half-truth as Arcturus had instructed him, "I was raised by Lord Arcturus Orion Black of the House of Black who had removed me from the House by an acquaintance of his.
Since the person who removed me from the house was neither branded nor had any hostile intention towards me, the wards you placed were unable to stop him.
I was raised away from Wizarding Britain in the way of the heir of house.
Lord Black made sure that I got exposure to the Muggle world as well.
That is all that I can really say I am afraid".
Dumbledore nodded, "I understand, my boy.
It is just that I had been worried about you all these years.
Now that you are here, I have to make sure that you are well and in fine health.
The Minister of Magic has messaged me by floo twice requesting an audience with you.
He claims that Lord Black has no right to take custody of you.
Do you have anything which can establish his claim?"
Harry pulled a copy of the bequest out of his robes and set it on the table before the headmaster, "This is the last will and testament of Lord James Charlus Potter and Lady Lily Potter nee Evans.
This clearly states a list of people who were authorised to take custody of me.
You will find that Sirius Black and his legal relatives were placed at the top of the list.
Since Lord Black is his grand-father and brother to my grand-mother, he is entitled to take custody.
"I have no desire to meet with the minister who is a bumbling fool with no visions for the betterment of the Wizarding World.
Please present this copy of the Will to him and tell him to leave me alone or Lord Black will have to come and set him straight".
Dumbledore had just remembered something, "I also want to thank you Harry for the trust that your parents have created to fund the education of deserving but poor students.
Hogwarts education is not cheap and due to the paucity of funds from the ministry, we have not been able to give the best to the students for years now.
With this trust fund in place, I trust that they will be better served and we will be able to upgrade many of the facilities of the school".
Harry waved him off, "Headmaster, everyone deserves the best education and I am rather thankful to them that they thought of it".
Dumbledore smiled, "That's not all, Harry.
I received a letter from Lord Black on 1st August in which he had provided for a similar corpus fund worth five-hundred thousand Galleons and told us to give those scholarships in the names of James and Lily Potter".
Harry realised in that moment what Lord Black had been doing while Harry was in Madam Malkin's.
The old wizard never failed to surprise him.
Dumbledore was saying, "I met with Ragnok a few days after receiving the letter and merged the two funds together, entrusting him to manage it.
We call these the Potters Scholarship.
With the initial amount of Fifty thousand that was sent, I daresay many students have benefited".
Harry asked him something which had been on his mind, "Headmaster, what do you know about the 'Adventures of Harry Potter' book series?
I am told that he published those books with your permission".
Dumbledore chuckled, "Yes.
The author approached me about a decade ago with an idea for fictional story books to be published with the boy-who-lived as the protagonist.
Since I was the only one that people knew to be concerned with your welfare, he asked for my permission.
I initially wanted to refuse but then I realised that he may go ahead and publish those books without asking and so will others who definitely would jump on the wagon when they will see it minting money.
So I gave him a license for 10 years to publish those books provided he let me see them beforehand and that he would pay 20% of the net revenue from the sale of the books and related merchandise to an account to be held in trust for you until you were able to claim it.
The Gnomes in Switzerland have been looking after that account for you, earning about 9% per annum.
At last report, you had thirteen million galleons which you may draw on at any time.
You have earned 66 galleons, 13 sickles and 18 knuts while you've been sitting here talking with me".
Just then, Harry's stomach gave a loud growl, "Headmaster, if you have any other questions for me, I am at your disposal, but, I would like to join my friends for dinner".
Dumbledore smiled brightly, "of course, Harry.
I'm looking forward to some treacle tart myself".
Library After dinner, the next place that fascinated him and Neville was the library.
Rows upon rows of shelves in the library were bulging with books and groaning under their weight.
The librarian, Madame Pince was a stern looking witch who did not tolerate any one making a ruckus in the library or defiling her beloved books.
It had been said that she told students off for speaking too loudly and even banned students for creating a disturbance in the library.
The legends also said that she had hexed the library books to beat someone on the head if they defiled the books in anyway.
Harry and Neville took a seat at the back of the library in a niche where people would have to really look to find them and they could see if anyone approached them.
They took parchment quills and ink out of their school bags and got started on their homework.
Harry had passed a message to Daphne at breakfast to meet him in the library after dinner.
The boys were waiting for her to arrive.
Daphne arrived and Harry hugged her lightly with Neville doing the same.
She asked playfully, "How is the Lion's den, Potter-Black?"
Neville replied, "Just everyone was gawking at him and murmuring behind his back while he tried to ignore them".
Daphne smirked, "Are you still sure that you should have been in Gryffindor?"
Harry smirked but said nothing.
Daphne asked him, "Have you found anyone to ally within the Lion's Den?"
Harry shook his head, "I need to spend more time with them to really know.
Neville and I share a dorm with Ronald Weasley, Seamus Finnigan and Dean Thomas.
They seem to be alright.
Then there's that muggle-born Hermione Granger.
She is a know-it-all but she seems to pick things up really quickly.
However unlike you Miss Greengrass, I am not friends with the scions of other Houses.
As far as they are concerned, I have been living under a rock all my life.
I will need to gauge them and their loyalties before I decide if I can ally with them".
Daphne said, "You will need to meet the heirs to the allies of House Potter.
Make friendships with them.
I can help you to know who they are".
He nodded, "That would be great!
For now, I am keeping you as my secret weapon until it becomes imperative for me to use you against any unforeseen emergency".
They kept up the small talk while keeping an eye out for anyone who might be interested in finding their whereabouts or showed too much interest in what they were talking about.
Harry saw Hermione approaching and signalled to Daphne who made herself scarce.
He made a mental note to remember to use that device his grand-uncle had given him the next time they met with Daphne.
They were not going to let others into their secret for now, especially not someone that they did not know at all.
They were playing by the rules of Slytherin which needed them to be extremely secretive in their dealings so that no one would realise their move until it was too late.
Arcturus had taught him that fame was not a bad thing and should be used for their benefit.
It was only the motives which made it bad or good.
Harry fully intended to use his fame for his own ends.
Neville and Harry spent the rest of the evening mapping out the secret doors and passageways.
They had about three hours until they had to be back in their tower and they were going to make use of every minute of it.
They paid particular attention to the fastest routes between their tower and their classrooms.
Potions classes in the dungeon were not until Friday morning so they left mapping out that route until last.
Of more interest to healthy, growing pre-teens was raiding the kitchen.
Following Moony's notes, Harry and Neville arrived by the painting of the fruit bowl and tickled the pear.
When they climbed through the portal, they were greeted by a number of house elves who bowed and asked them what they would like.
As Harry looked around the gleaming kitchen, he realized that the hour was getting late and the elves did not have anything ready cooked.
Harry asked, "Do you have any fresh fruit?"
With a squeak of delight, one of the house elves streaked away and came back a second later with a bowl laden with grapes, apples, bananas and a couple of pomegranates.
With their ill-gotten gains, Harry and Neville used their best route to get back to the Gryffindor tower before their time ran out.
He remembered Remus's advice about trying to summon the Marauder's map.
He drew his wand and raising it, chanted, "Accio Marauder's map".
He waited for 5 minutes but nothing happened.
Perhaps it was imbued with an anti-summoning charm or it was in a place where a summoning charm did not work.
Gryffindor Common Room When Neville and Harry climbed through the portal behind the painting of the Fat Lady, they found Hermione in front of the fire, reading ahead for their Defence Against the Dark arts class.
They hadn't managed to get much of a start on their assignments while they were in the library, so Harry and Neville joined Hermione by the fire and got to work.
In the next hour before lights-out, they managed to get most of it done.
The next morning, Harry woke up just before dawn.
The last two days had been hectic, long and busy.
He needed to get back to his exercise routine.
With Astronomy going until midnight tomorrow, he was already planning to skip his workout for Thursday morning.
So, he got to it right away .
By the time he changed and went down for breakfast, he felt more alert and awake than he had for days.
Defence Classroom The first class in the morning was double Defence Against the Dark Arts with the Ravenclaws and Professor Quirrell.
Harry had been looking forward to it, thinking that he would get to use some of what his great Uncle had taught him, but; much to his disappointment, the class was a bit of a joke.
The teacher was stuttering the whole time.
He had a nervous twitch in one eye.
He also wore a giant turban and there was a strange smell about him, sort of a mixture of meat that had gone bad and garlic.
With all these distractions, he managed to talk about Gytrashes through his stuttering.
He told them about their nature, what threat they posed and how to kill them.
At the end of class, he gave them an assignment to write a foot of parchment on Gytrashes to be handed in by next class.
Harry had already learnt all the spells that they were expected to be taught in the first year and was really disappointed with the choice of the teacher.
There were also some ridiculous rumours going around about the Professor like he was being chased by a Vampire and stuffed garlic in his turban to ward off the vampire or that he had been bitten by an Inferi and was about to become one.
Harry had no idea how one could spread such ridiculous rumours or why anyone would believe them.
Another thing had been the muggle-born witch Hermione Granger.
Just like in the other classes, she had her hand up to answer every question.
Harry understood that she was knowledgeable and knew everything that was in the books assigned to them but that was no reason for her to raise her hand every time a question was asked.
Even in Professor Quirrell's class, she had been raising her hand to answer the questions though the Defense Professor was more like a joke than an able teacher.
She also had a habit of giving unsolicited advice to others about things.
All in all, Harry could see that if she did not change her ways she would be ostracized by the house.
She tried to talk to everyone and whoever would talk to her, she would start questioning them or telling them about things she had studied from the books without realising that perhaps others were not as enthusiastic as her.
Arcturus had told him that Voldemort was not dead yet he had sternly told Harry that he was not to stop living.
They would keep delaying his return anyway that they could while searching for the horcruxes and destroying them so that if he ever regained a body during Harry's lifetime, he would have to be killed only once.
Arcturus had planned everything and the first phase had been to raise him to be able to command power and not to shy away from it.
The second phase would be to forge alliances in the school which would be of use to him later in life.
The third phase was to seize power in Wizarding Britain and to change its dynamics but that would happen after he had ascended to his Lordships.
So, to live his life away from the cloud of Voldemort, Harry had taken to exploring other things which a teenage wizard would do.
He loved flying, wanted to learn duelling and when the time came would run the Wizengamot as per his machinations without stepping into the open.
After lunch, they were out to the greenhouses again for herbology.
Then the rest of the afternoon was free.
It didn't take Harry and Neville long to plow through their homework assignments and get back to the business of mapping out the school.
Neville made an excuse and headed off to the greenhouses, leaving Harry to continue exploring the castle on his own.
As he was passing through the transfiguration courtyard he noticed the twins were huddled in a corner and peering at a piece of parchment in their hands.
They were so engrossed in it that they failed to notice Harry observing them.
Harry casually approached them and cast a fleeting look at the parchment they were peering at.
His breath hitched in his throat.
They were using the Marauder's Map!
Excited but remembering to breathe, he approached them, "Hello, what are the two of you looking at?"
While one of the twins muttered, "Mischief managed", under his breath and tapped the map with his wand, the other one of the twins said, "Oh, hello, Hadrian Potter-Black".
The other said, "We were just looking at a random piece of parchment".
Together they said, "Don't let us keep you".
Harry smirked evilly, "If you think the Marauder's map is indeed a random piece of parchment, I would be happy to take it off your hands".
Their mouths were open in surprise and they were looking at him with astonishment?
Surprise?
Awe?
It was hard to tell.
One of the twins asked gaping, "How do you know about the Map?"
Harry said, "Simple.
I know about the creators of the map.
Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs are practically family to me".
One of the twins said, "I do not believe it".
The other said, "However if you can prove it".
They said together, "we will think about sharing it with you".
Harry gave them his best maniacal grin, "Mates, this is not about sharing.
This by rights of inheritance belongs to me.
Once I have proven ownership, I may allow you to use it".
One of them said, amused, "My dear friend, explain".
The other added, "How can you claim inheritance to it?"
Harry said, "Allow me to show you".
He took the map from him and tapped it with his wand, "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good".
The Marauder's map appeared and the map of the castle started spreading below the tip of his wand.
The twins were looking at him with wide eyes and he wanted to laugh at their expressions.
After the map had opened, he tapped it again, "Mischief Managed", and the map went blank.
He turned to the twins, "So exactly when did you find the pass code to open it?"
One of them answered, "After we had been insulted far too many times."
The other added, "Not to mention being told off as cheap knock-offs."
The first one said again, "it was then that we figured out the way."
The second added, "and you opened it as if you know it."
Harry smiled, "Of course I know it.
Shall I give you more proof of my claim?"
They nodded, "Go ahead, mate and get insulted."
Harry tapped his wand to the parchment and said, "Prongslet wishes good day to the Marauders."
Writing in a fairly regal hand appeared upon the parchment, "Moony wishes good day to Prongslet and asks him how he came to be?"
Darker, blockier writing followed, "Mr. Padfoot wishes to know how 'Prongslet' knows of the Marauders?"
A third line appeared, "Mr. Wormtail wishes to know who is Prongslet's mother?"
Harry's breath caught in his throat.
There it was!
That same rounded, squat hand-writing, confirmed that Wormtail was the secret keeper and the traitor.
The fourth line, in a slanted pointier hand, said, "Prove who you are, Prongslet."
Harry said to the map, "I am the son of James Potter aka Prongs and Lily Potter.
I am the godson of Sirius Black aka Padfoot while Remus Lupin is Moony and Peter Pettigrew is Wormtail. "
Again one line appeared, "Mr. Padfoot wishes good luck to Prongslet and hopes he has become the next marauder unlike those dubious twins."
Another followed, "Mr. Wormtail still has doubts but wishes good luck to Prongslet."
And there it was again.
There was no doubt.
Third line appeared, "Mr. Moony hopes Prongslet would beat those twins who cannot guess a password."
Fourth followed, "Mr. Prongs wishes Prongslet good luck to beat those twins at pranks".
The twins huffed, "This rag of a parchment has insulted us too much".
Harry was torn.
Here was proof that Wormtail had been the secret keeper.
But to use such a dubious artifact as evidence was shaky at best.
Harry decided to let Dumbledore have some time to do as he said he would before resorting to using the map in that way.
For now, he decided to leave the map in the care of the Weasley twins.
Harry smirked, "Don't worry.
You can use it provided you will let me join in your pranks".
The twins shared a look which said that this would be interesting.
Harry took his leave of them, leaving the Marauder's map with them for whatever prank they were planning and kept touring the castle.
In the evening before he went to bed, he had the time for developing the photos that he had taken on the train ride and during school.
The only trick was finding a dark-room to do the developing.
From what he was told, the process of developing wizarding photos was not too different from the way the muggles did it.
The main difference being that wizards used specific potions which animated the photos while the muggles used chemicals which created a fixed image.
He used the bathroom just off the seventh floor dormitory that he shared with the other first years, having blocked off the window and doused the lights, he developed them all and then left them to dry.
With the photos drying, he wrote a lengthy letter to Remus which he planned to send with Zeus who was waiting for him in the owlery.
In the letter to Remus, he had told him all about his exploits and that he had recovered the map already.
He also asked him to send over the enchanted mirrors which Remus had kept with him all these years so that he would not have to wait for Zeus every time he wanted to send a message or would have to send Hedwig.
While he could talk on a floo with Moony in the Gryffindor Common Room or even in their dorm, they wanted to keep it to a minimum not giving any reason to Dumbledore to suspect his involvement in Harry's abduction.
He knew that since Moony and Lord Black were in London now, he would get the enchanted mirrors in two to three days if Moony was not pre-occupied.
As it was, the werewolf had been looking after Harry's businesses and acting in his stead as Regent for House Potter dealing with Gringotts.
They had decided that in the upcoming session, he would be officially invested in his capacity as Lord Regent of House Potter.
Only a handful of people knew of his condition as a werewolf and most of them were already dead so there was nothing to fear on that score.
Looking ahead tomorrow was going to be a long day.
Charms, DADA (Defence Against the Dark Arts), double History of Magic and capping it off with double Astronomy which went to midnight.
Oh well, it could not be helped and all his fellow first years had to do the same thing.
Popping the window to the dorm open, he gave a shrill whistle which summoned Zeus from the owlery.
Having tied the letter with the photos to his leg, he opened the dorm window and sent him back to the Black townhouse.
Black Town House The pre-dawn glow was just beginning to light the sky on Wednesday morning when Remus was sitting in the library reading some books.
Lord Black was in his study tending to some House Business.
They had been working on many things since they had returned to Wizarding Britain because the days of living in the shadows were over.
Hadrian Potter-Black was back among the populace and they no longer had a reason for hiding.
Now it was time to make some waves.
Arcturus had not forgotten the insults or the behaviour of Fudge towards him and wanted to make him rue the day he had refused to agree to a request from Lord Black.
The bumbling fool needed to be reminded that the name of Black was still formidable despite whatever had happened in the war.
Remus raised his head when he heard tapping on the window and saw Zeus hovering outside it.
The falcon must have flown all night to make the trip from Hogwarts and arrive at this hour of the morning.
He flicked his wand and the window opened inwards.
Zeus flew in and landed on the arm-rest of his chair bearing a letter in his talons.
Remus eagerly tore through the envelope in his haste to read the letter and a bunch of photos fell to the ground with a letter from Harry.
He picked up the photos and placed them on the table while he started to read the letter.
It was very detailed as he had expected.
"Dear Moony, I am so disappointed.
All the detailed accounts you gave me of the castle do not seem to do a bit of justice to the castle.
Everything that I heard from you turned out to be an understatement as I saw the castle from the boat.
It felt like I have never seen anything more beautiful than this in my life.
I took a lot of pictures on the train and in the school.
I have enclosed them with the letter so that you can put them in an album for me.
Professor McGonagall is as stern as you told us and she showed no favour to anyone for their name or ancestry.
Dumbledore as you said is brilliant but a bit crazy.
He announced it to the Great Hall that the right wing of the third floor is out of bounds unless someone wishes to die a painful death.
I wonder what he meant.
Talking of Dumbledore, he called me to his office the day after sorting and asked my forgiveness for placing me with the muggles.
I was expecting him to manipulate me, make me feel ashamed and try to force me to go back to them but he outright accepted that he was in the wrong about placing me there and explained why he believed that he had no other means to keep me safe other than some blood wards he had erected over their property.
After his apology, I find it hard to hold on to a grudge against him.
I think I would rather make an ally out of him than an adversary.
After all we have the same goals in our sight.
He would be a massive help if Voldemort decides to make a comeback.
I also found the Marauders Map with Fred and George who are twins and sons of the Weasley Family.
They nicked it out of Filch's office and have been able to unlock it after a heap of insults from Messrs. Moony, Wormtail, Padfoot and Prongs.
I proved that it belongs to me by way of inheritance because in living memory I am the only one alive who can claim to be an heir of the legacy of the marauders.
I let them borrow the map for a few days to help them with their pranks.
I met Peeves and gave him your message that the Marauders would come back and give him trouble.
He almost fell out of the air.
I also had my first classes and I am disappointed with the choice of defense teacher.
Professor Quirrell suffers from lack of confidence, stutters all the time while he is teaching and is afraid of his own shadow.
The charms teacher Professor Flitwick is a very jovial bloke and tries to liven up his classes and keep the mood of the class up all the time.
He is very patient with his students and does not rebuke them if they make some mistakes.
I also like professor Sprout.
She is very down-to earth and treats everyone the same.
I have already seen some fascinating plants.
She says that there are much more exotic plants in the other greenhouses, but, for our own safety, we won't be dealing with them until we have a lot more experience.
Neville and Daphne are well and send their love to you.
I am making some more friends.
Lord Black (please don't tell him I called him that) would be happy to know that.
I will write soon to tell you about my experience with the other classes.
"You should also know that I have learned that the one who betrayed my parents to Voldemort was Wormtail.
If you can find a sample of his hand-writing and send it to Dumbledore, we can prove it.
.
.
- please send me the communication mirror so I would not have to wait for Zeus to bring a letter to me or for Hedwig to make a trip to London to know how you are doing.
Love, Prongslet" Remus smiled to himself.
The lad was settling in well and enjoying school.
By the looks of it, he would have no trouble in school for anything that he chose to do.
He was nostalgic for a moment when he remembered the map and the peaceful happy times when it had been crafted.
He merely cringed a little when he thought what havoc Prongslet would wreck on the castle with the map and the cloak in his hands.
He was curious to know how the lad had figured out that Wormtail was the traitor.
Proving it might help to get Sirius released, but it could go the other way because it was also more than adequate to show motive for murder if Sirius knew the same thing.
Laying hold of some of Wormtail's hand writing would be difficult.
He had been dead ten years after all and his parents were no longer around... Then he remembered what the Marauder's map can do and it all fell into place.
No matter, Pettigrew was long dead and there was no rush.
He picked up the stack of pictures and started looking through them.
He was happy seeing the lad smile and being a child around people of his own age until he found a photo which made his blood run cold.
The photo was of a compartment of the train and there were Harry, Neville and a red-headed boy in the picture with a rat.
A rat which had a finger missing which could be coincidence but as Remus looked closely, he found that the rat had all the markings which were distinguishable on his former friend, the one touted as a hero and thought to be dead- PETER PETTIGREW.
Remus clutching the photo ran the three flights of stairs to the Lord's study and entered the room without even knocking.
Arcturus jumped in surprise, "Remus, what... what is the matter?
Has something happened with Harry?"
Remus wheezed, "he is... he is alive.
Pete... Peter... Peter is alive, Lord Black.
Sirius is innocent and I have the proof!"
Arcturus jumped out of his chair and held Remus firmly by the shoulders shaking him in the process, "what are you saying Remus?
How do you know?"
Remus showed him the photo, "It was he who betrayed Lilly and James.
He is at Hogwarts near Harry, ready to harm him if the chance comes."
Arcturus looked at the photo, scrutinizing it and gave a maniacal grin, "It looks like we are going to pay a visit to Amelia Bones."
Bones Manor The sun was just barely showing at the horizon.
Amelia was relaxing over breakfast and the morning edition of the Daily Prophet.
She still had a couple of hours to go before she took the floo network to the ministry to start her work day.
It had been three days since Susan had gone to Hogwarts and the empty manor felt like a castle to her without her little girl running around.
She had raised Susan since her parents had been murdered during the first war and not having any children of her own; she felt that Susan was her own daughter.
The wards around the manor chimed meaning that someone was at the ward line and demanding entrance.
Carefully, she put her wand in the sleeve of her robes and ordered her elf to escort the visitors to the parlour from the boundary of the property.
The manor had been designed in such a way that there was a ward line around the entire property.
Inside the ward line, there was a parlor set at a side at a distance from the main building which was surrounded with wards of its own.
So anyone could enter the ward line but not the main building unless Amelia let them.
She strode carefully to the parlor and entered to find Arcturus Orion Black and Remus Lupin sitting there.
She knew Lord Black by reputation and Remus through Edgar who had studied with them at Hogwarts though they were in different houses.
She was surprised to see these two together.
Mainly because Remus Lupin was a light wizard who had fought on the side of the Order of the Phoenix in the war while Lord Black's descendants had fought for the dark side.
To see the two of them sitting peacefully together in her parlor was a bit unsettling for her.
She levelled her wand at them, "How do I know that you both are Arcturus Black and Remus Lupin?"
Arcturus said quickly, "We can take a magical oath to prove that we are who we claim to be."
She nodded and they both whipped their wands out and took a magical oath that they were who they claimed to be.
After Amelia lowered her wand, Arcturus approached and took her hand and pretended to kiss her knuckles, "Madam Bones, thank you for allowing us into your charming manor and giving us an audience".
Remus bowed to her respectfully.
She signalled them to sit and took a seat across from them appearing to be carefree but she was taut as a bow-string, ready to draw her wand at a moment's notice and start hexing the other two wizards at the slightest provocation.
She turned to Arcturus, "Lord Black, what brings you here today?
I suppose there must be a good reason for you to publicly show yourself after a decade".
Arcturus beamed at her, "Madam Bones, recently I came into some evidence which certainly proves that Sirius Black is innocent of betraying the Potters, of murdering Peter Pettigrew and is very likely not responsible for the death of the 12 muggles either".
She frowned, "He was convicted by the war tribunal, Lord Black.
He confessed".
Arcturus sighed, "Were you personally a witness to that hearing, Madame Bones?"
She responded, "The whole proceeding is a matter of public record.
You know that I wasn't there".
Arcturus frowned, "Then you were not there.
Neither was anyone else that I have been able to find.
I have not seen anything to indicate to me that he had confessed or that he was rightfully convicted.
I tried to ask the minister to let me see those documents but that idiot Fudge sealed those documents under the Official Secrets Act, meaning that only you can access those documents now".
She shrugged, "If I accept that you are speaking the truth, what evidence do you have of the innocence of Sirius Black?"
Remus produced the photo which Harry had sent to him.
It showed the rat.
He told her how Peter had become an Animagus in the form of a rat.
The rat in the photo was missing a toe from its right forepaw.
All they ever found of Peter was just a finger.
He also said that the markings on the rat in the photo, taken last Sunday on the Hogwarts Express, matched his memory of the markings on Wormtail.
When he had finished, she said, "What you have here is a wild story and a photo of a rat with a toe missing.
Even supposing that I believe you, I need proof to connect your story with this photo.
That will give me enough to apprehend this rodent and attempt to question it".
Remus spoke, "I was witness to many of his transformations.
I can give you a memory record which clearly shows his transformation and unique markings".
Amelia said, "that would do it.
I would like the two of you to enjoy the breakfast table of my manor while I gather what we will need from my office".
She ordered her house elves to see to the meal.
Arcturus and Remus both stood and bowed to her before she stepped to the fireplace.
She took a box from mantel and tossing a pinch of powder into the floo, she said clearly, "Ministry of Magic".
Then she disappeared in a flash of emerald flame as she stepped into the fireplace.
In less time than it took for the two wizards to consume two plates of eggs benedict with hash-brown potatoes, Amelia was back.
She emerged from the emerald flames with her investigator Anna Daily and four Aurors- Proudfoot, Gawain Robards, Kingsley Shacklebolt and Hestia Jones in tow.
She was also carrying a Pensieve and a file with the records from Sirius's hering.
She did not waste one minute.
She tossed the file to Arcturus for him to review saying, "No one is to ever know that I let you see that file however you were right.
The file only contains the arrest memo and nothing more.
If the minister got snarky about it, he could send me to Azkaban for it".
To Remus, she presented the Pensieve and said, "OK, let's have a look at that memory.
If Peter Pettigrew was indeed alive and living near Harry Potter then he could not be allowed to remain at liberty for one moment more."
Remus pulled a silver strand from his temple and placed it in the Pensieve.
He placed the basin on the table and Amelia's entourage took it in turns to enter the memory of Pettigrew transforming into a rat and running in circles, showing all sides of his markings.
They each took notes and made sketches of what they saw then compared what they had observed to the photo.
They all agreed that the rat in the photo was indeed the illegal animagus Peter Pettigrew.
When they concurred their findings, her mind was made up.
Hogwarts, Headmaster's Office Dumbledore was sitting at his desk, pouring over applications of potential recipients of the Potter Scholarship when there was a burst of green flame in his fireplace.
He knew that there were less than 20 witches or wizards in the entire world who had access to his floo address, so it wasn't that big a surprise to see the head of the DMLE looking up at him.
He said, "What may I do for you Madame Bones?"
She said, "I have a matter of some urgency, Headmaster, would you be able to accommodate a party of eight in your office?"
Dumbledore's eyes twinkled as he said, "Certainly.
Be my guest".
Then he turned to the portraits and said, "Please inform the heads of house to meet in my office immediately".
The figures left their paintings as first Amelia, then her investigator, followed by the Aurors, then much to Dumbledore's surprise, Lord Black and Remus Lupin!
"Remus, my boy!"
Dumbledore exclaimed, "Where have you been hiding all these years?"
The werewolf was excited and it was not clear if he did not hear the Headmaster's question or ignored it.
He was also surprised to see Arcturus in the castle.
The door to Dumbledore's office swung open as Professor McGonigal entered, followed shortly by Flitwick, Sprout and finally Snape.
He focused on Amelia, "Madam Bones, what brings you here today?"
Amelia said to him gravely, "Headmaster, I came into some information today which may prove that we committed a gross injustice to a law-abiding citizen 10 years ago by throwing him into prison without any offense".
Dumbledore asked curiously, "Who are you talking about?"
Amelia replied, "Sirius Black who has been languishing in Azkaban all these years for betraying the Potters has never been properly convicted of any crime.
The previous administration bungled it and the current administration did not care to set things straight".
Severus Snape sneered, "He was guilty of betraying the Potters, Madam Bones".
Remus wanted to punch the hook nosed professor in the face but Arcturus beat him to it, "Keep your forked tongue behind your teeth, death eater.
You have a lot of gall to stand here preaching about my grandson being guilty while you gleefully took the dark mark and served that charlatan".
Dumbledore pleaded, "Lord Black, please do not insult a teacher of this school.".
He turned to Snape, "Severus my boy, please be quiet and let me talk to them.
This is more important than your childhood grudges".
Amelia showed the photo to Dumbledore, "Headmaster, the rat in the photo is an illegal animagus who goes by the name of Peter Pettigrew.
Mr. Lupin has confirmed that it is the same person by means of a memory whose credibility I have established through a solicitor's Pensieve".
Dumbledore replied, "Then let us proceed to the Gryffindor tower, Madam Bones.
We should corner him before he realises that you are here to capture him".
Dumbledore led them to the portrait hole and the fat-lady swung outside without waiting for the password.
As they were entering, Dumbledore said, "Who would have thought that I, a Gryffindor through and through would lead two Hufflepuffs (Amelia and Professor Sprout), a couple of Slytherins (Arcturus, Severus), a couple of Ravenclaws (Hestia, Professor Flitwick) and a whole bunch of Gryffindors into the tower willingly."
The others chuckled at his statement despite the general mood being grim.
As they entered the common room, Kingsley cast the imperturbable charm on the portrait hole so that no one could go out and he and Hestia stood on either side of the portrait hole with their wands drawn.
Dumbledore pulled out his rather strange looking wand and cautiously strode forward towards the stairway to the Boy's Dormitories.
Harry was in the common room having just returned from his running around the Black Lake when the strange entourage entered the room.
He bounded over to embrace Remus joyfully, then bowed respectfully to Arcturus as is proper for an heir to do.
Arcturus stayed with Harry.
Flitwick and Snape took up station on either side of the door to the boy's Dormatory stairs.
The rest of the party quietly climbed the stairs until McGonagall and Sprout took up station on the landing at the sixth floor.
Dumbledore, Amelia, Daily, Gawain, Proudfoot and Remus walked up to the first year dorms at the top of the tower.
Dumbledore asked Gawain and Proudfoot to stand guard at the door while he, Amelia and Remus rushed into the room, wands drawn.
They startled all four of Harry's room-mates awake which was evidenced by the grumbling followed by four sets of bed-curtains being drawn back by blurry eyed youths, trying to find out what was going on.
For a split second, the rat poked his nose out from Ron's bed and locked eyes with Remus.
Then the chase was on.
The red stunners followed the rat in rapid-fire succession as the trio tried to stop the fleeing rodent.
After a few seconds, they got smart and Dumbledore fired in front of the rat's line of travel while Amelia fired to its right and Remus fired to its left.
The rat obligingly dodged straight into Remus's stunner and was knocked senseless.
Ron who had been dumb during this entire scene cried out, " Scabbers!
What are you doing to my rat?!"
Remus picked him up by the scruff of his neck growling, "Hello Peter, thought you would escape us?"
In a calm, measured tone, Dumbledore said, "I am sorry, young Mr. Weasley but that is no rat.
You may come with us if you want to see what he really is".
They brought the stunned rat to the common room where McGonagall forced him to return to his natural form.
The rat transformed into a man who was half-bald, short height, watery eyed and looked like a rat.
His nose was even twitching like one.
Ron just looked on in horrified fascination.
Harry asked Remus, "Is this him, Moony?"
Remus viciously smiled, "Yes, Harry.
Allow me to introduce you to Peter Pettigrew".
What?
"He...
He is an animagus?
He lived with me for 10 years!"
someone exclaimed and they turned to see a red-head boy with a Prefect badge on his robes doing imitation of a fish gasping for breath.
The twins were smirking, no doubt planning to rub it in that he had been sleeping with a bloke for the last 10 years while Ron looked mortified that his stupid pet was a death-eater in disguise.
The contingent of wizards took their leave of the tower to go to the Headmaster's office and Arcturus let Harry tag along saying that of all people, he deserved to know the truth.
Dumbledore had sent Severus to fetch the strongest Veritaserum that he had ever brewed.
The potion master was of course happy to cooperate.
It only took Severus ten minutes to return to the Headmaster's office with the potion in-hand.
Peter Pettigrew had been tied to a chair with an anti-animagus jinx and was enervated now.
The rat was seeing certain death in front of him in the form of Albus Dumbledore, Amelia Bones, Remus Lupin and Harry Potter who despite his small size looked ferocious enough.
Remus opened the interrogation, "Lilly and James treated you better than a brother!
They trusted you!
How could you sell them out to Voldemort (most of the people shuddered)?"
Amelia pushed Remus aside growling, "This wretch has been hiding for ten years.
Your yelling at him is not going to loosen his tongue nor do I think harsh language will work, Mr. Lupin".
Drawing her wand, she fired a high-powered bludgeoning hex at him.
He cried out in pain as the unmistakable sound of cracking ribs was heard.
He even squealed like a rat, "I have rights!
You can't torture me!"
Amelia gave him an evil smirk, "You were declared dead and awarded the Order of Merlin, Third Class for your bravery ten years ago, Peter.
An innocent man was convicted for your murder.
A dead man has no rights".
She ripped off his sleeve and there it was.
The Dark Mark, the brand of Voldemort.
It had faded to grey lines from the dark lines that it used to be during the war but it was unmistakable.
She asked Kingsley to pull his head back and poured three drops of Veritaserum down his throat.
It took effect after a few seconds.
Amelia turned to Dumbledore, "Would you in your authority as Chief Warlock authorise this investigation?"
Albus jovially replied, "Of course Madam Bones.
Get me a transcript after you are done and I will ratify it in my capacity as Chief Warlock".
Amelia turned to Peter, "What is your name?"
Peter's eyes had rolled up in his head and he replied monotonously, as if in a trance, "Peter Almeidus Pettigrew".
Amelia asked, "Are you a death eater?"
Peter responded, "Yes."
She asked, "Was Sirius Black a death-eater?"
He answered, "No."
Amelia asked, "Who betrayed the Potters, Lilly, James and Harry?"
Peter answered, "I did."
Amelia asked, "How did you end up being their secret keeper?"
Peter explained, "James and Sirius suspected that there was a spy of the Dark lord in the Order.
They did not trust anyone with their security.
I planted suspicions in their minds regarding the loyalty of Remus Lupin and so they kept him out of their plan.
Lord Charlus Potter had performed the Fidelius on the cottage and they made me the secret keeper.
They let everyone believe that Sirius was their secret-keeper.
They thought it was the perfect deception.
They could not have known that I, a talentless thing was the very spy they feared.
I gave their secret to the Dark Lord".
Amelia asked, "Who else did you betray to the Dark Lord?"
Peter listed them off, "The Prewett twins, Dorcas Meadows, Caradoc Dearborn, Edgar and Ellie Bones, the McKinnons."
Amelia wanted to kill the rat at that instant.
She had never cast an unforgiveable but the list of his crimes was making her hate this vermin before her with every fibre of her being and if she didn't care about freeing an innocent languishing in prison then she would have killed the rat and dumped his body in the forbidden forest.
Amelia asked, "What happened that night when the 12 muggles were killed?"
Peter answered, "Sirius had been tracking me for the last three days.
When he cornered me at last, on a muggle street, I started shouting as if he had betrayed James and Lily.
Then I cast the bombarda behind my back and escaped as a rat into the sewers through the hole I created.
I did not mean for the muggles to die.
They were just standing too close when I fired off the spell.
I wandered for a few days before I reached Ottery St. Catchpole where a read-head boy adopted me as his pet."
After the investigation was completed, Amelia administered the counter potion to him.
He was shackled with magic restraining cuffs and transported to a safe house.
He would be held there until he could appear before the Wizengamot on Saturday.
Dumbledore happily signed an order to transfer Sirius Black from Azkaban to St. Mungo's where he would be under the care of the healers until the hearing on Saturday.
As they were leaving, Arcturus told Harry that he would take him to the Wizengamot for the hearing on Saturday.
Remus hugged him telling him that it was a stroke of luck that they had captured Peter and Sirius would be with them soon.
The Great Hall The whole business had been wrapped up in less than an hour.
Such was the efficiency of Amelia Bones and her hand-picked crew.
Harry left the Headmaster's office and charged back to the Gryffindor tower to find the common-room full of the students talking about what had happened.
The Weasleys, all four of them, seemed to be at the centre of the group with everyone firing questions at them.
A ripple went through the crowd as people realized that Harry had just come in through the portal.
They turned and started to try and question him, but he waved both hands in the air, gesturing for silence.
"I don't know about you blokes, but all this excitement has made me hungry.
", He gave his best lop-sided grin, "What say we all go down to breakfast."
Turning back toward the portal, he gestured from over his shoulder, "Let's go!"
Without another thought, they all poured out through the portal and headed down the stairs to the Great Hall.
They made quite a scene and any students who saw them along the way joined the throng out of curiosity.
Harry and Neville started walking in step.
The idea caught on and before they knew it, the entire crowd was marching together.
By the time they reached the Great Hall, Harry had all of Gryffindor, most of Ravenclaw and even a few Hufflepuffs, marching in step behind him.
As they passed the tables, the students of the other houses split off until only the Gryffindors marched past the Slytherin table and took their seats.
Dumbledore's beard was moving at the corners.
Snape stared with sullen disbelief.
McGonagall's mouth was not quite so thin a line as usual.
Hadrian Potter-Black had just made a statement.
The first years all sat in a group with the twins near by.
Hermione started asking questions about what happened that morning, something which the others probably wanted to do anyway, "Harry, who were all those people who came in the tower this morning?
Who was the man who was hiding as a rat?
What crime did he commit?
What will happen to him?"
Harry sighed.
"Miss Granger, I am sorry that I cannot answer all of your questions.
You will have to be content with what I can say.
While I like your active, inquisitive mind, some things must be kept confidential.
I hope that you will respect that.
Now as to your questions, I can say that the people who came this morning were Madam Bones- the head of the DMLE and a few of her Aurors.
The old man was Lord Black of the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black and the one who spoke to me was Remus Lupin.
The rat is Peter Pettigrew, an illegal animagus.
He has been hiding and presumed dead for nearly ten years.
It was thought that he was murdered, along with twelve muggles, in an explosion at the hands of Sirius Black.
I'm sorry I cannot say anything about what the man may have done or his fate because it is part of an active investigation and I could face criminal charges if I did."
Hermione again had a lot of questions but she said nothing deciding to find out answers by herself.
The extensive library of Hogwarts would contain all those answers.
As he was leaving breakfast, he was approached by Draco Malfoy, "Hello Potter.
I am Malfoy, Draco Malfoy.
I was looking for you on the train.
You should have told me that you are Harry Potter.
I just wanted you to know that I can help you here.
Certain families are better than others and you would do well to be my friend.
With the Slytherins behind me and the Lions behind you, we can rule the wizarding world.
Surely you would not want to become friends with the wrong sort".
Harry looked at him scornfully, "Yes, I have heard about you, Malfoy and what would the wrong sort be?
As far as I know, your father was accused of being a death eater and used the imperious curse defence to narrowly escape spending the rest of his life in Azkaban.
This is not the case with the people who actually are my friends.
Also, what do you have to offer me to consider your friendship?
Your family name?
That is dirt on the continent from where they actually came.
The Family Line of House Malfoy is disgraced in France and your family is never allowed to return.
You cannot lead people by yourself and intimidation will not work without the Black name backing you up.
I can see who the wrong sort is".
Draco wanted to retort but at the same moment Professor McGonagall descended and he left followed by his posse of lackeys.
Ron said to him, "Wow Harry, you taught him a good lesson.
The Snakes are all death-eaters".
Harry glared at him, "No, Ron.
Not all of them.
The parents of that mangy lot for sure, but not all.
Do you know that there are a couple of Slytherins in your family tree, Ronald?
Your own grand-mother and my Great aunt Cedrella Weasley nee Black was a Slytherin during her years at Hogwarts.
The man who was arrested yesterday from the Gryffindor Common Room was a Gryffindor during his time at Hogwarts.
Our choices define us, not which house we belong to.
I for one will not tolerate bigotry or biases".
Ron started to open his mouth then thought better of it.
The first class for the day was Charms with the Ravenclaws again.
The time flew by as the professor engaged the class.
Harry looked for opportunities to engage some of the Claws in conversation, but it was a busy classroom and they were intent on their studies.
Next up was DADA with Ravenclaw again.
They moved as one body down the hall-way to the Defence classroom.
Once they got their home-work handed in, the class got pretty dull.
The students managed to make out what the teacher was talking about through his stuttering then opened up their text books to try and learn something useful.
Nobody tried to ask any questions and after a while, the teacher just sat silently behind his desk until the period was over.
Lunch, Great Hall The firsties were sitting together in a group for lunch.
However Harry noticed that Hermione was sitting away from the others.
Although he did not know the muggle-born witch too well, he felt that it was wrong to leave her sitting by herself.
He hollered to her, "Hey Granger, come join us here".
Ron tried to stop him, "Harry, she is a bossy, annoying know-it-all who asks too many questions.
Nobody can stand her".
Harry glared at him, whispering, "Ron if you want to be my friend then please stop judging others.
She is new to the wizarding world and she feels like she has something to prove.
It is natural that she would be inclined to ask questions.
She will be fine once she gets some acceptance from us and settles down a bit".
Hermione hesitantly rose from her seat and joined them.
Harry wanted her to feel included in his group because he had realized that she could browse through the heavy tomes in the library more rapidly.
A skill like that would help with research, home-work and, yes, finding spells for pranking.
He started asking about her family, her parents, their occupation and other little details, mostly to keep her from asking questions because he knew that once she got started, she would not stop asking questions.
Lunch was a cheerful, enjoyable affair.
They were talking about their families in general.
Dean was perhaps a half-blood or a muggle born while Seamus was a half-blood.
He of course knew about Ron's family.
The red head also grumbled about Harry not taking him along all over the castle while exploring and Harry told him to stand for himself.
He sternly told him that one must carve their own path and not try to latch onto others.
Harry was trying to be inclusive and get to know everyone, but Ron had a bad habit of putting his foot in his mouth, running other people down or complaining and it was starting to wear on his nerves.
When Harry was not actively engaged in conversation, he was observing the Slytherin table.
Their firsties seemed to be divided into two groups.
One was led by Draco Malfoy and others who joined him were Crabbe, Goyle, Parkinson and Bulstrode.
The second group was led by Daphne and present in her group were Tracy, Zabini and Lilith Moon.
The only oddball was Nott who was by himself and did not seem to be mingling with either of the two groups.
Harry mentally smirked that Daphne had started laying groundwork for future domination in Slytherin.
They only had to neutralize Malfoy's power and things would be easy for them.
History of Magic Classroom The entire afternoon was taken up by double History of Magic with the Hufflepuffs.
Once the students were settled in their seats, the teacher came drifting in through the blackboard.
This Professor Binns was almost as bad as Quirrell!
He was a ghost.
No, he was not a pleasant and engaging spirit like the Gryffindor ghost, Nearly Headless Nick.
Harry guessed that this fellow had been an intolerable, old bore before he left his body behind and kept right on teaching.
From Harry's reading, it seemed that the shade had his facts straight at least, but, the way he got all of his student's names wrong and just droned on and on in his raspy monotone was enough to put anyone to sleep.
When a student wanted to ask a question, he seemed genuinely surprised and somewhat annoyed to find students in his classroom.
This fellow was able to make thoroughly boring tripe out of epic battles and even the most amazing political intrigue.
Harry thought, and he was not alone in this, that any other teacher would have had the students sitting on the edge of their seats with this material.
As it was, even Hermione Granger had trouble keeping her head from drooping.
Library After History of Magic, they only had a half hour to meet in the library.
Harry took Neville with him.
They took a seat at the very back.
Harry produced a little contraption which Lord Black had given him and placed it in the centre of the table.
When he tapped it with his wand, the device erected a "notice me not" and a "privacy" ward around them.
They both had agreed that they would use the device when they wanted to meet with Daphne for a study session or for having discussions with her.
She knew about the device and had been taught about how to find the notice-me-not wards in the library so she would not have to pull her hair in frustration from not finding them.
Daphne came about 10 minutes later with her arms laden with books and dumped those on the table while growling at him, "Where is your famed Gryffindor chivalry, Potter-Black?
Can't you help a lady with her burden?"
Harry smirked.
"Sorry Miss Greengrass, but each to his own".
Neville however was being a proper gentleman to her, helping her with the books and to settle down at the table.
After she made herself comfortable, she asked him, "did you find anyone worth allying with, Harry?"
Harry smiled, "Yes.
I befriended Ernie Macmillan who has promised to acquaint me with friends of House Potter and House Black.
I have also met charming Miss Bones and Miss Abbott who are very pleasant ladies.
I hope to get to know them better during Astronomy tonight.
I have yet to find a claw who is interested in making idle chat while we are having a class, though.
Also, I am looking through the Lions to find some who are really interesting."
She replied sarcastically, "And what about the Serpents, Oh Mighty One?"
He gave her a lop-sided grin, "As you know, we have yet to have a class together.
So far, I have had two encounters with Malfoy and his crew.
He seems the sort to be avoided, rather unpleasant.
Of course, you and Tracey seem fine for a snake, but I'm reserving judgement until I get to know the others better.
Of course, I am counting on your impeccable judgement in that direction.
Our first class together is flying tomorrow, before dinner.
Let's just wait and see what happens there."
They spent the next 15 minutes making small talk and plotting to rule the wizarding world together before Harry removed his device from the table and went down to dinner with Ron.
Daphne waited a discrete few minutes before rounding up Tracey, who was flirting with some third years, and heading down to the Great Hall herself.
They passed the evening in the Gryffindor common room, working on homework assignments and roundly abusing Professors Binns and Quirrell.
They generally agreed that Flitwick and Sprout were alright.
They were, however, reserving judgement on McGonagall.
She seemed a bit too strict for most people's taste, but nobody fell asleep in her class and she did seem to know her stuff.
The sun had long since set and it was a beautiful, clear night.
Harry and Neville knew that no matter what route they took, the top of the astronomy tower was going to be a long walk.
About 8:30, they packed up their work and started toward the distant tower top.
The other first years, who had learned by now that Harry did not get lost and was typically first to arrive at the classrooms, noticed the movement and followed the two of them out through the portal.
Top of the Astronomy Tower The Gryffindor first years made a long trek through several secret passages and trudged up about 20 flights of stairs.
Finally, they emerged at the top of the tallest tower of the school, into a crystal clear, cool night.
From up here, Harry could see for miles in all directions, as far as the mountains on three sides and past the town of Hogsmead toward the sea on the other side.
It was plain why the founders had chosen this location.
The entire area was defended by natural barriers.
With relatively little effort, many square miles could be hidden from muggle eyes and made impenetrable to even the most determined invasion force.
Professor Sinistra was already there and she greeted the Gryffindors as they emerged onto the rooftop.
They all had a few minutes to look around before the Hufflepuffs arrived.
They did not have Harry to lead them up here and, coming from the area near the kitchens, they had even further to travel.
But they did arrive, as a group, still puffing from the long climb up the stairs.
The professor asked the last to emerge to close the door behind him, shutting off the last bit of light from inside the castle.
In the distance, Harry could see the light in Hagrid's window go out, leaving them with nothing but the light from the night sky.
The stars seemed to be more intense and numerous than Harry could remember ever seeing them.
The waning crescent moon did not give much light.
The professor set them up in teams to take turns using the telescopes and recording their observations.
With a quick word to Neville, Harry went to the two Hufflepuff girls who were working on their star charts.
Presenting himself like he had been taught by Great Aunt Cassiopeia, he greeted them, "Hello, I am Hadrian Potter-Black".
One of the girls who had strawberry blonde hair, said, with a grin on her face, "Yes, we introduced ourselves to you at breakfast on Monday.
I am Susan Bones and this is Hannah Abbott.
May we call you Harry?"
He smiled warmly, "By all means, Miss Bones.
I expect I have leave to address you by your name then?"
Hannah answered this time, "of course you may.
May I ask you a question, if you do not mind?"
Harry answered, with his lop-sided grin, "You may always ask, However, I may not always answer".
Hannah asked him, "Where were you all these years?
We knew that you had been hidden away from the magical world but nobody knew where.
We all grew up reading "the adventures of Harry Potter" but we do not believe that they are really about you.
We think that they are just someone's attempt to mint money using your name and teach values like bravery, compassion, friendship, empathy etc.
to small children."
Harry had been anticipating the question and knew that the same question would be asked again and again by everyone who became his friend.
In a show of goodwill, he would have to say something to them.
However, it did not mean that he had to tell them the absolute truth about his whereabouts for the last decade.
Harry gave a genuine smile to them, "I have read those books too.
They are a work of fiction, but I could think of worse ways to use my name.
As for the rest, I will answer what I can.
I was taken out of the cottage at Godric's Hollow and taken to a location which is under the Fidelius Charm and I cannot speak about it.
I grew up there with elves and a few relatives on my father's side".
Hannah started to ask, "Do you remember anything about..." But Susan clamped her mouth shut and said, "Sometimes, her mouth can get the better of her.
She does not have a filter on her mouth and just says whatever comes to mind".
Harry nodded.
He knew the other girl was going to ask if he remembered anything about that night and the truth was that Harry could not recall anything from that night.
He had been so small that it would have been a marvellous feat if he had remembered anything at all.
The earliest memories which were present were fuzzy and distorted.
They were of a little house with a beefy man and a horse faced woman.
He gathered that they must have been his muggle aunt Petunia and uncle Vernon but he had no idea where that place was.
It was clear that they were not his parents.
He had seen photos of his parents and he had got their best features including the black mop of hair on his head, which was a Potter curse.
Susan asked him, "Did you know that our parents were friends?
They were in Hogwarts at the same time and good friends during the war.
My auntie was your father's superintendent in the Auror force".
Harry nodded, "Yes, I was told this.
If things had been different, we might have grown up together.
Did you two girls know each other from before Hogwarts?"
Hannah cheerfully said, "Yes.
We have been friends as long as I can remember.
Susan's mother was my mother's friend and Aunt Amelia sent her to my house very often considering she had active duty as an Auror during the war and as the Head of the DMLE later".
The three hours went whizzing by, taking turns at the telescope, recording their observations and chit-chatting the whole while.
Before they knew it, the professor was asking them to turn in their charts of Saturn with its rings and moons for next class and they were packing up to get to their beds.
Harry had enjoyed his time with Susan and Hannah.
Even though he had never met them before Monday morning and had never seen them before Sunday evening, they already felt like old friends.
They were friendly and easy to talk with.
They would be his way into the Badger's hole and making some more friends there.
His next target was Ravenclaw.
He would befriend a couple of them and then they would introduce him to others in the house.
The Badgers had been easy to befriend by just being friendly to them and maintaining an air of mysteriousness around himself.
By the time first year ended, he would have almost three quarters of the school behind him.
A/N- So this is it for this chapter, guys.
Well we will see how Hadrain Potter-Black will fare against the Dungeon Bat when he knows about his history with James Potter.
Also since the boy has studied potion making before Hogwarts, things will not be the same.
Thanks for your lovely reviews.
Thank you Anarion, fifespice for the appreciation.
Rebecca: Thank you for the lovely review which you have posted and trust me, he will cause so much waves.
Debygoebel: thank you for the review.
I hope you will like the story as it progresses.
Mizzrazz- Well, I can't show my hand before time, can I?
Atmeyer: Thank you for the review.
I am glad you like this story.
However as we know Dumbledore is the most powerful wizard and know of ancient magics, would it not be better for Harry to ally with the Old Wizard and make use of the opportunity to learn of ancient magics and become powerful?
Hazeleyes: I loved your review absolutely.
I do hope sincerely that this story would keep entertaining you.
ObsessedwithHPFanFic: I always love your reviews.
Keep showing your appreciation.
THANK YOU HYPERGYM FOR EDITING THIS CHAPTER AND MAKE ME LOOK SMARTER BEFORE THESE FINE PEOPL.
ogwarts Classes on Thursday had been easy for Harry at least with knowing what to expect of the teachers now.
Professor Sprout, as was her way, gave them a plant to study and then left them to study its characteristics and make notes on it.
They crowded in groups around the plants.
This time Harry chose another group.
He joined Wayne Hopkins, Ernie Macmillan and Justin Finch Fletchley who was a muggle-born and had been selected for Eaton before he got his Hogwarts letter.
Since the plant they were supposed to be studying was an ordinary one, there was a lot of small talk during which Ernie managed to invite Harry into a meeting of his circle of friends in the evenings in the library.
Harry of course looked for any such invitation and gladly accepted.
Wayne Hopkins was a half-blood and a joyous person who liked to crack jokes even if at his own expense.
The Herbology class went easy and soon it was time to wrap up their work and go to their next classes.
To avoid cleaning and changing into fresh clothes again and again, Harry had looked for and perfected two cleaning spells- Scourgify and Tergio and they swept all dirt off him in a trice.
The next period was Transfiguration which was with the Claws and Professor McGonagall was teaching them to change a matchstick into a needle.
"Today, you will learn how to transfigure a match-stick into a needle.
Your task is to change the match-sticks in front of you into needles.".
She whipped her wand out and with a flourish of her wand, changed a match-stick into a needle which elicited praise from the students.
She started speaking again, "To do this, perform the incantation and imagine the match-stick changing into a needle.
Now begin".
Everyone around him was muttering incantations under their breath before they cast.
Harry flicked his wand lazily and the matchstick turned into a needle.
He turned around to find others were just starting to cast and he sat back watching them.
Hermione got her transformation correct on her first try having already practiced the wand-movements before she tried it.
Remus had taught him tricks people employed to do things and this was one of them where you memorized everything required for a task before actually performing it.
That way it was easy for them to do it and did not require as much time.
Ronald was jabbing his wand at the matchstick in frustration trying to get it to transform but it was not happening.
Harry noted that he was getting the incantation wrong and his wand movement was slightly off.
Neville had done it in two tries and was sitting watching the others.
Others were in similar stages of casting.
For this class, he had taken a seat with Padma Patil and Isobel McDougall.
They had been successful in making the transformation happen in a couple of tries and were watching others.
He turned to say something to Padma but was interrupted by Professor McGonagall, "Mr. Potter-Black, why are you not doing the assignment?"
"I have already finished it, Professor".
She raised an eye-brow at him, "Then maybe you should show me?"
She produced another match-stick for him and Harry casually flicked his wand.
She picked up the needle and scrutinized it critically.
"Mr. Potter-Black, this is a very fine piece of Transfiguration.
The needle is absolutely steel.
Nothing of the wooden texture of the matchstick remains.
The work on it is very detailed.
With the point being very sharp and I'm sure I could thread the eye.
Five points to Gryffindor for such an amazing transfiguration".
As she moved away to talk with others, he turned to Padma again, "Hey, were you not sorted into Gryffindor?
Why are you wearing Ravenclaw colors?"
She looked at him incredulously, "Do you honestly not know that I have a twin who was sorted into Gryffindor and lives in the same tower as you do?"
Harry grinned, "Of course I do but there was no other way for me to talk to any of you.
You guys do not even deign to speak unless it is very important".
Isobel who was sitting on the other side of Padma said, "And does it befit a gentleman to approach a lady resorting to trickery and without any introduction?"
He tried to assume a haughty expression, "I would not say that the thought did not cross my mind but then I thought of course everybody knows me so I would not need to introduce myself".
The girls chuckled at his posturing and Padma said, "Nice try but you still should have introduced yourself".
Isobel said, "Anyway, I am Isobel McDougall and this is Padma Patil and you of course told us who you are.
You may address us by our names".
Just then Professor McGonagall turned up at their table and poured a handful of matchsticks before him.
"I can see you have the propensity of your father to cause trouble in class but not here, not in this class.
For the rest of this period, keep at transforming these into needles".
Harry pouted while the other girls chuckled.
The rest of the period was spent with Harry transfiguring matchsticks into needles and having a word with the girls in between when he was certain that Professor McGonagall was not watching.
As the class ended, Professor McGonagall dismissed them with homework to write two feet of parchment on the assignment for this lesson.
While they were walking to the next class, he was accosted by Hermione.
"Harry how did you do that so quickly?
I mean I had practiced the wand movement, perfected the incantation but I saw you doing none of that".
Harry took a deep breath before answering her.
"Miss Granger, I did not do it the way you do.
Everyone has different ways about doing something and I have mine.
It is as simple as that".
She asked him again, "Why do you call me Miss Granger?
You can call me by my name".
Harry replied, "Miss Granger, I have had some exposure to the Muggle World but my upbringing does not permit me to address you by your given name unless you give me the leave to do so".
She thought over his words for a while frowning and visibly trying to find the logic in his statement before she said, "I do not know what manners you are talking about but you may call me Hermione".
They arrived for Charms and the professor waited for the class to gather before he started speaking.
"All of you have perfected "lumos" and "nox" by now so today we will start a different charm.
We are going to learn "incendio" which is a fire making spell.
This spell is widely used in a number of things.
Even in Herbology, where you do not use many spells, Incendio is taught as a mandatory requirement because there are times when plants have to be destroyed when they attack people and cannot be stopped any other way.
He gave them the incantation and the wand movement and let them practice.
Harry dutifully started to cast the charm.
Once or twice, Flitwick had to tell him to control his spells.
This was new to Harry because he had not heard about it.
"Professor, would you explain to me about controlling my spells?"
The charms Professor contemplated things for a few moments before he started explaining, "Mr. Potter-Black, there are some things which I cannot explain in a class however if you would come to my office this evening at 7:00, I would be happy to help you".
The charms period went quickly with learning the charm.
When the class was over, he dismissed them with homework to write an essay about incendio and its uses to be submitted next week.
For lunch this time, he chose the Ravenclaw table.
It was a new strategy he had thought to adopt just after the transfiguration class.
The rules in 'Hogwarts: A History' said that the students were to sit at their house tables during the start of the year feast and end of the year feast but nothing was said about other times and therefore the students could sit at other tables.
He slipped into a seat beside Terry Boot, extending a hand to him, "Hi, I am Hadrian Potter-Black".
Terry was surprised but covered it up and said to him warmly, "I am Terry Boot".
Terry introduced him to other students in Ravenclaw in their year.
Of those, he noticed Su Li who never said anything but kind of existed in the background, Mandy Brocklehurst who was a shy girl but fun to be around when she opened up to others, Lisa Turpin who was very frank and warm to others, Anthony Goldstein who was a very reserved person usually, Stephen Cornfoot who was the son of Squibs on both sides of the family and liked to experiment with magic, Michael Corner who he found was jovial and liked pranks and Oliver Rivers who just grunted a greeting to him before turning to food.
Lisa Turpin asked him, "What brings you here, Potter-Black?"
Harry gave her his lop-sided grin.
"Please call me Harry, Miss Turpin.
I wish people to count me as their friend As such, there is no reason to stand on formalities among us.
As to what brings me here, I am trying to make friends in all houses.
Who knows who I might need to do some pranks in the castle?"
Michael laughed, "I knew I like this guy.
Tell you what, Harry if you want some help for a prank, you are always welcome to ask.
If I cannot help, I am sure Lisa would extend a helping hand".
Lisa concurred.
"I would love to do something like that.
As it is, things are very boring in the Eagle's nest and please call me Lisa".
Harry smiled, "I believe we can look forward to many adventures together, Lisa".
After lunch, the most anticipated moment of the day had arrived- The flying lessons.
Harry had heard boasts from many of his friends about their flying prowess and things they did on a broom and was bored.
When someone asked him, he told them that Lord Black did not allow him a broom saying he deserved to ride a hippogriff or a thestral or one of those flying horses.
Harry really had lessons in flying for a year after Lord Black had taken him out of Muggle primary.
He told them that Lord Black thought brooms were for the immature.
Of course it was a lie that he could not fly a broom and no one except Neville knew it but all the same it saved him from a lot of haranguing from others about his experiences.
He had heard enough from others as it was.
Even Malfoy had been heard boasting about flying on his broom and escaping Muggles in Helicopters as if he could escape from getting prosecuted for violating the Statute of Secrecy.
Ronald too had boasted about flying in his family orchard on his brother's brooms.
As the lesson came near and near, Hermione was reciting facts from Quidditch through the Ages and giving tips about flying to those who would listen.
Harry realized that it was her way to calm her nerves because she was freaked out about flying.
Neville had been on a broom several times but he still had problems getting a broom to obey his will.
They had tried flying on the grounds of the Black Castle and after a couple of accidents he had finally learned to fly but had not perfected his mounting technique.
During lunch, Neville's owl landed before him bringing him a small parcel from his grandmother.
There was a glass ball in it and a packet of candies for Harry from his Gran Augusta (she insisted that he called her Gran whenever he had visited Longbottom Manor).
Neville showed him the glass-ball with a poker face expression.
Harry had to suppress a laugh.
"I never thought that she would actually send you a remembrall, mate.
I never realized that she was taking those things seriously.
You do not have a problem remembering things anymore, do you?"
Neville had a habit of misplacing things or tended to be lazy at times in remembering instructions Augusta had given him.
He also would forget things but that was cured when he had learned Occlumency from his Great Uncle Algie.
Augusta used to threaten to send him a Remembrall for all the troubles that Neville gave her.
Now she had actually sent one.
Neville shook his head, "I do not forget things anymore, Harry.
She is just taking the mickey out of me".
Since they were supposed to be going down to flying lessons, they grouped together and went down to the Quidditch pitch where the Slytherins had already arrived.
They all stood together when Madam Hooch came walking down the pitch and said good afternoon to the gathered students which they returned enthusiastically.
She surveyed the students for a few moments, taking stock of them before she started her lesson.
She pulled two shrunken sacks out of her robes and enlarging them, she pulled out brooms which looked like they were new.
She lined them up in two lines facing each other.
"Welcome to flying class.
Here I will teach you all to fly properly on a broom.
Now each one of you will stand beside a broom, hover your right hand over it and firmly say up.
I do not expect any student to have trouble with calling their brooms to them because these brooms are new and the charms worked into them should work well".
Everyone said the incantation at the same time and the brooms responded differently to each one.
Harry's broom zoomed to his hand with a resounding smack as he closed his hand around the handle.
Neville's just squirmed on the ground.
Hermione's refused to move.
Ronald did not anticipate his broom responding so quickly and it smacked him in the face.
Malfoy was also hit in the shoulder but by the looks of it, it was not very painful for him.
After every one had their broom in their hand, Hooch gave the next instructions.
"Now thump the ground hard with your foot and take off.
Start slowly and increase acceleration steadily.
Too quickly and you will lose control".
Harry had not realized how jumpy Neville had been.
Before Madam Hooch could ask them to start ascending, he was already leaving the ground.
Madam Hooch tried to stop him, .
She called him back and he slowed down but forgot a part of the flying lessons about leaning forward to turn his broom downwards.
As a result, he fell and crumpled to the ground.
While he had not fallen from too great a height, with the way he was wincing Harry was sure that he had broken a bone or two.
Madam Hooch cast a few spells at his hand and realized that he had broken his wrist.
As she started toward the infirmary with him, she warned the students to stay on the ground until she returned or the one to do that would be expelled.
Harry was concerned for his friend but heard some snickering and turned to find Malfoy picking up a glass ball from the ground and showing it to his friends.
He realized it was Neville's Remembrall which must have fallen from his pocket.
Malfoy was saying to his friends, "Did you see his face?
If he had this in his pocket he would have remembered to lean forward to come down".
Harry shouted at him, You will return that Malfoy if you know what is good for you".
Draco sneered, "No, I think I will put it somewhere he can't find it".
Malfoy took to the skies taunting him, "What's wrong Potter?
Too high for you?"
Harry knew he should not fly after him but the blood was pounding in his ears and he wanted to teach Malfoy a lesson.
He kicked off hard and flew after Malfoy determined to show up the blond ponce.
Malfoy's facial expressions were worth watching.
It looked like he had not expected Harry to come after him and without his lackeys to back him up, he was looking for a way to escape.
Harry could tell that he was not comfortable facing him alone.
He gave an evil smirk to him, "What's wrong, Malfoy?
Not so brave without your lackeys here to back you up?
Give me the Remembrall back and I might spare you".
Malfoy threw the Remembrall away with all his might and it soared into the air.
Without a thought, Harry raced after it, planning to snatch it out of the air.
He willed his broom to go at top speed and it flew making him revel in the exhilaration of the air whipping through his hair and whooped at the top of his voice.
The Remembrall was freely falling towards the ground and he dived after it trying to grab it before he injured himself.
A few feet above the ground, he finally caught it in his hand and pulled out of the dive before he plowed into the ground.
He managed to level off with less than a foot to spare, narrowly avoiding serious injury or death and flew back to join the other students.
He dismounted and was mobbed by his friends who were thumping him on the back, shaking his hand while Malfoy was getting green with envy.
"HARRY POTTER!
", Professor McGonagall's voice cut through the air and he found her coming towards them at a dead run, clutching her chest.
She said between gasps, "never... in all my years... No first year... " After she was able to control her breathing, she pursed her lips in a thin line and said, "Follow me".
Ron said, "But Professor, Malfoy provoked him".
"Be quiet, Mr. Weasley.
I am sure that he can speak for himself if he wish to".
Parvati put her two knuts in, "Professor, he was just retrieving Neville's Remembrall".
McGonagall glared at her making her stop.
She pointed at Harry to follow her through the castle up and down through the corridors.
Harry knew that the rules were pretty tough and if the authorities were bent on it, they could expel him.
But having heard of the mischief students had been up to in the previous years, he knew he would get off very easily.
She led him to the Charms classroom where she peeped in and said to the tiny charms master, "Professor Flitwick, can I borrow Wood for a minute?"
Wood?
Was she going to punish him?
Harry thought of all the scenarios that could have happened and none of them were to his liking however Wood turned out to be a burly fifth year boy who looked as surprised as Harry felt.
She pointed at Wood to follow her and led them to a deserted classroom.
Peeves was in the classroom writing rude words on the blackboard and she barked at him, "Out, Peeves".
He blew a raspberry at her before tossing the chalk to the desk and floated through the wall.
After making sure that they were alone, Professor McGonagall turned to Wood, "Wood, here is your new seeker".
Harry arched an eye-brow at her as Wood asked, "Are you serious, Professor?"
She turned to Harry, "Potter-Black, meet Oliver Wood.
Wood is captain of the Gryffindor Quidditch team".
She turned to Wood, "He caught that thing in his hand after a fifty foot dive and did not even sustain a scratch over it.
Not even legendary Charlie Weasley could have done that".
Harry of course knew about Charlie Weasley by reputation.
He was touted to be so good that people thought he could have gone on to play for England if he did not go chasing Dragons in Romania.
Professor McGonagall was asking, "Was that your first time on a broom, Potter-Black?"
Harry knew there was no reason to lie anymore nor there was the need to.
He gave her his best lop-sided grin, "I have ridden a broom stick ever since I could walk though I would confess that it was not a racing broom".
Wood was delighted hearing that and was bouncing on the balls of his feet, examining Harry and muttering, "Short and sleek.
Just the thing a seeker needs.
We will have to get him a racing broom Professor and I do not need to remind you that a first year cannot be on the team.
Merlin knows we need someone good on our team".
She sighed, "Yes, I will talk to Professor Dumbledore and see if something can be done about it.
We need to win the cup this time.
Heaven knows we need a better team this year.
Flattened in that last match with Slytherin and I was not able to face Professor Snape for weeks".
Wood turned to Harry, "Come see me this evening after dinner, Potter-Black.
We will need to see what you can do".
Harry knew he had an engagement with Professor Flitwick to keep and said the same to Wood who looked like he wanted to say something but then acquiesced, "Then we will meet tomorrow evening.
Keep it between us until I have had the chance to test you".
Harry nodded.
That was perfect for him not having to tout his feats before the school.
As Harry returned to the Common Room, Neville accosted him, "What happened?
What did Professor McGonagall say?"
He winked at him without others noticing and said rather loudly for benefit of others, "She warned me not to indulge in any more rule-breaking or she would have to take points off me or detention".
Some others protested that this was not fair but Harry could not care less.
He dragged Neville to the library knowing Daphne would be there waiting to hear about his story.
They found her at a table in the back sitting by herself already reading for the homework this week.
He placed the contraption on the table and activated it with a tap of his wand.
After he was sure that the wards were up, Daphne turned to him, "So what happened?
Did you fall from grace even before you achieved it?"
Harry grinned, "Hardly.
She took me to the Gryffindor Quidditch captain who wants me on the team as Seeker.
Professor McGonagall is going to speak to Professor Dumbledore about making an exception to the rules so that I can be on the team".
Daphne mock scowled, "All the preferential treatment to the great Hadrian Potter-Black of course.
What else did she promise you?
Separate living quarters, perhaps?"
Harry grinned, "Hardly.
Now you tell me what is happening in the Serpent's Pit?"
She eyed him assessing him.
"The serpents do not mingle much with anyone except their friends.
The senior years only bow to those who are beyond reproach to them or are on higher social standing than them.
I spoke with a few of them while a couple of them are warming up to Malfoy, though I do believe that is not because of him but rather his father's reputation".
The rest of the lesson was spent with studying for the homework assignments.
As it neared 7:00, he took his leave of the two to go to Flitwick.
Professor Flitwick welcomed him joyously, "Welcome Mr. Potter-Black.
Please take a seat".
Harry took a seat and made himself comfortable.
The charms professor eyed him for few seconds before he started speaking, "Mr. Potter-Black, every wizard when he turns 11 has to go through assessment of his magical core and the amount of power he has.
The wizarding power index measures their power and ranks them according to their power.
A muggle would be measured 0 while anyone with power below 20 is a squib.
From 20 to 70 is a wizard who cannot perform the more complicated spells or perform those which require more power.
Above 70 to 150 is what we would consider ordinary wizards.
Above 150 to 220 is a sorcerer; above 220 to 350 is Grand Sorcerer, above 350 to 500 is a warlock, above 500 to 750 is a mage.
Above 750 to 1,000 lies the Grand Mage.
Anything above 1000 is an arche-mage.
You, like others were measured for your power when you turned 11.
You measured at 60 already meaning you are nearly as powerfull as an adult average wizard.
By the time you finish maturing, your power will be well beyond the level for an average witch or wizard".
Harry's curiosity was piqued, "What does that mean, Professor?"
"That means you will be a Grand Sorcerer by the time that your magical core reaches maturity.
About the same power range as Albus Dumbledore and you-know-who, two of the most powerful wizards of modern times.
When a normal wizard uses 'incendio' it produces a jet of fire but if someone as powerful as you uses 'incendio' with all your power, it is like an inferno, bright and fiery.
Since using magic taxes our core, putting too much power in your spells would cause you to magically exhaust yourself quickly".
"And how do I control it, Professor?"
"Do you know of Occlumency, Mr.
Potter-Black?"
"Yes sir.
Lord Black was most insistent that I learn occlumency once I turned 8 because it is a useful skill to have".
The charms professor smiled, "Good.
For Occlumency, you need to clear your mind and control your emotions.
Likewise, you need to concentrate on what you want your spell to do when you are casting it.
For example, you imagine fire coming out as a jet of fire rather than a raging inferno and your magic will do your bidding.
For now, you need to control the power in your spells by doing the Occlumency exercises and concentrating on controlling your emotions and how much power you want to use in your spells".
The next day Harry arrived at the breakfast table in anticipation of the day.
Today they had only one class- double Potions with the Slytherins.
He had been waiting to see Snape for himself and see what kind of man he was.
He knew that his father had a long standing history with the hook-nosed teacher and the potions master had never let go of the grudges between them.
It seemed to only get worse when Lily stopped speaking to him after he called her an interfering mud-blood.
As they were taking their breakfast, Hedwig landed before him with a letter in her talons.
He knew of no one who would write a letter to him today.
Lord Black and Moony would have been busy with the preparations for Sirius's trial tomorrow and he would be meeting them anyway.
He took the letter and opened it.
It turned out it was from Hagrid.
"Harry My name is Hagrid and I am the groundskeeper and keeper of the keys.
I was a friend to your mum and dad when they were at school.
I know you have no classes after lunch today so I would be delighted if you can come by for some tea this afternoon.
Hagrid" Harry showed the letter to Neville who nodded that it would not be amiss to meet the big man.
He looked like a good man anyway.
Harry scratched his reply on the back of the letter and sent it to Hagrid with Hedwig.
When they reached the Potions class room and had taken their seats, Snape entered the dungeons sneering, his cloak billowing behind him.
He also called the students from the register and his lips curled when he called Harry's name, "Ah yes.
Hadrian Potter-Black, our new- celebrity".
Harry glared at him and as they locked eyes, Harry could feel a light intrusion in his mind.
Hary concentrated and smacked the potion master's head against the walls of his outer defenses a few times before tossing him out of his mind.
Snape's eyes widened in surprise for a moment before he recovered his senses and placed the sneer back on his face.
Harry knew that casting legilimency on a minor without permission of a parent or guardian was not legal.
But only active legilimency could be proved because passive legilimency did not use a wand.
After he finished taking attendance, he looked at each of the students in the class.
His eyes were as black as Hagrid's but there was no warmth in them.
They rather looked cold and empty and devoid of any emotion and would make one think of black tunnels.
"You are here to learn the delicate science and exact art of potion-making," he began.
He spoke in barely more than a whisper but they caught every word.
He had the gift of keeping a class silent with a word like Professor McGonagall.
"As there is little foolish wand-waving, many of you will hardly believe this is magic.
I don't expect you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering cauldron with its simmering fumes, the delicate power of liquids that creep through human veins, bewitching the mind, ensnaring the senses.
I can teach you how to bottle fame, brew glory, and even stopper death- if you aren't as big a bunch of dunderheads as I usually have to teach".
Everyone was turning his words in their mind and weighing the truth behind them.
For the first impression, it seemed he had captivated the class.
"Potter-Black", he suddenly said.
"What will I get if I added powdered root of Asphodel to infusion of wormwood?"
Harry knew the plants that he had asked about.
Being friends with Longbottom and spending considerable time in Green Houses certainly prepared him for it.
Hermione had raised her hand as Harry knew she would however he also knew that Snape would not ask her to answer his questions.
Harry calmly replied, "Sir, this is not covered in our first year text.
However, it would make a sleeping potion so powerful it is called the Draught of Living Death.
A drop of well brewed Draught of Living Death can put a person into an enchanted sleep for months".
Snape's facial expressions were comical.
It looked like he was trying to swallow something which was stuck in his throat.
He asked another question, "What is the difference between Monkshood and Wolfsbane?"
Hermione was positively jumping on the balls of her feet now raising her hand in the air but Snape was resolutely ignoring her.
Harry answered again, "They are the same thing, Professor and are also known as Aconite, an important ingredient in the wolfsbane potion".
Snape looked positively infuriated now.
It was clear that he did not expect Harry to know these answers to his questions.
Instead of humiliating the boy in front of the entire class, Harry was making him look like the bully he was.
He tried one more time, "Where would you find a bezoar?"
Hermione was standing now raising her hand and trying not to speak.
He replied cheekily, "In this room, I would expect that one can find a bezoar in the store cupboard, Professor but otherwise a bezoar is a stone found in the stomach of a goat.
It is a primary ingredient in the antidotes to most poisons and can, by itself, neutralize most of them.
Also, if you would not mind, professor, Hermione would be willing to answer any more questions you have.
I am sure that other students would be feeling left out if you pay too much personal attention to me".
The other students were shocked at his behavior while a few were trying to suppress laughter from erupting.
Snape sneered at him, "One point from Gryffindor for your cheek, Potter-Black".
Harry shrugged but said nothing.
He had expected something like this to happen.
Snape turned to the other students, "Why are you all not writing it down?"
Everyone rushed to write what they were just told while he flicked his wand at the board and instructions appeared on it.
He said to them, "You will be brewing the cure for boils which is a rather simple potion.
You have an hour.
You may begin".
Harry was flabbergasted.
When he had his beginner's lessons with his tutor, the tutor had not allowed him to brew anything before he had thoroughly hammered into his mind all the basics of potion brewing.
This included things like the importance of clean equipment, the need to chop ingredients in fine and uniform pieces, the need to measure things in precise amounts, the importance of following steps in brewing.
And here Snape was just pushing them into brewing without telling them anything.
He raised his hand and Snape asked him, "What is the problem, Potter-Black?"
"Professor, many of the students are muggle-born who have never even heard of potions and even a few purebloods have not been taught the basics of the art of potion making.
How you can expect us to brew a perfect potion without imparting to us the basics eludes me".
Snape looked like he was ready to breathe fire and gritted his teeth, "Are you teaching the class or me?
If you think you know so well then why don't you instruct the class in potion brewing?
That is one more point from Gryffindor for your cheek.
You are like your father, an arrogant rule-breaker who thought the world was beneath him".
Harry's blood boiled at the insults made about his father.
He seriously considered going to the front of the class and giving the students in the fundamentals of potion brewing.
He knew he could do a better job than this bullying, slimy git.
But before he could say anything, Neville kicked him beneath the table and gestured for him to keep quiet.
Harry knew that bantering with Snape was useless because it would just lead to more lost points and quite likely detention.
He would have to go to Dumbledore.
As the students worked on potions, Snape prowled the Dungeon.
Harry was sitting with Ron and Neville on either side of him and had no problem working on the easy potion which he had perfected at the age of eight.
After he was done, he kept instructing his friends under his breath and saved them from making mistakes.
Neville was going to add Porcupine Quills before taking the cauldron off the fire and Harry kicked him under the table hissing, "Oi mate!
Are you an idiot?
If you add porcupine quills now, your cauldron will melt down instantly with an explosion.
Take it off of the fire first".
Neville gave him a sheepish grin and took the cauldron off the fire before he added the porcupine quills.
After they were done, he bottled two samples of his potion and slipped one into his robes while he labelled the other and handled it to Snape who begrudgingly accepted it.
Hagrid's hut Harry arrived at Hagrid's hut with Neville and Ron in tow.
Neville because he was there when Harry had sent his acceptance and they were inseparable.
Ron because he had taken to following Harry wherever he went.
As Harry neared the gamekeeper's hut, Hagrid saw him and said in his booming voice, 'Harry, yeh came!
Welcome".
Harry followed Hagrid into the hut with his friends close behind.
Inside was a massive boar-hound, black like the night and very docile.
Hagrid introduced him, "This is Fang.
Looks frightening but won't hurt a fly".
The boarhound put his massive head in Harry's lap and sat down contentedly.
Harry introduced the other two, "These are my friends- Neville Longbottom and Ron Weasley".
Hagrid warmly greeted them.
He said to Neville, "So, you are Frank and Alice's kid!
They were extremely popular in their day and good friends of mine.
Many times helped me to catch the marauders in their pranks".
To Ronald he said, "I spent half my life chasing your twin brothers out of the forbidden forest.
Hope you do not take after them".
As he served them tea and rock cakes, he said to Harry, "Harry, I needed to say something to yeh.
That day I was the one to pick you from the ruins of the cottage.
Your parents were good friends of me.
Head boy and Head Girl in their time and brilliant wizard and witch.
I went on Dumbledore's orders to pick you up and met Sirius Black who wanted to take you.
I was under orders to bring you to yer uncle and aunt.
Later I heard that Sirius was arrested and I believed that he had betrayed yer parents.
I am ashamed to confess how wrong I was".
Harry listened to his apology and realized that perhaps more people would apologize once the news of Sirius's innocence came out.
He noticed a copy of today's Daily prophet lying on the table in Hagrid's cabin and a piece of news caught his attention.
The news was about a theft from a vault at Gringotts or rather an attempt at theft.
The spokes-goblin claimed that the said vault had been emptied earlier that day.
He knew from his own experience how secure a Gringotts vault was.
To break into one and escape unscathed was no ordinary feat.
Neville who was also looking at the news mused, "It must have been a wizard adept at dark magic to break into the vault and escape.
I wonder what was so important that they would risk their lives".
Ron speculated, "Perhaps Mountains of gold or some rare and powerful artefact".
Harry asked Hagrid, "What do you think it might be Hagrid?"
"It must have been something important to be kept there.
However you lot does not need to worry about it.
It has been long since removed and..." he clamped his mouth shut and muttered under his breath, "should not have said that... should not have said that..." After that Harry and others tried to make him speak but the grounds keeper did not tell them anything more.
One thing however was clear.
Whatever had been in the vault at Gringotts had been moved and now was being kept in a location which was safer than that.
It was something worth pondering but not pursuing.
As they returned from Hagrid's, Harry had some time on his hands before he went to speak to Wood on the Quidditch pitch.
He took the path to Dumbledore's office and hoping that the password was the same, he said to the Gargoyle, "Lemon Drops".
The gargoyle leapt aside and he took the revolving staircase to the Headmaster's office.
As he reached the door and was about to knock on it, a soft "Enter" was heard and the door opened inwards.
"Harry!"
Dumbledore beamed at him.
"Come in, my boy.
I was about to send for you".
"Me?
Has something happened Headmaster?"
Dumbledore's eyes were twinkling, "Nothing as such.
Lord Black has just sent me a letter asking me to give you leave for tomorrow to go to the Wizengamot to watch the trial of Sirius Black.
I told him that I will be bringing you with me to the Wizengamot.
Is that acceptable?"
"Of course Professor" Harry replied smiling, "However that is not the reason that I am here".
"Then what brings you here, my boy?"
"Headmaster, today I had my first class in Potions with Professor Snape, who loathes me.
I know something of his history with my father.
But that is no excuse for venting his old grudges on me.
He attempted to embarrass me by asking me questions about things that are not taught until 2nd year at least.
Then, even though I answered his questions correctly, he docked points from Gryffindor "for cheek" he said.
A couple of points off my house would not be a big deal and I would not have bothered you for such a trivial matter.
What really concerns me is that he set us to brew potions without bothering to teach the basics.
When I pointed this out, he deducted another point.
I had to intervene a few times to prevent explosions".
"Those are very grave charges, Harry.
Would you allow me to see the memory of the class?"
"Gladly Professor" he said and putting his wand to his temple, he pulled out a glittering silver thread which Dumbledore took from him and deposited in the Pensieve.
He entered to watch the memory and emerged 10 minutes later looking angry.
He took a few deep breaths to calm himself before he addressed Harry again, "Harry, I am sorry that you had to face this.
I return the points deducted by him and give you 10 points for the correct answers.
Rest assured that I will address this.
Also, please present yourself at my office at 9:30 in the morning so that we can go to the trial".
Quidditch Pitch Harry met Oliver Wood at the Quidditch pitch after dinner.
Oliver arrived after 20 minutes lugging a crate which he placed on the ground and kicked open.
Inside were the four balls used in Quidditch.
First, he held up a red ball, about the size of a muggle foot-ball, saying, "This is the Quaffle.
There are three chasers on each team.
It is their job to put this ball through the other team's goal hoops", he finished, gesturing at the three golden hoops which resembled muggle bubble blowing wands, about 50 feet high at one end of the pitch.
"Each time they manage it, they earn ten points for their team.
The keeper's job is to stop them from doing that".
Wood placed the red ball back in the crate.
Then he handed Harry a bat which resembled a muggle cricket bat, but scaled down a bit.
He gestured at two black balls that seemed to be struggling to get free of their restraints in the crate.
They were slightly smaller than the red Quaffle.
He said, "Those are Bludgers.
It's their job to knock as many players off their brooms as they can.
Each team has two beaters.
They use bats like the one I just handed you to knock the Bludgers away from their own players and towards the players on the other team.
I want you to stand back a few paces and stand ready with that bat.
I'm going to release one of these so that you can see what it does".
Harry stepped back a few paces and brandished the bat in both hands.
When Wood saw that he was ready, he released one of the black balls.
With a snarl and a whoosh, the ball made straight for Harry's face with a speed that surely would have meant a visit to Madame Pomphrey.
Harry smacked the ball with the bat and sent it sailing out over the Quidditch pitch.
Wood whistled, "You might make a fine beater..." It looped around of its own accord and made for Wood.
He tackled the ball as it came to him and he wrestled it back into the crate.
"Nasty they are!
", said Wood between gritted teeth as he fastened the black ball beside its twin in the crate.
"Have you got it so far, Harry?"
Harry asked, "Has anyone ever been killed by one of those things?"
Wood said, "There have been injuries.
I think a broken jaw was the worst of it.
But, nobody at Hogwarts has been killed by a Bludger yet."
Harry said, "OK, the red one is the quaffle.
Chasers try to get it in the goal.
Keepers try to stop that from happening.
The black ones are bludgers.
They move by themselves and try to knock people off their brooms.
The beaters try to bat them away from their team and towards the other team".
"Perfect" said Wood.
Then he pulled on a pair of gloves and took the fourth ball out of the crate, holding the golden ball, slightly larger than a wallnut tightly as its silver wings struggled to take flight, "And for you, my friend, this is the Golden Snitch.
It will be your job as seeker to find and capture this ball.
When the Snitch is captured, the game is over and the seeker who catches it wins 150 points for their team, which means that the seeker who catches it almost always wins the game for their team.
This is also why the seeker is the most often fowled player.
If they can take the seeker out and the team has no back-up, they can be pretty sure of winning the game.
Wood asked him, "Have you ever seen a Quidditch match, Harry?"
Harry responded enthusiastically, "I've been to a few championship games.
I even got to watch Canada versus Scotland at the World Cup last summer.
I was rooting for Scotland and they did really well, but the Scottish Seeker missed his catch by millimeters and the Canadian Seeker got the Snitch and it was all over for Scotland".
Oliver Wood was visibly impressed with Harry's knowledge.
He loaned his broom (a Comet 10) to Harry to fly around and show his prowess at flying.
Harry was a prodigious flyer and impressed him with his speed and skill.
Oliver dismissed him with instructions to meet up next week for team practice and to get his own broom to the school.
Headmaster's office It was early Saturday morning.
Dumbledore was in his office working on some reports before he was scheduled to go to the Wizengamot when he heard the floo roaring and spotted Remus's head in the fire.
"Headmaster may I come aboard?"
Dumbledore nodded, "Of course my boy".
As Remus came into the office, he dusted the soot off his clothes and took a seat on the other side of the table.
The old wizard was watching him expectantly with his eyes twinkling softly, "What brings you here, Remus?"
"Headmaster, I am here to escort Harry to the trial today".
Dumbledore arched an eye-brow, "I do not get it.
What is your connection to Lord?"
His words trailed off as he made the connection which had been missing.
The way Harry had hugged the werewolf, the way he had come with Lord Black to his office, the way he had got hold of the picture so easily all made sense to him now.
Remus Lupin was the one who had removed Harry from the muggle home all those years ago.
This also explained why he was not able to locate the werewolf since then.
Not that he had tried too hard to find him because he did not even suspect that Remus might have been linked with Harry's disappearance.
Remus was smirking.
"I see you have made the connection finally, headmaster.
After that fateful night, I stopped venturing out.
I fell off the deep end, finding solace in fire whiskey and doing hand to mouth jobs.
One day, an elf found me, captured me and took me to Lord Black.
He talked with me, made me feel ashamed of myself for neglecting the one who was really my responsibility.
He offered me a job, an unlimited supply of wolfsbane and a chance to raise Harry as heir of House Black.
That was the best offer that I could get and I took it.
I was appalled when I learned that you had sent Harry to live with Petunia.
She hated Lily with every fiber of her being and abhorred magic.
Did not someone tell you this all those years ago?
I wanted to find you and give you an earful but I had to find Harry.
When I found him, he was filthy, his face was bruised and swollen from a recent slap and he was covered in grime.
I could not leave him there in all honesty".
Dumbledore took a deep breath before he started saying, "First I want to apologize to you, my boy.
I never sought to keep track of you after the war.
As the war was declared over, we all started to rebuild and have some semblance of normalcy among ourselves that I forgot that you had suffered the worst with losing all your friends in one stroke.
I had to keep Harry with them because I did not have access to James and Lily's will.
There was no better protection than the blood wards that I could manage.
I had not expected her to show no empathy towards Harry who was her sister's son.
I had hoped that he would find happiness there and grow up to be a fine young man.
After you removed him from there, I was alerted about his disappearance by Arabella Figg who lives down the lane and when they said that they did not know anything about his disappearance, I performed Legilimency on them and what I saw horrified me.
Sufficient to say that they have paid for their errors since then.
Now I was about to summon Harry to go to the Ministry.
Would you like some breakfast before we go?"
Remus nodded and Dumbledore called the chief elf to bring breakfast for two and to send a missive to Professor McGonagall to send Hadrian Potter-Black up to his office after he had his breakfast.
After a big and hearty breakfast, Professor McGonagall asked Harry to report to the office of the Headmaster who wished to talk about something with him.
His friends fretted a little but he assured them that he would be okay and whispered to Neville to let Daphne know that he was going to the Ministry.
He entered the Headmaster's office to find Remus Lupin there sitting in a chair opposite Dumbledore.
He ran to him and engulfed him in his arms, laughing.
Dumbledore chuckled at the display, gladdened that Harry had been removed from the Dursleys because he was still appalled by the way they had treated Harry.
They had been prosecuted and sentenced to 5 years of Imprisonment for child abuse.
Vernon's son Dudley had been sent to his sister Marge to foster.
Dumbledore informed the judge, who was a squib, that Harry had been removed and placed with a wizarding family where he would be cared for properly and raised as a wizard.
As Harry settled down from his enthusiasm, he asked Remus, "What are you doing here Moony?"
"Lord Black wanted me to come personally and escort you to the hearing.
He says that since it is a Saturday, you can stay at the townhouse today and tomorrow and visit Sirius in St. Mungo's and get to know him a little.
Since Sirius has been brought to St. Mungo's, he has been impatient to see you and even tried to fight with the healers to get them to release him".
Harry turned to the Headmaster, "Am I allowed to leave the school for the weekend, Headmaster?"
"Of course my boy.
I would not deny you this small happiness.
You will return to the school Monday morning though with a one-time floo connection to the Deputy Head Mistress's office".
Harry asked Remus, "How are we going to the Wizengamot?"
It was Dumbledore who replied, "You are going to floo from here to the Chief Warlock's chambers in the Wizengamot.
From there, Remus will escort you to the spectator stands.
After the trial is over, you will be allowed to go with Lord Black".
He threw a pinch of floo powder in the fireplace and called, "Ministry of Magic, Chief Warlock's office".
Harry followed him with Remus bringing up the rear.
Harry had trouble travelling by Floo when he was little and more often than not, he had ended up on his face before Lord Black had taken pity on him and told him the trick behind magical travel.
Since then, he had a lot of experience and now could make a dignified exit out of a fire place.
Ministry of Magic The chamber of the Chief Warlock was tastefully decorated with a big table in the middle of the room covered with books, quills and parchments.
There were seats surrounding the table.
Harry and Remus took seats at the other side of the table waiting for the time to go down to the Wizengamot.
The walls of the room were covered with portraits of previous Chief Warlocks or wizards of prominence and at the moment, they all seemed to be sleeping in their portraits but for all Harry knew, they could be feigning sleep.
Amelia Bones entered after sometime and when she saw Harry, she breathed a sigh of relief.
"Oh good, you are here.
I have kept the purpose of today's emergency session away from Fudge because he could have caused some mischief.
But, this morning I had to brief him as is the norm and he has been trying to delay or postpone the meeting anyway he can.
No doubt, Malfoy is pulling his strings.
If you do not mind, Mr. Potter-Black, would you please address the Wizengamot and request that this trial happens?"
Harry gave her a formal bow and gave her a smirk, "Of course, Madam Bones.
I sure can be the helpless innocent child with an impassioned plea to see justice being done at last so that he can have some semblance of peace about the death of his parents.
Would that help?"
She returned his smirk with one of her own, "If you will pull it off as beautifully as you just demonstrated, I have no doubt that the Wizengamot will be eating out of your hand in no time".
Soon it was time and Remus led him to the spectator stand before the first of the Lords started trickling in.
He took a seat in the front row and waited as seats around them filled.
Remus sat by his side and they kept themselves aloof of everyone around them with their attention on the trial to come.
At 10:00 Dumbledore rapped his gavel and boomed, "Close the doors".
The massive doors to the Wizengamot swung shut and he started again, "Welcome to the emergency session of the Wizengamot for the month of September in the year 1991.
Madam Bones has called this meeting to discuss a subject of importance which merits to be decided lest we allow injustice to prevail.
Madam Bones, the floor is yours".
Amelia Bones rose from her seat and started addressing the Wizengamot, "Lords and Ladies, ten years ago after the war ended, the war tribunal was constituted to deal with war criminals.
One law abiding wizard had been arrested and sent to Azkaban directly without any trial in gross violation of the principles of justice.
Before his incarceration, the gravest charge against him was brawling in the Three Broom Sticks inn after getting drunk.
I am talking about Sirius Orion Black who was the heir of Black at that time".
She produced a stack of parchments which she banished towards Dumbledore, "Chief Warlock, these are copies of the record of incarceration of Sirius Black who was directly sent to prison in violation of the principles of justice.
He was not given a trial but sent to Azkaban directly on the orders of the War Tribunal".
Dumbledore distributed the copies to the gathered Lords and ladies and the department heads.
One of these was Barty Crouch Senior who was head of the Department of International Magical Co-operation and had headed the DMLE during the last war.
he along with the Minister and the Head of Aurors had signed the orders to take Sirius to Azkaban.
As the members of the Wizengamot were reading the parchments distributed to them, Fudge stood, "I object to this.
Sirius Black was the secret keeper of the Potters and killed Peter Pettigrew with those muggles.
This trial is a farce of justice and a waste of our time".
Dumbledore turned to him, "Minister Fudge, if you will keep your peace for a few minutes, I am sure we can find out what new evidence has come to light and determine his guilt accordingly".
Fudge, who looked like he was not going to hear anything contrary to his views, ranted, "No.
I will not allow this farce to continue.
The time of the Wizengamot is too valuable to be wasted like this".
It was then that Harry understood he needed to stand and present his plea to the Wizengamot to effectively shut down the minister.
As chief Warlock and chairman of the Wizengamot, Dumbledore could have ruled Fudge out of order and ended his tirade immediately, but, Such a thing was not typically done to the Minister and it was time to employ more subtle means.
Fudge would be dealt with later.
For now, it was time to get attention to the trial.
He stood and faced Dumbledore, "Chief Warlock, if it pleases these august chambers, may I address this gathering as a relative of the people killed allegedly due to betrayal of the person concerned?".
Fudge sneered, "And who might you be?"
Harry gave him a hesitant smile as if he was intimidated by the setting of the Wizengamot, "I am Hadrian James Potter-Black, Heir of Potter and Black".
Lucius Malfoy immediately stood up, "How dare you claim the title of the heir of Black?"
"Shut up, you overgrown fool," a harsh voice growled from somewhere among the gathered Lords and everyone turned to find Lord Arcturus Orion Black sitting in the seat for House Black.
He growled at Lucius, "Hadrian Potter- Black is the heir of The House of Black as recognized by the Lord and the family magic".
Lucius bowed to him, "Lord Black, where have you been?
We were concerned with your well-being for the past decade and are delighted to see you among us again".
Arcturus barked, "Keep your slimy tongue behind your teeth, you slimy fool.
I know of you and your likes.
I am not fooled by you".
He turned to Dumbledore, "Chief Warlock, who has been acting as Regent of House Black all these years?"
Dumbledore smiled.
"Lord Lucius Malfoy was appointed the Regent of House Black by the minister in 1982".
Arcturus turned to Fudge, "You overgrown monkey, how dare you usurp the rights of the Ancient and Most Noble Houses?
Who gave you the authority to act in my stead and appoint a regent for my house?
I will have your head for this for contravention of the ancient laws.
No Malfoy will ever become a head of House for the House of Black".
Fudge was shaking in his boots.
The secret that they had kept all these years was out now and the way the lords and ladies were glaring at him, he was surprised that he did not die from their glare.
Harry who was watching the spectacle unfold whispered to Remus, "Moony, who has been acting as Regent for House Potter since the death of my father?"
"I have had the opportunity to ask around since I have returned and it came to my knowledge that Elphias Doge who is a good friend to Dumbledore was appointed as regent and has been performing those duties.
I met him a few days ago and he will happily give up the seat to your regent".
Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Lord Black, the matter of the minister usurping the rights of your house can be dealt with in another sitting however we should focus on the matters at hand.
Hadrian Potter-Black has asked our leave to address these chambers.
Do you all agree?"
Almost everyone's wand tip lighted Green meaning they all assented to hear him out.
They all wanted to see for themselves if there was something special about the boy-who-lived or his talents were exaggerated.
Dumbledore turned to Harry, "Mr. Potter-Black, you may address the chamber.
You have 5 minutes".
"Thank you, Chief Warlock,' Harry bowed to Dumbledore and turned to the Wizengamot in general.
He adopted the most innocent look he could manage, his face creased with lines of fear, hesitation and his eyes showing concern.
"Dear Lords and Ladies.
I know that it is unusual for me to speak before you all who are more experienced, learned and have knowledge of the nuances and niceties of these august chambers and the procedures connected with them.
Circumstances require me to make this request before your eminent personalities.
As everyone knows, I am the son of James and Lily Potter.
The man who is supposed to be put on trial today was charged with betraying them to the wizard known as Voldemort (almost everyone shuddered or gasped or yelped).
I know that the man on trial today was incarcerated on those charges but after what Madam Bones has said, I must know if an innocent person has been languishing in Azkaban while the real culprit has roamed free."
"I implore you all respected Lords and Ladies to hear the evidence and ensure that justice is not only done but that it is seen to be done by this august body.
If we stifle the process of justice in these chambers, how can we expect that justice will be served anywhere else?
I implore you all in the name of my dearly departed parents to let us hear the evidence presented by Madam Bones and determine the guilt of the real culprit.
I do not ask for anything for myself but for the sake of my parents who I am sure had their hopes pinned upon this body to ensure that justice was meted out on their behalf and their deaths were not in vain.
As a victim of the crimes perpetrated on that fateful Halloween, I demand justice from this body which was set up by the Wizards Council to keep our society running".
As the address came close to the end, Harry looked ready to cry with his eyes brimming with tears and his voice hoarse as if he was barely able to control his emotions.
Remus of course knew of this act.
Harry had pulled the same routine with him and Lord Black many times over the years and got his way with them.
There was no way that the gathered Lords and Ladies would not be moved by his plea.
Harry finished well before the appointed time limit and sat down after giving a bow.
His impassioned plea had moved a lot of wizards and witches.
It was true that none of them had thought of Halloween as the day when James and Lily Potter had died to ensure that the wizarding world survived.
They celebrated that day as the downfall of You-know-who and perhaps none of them had spent a moment to mourn for two of their heroes who, if they had lived to see this day, would have contributed for the betterment of their society.
Today, their son was standing before them and asking justice for him and some sense of peace for those who had sacrificed themselves for the good of many.
In fact, what he was asking was nothing more than what they were obliged to do anyway.
Lord Macmillan stood, "Chief Warlock, as it has been proved from the inspection of the documents distributed to us that Sirius Black had not been given a trial and was illegally incarcerated in Azkaban violating his rights as a member of an Ancient and Most Noble House therefore I on behalf of the Ancient and Most Noble Houses invoke our privilege to have this trial so that the truth may come out at last".
Many of the assembled people gasped in shock.
Privilege of Ancient and Most Noble Houses was never invoked by the houses anymore because they always got their way.
It basically meant that they were beyond reproach of the general wizarding world while they were exercising the privilege.
While many of the heads of House of the new families or the minor houses were miffed at Lord Macmillan's proclamation, they also felt that after the impassioned plea for justice by Hadrian Potter-Black it was the most effective way to cast aside the minister and have the trial anyhow.
Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Lord Macmillan has invoked the privilege of the Houses which does not need to be put to a vote as has been decreed by the Wizards Council therefore the rest of this session shall be conducted under the said privilege".
He turned to Lord Macmillan, "What do you propose as the objective of this session, Lord Macmillan?
Please keep in mind that you cannot sit in judgment upon someone's innocence or culpability under the privilege".
"Chief Warlock, as the Minister has attempted to prevent this trial from happening, this privilege has been invoked to investigate the matter of the innocence or guilt of one Sirius Black.
Once we have heard the evidence or witnesses that Madam Bones has brought before us, we will defer the matter of deciding his fate to the entire Wizengamot".
Dumbledore nodded.
"Very well.
Madam Bones will present her evidence and witnesses if any to prove Sirius Black's innocence or guilt.
Madam Bones, the floor is yours".
Amelia stood and faced the entire Wizengamot, "Lords and Ladies three days ago, Mr. Remus Lupin arrived at my manor claiming that Sirius Black was innocent and Peter Pettigrew, whom we all believed to be a hero, had betrayed the Potters to you-know-who.
Mr. Lupin had a photograph with him.
It showed three boys and a rat with a toe missing from its right forpaw.
It is to be remembered that the most we found of Peter Pettigrew was his finger which looked like it had been severed with a severing charm rather than separated as a result of an explosion.
Mr. Lupin also confided in me that Peter Pettigrew was an illegal animagus and gave me a memory to that effect.
It showed Peter Pettigrew transforming into a rat and running around.
After consulting Detective Daily who works for the DMLE and a couple of aurors, I made certain that the said rat in the picture was indeed Peter Pettigrew who is an illegal animagus.
I took my hand-picked crew and apprehended the fugitive who had been hiding in his rat form in Gryffindor Tower at Hogwarts.
In the presence of no less than 10 adult wizards and witches and a number of students, Professor McGonagall Made a positive identification of the said illegal animagus as Peter Pettigrew.
She was his teacher and head of house during his time at Hogwarts and she knew him well".
She motioned for an Auror who brought the solicitor's Pensieve into the Wizengamot chamber and with a tap of her wand the scene from the Pensieve was being projected onto the wall in front of them.
The first memory showed Peter Pettigrew transforming and running around on all fours (She had made a copy of Remus's memory with his permission).
She sent copies of the photo in which Remus had spotted him (with the faces of the students blacked out, of course).
After the Lords and Ladies had seen the memories and the photo, she showed them the memory of the Gryffindor Common Room where Professor McGonagall had forced him to return to his form.
With that there was no doubt left that Peter Pettigrew was alive.
It was time to strike while the iron was hot.
She motioned to one Auror and he went out of the chamber.
He returned a minute later with Kingsley Shacklebolt and Hestia Jones with Pettigrew between them who was bound in magic restraining shackles.
They sat him in the chair for the accused where chains sprang out of the arms and bound him by his arms, legs and torso.
Amelia turned to the Wizengamot, "This is the infamous Peter Pettigrew who betrayed the Potters and a lot of upstanding members of our society who dared to fight against you-know-who.
He is the reason of many deaths that happened during the war".
She turned to Dumbledore, "Chief Warlock, I seek your permission to dose him with Veritaserum so that we can know the gravity of his crimes".
"You are allowed to administer the Veritaserum to him, Madam Bones.".
She produced a vial from her robes and dropped three drops into his mouth.
A few seconds later, his eyes rolled into his head.
Amelia: What is your name?
Peter: "Peter Almeidus Pettigrew."
Amelia asked, "Are you a death eater?"
Peter responded, "Yes."
She asked, "Was Sirius Black a death-eater?"
He answered, "No."
Amelia asked, "Who betrayed the Potters, Lilly, James and Harry?"
Peter answered, "I did."
Amelia asked, "How did you end up being their secret keeper?"
Peter explained, "James and Sirius suspected that there was a spy of the Dark lord in the Order.
They did not trust anyone with their security.
I planted suspicions in their minds regarding the loyalty of Remus Lupin and so they kept him out of their plan.
Lord Charlus Potter had performed the Fidelius on the cottage and they made me the secret keeper.
They let everyone believe that Sirius was their secret-keeper.
They thought it was the perfect deception.
They could not have known that I, a talentless thing was the very spy they feared.
I gave their secret to the Dark Lord".
Amelia asked, "Who else did you betray to the Dark Lord?"
Peter listed them off, "The Prewett twins, Dorcas Meadows, Caradoc Dearborn, Edgar and Ellie Bones, the McKinnons".
It looked like the Wizengamot wanted to murder him on the spot.
The names that he called were the people who were loved and respected in the community and had been upstanding members who would have contributed to the betterment of their society.
If the looks Amelia noticed were anything to go by, Peter Pettigrew was heading for the Dementor's Kiss by the end of the day.
However Amelia was not done by a long shot and had other questions as well to establish Sirius's innocence beyond doubt.
Amelia asked, "What happened that night when the 12 muggles were killed?"
Peter answered, "Sirius had been tracking me for the last three days.
When he cornered me at last, on a muggle street, I started shouting as if he had betrayed James and Lily.
Then I cast the bombarda behind my back and escaped as a rat into the sewers through the hole I created.
I did not mean for the muggles to die.
They were just standing too close when I fired off the spell.
I wandered for a few days before I reached Ottery St. Catchpole where a read-head boy adopted me as his pet".
After the question and answer session was over, she administer the antidote to him and then turned to the Wizengamot, "Now I would like to ask the permission of this august body to bring in Sirius Black and to question him under Veritaserum".
Everyone knew this was hardly required but Amelia was nothing if not effective and thorough.
As Dumbledore acquiesced, she motioned for two Aurors who brought in Sirius Black who looked weak, emaciated as if the flesh from his body was gone.
It was clear that once he had been a very handsome man but the handsomeness was gone.
The glint in his eyes and the liveliness of his face was gone replaced by two orbs which looked devoid of emotions.
Amelia addressed him, "Sirius Black, you have been called here to be questioned about the events that happened on that fateful Halloween and later with those unfortunate muggles".
He opened his mouth and spoke hoarsely as if he was not used to talking much, "My pleasure.
The ministry remembered after 10 years that I am yet to receive my trial".
His complaint was genuine and so despite the edge in his voice, nobody protested.
Amelia administered the Veritaserum to him and as he showed the telltale signs of being under the influence, she started asking questions, "What is your name?"
He answered, "Sirius Orion Black".
She asked, "Are you now or were you ever a death eater?"
He answered, "No".
She asked, "Did you betray the Potters to you-know-who?"
Sirius said, "I would have died before I betrayed them and joined that pretender who was nothing more than a murderer and a terrorist".
She asked, "On the night when the 12 muggles died, it has been reported that you were reported to have said, 'My fault James... my fault Lily...' Would you please explain why you said that?"
Sirius took some moments to answer.
The pain was evident in his eyes as tears had started to fall freely.
When he spoke, his voice was raspy, "James wanted me to become the secret keeper and go into hiding in the cottage at Godric's Hollow with them.
That way, nobody could find either of us and we would have been safe however I had heard reports of a spy among us and the distortions and lies of Peter Pettigrew made us wary of everyone.
I suggested a change of plan which James accepted and we made Peter the secret-keeper of their cottage.
If I had not suggested the change, they would have been alive to this day.
It was my fault".
Amelia asked, "Are you an illegal animagus, Mr.
Black?"
Sirius answered, "We became animagi while we were students at Hogwarts.
James Peter and I have never registered ourselves.
By the time we thought about it, we had to go into hiding.
With James and peter supposedly dead and me in Azkaban for a crime I did not commit, I have not registered myself since then".
Amelia administered the antidote to him and then turned to the Wizengamot, "That is all, Lords and ladies.
I now place his fate in your hands".
Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Here ends the privilege of the Houses.
We all have seen and considered the evidence before us regarding the innocence of Sirius Black.
Those of you who believe Sirius Black to be innocent of all charges, please raise your wands with green tips".
More than half of the members of the Wizengamot raised their wands with the tip ignited green and Sirius Black was exonerated.
Sirius visibly sagged in relief in his chair, with his face in his hands and possibly crying.
Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Sirius Black, you have been exonerated of the charge for the murder of Peter Pettigrew and 12 muggles along with the charge of betraying the Potters to Voldemort.
The ministry will tender an unconditional apology to you for its failure to deliver justice to you and pay 1 million Galleons by way of reparations.
Articles shall be published in the Daily Prophet and other publications regarding your exoneration and to repair your lost reputation.
You are also directed to register your animagus form with the ministry within two months from today along with late James Potter's animagus form.
Such an achievement should be known and appreciated by everyone".
After he had pronounced his judgment, he turned to Pettigrew, "Peter Pettigrew, you were awarded the Order of Merlin, third class, posthumously which is stripped from you effective immediatly.
A panel of chosen members from this body shall sit to consider your punishment post-haste".
With that, he rapped his gavel and one of the elders of the Wizengamot, Tibernius Ogden stood to start nominating the members of the panel to decide the fate of Pettigrew.
After some deliberation, five wizards had been chosen which included- Lord Sayre who was a known neutral, Lord Greengrass, Dowager Lady Longbottom, Lord Fawley and Lord Shafiq.
They retired to a chamber at the side where they deliberated over the punishment for over an hour before they came out and handed a piece of parchment to Fudge who read it out aloud, "Peter Pettigrew, this august body through the chosen panel has deliberated over the gravity of your crimes and befitting punishment.
While your crimes have been numerous and caused irreparable damage to society which merits nothing less than the Dementor's kiss but that punishment pales in comparison to the gravity of your crimes.
Therefore, you are sentenced to execution through the veil at 5:00 this evening in the presence of the Chief Warlock, the Minister of Magic and the head of the DMLE".
The members of the Wizengamot were shocked.
No one had been executed through the veil in decades because it was considered barbaric.
To send someone through the veil meant erasing every trace of their existence without even leaving behind a body however many felt that it was just.
A/N- Hi, guys.
I guess it has been too long that the last chapter was published and I think you all are famished for more.
Here is the next chapter and I hope it will satiate your thirst and at the same time make you yearn for more.
I received such profound reviews for the last chapters that I feel it would be injustice if I did not answer to each one of you.
So let's do it: ObsessedwithHPFanFic: Thank you for the review.
Your reviews are always pleasant.
Hypergym: thank you for the detailed review that you gave to the last chapter and I know you are yearning to know how the story will turn but that is something that everyone is waiting for.
So, why not you wait with them?
it will be worth it, I promise.
Anarion: thank you.
You are one of those I can always count upon to review my story.
Shunshu: Thank you.
I hope you will like it as the story progresses.
Mizrazz- Thanks mate.
We will see how much Draco can get to.
Marilyn: Your review made my day.
Such appreciation.
Bill Brink: I cannot tell you how much pleased I am with you reviews.
It is only when readers read a story and appreciates it so thoroughly that we can understand what we mean to them.
I am looking forward to more reviews in future.
THANK YOU HYPERGYM FOR THE EDITSWizengamot The session was adjourned soon after Sirius Black was declared innocent and Peter Pettigrew had been carried away in chains.
Two healers appeared and took Sirius away before Harry could reach him.
He turned to Moony to ask for an explanation, who just shrugged, "Lord Black wanted him to be back in the hospital as soon as the trial was over.
Besides he is not medically fit to meet you right now.
His sanity was the most affected and the Healers feel that too much emotional stress may prove dangerous to him therefore we cannot meet him today.
The healers are administering him some potions which are helping him.
He was not even told that you would be present at the session today.
Also, Lord Black did not want the wizarding world to see you break down in front of them and reveal how emotional you are".
Harry rolled his eyes, "He really thinks in detail about everything, doesn't he?
Ok, for this once I will abide by his rules, Moony".
Before he could say anything further, the Minister of Magic was walking briskly toward him.
He extended a hand to Harry and said warmly, "Mr. Potter-Black, it is a pleasure to meet you.
May I call you Harry?"
Harry loathed this pompous creature before him with every fibre of his being from his pinstriped cloak to the lime green bowler hat on his head.
If he had listened to Lord Black all those years ago, Sirius would have been free to raise Harry as his own.
"Minister, I would like to say that it was a pleasure to meet you but seeing how you have acted towards my guardian in the past and how you denied justice to my god-father, I cannot say so".
Fudge's smile fell a little but the consummate politician that he was, he rallied valiantly, "I had nothing to do with this debacle, Mr. Potter-Black".
"On that we can agree.
An over-grown monkey like you lack the brains to orchestrate something like this", growled Arcturus who had just come up behind him.
"Now be gone before my patience runs out with you".
Fudge spluttered and left while Lucius approached them.
He bowed deep to Arcturus, "Lord Black, we are honored to have you back.
I would like to invite you to enjoy the hospitality of Malfoy Manor this evening".
Arcturus growled, "Be gone with you too, fool and if you have made any sort of alliance in the name of House Black or touched so much as a single knut from the Black fortune, you will rue it to the last day of your life.
As to your invitation to break bread under your roof, I would rather die than step in a Malfoy household.
The only concession I give you is not banishing Narcissa from the family tree".
As Lucius was gone, Arcturus turned to Harry, "you will meet Sirius tomorrow, lad.
Today, Remus has something planned for you.
I will expect you both to return by dinner today".
With that he was gone.
Remus and Harry travelled to the atrium after Remus disguised him with some glamour charms so no one would recognize him.
They flooed to the Leaky Cauldron from the Atrium.
The inn was bursting with people as it was the peak hour of the day.
Remus hailed the barman, Tom an old man with just a couple of teeth left in his head, bald and stooping, replied with equal enthusiasm.
When Harry arched an eye-brow in a questioning look, Remus told him that the marauders had spent many a time in the inn getting drunk, chasing witches and causing mayhem.
Remus asked for a private parlor from Tom who directed them to one on the first floor.
When they were in the safety of the room with lunch spread before them, Harry asked him, "Where are we going, Moony?"
Remus said simply and sombrely, "I don't know if you will like this, Harry, but I feel that it is long past time that you go.
We could not take you there before because of security concerns and we still have to be careful.
I had a whole discussion with Lord Black about it and he grumbled a lot, but finally agreed.
Today, Harry, we are going to Godric's Hollow".
Harry did not know how to react to the news.
Over the years, he had been told that his parents were laid to rest in Godric's Hollow but had never been there.
He had once asked Lord Black to take him there but the man had refused.
At Harry's protests, he had told him of his reasons.
"Lad, there is nothing pleasant for me at that place.
Your father was my nephew and I cannot in all honesty see his grave and keep myself together.
In all these years, I have not been there because I do not have the power in my old bones to see it.
As it is, I have seen so many of my family die and had to bury them that I think I am done with it.
Another reason is that I am supposed to be living in solitude away from Wizarding Britain.
Sightings of me in the village with a child of your age would only spread rumours and make Dumbledore suspicious.
We have a long time yet to stay out of sight before we are ready for you to return to Wizarding Britain.
I cannot afford to blow our cover but I promise that when we return to Wizarding Britain I will ask Moony to take you there".
Remus nudged his shoulder bringing him into the present.
"Harry, if you do not want, we can cancel and go directly to the Townhouse".
"No, no Moony.
I want to go.
I want to see their graves and may be feel some kind of connection with them.
It is just that it is very sudden.".
He looked at Moony who was suddenly looking like he had aged years in the last few moments.
He had never realized why Moony had not visited Godric's Hollow either alone or with Harry all these years but in that moment, he understood.
Remus could not face them either.
The werewolf had lived a life of trouble devoid of friends before he arrived at Hogwarts.
His family had to live a troubled life changing residences often, covering up his transformations and everything.
When he arrived at Hogwarts, he had friends for the first time in his life.
The Marauders adopted him as one of their own, disregarded his lycanthropy as 'his furry little problem' and made him feel wanted.
They were his family and their deaths had broken him.
Harry also remembered a little tidbit of information that Lord Black had given him that Lyall Lupin was still alive and Remus had never spoken to him after graduating from Hogwarts thinking he might be a liability for his father and disturb his peaceful existence.
The last time he had met his father was when his mother had died.
Perhaps he could do something about that but it would have to wait.
It was not proper for a son to live away from his father.
Godric's Hollow After they were done with their lunch, they flooed to 'the Lost Centaur' which was an inn situated in Godric's hollow and only served wizards.
The inn was like the Leaky Cauldron but more spacious, had more tables and more people were in the inn.
The barman was a young man who had blond hair, brown eyes and was of average height.
He hailed Remus when he saw him and Remus exited with Harry after sending a greeting to him in reply.
The village was beautiful with its wide roads and the houses which looked like they were made in the Victorian era.
Not far from where they had exited the inn, was a church.
Across from the church was the graveyard where Remus was leading him.
As they arrived at the graveyard, Remus tapped the gates with his wand which was half concealed in his sleeve and the gate opened soundlessly.
When Harry arched his eye-brow questioningly at him, he explained, "This graveyard is visible to everyone from outside and most of the muggles see it is a muggle graveyard however wizards have been buried here since time immemorial.
Except for the old families which have their own crypts or family mausoleum now, wizards are still buried this way".
He led him by the arm to a grave situated at the far end of the graveyard where the graves looked more recent.
His parent's grave was in the last row.
The gravestone was white marble and Harry thought that it would have shone in the dark.
They had a single headstone for both of them which made Harry think that perhaps they had been buried together.
In a small way, it made sense that they were not apart even in death.
The inscription on the gravestone read: IN LOVING MEMORY OF JAMES POTTER LILY POTTER Born- 27th March 1959 Born- 30th January 1959 DATE OF DEATH- 31st October 1981.
There was a message engraved at the base of the gravestone, "The last enemy that shall be defeated is death".
Harry thought that the message was perhaps somebody's sick idea of a joke.
Who had ruined their graves?
When he asked Remus, he told Harry, "No Harry.
This is the Potter family motto.
They inherited it from the Peverells.
No one who is a death eater or has hostile intentions of befouling any of these graves can enter this place due to an enchantment placed and regularly updated by the Ministry of Magic".
Harry sat near the grave looking at the gravestone and thinking of his parents.
He had never met them in his life and did not remember anything about them.
He loved them without a doubt but there was nothing to remember them by.
He started rumbling, "Hey Mom and Dad, I know I am late coming here after all these years but I had my reasons.
Lord Black did not want me to come for my own safety.
Sirius was in Azkaban all these years so he could not bring me either.
Moony had to look after me and raise me as per your wishes in secret.
I want to tell you that I love you both.
I wish that I had some memories of my own about you both to remember you by.
Moony did a great job in bringing me up in strict discipline, never over-indulging me but loving me as much as you would have loved me..." By that time, Harry's voice had started to choke up and he could say no more.
Remus hugged him tight comforting him.
It was when Harry felt his own shoulder getting drenched that he realized that Remus must be weeping too.
The werewolf was trying to control his emotions as Harry guessed from the sobs which he heard now and then.
They kept consoling each other for sometime before Remus managed to extricate himself from Harry's embrace.
After sometime passed, Remus conjured Lilies for Harry to lay on the graves.
After they were done, Harry whispered, "I promise I will live my life to the fullest, take care of Padfoot and Moony and if Voldemort returns to life, I will kill him.
I will come back soon with Padfoot who has been exonerated today".
With that they started walking out of the graveyard and Harry noticed many of the gravestones had names he recognized from Hogwarts- Abbott, Stevenson, Booth, Parkes.
He spotted a very old grave that had been weathered down during the ages.
The stone looked very old and the name was starting to fade and Harry could barely make it out- Ignotus Peverell.
He remembered that the Peverells were one of the ancient families of Wizarding Britain and Ignotus was the last lord before Lolanthe Peverell had married Hardwin Potter thus making him his ancestor.
There was also a symbol drawn on the gravestone which shocked him.
As far as Harry knew from reading about magical history, the symbol had belonged to Grindelwald.
What it was doing here on a grave in Godric's Hollow, he could not understand.
A few graves over from Ignotus were two more graves which looked at least a century old.
It was the names on the Gravestones which attracted his attention.
The gravestones read- Kendra Dumbledore and Arianna Dumbledore.
He did not know that Dumbledore's family had lived in Godric's Hollow.
He asked Moony about it.
"Yes, we found out about it when James and Lily came here to hide all those years ago.
I believe he still has a small cottage in the village where he comes to stay when he is not at Hogwarts".
After they exited the graveyard, Remus asked him, "Harry do you want to go see the cottage?
I confess that I don't really want to return there but I will come if you want me to".
Harry was conflicted.
On one hand, he did not want another pang of pain but on the other hand, he wanted to see the place.
At last, he decided that they might as well get it over with.
Sometime, he would have come here anyway.
They started their walk to the cottage which was on the other side of the village.
They had to cross the village square.
In the middle of the square was an obelisk engraved with names.
When Remus saw it, he frowned, "That was not here when James and Lily were living here".
Remus asked around and he was told that the monument was a war memorial commemorating those who had died for Britain in the First World War.
As they were passing the square, the memorial changed and the obelisk morphed into statues of a man in round glasses, with a mop of hair on his head.
There was a woman beside him with kind eyes, a smile on her face and flowing hair.
In her lap was a baby without a scar on his forehead.
There was a description attached which read- "This memorial has been erected here in the memory of the Potters- James and Lily and as a tribute to Harry Potter- the only wizard to have survived the killing curse and vanquished the dark wizard known as Voldemort".
Harry looked at the statue with longing, his eyes instantly watering again thinking of how happy he looked engraved in stone.
Remus softly pulled him away by his shoulders and guided him to a house at the end of a lane.
The roof of the house was gone as if blown away and Harry understood that it was where the Killing Curse had struck the roof and blasted it apart.
There was a hedge lining the property with a small gate in the middle.
Harry noticed that the muggles who were passing did not spare a glance at the ruins and he thought that it was invisible to muggles.
The hedge had grown in the past decade with the grass being waist high.
Ivy had started to creep up the walls and the doors of the cottage.
Harry stood on the threshold for sometime before he touched the gate and a golden sign sprung upwards which read: "On this spot on 31st October 1981, Lily and James Potter lost their lives.
Their son, Harry, remains the only wizard ever to have survived the killing curse.
This house, invisible to Muggles, has been left in its ruined state as a monument to the Potters and as a reminder of the violence that tore apart their family".
There were messages of gratitude from witches and wizards who had paid homage to this site and Harry was comforted with the signs of support that people had left over the years.
"Moony, I do not know why I never thought about it earlier but what happened to their things?
I mean the house would have been full of stuff".
"Yes Harry and most of the things which were in the cottage were taken by Goblins and deposited in your family vault to keep them safe for when you would come to claim your inheritance".
They stood for a long time at the gate taking in everything until they heard someone clearing their throat behind them.
Harry turned to find an elderly witch in an evening gown standing there and looking intently at Harry.
She was ancient even by Dumbledore's standards, was stooping a bit and looked very frail.
Remus respectfully bowed to her, "Madam Bagshot, it is an honour to meet you again".
She smiled kindly, "Well met, Mr. Lupin.
I believe it is almost a decade since we last met here".
Remus introduced Harry to her, "Harry this is Bathilda Bagshot, the writer of 'A History of Magic' which is the mandatory text on the History of Magic at Hogwarts".
Harry respectfully bowed before her.
She gave him a kind smile, "Mr. Potter, I have not seen you since you were a wee little lad.
Would you both come for tea, perhaps?"
Harry wanted to refuse initially but then realized that perhaps she could tell him more about his time with his parents and accepted the invitation.
She lived in a little cottage a few houses over.
The cottage was two stories high and looked homely.
On the mantel of the fireplace, were a lot of pictures and he recognized one of them distinctly.
He was a little shocked to see that picture here in this house but kept his peace.
He was not there to ask questions but on invitation.
She asked her elf to bring tea for three and when it arrived, she mixed Fire Whiskey into Remus's tea.
When he raised an eye-brow, she shrugged, "I would guess that it was not easy for you to see everything today and hold it together.
Fire whiskey, while it is not recommended, I find it helps me cope with memories".
"Mr. Potter" Bathilda started to say.
Harry cut her off, "Madam Bagshot, please call me Harry".
She smiled, "Harry it is then.
Please call me Bathilda.
I may be more than a century old but I still have not come to love formalities.
As I was saying, when your parents were living here, I used to visit them.
Both of them were young, kind and in love with each other.
He would often test her patience but she never caused a fuss over it.
They both loved you absolutely and you would be friendly to anyone who offered you a candy.
You were very attached to Sirius Black.
When even Lily could not calm you down, he had the knack of making you calm down.
James was well James.
He was different from most others of his age and often the cottage was full of his friends who would come over.
Almost everyone who was something in Albus's order came around.
Amelia Bones, Alastor Moody, Dumbledore, were some of the regulars.
That night when you-know-who killed them, I was in bed after dinner.
It was when Aurors started to arrive in large numbers and some of them woke me up that I realized what had happened.
Lily had become like a daughter to me, often inviting me to the household, cooking for both of us.
In a way we had bonded with each other.
After their deaths, you were taken away.
I was not in any position to take care of you because I was elderly even then and I was no relation to you".
"What was my childhood like?"
She smiled, "Oh you were the most naughty child that there could be and your accidental magic was powerful.
By the time that you were barely a month old, you were able to make things move around the room.
James and Lily had to bewitch everything in the house with Feather light charms so you would not hurt yourself and on top of that, they had enchanted almost everything with anti-summoning charms.
When Sirius Black bought you a toy broomstick on your first birthday, you started to zoom around the house on it, hurting yourself, scaring your parents and a couple of times you almost killed your cat".
"We had a cat?"
Remus gave a wistful smile, "I had forgotten about him after all these years.
Lily had bought a kneazle from Magical Menagerie in Diagon Alley shortly before her marriage.
She absolutely loved it.
I guess nobody tried to find it after that night".
Bathilda suddenly remembered something, "Oh, before I forget there is something that I have for you".
Harry's demeanor perked up, "You have something for me?"
She was already out of the chair and going inside the cottage.
She returned after a few moments, clutching a chest in her hands and handed it to Harry, "After the Goblins took everything to the family vault, there were a few things which they thought were not important and left here.
Albus gave them to me for safe keeping".
With shaking fingers, Harry opened the chest.
On the top of the chest were two wands.
He presumed that they belonged to his parents.
There was also a little handheld mirror and a bunch of letters along with some kid's clothes.
Harry profusely thanked her for it.
He remembered a question he had, "Bathilda, can you tell me what made my parents go into hiding?
I mean they were rich and powerful and had a manor to live in with centuries of wards.
Why would they need to hide here under the strongest protections available?
Did my mother ever discuss the topic with you?"
"I do not know Harry.
I once had asked Lily about it but she told me that it was a secret worth more than her life.
Seeing her reluctance, I dropped the topic".
Remus asked her, "Who constructed the memorial in the village square?"
She smiled, "Lord Arcturus Black had this memorial constructed a year after that Halloween.
Came into the village with wand blazing and a team of goblins and commissioned that monument saying his nephew's sacrifice deserved to be commemorated.
The ministry was initially against the idea until he proposed to pay for it".
Harry was a little astonished.
He thought that he had figured Lord Black out in the decade that he spent with him but the old wizard certainly was more Slytherin than most Harry knew at Hogwarts.
He sure could work in the shadows to achieve what he desired.
Department of Mysteries Kingsley Shacklebolt and Hestia Jones had brought Pettigrew shackled in magic-restraining cuffs to the bowels of the ministry following the Minister of Magic, the Chief Warlock and the head of DMLE.
Pettigrew had stopped trying to escape hours ago.
He had laid quietly in his cell in the Ministry waiting for his inevitable death.
He knew that all the people that he had betrayed would be waiting to have their reckoning with him in the after-life.
The chief unspeakable Croaker met them at the entrance to the department and nodded to the Minister and the Chief Warlock.
Fudge asked him, "Croaker, I trust everything is ready?"
"Yes Minister".
They carried Pettigrew in and Amelia could not resist but ask, "Mr. Croaker, what is behind the veil?"
Croaker gave her a look of incredulity, "No one really knows Madam Bones.
Some say it is the doorway to the other astral plane, others say it is related to another world altogether and some even say that it is a hellmouth.
What we know for certain is that no one has ever come back from the veil".
In the death chamber, Pettigrew was petrified by Amelia who did it gleefully taking pleasure in extracting some semblance of justice for her brother and sister-in-law.
After he was petrified, she cast the hovering charm on his clothes making him hover in the air and then banished him through the veil.
Pettigrew who had been silent till then started trying to thrash his arms like an animal being butchered but none of those present heeded his pleas.
Finally Pettigrew passed through the veil.
Pettigrew was forever beyond this world.
Black Townhouse Harry and Remus returned home sometime before dinner.
There was a copy of a special edition of the evening newspaper waiting for them.
There was a big bold headline with a picture of Sirius from his days as an Auror.
There was another smaller photograph of Peter Pettigrew in chains tied to the chair.
"SIRIUS BLACK INNOCENT -Almeidus Bartley When the Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot gathered for a full body trial this morning, no one knew that this day would reveal so many blatant acts of violation of rights, usurpation of powers, betrayal and conspiracy.
In this emergency session of the full Wizengamot for a full body trial (the first since the last war) convened at the behest of Madam Bones, she made a startling revelation that Sirius Black had never been tried for his supposed crimes but was sent to Azkaban in violation of his rights as an upstanding member of this society.
Not to mention, he was heir to the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black at the time, so it was also usurping the rights of a member of one of the oldest Houses.
As the facts came to light, the Houses were up in arms against the ministry for the wrong committed against one of their own.
Here I would like to remind our dear readers that Sirius Black had been accused of betraying the Potters to you-know-who and killing Peter Pettigrew plus 12 muggles.
(To know more about Sirius Black, turn to Page 4) Minister Fudge was adamant that this trial was a farce and tried to prevent it from happening until the boy-who-lived himself rose up to make an impassioned plea and moved the members with his words.
The boy wonder had tears in his eyes, voice cracking and his demeanor was that of a kitten before a pack of lions.
His impassioned plea moved the elite of the Wizarding World.
They granted his petition.
It also came to light during this proceeding that Lucius Malfoy was not the rightfully appointed Regent of House Black but had been arbitrarily placed there by Minister Fudge who had no authority to do so.
Lord Black, who made his first public appearance in Wizarding Britain in decades vowed revenge on Minister Fudge for usurping his rights.
(For more on House Black, see p. 10).
Lord Macmillan invoked the Privilege of Houses to compel the Wizengamot to hear the evidence.
What followed was the most startling revelation of the day.
(To know more about the Privilege, see P. 8).
Peter Pettigrew who had been hailed as a hero after his supposed death and awarded The Order of Merlin Third Class, was alive.
Madam Bones had him brought in the Court Room and had him questioned under Veritaserum.
He confessed to being the mole in the secret organization known as The Order of the Phoenix.
He passed information to you-know-who which led to the deaths of a number of notable witches and wizards including Edgar and Ellie Bones, the Prewett Twins, Dorcas Meadows and the McKinnons.
After she completed her interrogation of Pettigrew, Madam Bones brought in Sirius Black to testify.
She also examined him under the effect of Veritaserum.
He confirmed that they had made Peter Pettigrew the secret keeper to fool others.
He also confessed that he, James Potter and Peter Pettigrew had secretly become animagi in their fifth year at Hogwarts.
A select committee appointed by the Wizengamot sentenced Pettigrew to execution by passing through the veil scheduled for this evening at 5:00.
This brings us to the question, dear readers, what else is the ministry hiding?
What if there are more wizards like Sirius Black who have been sent to Azkaban without due process?
With the fact of the Minister usurping the rights of an Ancient and Most Noble House coming to light, can we expect a power shift in the Wizengamot in the coming days?
We at the Daily Prophet tender our unconditional apologies to Sirius Black for all the libel he had to endure over the years and wish him the best of luck".
There was also a little paragraph which stated every word that Harry had said before the Wizengamot today.
After Remus had read the article, he said, "They are laying it on thick.
They themselves were defaming Sirius all those years ago".
Lord Black noticed Harry was very quiet.
"What happened lad?
Why are you so quiet?"
"Grand-uncle, why did you not tell me that you had the memorial erected?"
"Because it was not something to brag about, lad.
Now tell us how the rest of your classes have been".
Harry told them everything that had happened in the classes since Pettigrew's capture including being selected for the Gryffindor Quidditch team.
When he told about Snape's behaviour in class, Arcturus was furious but quietened when Harry assured him that Dumbledore had promised to take action about it.
By the time he was done, Arcturus was beaming with pride, "I feel like I did the right thing by you all those years ago.
You have made me so proud today".
Remus was equally jubilant, "Prongs will be turning in his grave with jealousy that his son outclassed him.
And he was considered one of the finest players".
Harry remembered something, "Oh that reminds me, Remus.
Have you brought my broom from the Black Castle?"
"No, but that can be arranged and I will have it sent to you in a couple of days".
He of course was not going to tell Harry yet but he was planning to buy a Nimbus 2000 and send it to Harry.
He also was not going to share his plans with Arcturus because then the older wizard would beat him to it and send one to Harry.
By the looks that he was sending their way, Remus knew the older wizard was perhaps planning something like that.
He would have to ask him to let him have this little pleasure.
After dinner, Lord Black sent him to bed saying they had to go early to St. Mungo's to meet Sirius.
Hogwarts Minerva McGonagall was reading the paper and dabbing at the corner of her eyes with her tartan handkerchief.
James Potter was her godson and she loved him like a son and Lily had been one of her favorite students.
She had not been able to have peaceful sleep for days after they had been killed.
She had hated Sirius for betraying his friends for a decade but that day when Peter Pettigrew turned out to be alive, a lot of her perceptions had been shattered.
She was still not able to forgive herself for even harbouring the thought in the first place that Sirius could have betrayed James and Lily.
He would have died in their place to save their lives.
It also surprised her that three students had become Animagi right under her nose and she never suspected a thing.
James and Sirius were exceptionally bright but to think that their capabilities had extended far beyond what she could hope for was intriguing.
Also intriguing was Hadrian Potter-Black who had showed till now that he was a mixed bag of the best qualities of his father and mother.
True he had not yet indulged in mischief making but it was just the first week.
It was too early to tell if he was an innocent or the next generation prankster.
He also had prodigious abilities as a flier like his father.
Wood had briefed her that he was like a bird on a broom and with a Nimbus under him, he definitely would outfly anyone.
She was going to do just that- buy a Nimbus for him.
That reminded her that she was yet to inform Remus about his selection as a seeker for the Quidditch team.
Remus had sent her a letter that he was in the employ of Lord Black and Regent for House Potter therefore, she could contact him about anything related to Harry.
Remus had also given a floo address to contact if there was any emergency and anything related to Quidditch was an emergency to her.
She threw a pinch of floo powder in the fireplace and said, "Prongslet Den" (inwardly she thought it was a silly address).
A few moments later, when the floo stopped moving, Remus Lupin was sitting in a chair in front of the fire with Arcturus Orion Black.
Remus saw her head sitting in the flames and bent at the grate grinning, "Good Evening, Minnie".
She scowled, "I.
Am.
Not.
Minnie."
Remus just smirked, "Of course you are.
Or did you forget that?"
When she glared at him he raised his hands in surrender, "I apologize.
What brings you here?
Is everything alright?"
"Do you know that your nephew has become the youngest seeker in a century after being selected as Seeker for the Gryffindor Quidditch Team?
And that he achieved this feat when he caught a Remembrall after a fifty foot dive?
I swear I have never seen anyone do that and not plow into the ground".
Remus smiled, "Yes, he does remind me of James on a broom, only he is more dangerous.
He performed a Wronski Feint at the age of 8".
Minerva's eyes widened in surprise, "That is unbelievable.
However I have flooed you to inform you that he will need a racing broom".
"I know and I am planning to buy a Nimbus..." his words were cut short by McGonagall, "No, absolutely not.
I have decided that I am buying this for him".
He eyed her suspiciously, "And why would you do that?
Is that not favoritism?"
"Because he is James's son and as his great God-mother, I can buy him gifts if I want to.
And it is not favoritism because I am not doing this as Head of Gryffindor but as Minerva McGonagall".
Remus knew any protests of his would fall on deaf ears.
Minerva McGonagall was a hard to convince witch.
"Ok, you win Minnie", he said cheekily and ended their connection before she could retort.
St. Mungo's Harry woke up early in the morning and went to find Moony grumbling that the Townhouse had nowhere for him to run or do his exercises.
Remus mollified him telling him that it was just a matter of a day before he would be back at Hogwarts.
Also, he cautioned Harry that he might want to save his energy for the tiring day ahead.
After being fussed over by Moony, Harry hastened to the bathroom.
He came down 30 minutes later to find Lord Black and Moony eating breakfast.
The morning prophet was on the table, open to the story at the front page.
Peter Pettigrew executed As it was reported yesterday, Peter Pettigrew was found alive.
He was convicted of betraying the Potters as well as many prominent members of The Order of the Phoenix and the murder of 12 muggles.
The manner of his escape framed Sirius Black in the process.
For his crimes, he was sentenced to death, by passing through the veil at 5:00 PM last evening.
According to a press note released by the Ministry, at 5:00 .
.
Peter Pettigrew was carried down to the bowels of the Ministry to the Veil Chamber situated in the Department of Mysteries under the watchful eyes of the Minister of Magic, The Chief Warlock and the head of DMLE.
At 5:00 PM., he was banished through the veil at the hands of the head of the DMLE.
The ministry assures its citizens that it will look into the convictions of the prisoners at Azkaban to see that there wasn't any other miscarriage of justice.
Harry put the paper down and eyed the two men who were looking nonchalant as if they had not a care in the world.
Kreacher served him eggs and toast for breakfast with pumpkin juice which he finished quickly.
After breakfast, Lord Black started addressing him, "Harry, I know that you are eager to meet Sirius but I want to give you a word of caution before we go to St. Mungo's.
Sirius's mental state is fragile and he can get excited easily, so, please do not talk to him about something which would excite him".
Harry nodded that he understood.
As they came out of the house, Remus caught hold of Harry's hand and disappeared with Lord Black following suit.
When they appeared in a deserted alley, Harry whined, "Never again.
I will never get used to side-along apparition".
Moony guffawed, "It is either this or portkey to places where you cannot floo except by permission".
Harry looked around, "Where is the hospital exactly, Moony?"
"Not far from here lad.
Come along now", said Lord Black who had materialized beside them at that moment.
Harry started following the two men.
He could not resist asking Moony however, "Why did they build the hospital here, Moony?
Won't the Muggles notice us?"
"When we needed to have a wizarding hospital in London, the ministry looked for a suitable location but there was none available.
They were either too remote or there was not enough space even with expansion charms at work.
We could not put a hospital underground because fresh air and sunlight help with recovery.
We could not make it look like a muggle hospital.
That would have lead to complications we didn't need.
In the end, the decision was to hide it in plain sight.
Since the location is in the middle of London, there are no designated apparition points.
Most prefer to apparate somewhere in the vicinity and then travel on foot to the hospital".
When they turned the corner onto the main street, Harry looked up at the front of a building that must have been at least eight stories tall.
There was a big sign hanging from the third floor that proclaimed, "Under renovation.
Opening soon!"
By the looks of the accumulation of city grime and the fashions on the mannequins in the one window that was not boarded up, "soon" had been over 20 years ago.
Lord Black leaned toward the mannequin at the center of the window and said, "We are here to see Sirius Black".
Harry thought that he had lost his marbles until the dummy blinked and he disappeared.
Remus shut his open mouth and pushed him forward until he found himself in what he thought was the lobby of a hospital.
The lobby was bustling with activity with wizards and witches present and waiting for their turn.
A few of them were in line at the reception desk.
There were posters on the walls around them with slogans like 'a clean cauldron can keep you safe from being poisoned'.
Remus steered him past the reception desk to a private room on the second floor.
The room was as big as his room in the Black Townhouse and in the middle of the room was a bed on which laid Sirius Black being tended to by his healer.
Harry had the time to look at him properly for the first time.
He had heard from Remus how Sirius was considered one of the most handsome men and he had seen the photos too but he wanted to see for himself.
At the moment, the said Sirius Black was sleeping while the healer was working some spells on him.
"Have we come at the wrong time, Healer Meredith?"
asked Lord Black.
"No no, you have come at the right time.
I was just going to administer the wiggenweld potion to him.
As it is, he has been sleeping since we brought him back from the ministry.
Now that you are here, I want to see how it goes so that we can decide about further treatment for him".
The healer gave seats to them and then administered the potion to Sirius.
It took a few minutes before Sirius was fully awake.
He whimpered when he saw Lord Black, "Grandfather.
Are you still alive?"
Arcturus growled, "What?
Were you hoping I was dead?"
Sirius hastily said, "No, I was surprised that is all.
You did not interfere when I had to run away".
"No, I did not.
We can talk about that when you are stronger", Arcturus said in a decisive tone meaning the topic was closed for now.
Sirius's eye then wandered to Moony who sat in front of Harry, hiding him.
He jumped down from his bed and bear hugged him, "Moony, you are looking so young.
I am so glad to see you here.
I never thought that I would see you again".
Moony's voice was cracking, "I am delighted to see you again, Padfoot".
It was then Sirius noticed the little boy sitting in the chair behind Remus and his breath hitched in his throat.
He did not need to look into his emerald green eyes to know that it was his godson- the toddler whose first word was 'Pa' Foo'' rather than mother or father.
The toddler he had loved like his own son.
The son of his brother- Harry Potter.
He sat on his knees to come at eye level with Harry, "Hello Harry, do you know who I am?"
Harry gave him a grin, "you are Pa' Foo'".
The word had barely tumbled out of his mouth before Sirius was hugging him and crying in his shoulder.
Harry tried to comfort him but the older wizard refused to calm down.
Several minutes passed before Sirius let him go.
In that moment, it was like everything else had ceased to exist.
Sirius was only looking at Harry, trying to take in everything about his appearance and affix it in his mind, tears streaking down his face.
Many minutes passed and every one sat in comfortable silence until Sirius broke it.
"Harry, I am sorry that I was the reason for James and Lily's death.
They wanted me to be the secret keeper but I had suggested Peter to be the one.
He was a talentless thing so obviously no one else would have thought that he would be given such a responsibility.
He sold us all out.
If only I had become their secret keeper, your parents would have been alive to this day or I could have convinced James to let Dumbledore become the secret keeper but the rat filled us with doubts about each other".
Harry said kindly, "Sirius, it was not your fault.
Pettigrew had even fooled Dumbledore and played spy for Voldemort.
He had even made you suspect Remus who was loyal to you and my father.
My parents knew what they were fighting for and they died doing what was their duty.
I would accept that I miss them sometimes but I am proud of them to have stood for what they believed in.
I know they would be angry with you for blaming yourself for their deaths.
They died because they placed their trust in the wrong person.
You would have died for them but Pettigrew was a coward.
I forbid you from ever saying this again".
"Was?
Why are you referring to him in the past tense?"
"Because while you were lost in sleep, my idiot grandson, the traitor was sent through the veil by Amelia Bones who by her own admission was very happy to have done it", Arcturus growled.
Sirius turned to Harry, "I have a lot to talk to you about, Harry.
First tell me who raised you?
Did Alice raise you?
Second tell me if you have turned out to be the always serious (no pun) no fun bloke or a prankster carrying forward the legacy of your father and god-father?
This would be your first year at school.
What are the classes like?"
Arcturus murmured, "Looks like you will be here for a long time, Harry.
I will go now and wait for you at the Townhouse for dinner".
Arcturus left and Sirius grinned at Harry, "I am still waiting for answers, godson.
Are you going to make me beg?"
Remus laughed, "At least you retained your sense of humor".
"That I did, Moony.
I also want to apologize to you for believing that you could have gone over to Voldemort.
Will you forgive me?"
"Padfoot, that is past now.
In fact even I was hoodwinked by that traitor into believing that you had become a spy for Voldemort under pressure from your family.
I hope you will forgive me for thinking that you could have betrayed James and Lily".
After the two old friends had reconciled, Sirius turned to Harry, "You know Godson, I am still waiting for your answers".
"As you well know, Hagrid took me away from the ruins of the cottage.
Dumbledore did not know anyone else on my father's side of the family who was alive to take me in.
Even with Voldemort gone, most of his death eaters were still free.
He was caught between a rock and a hard place.
Giving me to a wizarding family to raise would have exposed me and them to the possibility of death eaters finding and killing all of us.
Or, he could give me to my only living blood relative, who hates everything about magic, but the blood wards would protect us.
He made some protections from the sacrifice of my mother based on blood magic and erected wards around their home which prevented any magical with a dark mark or having hostile intentions towards me from entering the place.
The muggles as you probably know were a nasty piece of work.
They kept me in awful conditions".
Sirius looked ready to brawl, "Do you mean he left you with Petunia and her monstrous slug of a husband?
They are the meanest muggles alive".
Remus patted his arm, "He is not yet finished telling, Padfoot.
Now calm down or Healer Meredith will throw us out and douse you with a sleep potion again".
Healer Meredith, who was sitting nearby, glared at Sirius to show that she might just do as Remus suggested.
"You know Mr. Black, one of the healers here has sung your praises saying how helpful you were to ladies before your incarceration.
That you never created a fuss with them but ever since you have come into my care, all you have done is cause trouble for me.
If you say one more word before Mr. Potter- Black is done telling his part of the story, I will have you doused with sleep potion and forget to enervate you".
Sirius looked towards Harry, "you heard the healer, Prongslet.
Go on with your story.
I will not say another word now".
Harry continued, "There are things that I should not speak about in public, so we will talk about them when you are home or maybe Remus will be able to fill you in on it later.
I will answer as many of your questions as I can here.
Alice Longbottom who was my godmother did not raise me because a few days after my parents were killed, she and Frank Longbottom were tortured into insanity by the Cruciatus curse at the hands of Bellatrix Lestrange, Rudolphus Lestrange, Rabbastan Lestrange and Barty Crouch Jr.
They are alive to this day but they are not conscious of the world around them.
Since their incapacitation, they have been residents of the Permanent Spell Damage Ward here at St. Mungo's.
After I was rescued from the muggles, I was raised by Lord Black and Moony.
No I am not a studious bloke but a fun loving prankster.
I started at Hogwarts this year and the classes have been fun mostly except for Severus Snape".
"Snape!
Who let that death eater be a teacher?"
Sirius bellowed.
Remus glared at him, "Padfoot, we will talk about that later.
When you get well and are at home, we will have a long talk about it".
Sirius turned to Harry, "Sorry, I could not control my feelings.
So what else do you like to do?"
Harry grinned, "Oh, I am a flier.
I love flying and Lord Black had me attend flying lessons on a Hippogriff, Abraxan Horses and I own my own broom.
There is also a sort of surprise which I do not want to spoil for you but you will have to see it for yourself when they let you out of here".
Harry was recounting his school experiences and bits about his life-time to Sirius for some time when Healer Meredith interrupted them, "Mr. Potter-Black and Mr. Lupin, it is past visiting hours now.
If you want you can visit him later".
Sirius kissed his forehead telling him to take care and that he would see him soon.
Hogwarts, the next day Harry returned to Hogwarts half way through breakfast time, flooing into Professor McGonagall's office.
"Morning Mr. Potter- Black', she said from her chair, "Make sure that you are not spreading ash all over the carpet".
"Morning Professor", he replied while he banished the soot from his robes with a scourgify charm.
When he came to the Great Hall, the lions were sitting in a huddled group.
As they saw him, they all started hailing him and made a point of it to show off to the Slytherins that he was back.
He asked one of the twins, "Mate, what is this all about?
I know I am famous but such a reception?"
The twins grinned, "Oh, Malfoy has been spouting all over the place that you were expelled and how his father has taken care of you.
We just sent a message to him that he can go soak his head".
"Don't worry.
He has to pay for the stunt he did on Thursday.
Are you both up to some pranking?"
The twins grinned, "What do you have in mind?"
With their heads close together, Harry explained his plan to them.
As they were talking, owl post started coming in and a big Tawny Owl landed in front of Ron, extending its leg to him.
Ron took the letter and the bird did not instantly fly away.
He supposed it was waiting for an answer and opened the letter.
"Dear Mr. Weasley My name is Arcturus Orion Black, Lord of the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black.
I know that we have had no occasion to talk before this, nor was there a reason to do so.
I understand that recently, you lost your pet and I feel partly responsible.
This created a debt between us which cannot be left unpaid so, I have bought this owl, Merion as a gift to you to replace the pet you lost.
I apologize if you feel that an owl cannot compensate for a rat.
I have an aversion to rats.
In my opinion, they make poor pets anyway.
Sincerely, Arcturus Orion Black Order of Merlin First class, Lord of Ancient and Most Noble House of Black".
Ron turned to Harry, "What is the meaning of this, Harry?"
Harry just shrugged, "Lord Black does not like to owe debts to anyone.
He never forgets to repay any good deed or bad deed done to him.
However you are at liberty to either accept the gift or leave it".
Ron caught hold of the owl and caressed its back lovingly, "I like him.
I'll take him".
Classes were easy for Harry as they had been the previous week.
First class was charms where Professor Flitwick had them repeat the incendio for this lesson.
While most were done with incendio, he wanted every student to be perfect in it.
Harry also submitted his homework scroll to the tiny teacher and it was a little more than the two foot parchment that he required however after concisely articulating all the information he wanted to convey, it was not easy to contain it within 2 feet.
He had not put any special effort into the essay but had made sure to write everything in it that was asked of him.
Ron had submitted a scroll which was barely 2 feet and his handwriting was such that if Harry were to write only that much in his parchment, it would be six inches short of the required length.
Neville's was an even 2 feet but his words were small and cursive.
Hermione had submitted 3 feet of parchment and Harry wondered what she had included in it to exceed the required length by a full foot.
This class he sat with Susan Bones and Hannah Abbott.
Susan, he found was fun to be around and liked pranks while Hannah was equally funny however always looked towards Susan to lead her.
As they were talking, Harry asked her in an undertone, "Susan, how do you feel about a prank?"
"It sounds like fun to me".
"Good, because I will need your help for one.
I am planning to announce my pranking debut at school".
She asked him, confused, "What are you talking about?"
"Oh?
Madam Bones has not told you yet that my father and his friends were the best pranksters in this school?"
She gave him a smirk, "Yeah, she mentioned it once but I thought you would take a different route and be the studious type".
He scrunched up his forehead, "Where is the fun in that?
I plan to make our 7 years full of joy and laughter.
So, are you in?"
"Of course I am.
I hope it will be worth it".
In Herbology, Professor Sprout introduced them to Spiky Bush, which was a bush with large piercing spikes growing out of it.
She began to speak, "This is the spiky bush which is used in a couple of potions as a stabilizing agent.
It has no other use.
The plant has a defense mechanism which activates when one tries to harm it.
The plant shoots spikes at anyone in the vicinity.
If a spiky bush is attacking you, you have to use the incendio charm on them.
I advise you to stand well back when you use the incendio charm on them so you do not get hit by the flying spikes".
For Herbology, he sat with Ron and Neville, "Hello you two.
How were two days without me?"
Neville answered, "Very wearing.
I had to answer a hundred questions about you and why you were at the ministry.
I heard nothing, saw nothing and said nothing".
"Well then Neville, you are in for a treat.
The plans for our debut are in place.
Trust me when I say that we will have such a spectacular opening that if anyone knew about it, we would be expelled post-haste".
Neville grinned and then set about destroying the plant.
They took turns at trying to destroy the bush from a distance.
Neville outperformed the others because he could take a shot at them from much closer than others.
He had worked with the plant for years.
He sought the claws during lunch knowing they would not otherwise talk to him in class.
As he had been assured of help by Lisa and Michael, he sat with them.
"Lisa, I distinctly remember that you had promised help to me for a prank.
You had also complained that things were boring in the Eagle's nest.
How do you feel about shaking up the order of things?"
Michael answered, "I believe I speak for both of us when I say that we are positively delighted with the idea.
What is the plan?"
"I will let you know in due course however, be warned that this will not be as easy as it may sound to you.
One mistake and you will jeopardize a lot of us".
"Challenge accepted, Harry".
In Transfiguration, Professor McGonagall collected the homework assigned to them in the last class before she started, "In the last class, some of you accomplished the transfiguration.
There are still many of you who could not.
This lesson, we will revise what we studied in the last lesson".
That lesson was spent with Professor McGonagall singling him out and again upending a stack of match-sticks in front of him.
Grumbling about the unfairness to Mandy and Su Li, he spent the lesson transforming the match sticks into needles.
That evening, Harry had planned for his revenge on Malfoy for the stunt he had pulled during the flying lesson.
He had Neville smuggle out a vine of the Prickly bush during the class which was hidden inside his robes wrapped in his scarf.
They had tailed Malfoy to the library where they spent an hour on a table in the back watching him.
Malfoy got tired of the library soon and as he was leaving, Harry took a few short-cuts and arrived before Malfoy on the way to the Dungeons.
Neville uncovered the vine and they placed it in the middle of the corridor while making sure that there was no one around to see them.
There was not even a portrait visible to them and after they had set the plant in place, he and Neville stood under the Invisibility Cloak directly in front of the vine, their wands out and ready.
Soon enough Malfoy came their way flanked by his ever present goons, Crabb and Goyle.
As he was nearing the spot, they each sent a stunner from under his cloak in the direction of Malfoy, shouting "Stupefy!"
at the top of their voice.
The stunners were not meant for Malfoy but Crabbe and Goyle who were just behind him.
As they hit the ground with a thud, Malfoy whipped his wand out and sent a bludgeoning hex in their direction.
Harry and Neville however had moved out of the spot seconds ago and the hex hit the vine instead.
Just as Professor Sprout had described, the plant's defense mechanism activated and fired a huge volley of spikes at Malfoy, peppering him with them.
By the time that he realized what had happened and started to scream, he looked like a hedgehog with the spines on the wrong side.
Harry and Neville scurried away under the invisibility cloak as fast as they could because they knew that Malfoy's wailing would attract attention and cloak or not, this place was soon going to be too hot for them.
Mere seconds after they had vacated the corridor, Snape came running that way with cloak billowing behind him, his wand raised.
When he understood the situation, he destroyed the vine by fire.
He enervated, then interrogated Crabbe and Goyle.
When they failed to provide any coherent answer, Snape sent them to their dorm.
After they were on their way, he conjured a stretcher and levitated his godson into it, carrying him to the Hospital Wing.
He vowed revenge on whoever had done this to Draco but he had no idea that things were just getting started.
Hospital Wing Madam Pomfrey was about to go to bed when Severus entered the Hospital Wing levitating a stretcher and a student was in it, covered with what looked like spikes from a spike bush.
As far as she knew, Herbology classes did not take place in the evenings nor did Severus Snape teach them.
She had to wonder how this came to be.
"Severus, what happened?"
she asked worriedly.
"I was in the potions dungeon inventorying the ingredients when I heard cries and found him in the corridor covered with spikes and a vine of spiky bush attacking him.
There were two more students there who were stunned and unconscious but otherwise unharmed.
I sent them to their dormitory.
I will complain to Dumbledore that someone attacked my students".
She chided him, "Really Severus?
Is that what you think?
I have treated worse than this from the hands of your students.
You never spoke up then.
These are just spikes which I will get out of him in a trice and give him a dreamless sleep potion with something for pain.
He should be fine by morning.
I do not think you need to trouble Dumbledore about it but by all means, do as you see fit".
Headmaster's Office Severus had disregarded Poppy's advice and went to complain to Dumbledore anyway.
The Headmaster was sitting behind his desk lost in contemplation when Severus entered, bellowing, "Headmaster, someone attacked my students.
I want the perpetrators to be punished".
"Calm down, Severus.
Tell me what has happened?"
Severus recounted everything that had happened.
Dumbledore sat thinking over things for a few moments before he started to speak, "Do you know the identity of the one who attacked Mr. Malfoy?
Was there any portrait or ghost in that corridor who can help you in anyway?"
"No, Headmaster but I know the attacker used a stunner to render my students unconscious".
Dumbledore eyed him sceptically, "And you want the teachers to check everyone's wand to find out if they used a stunner recently?
Really?"
Now that Dumbledore asked him, Snape realized that this was a silly thing to do.
Hogwarts had hundreds of students and a stunner was a really common and easy spell.
The chances of finding a wand that had fired a stunner recently was near absolute certainty and that would be a lot of work to prove nothing.
He was about to leave, when Dumbledore stopped him, "Severus, before you go, I have been informed that you had some disagreement with Mr. Potter- Black.
You deducted points from his house, despite him giving you all the correct answers.
Also that you ordered the students to start brewing without first teaching them any of the basics.
Severus, do I have to tell you every year that I cannot save you all the time.
You have every year provoked the students who complained against your conduct and I saved you but not this time.
If it were any other student, I may have been able to do something but Harry has Lord Black behind him who hates you and will stop at nothing to get back at you.
Now Sirius is also free and how do you think he will react if he finds that you are mistreating his godson?
Besides, it is essential to the standards of this school that students receive proper instruction.
Even for many new students from wizarding families, your class is the first time they have ever tried to brew a potion.
You must teach them the basics if you expect any of them to learn something from your class.
If you cannot mend your ways, I will have to restrict you to NEWT students and hire another teacher to teach students from first year to fifth years.
Another thing I do not understand is what is your problem with Mr. Potter-Black?
I have seen the memory of your interaction with him and I am disappointed.
Why do you refuse to understand that he is not his father or his mother?
He is much more than either of them.
If I have to predict then within a year, he will have the students following him just because he is an interesting person.
I am letting you go with a warning this time but I do not want another complaint.
Do I make myself clear?"
Snape sneered, "Yes Headmaster.
Also, if you will remember that I did not want this job but you asked me to do it.
If I had my way, I would have been gone all those years ago".
Dumbledore said sternly, "You know as well as I do that there is no place on Earth that Voldemort will not find you when he returns.
You are here as much for your protection as for teaching any students.
Also remember you had made a promise to me and to yourself.
If you have forgot it, then pull a memory and watch it again.
As talented a potioneer as you are, you will change your attitude towards the students.
No one deserves your hate because they have done you no harm".
A/N- Hello guys.
First of all, let me apologise.
When I updated chapter 4, I deleted the 100 words long introduction which had nothing to do with the story.
Due to that most of my regular readers could not read that one or they did not realize that another chapter had been uploaded.
If you have not yet read that chapter, I would encourage you to go back and read it and if you have read that but could not post your review, I would love a combined review of the previous chapter and the present one.
Thank you everyone who reviewed the last chapter and gave such awesome comments.
I am gratifie.
ryffindor Common Room Harry and Neville returned to the Gryffindor Common Room sometime before Curfew.
The common room was almost deserted except for a few older students including Fred and George.
The twins noticed them coming in and asked, "Where were you blokes?"
Harry and Neville sat down in a couple of chairs near the fire.
The twins joined them.
Neville smirked and said in a low voice, "We just came back from giving Malfoy a taste of his own medicine".
George (or was it Fred) asked, "Meaning?"
Harry answered, "If you fine blokes were to look at the Marauder's Map now, you will find that he is in the Hospital Wing".
Fred asked him suspiciously, "What did the two of you do to him?"
Harry grinned, "It's not so much what we did to him, but rather more what he did to himself.
We just sort of, shall we say, gave him an opportunity.
If you want the details, you'll have to go and see him for yourself".
The twins eagerly left for the hospital wing the next instant while Harry and Neville decided to turn in for the night.
It had been a tiring day indeed.
Classes had begin to settle into a routine.
The teachers introduced new things to them as they learned what was taught previously.
McGonagall moved on to a new topic after she was sure that everyone could change a matchstick into a needle.
The next thing she taught them was how to transfigure a mouse into a snuffbox.
She gave them a mouse each and showed them the proper movement, taught the incantation, gave a demonstration and then set them to it.
This time Harry was sitting with Lisa and Corner.
They were practicing the incantation under their breath while Harry tried to form an image of a snuffbox in his mind.
He had seen many and had liked one.
It was circular in shape with intricate designs and the lid was in two portions with one being permanently attached to the rest of the body while the second half attached to the permanent portion by latches.
After he had worked out the details, he waved his wand in a precise movement and the mouse transformed into a snuffbox as he had imagined.
McGonagall saw his transfiguration and picked up the box to examine it in detail.
After being satisfied with the final product, she proclaimed, "5 points to Gryffindor".
After he was done, he turned to Corner who was still waving his wand, trying to get the desired transfiguration.
In a couple more tries, he was successful.
Lisa was close and when she had finished Harry started addressing them, "For the prank, either I need to get into your tower or you will have to do it by yourselves".
Lisa asked, "Who else is involved in it Harry?"
"I have a couple of friends in Hufflepuff and in my own house, besides the two of you.
I'm leaving Slytherin out of it.
It will make it look like they are the perpetrators".
Wednesday morning, during breakfast the owl post started coming in, Harry noticed six large owls flying toward him carrying a package with Hedwig in the lead, carrying a letter in her talons.
Harry and Ron, who was sitting beside him, took the package before it fell and relieved the owls of their charge.
Hedwig dropped the letter which he opened first before opening the package.
It read: "Dear Mr. Potter-Black, This is your new Nimbus 2000 which I have ordered for you in the hopes that it will help you score some great victories for Gryffindor.
Do not open it right now but take it to your dorm.
Oliver Wood will be waiting for you at the Quidditch pitch this evening at 7:00.
Minerva M. McGonagall" Harry read the letter quickly and slipped it into his robes looking at the staff table where Minerva raised her glass to him subtly.
Grinning inwardly he picked up the broom to go to his dorm with Neville and Ron following him.
When they were at the Great Stair case, Malfoy flanked by Crabbe and Goyle, blocked their path and stopped them.
Malfoy tried to snatch the package from Harry's hands, "Who sent that to you, Potter-Black?"
Harry was not going to waste too many words on the blond ponce, "Why should I tell you that?
When I last checked, you were no friend to me".
Malfoy had guessed that it was a broom and said sneering, "That's a broom.
You won't keep it for long.
The moment I tell a teacher that you have a broom, it will be confiscated anyway.
No first year is allowed to bring their own brooms here".
Ron grinned and said, "That's not just any broom.
It is a Nimbus 2000.
What do you have at home?
A Comet 260, perhaps?
Comets are flashy but the Nimbus is in a class by itself".
Malfoy seethed, "You think that's funny?
I don't even need to ask what you have, Weasley.
Your entire family fortune could not buy the twigs on this broom".
Harry was about to retort when Professor Flitwick came down from the Great Stair Case and squeaked, "I trust you boys are not fighting?"
Malfoy shouted, "Potter-Black has been sent a broom, Professor!"
Flitwick replied, "Yes, the Headmaster told me about the special circumstances.
Which broom is it, Mr.
Potter-Black?"
"It's a Nimbus 2000 sir", Harry stated with the proud air of ownership.
Ron added, "It's thanks to Malfoy here sir, that Harry made the team".
As Flitwick walked away, Malfoy growled at Harry, "That's it!
I challenge you to a Wizard's duel".
Harry replied with an air of absolute indifference, "Very well.
I accept your challenge.
Neville will be my second.
Who will be yours?"
"Crabbe will be my second.
", Malfoy replied.
"Tomorrow at mid-night in the Trophy Room".
As Malfoy left, Ron started, "It is true that you got on the team because of him".
Harry heard someone behind making noises of disappointment him and turned to find Hermione frowning.
"What is the matter, Hermione?"
"Is that your prize for rule breaking?"
she asked, pointing at the long, slender package.
Before Ron or Neville could say anything, he started, "Hermione, I did not break any rules at all.
I was only retrieving the remembrall which he had picked up and would have destroyed.".
They walked away before she could retort.
She kept badgering them all day that they should not break any rules by going to the duel.
They were going to lose points for Gryffindor and get detention or expelled.
Harry put up with her ramblings until lunch hour when he finally had to get her to stop, "Hermione, do you even know what a Wizarding duel means?
What it signifies?
If I did not accept his challenge, it would have impugned my honour.
It is a match between equals.
To not turn up for a duel after accepting a challenge is as bad as forfeiting it.
It is an admission of cowardice and hugely dishonorable.
I will go and you are not going to stop me".
History of Magic In the class for History of Magic that day, Harry had brought a book on defensive magic with him which he was reading while sitting at the back, paying no attention to Binn's droning.
He had realized that the ghost would not notice even if a riot were taking place right under his nose.
Rather than wasting a period with Binns, he had decided to use it for better purposes.
He only paid attention to know what Binns was teaching and then started reading the defensive magic book.
Hermione glared at him a few times exasperated that he was not paying attention in class but he was beyond caring now.
He had observed that the Ravenclaws who were sharing the class with him were also reading some books other than History of Magic.
After the class was over, Hermione cornered him, "Harry how could you not pay attention in class?
This is not the class in defensive magic".
Harry smirked, "He was teaching about the wizard's council, right?
Do you know that the Houses teach these things to their heirs as part of their history?
Most of the houses date back to the time of Merlin and the fall of Camelot when the Wizarding Council was established.
However, for your own curiosity, Professor Binns does not tell us anything which is not already contained in the book "A History of Magic" written by Bathilda Bagshot who had taken notes earnestly for 7 years when she was a student and wrote that book.
We do not even need to hear him to pass this subject".
Hermione riffled through the pages of the book and realized that he was right.
To say she was disappointed would be wrong because she looked furious.
However furious with whom, it was not clear.
After dinner, Harry arrived at the Quidditch Pitch five minutes before Wood was supposed to be there.
He could not wait to fly on his broom.
He took off to take a lap around the field and was enjoying flying for 10 minutes when Wood turned up and shot green sparks from his wand, calling him down.
"I can see what McGonagall meant by you being a natural on a broom.
With a seeker like you on the team, we are sure to win the cup this year.
Now as you have told me that you have been to see some games before, do you know any moves?"
Harry proudly told him that he could do a lot of them with the wronski feint being his favorite.
Wood's eyes opened wide in surprise with everything that he told him.
"Wow Harry, I did not realize that you are this talented.
Practices are Monday and Thursday evenings at 7:00.
I will expect you to be here then.".
He brought out some golf balls, "Since it is dark and I don't want to lose the snitch, I have some balls here which I will be throwing in all directions.
I want you to catch them".
The Trophy Room The next day was quiet and the classes went on without any incident while he and Draco glared at each other every time their eyes met.
Harry knew that the blond ponce was trying to cause trouble for him but he was unfazed.
Harry had been warned during the day by Daphne in a parchment she had managed to send through Neville that Malfoy had been bragging about the duel and that he was not going to turn up for it.
Harry had not expected any better of the blond ponce but chose to turn up anyway.
He wanted to see what he had cooked up for him and pay him back with interest later.
Hermione had stopped pestering them last night.
When Harry told her that he would not change his mind, she had threatened to tell a Prefect which would have been a disaster.
So, Harry told her a few hours later that they had dropped the idea of going and returned to their dorm.
When they descended that night to go to the trophy room, they found Hermione was still awake with her nose buried in a fat tome.
There was still sometime before it was mid-night, so they decided to wait her out.
They knew she could not stay awake that long if she wanted to be fresh for classes the next day.
They too were worried about classes the next day but tonight was a matter of honour.
There was no way that they were going to let Malfoy get away with smearing Harry's reputation.
After about 30 minutes of waiting, they descended to the common room to find Hermione slumped in her chair in front of the fire.
Harry, Ron and Neville soundlessly opened the portrait hole and stepped out.
The Fat lady said drowsily, "You three better watch out.
Filch came this way not too long ago".
They did not stop to answer her.
Minutes later, they reached the trophy room where they hid behind one of the cabinets waiting for Draco.
Midnight came and went and there was no sign of Draco.
Harry decided to let Lord Black know about it and to use the information as he would.
As they were about to leave, the care-taker's cat, Mrs. Norris (honestly who picks names like that for a cat) came into the trophy room and Harry knew the caretaker would not be far behind.
They heard him shuffling and coming towards the Trophy Room.
Harry mouthed to his friends, "Run!"
They took off out of the other door of the trophy room.
They could hear Filch saying, "Smell them, my sweet.
They should be here somewhere".
They ran down the stair case not caring if it changed and were running to get away from the caretaker.
Harry had not stopped to think where they were going.
They ended up near a piece of armour which Harry knew for sure was on the second floor and it meant that they were miles away from the trophy room and Filch.
Just then as if to aggravate their plight, Peeves came floating through the walls and cackled, "Ickle firsties, out of bed in the night.
Filch should know about this".
Harry decided to face him calmly, "Peeves you do not need to give us up.
We will be back in bed in a moment.
No one will know".
Peeves cackled with laughter, "Peevsie will tell.
It is for your own good, you know".
As Peeves opened his mouth to say something, Harry shot a jinx at him that Remus had taught him and Peeves was struck dumb as his tongue stuck fast to the top of his mouth.
He flew away while clawing at his throat.
Harry turned to the others, "Now let's get out of here before someone else finds us".
Maybe it was just Harry's rotten luck or Filch had made good guesses but soon, they heard the slow meowing sound of the infernal cat, Mrs. Norris and Filch's footsteps right behind her.
They started running again, taking the grand stair case all the while being conscious of the fact that Filch was right behind them.
They ended up in a dead-end.
There was no way out except a door.
"Now I've got you, little blighters.
I will punish you", came Filch's voice.
Harry felt cornered.
Ron tried to open the door at the end of the corridor but it was locked.
Neville pushed him aside and cast 'Alohomora' and the door opened.
They disappeared inside just before Filch rounded the corner.
"No worry, my sweet that they escaped.
We will make do with others.
The night is still young and many will be out of their beds", they heard Filch say and they could hear him walking away, shuffling.
Harry breathed a sigh of relief, "That was close, guys.
Let's go back to the tower now".
It was then that Neville noticed a low rumbling in the room.
He nervously said, "Umm mates, do you hear what I hear?"
Harry turned to face the middle of the room and what he saw was enough to make him freeze in his tracks.
There was a giant monstrous beast in the middle of the corridor.
The beast was huge and had three heads like Cerberus the guardian of Hades, the underworld in Greek mythology.
It had paws the size of dust-bin lids, eyes full of menace, and slobber drooling from all three of its giant, well fanged mouths.
It was standing in the middle of the corridor growling for now, but Harry wasn't willing to bet his life that it would stay still for long.
Harry stared at the beast and whispered to Neville, "Open the door quietly and run.
I'll be right behind you.
DO NOT USE YOUR WAND or you might enrage the beast.
I know Filch might be out there but I would rather take my chances with Filch than a Cerberus any day".
Harry kept his eye contact with the beast and waited while Neville who had found his Gryffindor courage had soundlessly opened the door and dragged Ron out with him.
After the others were safely on the other side of the door, Harry took a quick look around the chamber to find what could be the reason to place such a beast in the castle.
No one would be insane enough to bring a Cerberus and keep it in a place like this full of children unless they had some good reason.
These legendary creatures were natural guardians.
It must be guarding something.
He could see that the dog had its paws on a trapdoor.
Alright, whatever it was guarding was under that trap-door.
With a Cerberus guarding, it was safe enough.
That would have to do for now.
Harry carefully backed out of the room, keeping eye contact with the giant, three-headed creature, until he was able to feel the door-knob at his back.
He quickly flipped past the door and closed it behind him.
The creature made a lunge at him at the last moment and Harry braced himself against the door.
Neville already had his wand out and cast a locking charm.
It was a solid door and the beast was unable to make it budge once it was locked again.
After the room was secured, Harry got his bearings and realized that they were on the forbidden floor.
"Mates, we must have taken a wrong turn somewhere.
We are on the third floor, right corridor exactly where we were not supposed to come".
Neville smiled weakly, "At least we know now what Dumbledore had meant at the opening feast".
Ron asked, "Which bit are you talking about?"
"Remember he had declared 3rd floor, right side to be out of bounds unless one wanted to die a painful death.
I think this was it.
", said Neville.
"Maybe we should return to the common room and then we can continue our talk.
I would hate for us to be caught after such an adventure".
Taking some of the short-cuts that he knew, they all walked up to the common room to find Hermione still slumped in her chair.
Harry told them to go on and nudged Hermione on the shoulder, "Hermione?"
She sleepily said, "Just five more minutes, mom".
Harry chuckled and putting his mouth near her ear, he said loudly, "Hermione!
You missed a week's worth of classes!"
Hermione sat bolt upright, "I missed a week's worth of classes?
How can I miss classes?
Oh God, I am going to fail the exams.
My career is going to be ruined".
When she got her bearings and realized she was in the common room, she said grumpily, "What was that all about, Harry?"
"Hermione, it is very late in the night.
You will get stiff if you sleep in that chair anymore.
You would not be at your best to attend the lectures.
You really ought to go to your own bed".
As she went to her dormitory, he nonchalantly walked to his dorm, his mind still engaged in speculating about what might be beneath the trapdoor.
While it was worth inspecting, it was not worth losing sleep over it.
He figured he could think about it and have some idea as to what it was when he had time for more musings.
He slipped into his bed and crashed to sleep promptly.
THE DECREE The next day, Harry stood in the corridor which led to the dungeons while waiting for the ponce.
Soon enough, he was seen coming with his posse of friends.
Harry called him, "Malfoy".
He sneered, "You?
Here by yourself?
Are you looking for a beating, Potter-Black?"
Harry said coolly, "We need to have a word without your cronies around".
Pansy simpered, "I would not let him be alone, Potter-Black".
Harry said snidely, "Suits me fine, if you need a girl to fight your battles Malfoy.
Your honour is even more impugned than I initially thought.
I imagine Lord Black would have a lot to tell to Lord Malfoy when he writes to him about how his son has forfeited the family honour".
Now that Malfoy understood what Harry was talking about, his family honour, he could not send his cronies away fast enough.
Pansy tried to protest, but she was sent away with Crabbe and Goyle.
After he was certain that they would not be over-heard, Malfoy asked, "What is it, Potter-Black?"
Harry authoritatively said, "Heir Malfoy, yesterday you challenged me to a Wizard's duel and did not turn up to defend your honour.
By your cowardly act, you have forfeited the duel and your honour.
What's more, by sending Filch to catch me out of bed, you have compounded your offence.
Therefore, in accordance with the traditions of the most ancient and noble houses, you must make reparations of my choice to regain your lost honour.
How do you answer?"
Malfoy had a horrible, sick feeling.
He had no idea that Potter-black even knew the rules and traditions surrounding wizarding duels.
He had only thought to get Harry into detention.
His little, childish plot had seriously back-fired and he didn't even want to think what this was going to cost him.
he had no idea that Hadrian Potter-Black was sneaky like a Slytherin.
He only had two options- either to forfeit his honour as Heir of Malfoy or pay reparations in the form he chose.
The choice was simple.
"I trust you have the decree with you?"
Harry produced a piece of parchment which said that Malfoy had forfeited a wizard duel to him and was making reparations to him in the form he chose in return of his honour which would have been impugned.
Malfoy signed the parchment which Harry pocketed with glee.
He was planning to send it to Lord Black who would make some good use of it.
The Dungeons Today was Potions class again.
Harry was in a mood to tangle with the Potions Professor.
Dumbledore had not told him yet if he had talked with Snape but Harry was not going to stand by and let him teach in a most unprofessional manner.
When they entered the dungeons, the dungeon bat (the twins told him that was his nick-name) was waiting for them with a stack of books on his table.
As they occupied their places, he started talking in his menacing tone, "I have been told that some of you dunderheads had trouble with brewing the simplest of potions for the reason of never having heard about Potions before the previous class.
While I had hoped that you were all a little more bright minded than the students who started last year, I have been sorely disappointed.
These books give you the introduction to the art of brewing potions while "A Thousand magical herbs and fungi" is a mandatory read for everyone who wants to be a potioneer.
For today, you will be learning to take care of your equipment and then you will be trying to brew the cure of boils again.
I expect all of you will be able to brew decent potions by the next class".
Harry knew about beginner's potions and had nothing to do for the first half of the class.
Most of the rest of the students were diligently shuffling through the pages of the book, taking notes.
While others tried to set their work station as the book dictated, Harry had his cauldron sitting on its burner, his ladles cleaned and kept neatly at the side.
Harry had wanted charmed ladles because they saved a lot of time.
But his potion master who had taught him the basics and a few potions had told him that charmed ladles took the fun out of brewing and sometimes, he needed to work with the ladle so, it was a good choice if he did not use charmed ladles until OWLs at least.
He had the ingredients lined up and was chopping them up in exact amounts when Snape skulked up to him, "Potter-Black, what would happen if I were to over boil a potion which was supposed to be cooked on a low fire?".
"It would ruin the potion with no hope of salvaging it.
It may also result in an explosion depending on the ingredients and other conditions.
", he answered respectfully.
He had decided that if the Dungeon Bat did not engage him in banter then he would not start it.
As long as Snape was only asking questions which he was expected to know, he was okay.
"What would happen if I were to add porcupine quills to my cauldron before I took it off the fire?"
Harry sighed inwardly knowing Snape would not let him have a moment of peace regardless of what he may do.
There was no way he could remain respectful with that attitude.
"You would get a face full of scalding hot steam from the potion and a trip to the infirmary with a melted cauldron as a bonus", Harry answered.
"5 points off Gryffindor, Potter-Black", he roared.
Harry said innocently, "Did I say something wrong Professor?
Only a fool would add porcupine quills to a potion while it is still on the fire.
For being a fool, they would deserve to have scalding hot potion in their face".
The rest of the lesson went without any further harassment at the hands of the Dungeon bat.
Snape made sure that every student knew of the basics to be followed before they started potion brewing and then had them brew the cure for boils.
Disappointing him, Hadrian Potter-Black was the first one who was able to successfully brew it though he was not ahead by a wide margin.
Draco had been able to finish his brewing a mere a minute or two after him almost at the same time as Hermione Granger.
After the students had handed over their samples, Harry passed a piece of parchment to Daphne when no one was looking.
It was for her to meet him in the library that evening after dinner.
There were things they needed to discuss with the first being the trapdoor.
The library As usual, they took a seat at the end of the library when Daphne arrived with Tracy in tow.
She sat on a chair beside Harry without looking and then squealed when she realized who was sitting at the table.
"Daph, why are we sitting with Hadrian Potter-Black and Neville Longbottom?"
Harry chuckled, "Miss Davis, Hadrian Potter-Black at your service.
Daphne is here because she is my friend".
Tracy's mouth was still open in surprise, "When did you two even meet?"
"We have been friends for at least 6 years now, Miss Davis".
Tracy was glaring at her best friend, "You have been friends with Harry freaking Potter and you never thought to let me know?
We have been friends since we were toddlers, Daph".
It was Harry who answered, "It was for my protection, Miss Davis.
We wanted no one to know my whereabouts so her family was sworn to silence".
"Is that where you went on those holidays when you told me that you were visiting Germany, Italy, Greece and what not?"
Daphne smirked, "Now you are able to connect the dots, Tracy.
Yes, we were going to meet him and spend holidays with him and Neville".
Neville who had been silent till then addressed her, "Miss Davis, it is a pleasure to meet you".
They had a good time talking about things in general but there was nothing more that he could say in Tracy's presence.
She was a new variable and he did not trust anyone easily.
He had passed a parchment to Daphne telling her that they would talk some other time about it since it was of sensitive nature and secrets were meant to be kept and not blurted out.
He also wanted to get to know a few more of the Slytherins because if he did not mingle with them, there was no way that he could have their support.
There was also the prank which he had to execute and there was still a lot to do to set it up.
The Prank The prank was to be executed in two steps.
First was obtaining access to the common rooms of the other houses and second was to do what he had planned.
The plan was to draw some runes on the entrance of the common rooms which would take effect a little later.
Remus had told him about a couple of runes which they used in pranks in their time.
Since one could do almost all magic by runes, he had seen fit to teach some of them to Harry .
.
only some symbols and told him what they did.
He refused to teach him Runes in detail because he said that if he had taught everything beforehand then Harry would be terribly bored in classes.
The prank involved a timer rune which could be adjusted as per the caster's choice.
There were runes in the cluster which would change the appearance or colour of people's skin.
Harry did not feel that the prank was something big or momentous but it would announce to the school that they had arrived.
The best thing was that the prank could not be countered by a finite and Remus had refused to tell him about how to counter it.
When Harry asked him how he could undo it, the marauder smirked and told him that in an hour or two, it would wear off by itself, unless someone else figured out a way to counter it.
In the Marauder's time, nobody had managed to figure that out.
It was unlikely that anyone had figured out the counter since then.
He had decided that today would be the day and contacted his associates who were to work with him.
Sometime after mid-night, he went to the Ravenclaw Tower where Corner and Turpin let him in.
There was no portrait on the entrance to the Ravenclaw Tower like the Gryffindor Tower but a bronze door knocker which asked questions when a student desired entrance.
On the other side of the entrance, Michael had stunned all the portraits in the common room before he invited Harry inside because Harry had shared the little tidbit with him that the portraits were one way that the Headmaster kept an eye on the students.
Harry etched the runes he had learnt from Remus and told Corner to power them after he had left or it would be prematurely activated.
There was also an invisibility rune in the collection of runes and on being activated, the entire collection would become invisible meaning no one would be able to find it unless they knew some very advanced detection spells.
In Hufflepuff, he was led into the barrels by Bones and Hannah.
Susan welcomed him with a big smile, "How are you Harry?"
"I am fine, Susan.
Sorry, but I don't think this is the time for small talk.
If anyone saw me in your House Common Room, I would land in detention for a week with Filch for doing nothing".
Hannah said, "She is like that, Harry.
You tell me, what are we to do?"
"Have you stunned the portraits as I had asked?"
Susan gave him a wide grin, "Of course.
I pretended not to know the stunning spell so I asked Cedric Diggory to teach it to me.
Under the pretext of practicing what he had taught me, I have been firing stunners all around the room and stunned every single portrait".
"Brilliant idea, Susan.
One might say you are a Slytherin under cover".
She gave him a mysterious half-smile, "you never know what can happen, Harry".
"Harry before you do whatever you have to, would you answer a few questions?"
asked Hannah.
"Sure Hannah unless the questions are too personal.
", he replied.
"Nothing like that, Harry but I wanted to know if you yourself would fall victim to this prank?"
"Of course I will.
I have to show that I am as innocuous and naive as they think me to be", he replied smugly, "There can be no better misdirection than to make people think what you want rather than to let them arrive at different conclusions".
"Are you sure that no one will be caught in this?"
Susan asked nervously.
"I don't think so, Susan.
We are not using our wands, are we?
There will be no magical signature to detect.
There is no ghost around to see us.
So, unless one of our associates blabbers on us, there is no way they can catch us.
", he answered.
"I would like to be a portrait on the wall when they are trying to figure out who is behind the prank".
After etching the runes on the inside of the entrance, Harry left telling Susan to tap the runic cluster with her wand.
The power rune would draw power from the ley lines under the school and will work for 24 hours then cease to function after that.
Since every student had to leave through the entrance of their common room to go to classes, everyone would fall victim to them before breakfast.
Lion's Den Neville had borrowed Harry's Invisibility Cloak that evening to do his part in the prank.
Percy Weasley who was a prefect always lingered in the common room till every student was in bed and so, he would be suspicious if Neville was not in bed by that time.
Neville had donned the invisibility cloak and trotted down to the common room.
Without showing so much as the tip of his cherry wand, he stunned all the portraits one by one.
After he was sure that they were all done, he started etching the runes as Remus had shown them.
Over the years, Remus had grown as fond of him as he was of Harry and always tried to help him every way he could.
Remus had taught him many things that Frank would have done, if he had been able.
So Neville loved the older man as he would love an uncle.
As he was finished etching the runes, the portrait hole opened and Harry walked in.
Neville took the cloak off, grinning, "All done Harry.
We just need to tap the runes and it will be finished".
He then realized that Harry was panting with exhaustion.
"Harry mate, are you alright?
Did something happen?"
"I ran into Peeves on the fifth floor.
He was angry with me for the langlock and followed me until I got to the portrait of the fat lady, all the while shouting for Filch.
I tell you Neville that I will pay him back for this".
Harry tapped the runes with his wand and they climbed to the dormitories without noticing the pearly form of Sir Nicholas who had seen everything that they were doing.
The ghost had a sly smile on his face and his eyes were twinkling with amusement.
The next day The next morning Dumbledore felt like he had gone back nearly 20 years in time which was nonsense because even the best time-turners could not take any one more than 5 hours back in time.
The mayhem had started in the morning when a couple of Ravenclaws who were early birds came to the Great Hall for breakfast.
Some of them had greenish tinge to their skin, some had red skin but what was common was that every student was sporting some parts of an animal.
Like Cho Chang had the ears of a panda while Marrieta Edgecombe looked like a coyote.
The teacher prayed that it was an isolated incident but his hopes were dashed when student started trickling in and almost every student except the Slytherins had fallen victim to some kind of prank.
Students were sporting all kinds of animal features with skin colours from every part of the rainbow.
Even Dumbledore, who was used to the bizarre now, was amused.
The incident reminded him of the years gone by when James Potter and his associates used to run amok and terrorize the school.
This particular prank was especially popular back then but none of the teachers remembered it being used with such magnitude.
The Marauders had been caught and punished after Pettigrew ratted them out.
He had cracked under the withering glare of Professor McGonagall.
When they graduated, Dumbledore and most of the teachers had breathed a sigh of relief that the biggest pranksters were gone but here it was again in its full glory.
He looked around to see the reactions of the students and the staff.
The students were bewildered or angry or fearful while a few of them were looking amused or even happy with this.
Young Harry was clicking pics of everyone around and of the Great Hall in general.
There was no way for the teachers to find the perpetrators because Dumbledore knew it was the work of planning, co-ordination and precision.
To be able to hex everyone and to do it effectively, they would need all of them at the same place which was nearly impossible to do without the teachers knowing.
He also guessed that no wands were used to do anything in the prank because using wands would have been the biggest give-away.
He looked around at his colleagues to gauge their reactions.
Sprout was looking at everyone so intently that she had forgotten that she had a piece of bacon on her fork as it slid to the table.
Babbling was looking with interest perhaps trying to figure out what could have been used to cause this.
Aurora did not seem to care and was indulging in her breakfast.
Snape was looking at the scene with disbelief and sneering.
Dumbledore understood why he would feel so.
After all, he had been one of the most frequent victims of this when he was a student.
McGonagall was staring at Hadrian Potter-Black intensely.
She had perhaps arrived at the same conclusion that Albus had.
Hadrian had something to do with the prank but he was not sure exactly what and he also was sure that he was not alone in this.
Students from all three houses were complicit in this act.
Flitwick was looking at the students amused and perhaps enjoying it a little too much.
It was a known fact that Filius loved pranks.
Kettleburn was indifferent which was expected because he was not of the sort to bother unless it involved one of his creatures.
The students were murmuring and getting impatient and Dumbledore needed to do something about it.
He stood, "As I understand it, three fourths of the school have been made the victims of a prank.
Since it is not possible for students to attend classes in this mind-set and make the most of their education, it has been decided that there will be no classes today.
You all are to return to your dormitories or go to the library or do as you please.
Meanwhile, the teachers will try to find a solution to this predicament of the students.
Prefects please join us in the staff room after breakfast".
The Staff Room The teachers had been joined by the Prefects in the Staff Room.
The Head Boy was a seventh year Slytherin named Marcus Silianus.
Dumbledore addressed him, "What have you found out about the incident in question, Mr.
Silianus?"
"Headmaster from what I have been able to glean after talking with other prefects, the changes happened to the students after they exited their common rooms.
This did not happen at once but almost everyone reckons that the changes happened 10 minutes after they exited their common rooms.
Some of the prefects went back to their common rooms to ascertain if there was something which had caused the changes but they were able to find nothing.
Whoever did it knew a lot of complicated magic.
I feel that it is beyond the talents of the prefects to get to the root of the problem".
Dumbledore nodded, "Astute observations, Mr. Silianus.
You have already done more than I thought you would have been able to do.
I will hear from the prefects now as to whether they have any ideas about how it happened".
The Hufflepuff prefect went first.
"Headmaster, from what I have been able to find, it was done according to a careful plan.
Whoever was behind it made sure not to leave any traces of their identity.
I have asked the Fat Friar if he knew who had caused it but he told me that he was not in the common room last night.
None of the portraits which hang in the common room were of any help because someone had stunned them.
When I enervated them, they told me that some student had stunned all of them while she was learning the stunning spell".
He had seen Cedric teaching Stupify to Susan last night but he knew Susan's family history.
In his mind, Susan was the niece of the head of DMLE.
It was unthinkable that she would be involved in such pranks.
Perhaps, she also did not know that she could stun the portraits.
Hell, she was not even able to make the spell work for the first few tries when he was teaching her.
"What is the name of the first year student, Mr.
Orpington?"
"Susan Bones, Headmaster".
"You did well, Mr. Orpington.
Now I will hear Miss Clearwater's observations about what happened in the Ravenclaw Tower".
"Headmaster, I did not find much difference from what Alderic has already said.
The portraits in the Ravenclaw common room were also stunned so they do not remember anything and the Grey Lady has not been around for days.
When all the students had retired to their beds, a few first year students were sitting in the Common Room working on their Potions homework.
They have reported to have seen or heard nothing.".
For Penelope, it was unthinkable that first years would be able to do something which many OWL students could not.
She was a Ravenclaw fifth year and she could not even begin to ascertain what had been done to achieve this.
Besides, the first years she had mentioned were very sweet and timid.
There was no way they could do this.
Dumbledore nodded however he asked, "What were the names of the first year students who were awake after everyone had gone to bed?"
"Michael Corner and Lisa Turpin, Headmaster".
He nodded, "Your report was satisfactory Miss Clearwater.
Now, Mr. Weasley what did you find out?"
Percy puffed out his chest proudly, "Headmaster, I did not find anything more than what has already been told here.
However I would like to add that there were no students in the Common Room when I went to bed.
I did not hear any sort of commotion that warranted any investigation on my part during the night.
The first thing that I realized this morning was that every portrait had been stunned.
The House Ghost Sir Nicholas de Mimsy Purpington Nick was present in the common room all night and he claims to have seen nothing".
Dumbledore nodded while he inwardly was connecting all the dots together.
True it had looked like precision execution at first but after taking together all the details the prefects had managed to unearth, it was clear that the perpetrators had made many mistakes.
There were a few links still missing and he was reluctant to put them together.
It has been a long time since the castle had seen so much action.
Perhaps he would sit back and enjoy these pranks with a bowl of sherbet lemons at his side, of course.
He dismissed the prefects and then started talking to the teachers, "I would like to hear what you all think about it".
Kettleburn started, "It might have been impressive but it was just a prank someone managed.
I would admit I am amazed by the magnitude but honestly I do not care a bit about it".
Dumbledore chuckled, "Of course.
Anything less in magnitude than the debacle of the dramatization of 'The Fountain of Fair Fortune' would not impress you, Silvanus".
Snape drawled, "I think Hadrian Potter-Black is behind it somehow.
This is a trick that his father would have done".
McGonagall snapped, "And what makes you think so, Severus?
Do you have any proof to support your claims?
How would you explain that he got entrance to the common rooms of other houses?
How can you say that he was out of the Common Room when by the admission of the Gryffindor Prefect, every student was in their dormitory by mid-night?"
Dumbledore interrupted them, "Severus and Minerva, please do not banter amongst yourselves.
We have to find out who is behind this.
However I agree with Minerva, Severus.
Mr. Weasley told us that every student was in their bed already by mid-night.
Or do you think that he is involved in it?"
That was a rhetorical question because everybody knew that Percy was the last Weasley one would expect to engage in pranks or to lie to teachers.
He respected authority like he would respect Merlin.
Flitwick squeaked, "I do not care who did this.
It was magic worth seeing and to be able to execute it with such precision is more amazing".
Dumbledore looked at Severus, "So, it is agreed that we will try to find the one behind it however I would warn all of you not to try any unapproved measures in your quest for truth because the repercussions would be devastating".
The prank went on all day long.
The prank would have worn off after two hours but the students did not know that it was renewed every time a student passed through the entrance of their common room.
So, almost everyone had been cursed at least twice passing through the entrance of their common rooms.
The Weasley twins and their friend, Lee Jordan had put their heads together to find out who had pranked 3/4th of the school at once.
This was far beyond the magnitude of what they had ever done.
Also there was no real hint as to who the perpetrator was.
They sorely wished that they still had the Marauder's Map.
With it, they would have noticed last night if students were in places where they ought not to be.
But Harry had asked for his property back.
It was true that they could have refused him but he had proven that he was the heir of the legacy of the Marauders.
What was more, he had proven it by communicating with the map amicably.
They had some suspicion that he might have been the one behind it.
But then they did not know how he could enter the common rooms of other houses.
They had not been able to do it despite being the pranksters in residence for 3 years now.
There was no way he could do it.
He did not have the knowledge to pull off a prank like that.
They were also impressed with how the hex renewed itself when one left their Common Room.
They had figured that something had been done to charm the entrances to make the prank work but even after a careful inspection and a lot of effort, they had not been able to find exactly what was done.
Harry had chosen to spend the day outside on the grounds simply because he knew the prank would be renewed every time someone passed through the entrance of their common room.
As it was, he expected that McGonagall would be inspecting the Common Room and making inquiries of her own.
So would Sprout and Flitwick but not Snape.
Snape would not be bothered because his precious snakes had not been affected.
Harry was sitting with his accomplices, discussing the fallout from the pranks.
There had been several funny reactions to the prank.
They had chosen a spot on the far side of the black lake where nobody could easily see them.
As a precaution, Harry employed the device which concealed people's presence from others.
They were able to talk freely, without worrying about eavesdroppers or uninvited guests.
Michael was saying, "This was fun Harry.
We loved it.
What is the next one?"
Susan added, "You should have seen the looks on the faces of the Hufflepuffs.
They were baffled, amused, angry and surprised.
Some were openly appreciating the ones who did it while others were vowing revenge.
We will have to be careful so that we are not caught".
Harry turned to Lisa, "How was that for stirring things up, Lisa?"
She grinned, "You have set the bar very high indeed.
It makes me wonder what you will do to top this one".
Hannah added, "Have you thought about your next prank, Harry?"
Harry smiled, "Thinking about the next one already, Hannah?
Take a brief rest and enjoy our success before we move on to the next one".
Neville playfully hit him on the shoulder, "Mate, I think you should tell them.
The suspense is unnecessary".
Harry mock-sighed, "Since Longbottom is being so pushy, the next trick is for the Serpents.
I don't want them to feel left out.
Pretty soon the school will have its laugh at them".
"And pray tell what have the serpents done to you?"
said Daphne Greengrass who had arrived there with Tracy.
"What are you doing here, Greengrass?
", asked Ernie curiously.
She gave him a smirk, "I think I am meeting with my friends".
Lisa said, "Sorry, Greengrass, I do not remember that any of us have been your friend previously.
But, you are welcome to join us if you will".
Harry said amusedly, "Oh yes!
I do not remember either if we have been friends previously".
Daphne's eyes turned slit like and she was ready to pounce on Harry to beat him to a pulp.
Neville poked him on his shoulder, "Stop messing with her.
Do you not know how nasty she can get when her anger is roused?"
Harry raised his hands in surrender, "Sorry, Daphne.
I was just jesting around".
Then he addressed the others, "Everyone, I trust you know these two ladies, Daphne of House Greengrass and Tracy of House Davis.
Daphne is one of my oldest friends with Neville here.
She has been around me, harassing me, pestering me for all these years.
It was only my Gryffindor courage that I could bear it all and can still call her my friend".
Daphne had enough and started smacking him about the head with her hands while the others laughed.
After things had settled, Daphne turned to the group, "So what is your problem with Serpents?"
"Nothing really but most of them look excessively gloomy, pretentious and try to look too dignified.
In my opinion, they ought to loosen up a little", Harry replied.
"I would concede that you have a point there Harry but I trust that me and Daphne will be spared from this next trick whatever it may be?"
asked Tracy.
"Sorry, Tracey, that would be a bad idea.
Snape may turn on you both accusing you of being responsible for it.
Why do you think Neville looks like a bull while I have antlers like a stag?
Or Lisa is looking like a fox or Michael is looking like an owl for that matter?
I do not know if you noticed but none of us have been spared and it kept others from looking at us too closely", Harry calmly replied.
Daphne, looking toward the castle said, "Perhaps your efforts to avoid suspicion have not been as successful as you could have hoped.
I can see McGonagall coming this way and she does not look happy".
As the rest of the group followed Daphne's gaze, they saw Professor McGonagall coming their way.
Daphne and Tracy made their escape.
Harry decided that he would rather face Professor McGonagall now than try to run.
When she came upon them, she observed every student and said, "It is good that I found you all here.
Professor Dumbledore wants to see all of you in his office in 10 minutes.
The password to his office is 'Sherbet Lemon'".
Harry spent the next ten minutes, making his way to the gargoyle at the end of the second floor hall, trying to figure out where his plan had gone wrong.
They had left no wand signatures.
None of them had been around when the spells took effect.
There were no witnesses.
They even fell victim to their own prank to avert suspicion.
How could Dumbledore have found out?
Somehow, he did.
There was nothing to do but to face him now.
Headmaster's Office As they walked to the Headmaster's office, Harry talked to his friends in an undertone.
"I do not know if any of you are adept at Occlumency but Dumbledore can read your mind like an open book.
Without casting any spell, he can see the surface thoughts in your mind.
You need to avoid making eye contact with him.
Concentrate on thinking about one of your classes so that he can't read anything about the prank".
After making their way past the gargoyle and up the moving spiral stairs, they were sitting before Dumbledore.
Neville and Harry employed Occlumency.
Harry had his favorite Quidditch match playing in the forefront of his mind.
Neville was reciting everything he knew about plants, herbs and fungi.
The two of them regarded the Headmaster with polite interest while the other four gave their attention to every portrait, book and curious object in the room.
Dumbledore surveyed every one of them critically for a long time before he started speaking, "I trust that you all know why you have been summoned here.
I have received some information regarding the pranks that were done last night.
I daresay that I did not had crucial information to find out who was responsible at first however within the last hour, I have come into some information which points me towards all of you".
Harry asked him, "If I may ask, Headmaster, what is that information?"
He chuckled good-naturedly, "There was a pattern to the pranks, Mr. Potter-Black.
For one there were no witnesses.
For two, all of the portraits in the Common Rooms of all the houses had been stunned so they saw nothing.
For three, there was no house ghost who saw anything otherwise.
I was completely befuddled until the prefects started reporting.
Miss Penelope told me that Mr.
Corner had been seen studying the stunning spell a few days earlier in the common room.
As I understand neither Professor Flitwick nor Professor Quirrell have taught it to their first year students so there was no reason for him to be curious about it.
Similarly Mr. Orpington reported that Miss Bones had been seen learning the charm from Mr. Diggory.
In her enthusiasm to learn the spell, she had stunned all the portraits but not once had her spells found a student.
Imagine my surprise when I floo-called Madam Bones and here I will quote her 'I have taught all the basic spells to her, Dumbledore'.
I again had to ask myself why she would pretend to not know about it.
I received nothing from the portraits in the Gryffindor Common Room so I was flummoxed about who could have done it when help came from an unexpected direction.
Peeves, the poltergeist came to me to inform me that Mr. Potter-Black had run into him on the fifth floor sometime around mid-night.
I recalled Mr. Weasley had told me that all students were in their beds by 11:00 so obviously his information was wrong.
The rest of the story was filled in by the Grey Lady who told me that Hadrian Potter-Black had been welcomed into the Ravenclaw tower by Mr.
Corner and Miss Turpin here.
From there it was not hard to put the pieces together".
Lisa was looking at him open-mouthed, "You should have been sorted into Ravenclaw for your wits".
Dumbledore chuckled good-naturedly, "Indeed, Miss Turpin, the sorting hat debated this with me but it agreed that I had other qualities which were more prominent and I was well-placed into Gryffindor".
He then adopted a serious demeanor, "As you all know, breaking rules is punishable and you all broke too many rules to count last night.
I have been asked to hand the punishment to you all for your misdeed and I have decided that 20 points apiece from each of you and detention with your Heads of House for two nights will be sufficient".
His eyes twinkled and a smile tugged at the corners of his mouth at that moment, "I hope you will be more careful next time and will not leave a rather easy trail to follow.
I would hate to see it being curbed.
Now you all can go back to the Great Hall for dinner".
As they were leaving, Dumbledore said, "Before I forget, take 5 points each for a prank well executed".
Defense Master's Office Professor Quirrell was nervous.
Things were not going the way he wanted and time was running out.
He had been on the trail of Nicholas Flamel and Perenell Flamel for a month.
A couple of times, he had almost reached the stone when the old fool meddled with his plans.
Dumbledore had removed the stone to another location.
When he finally traced it to a high security vault in Gringotts and was able to access it, Dumbledore had already removed the stone earlier that same day.
Now he was keeping it directly under his nose.
Exactly where, it was not clear.
He had also heard about Wormtail being found in the castle and had been very angry.
The treacherous rat had been living with wizards for years in relative comfort and Lord Voldemort was condemned to a wraith like existence.
The greatest dark lord was reduced to a wraith which could not even hold a wand and his followers were living as if nothing had happened.
None of them had tried to find him all these years.
Lord Voldemort who for the moment had taken residence on his turban remembered the agony he had to go through to remain alive and to heal from the injury which was caused to him at Godric's Hollow.
It had taken him years before he could stop feeling the excruciating pain which came to him.
In all those moments of unbearable pain, he had cursed the name of the mudblood Lily Potter and her hell spawn of a son- Harry Potter.
He also rued the one time that he had shown mercy to one of his minions.
He had granted a boon to Severus to spare her life when Severus told him that he fancied her.
If only he had not given that boon or cast the killing curse at the boy without killing the mother, he would not have been reduced to this pathetic form where everything he did was a mountainous task in itself.
In order to be mobile and to stay alive in something more substantial than mere existence, he had possessed Nagini.
Where she had come from, he did not know.
He gave a part of his soul to her for safe-keeping.
That had been the second great folly of his life.
His soul was already weakened from being broken into pieces far too many times.
The strain had very nearly caused him to pass into the near nonexistence where he was neither living nor dead.
Not having died but never able to get a body.
Nagini had been his final horcrux.
To create her, he had to kill a muggle.
Killing a muggle was something he considered beneath him but killing him had been onerous and he had almost died.
After Nagini, he knew that he could not make another horcrux.
He had no followers either.
In this weakened form, he knew that he could not trust any of them to keep him from the ministry.
They had spent a decade free from his shackles and they would not willingly return to him.
Lucius was a crafty businessman who only looked after his own interests.
Barty Crouch Jr. had perished in Azkaban.
The few, the faithful, Rookwood, Travers, Rowle, Bellatrix, Dolohov, Rabbastan, Rodolphus were all rotting in Azkaban, rather than living free as lying cowards.
He would reward them when he returned into a body and broke them out of prison but right now, his primary concern was to obtain a body and for that he needed the thrice damned stone.
Another thing on his list was to kill the bane of his existence- Hadrian Potter-Black.
The boy had to be killed to cleanse the taint that Lord Voldemort had been vanquished by a child who could not hold a wand.
He will give the boy a gruesome death that the world will see but right now, he wanted a body again.
A/N- so this is it for this chapter, folks.
I loved your reviews for the last chapter and I await more.
I will try to post more quickly for this story now.
Please let me know what you think of the story ye.
ourth Floor Harry and Neville were waiting for Daphne where they had decided to meet in an abandoned room on the fourth floor.
Daphne came in the room and Harry locked the door with a locking charm.
Daphne spoke first, "What's up with all this cloak and dagger stuff, Harry?".
"Daph, a few days ago, me, Neville and Ronald Weasley stumbled across the secret being kept on the third floor which the Headmaster had warned us about at the welcome feast".
He did not speak for a few moments, trying to get a rise out of her knowing she would snap at him.
She did not disappoint him.
Her eyes had turned slit like, her forehead scrunched in anger, her wand twirling.
She said in a cold demanding voice, "Will you speak further or do you need to be persuaded?"
Harry chuckled, "Don't start Daphne".
He turned to Neville, "Minion, would you do the honours?"
Neville mock-scowled at him, "Minion?
Me?
I thought it was your turn to be the minion today".
Harry chuckled, "Sorry mate.
With her, you are always going to be the minion".
"Oh right", Neville drawled and suddenly noticed colour rising in Daphne's cheeks.
Hastily he said, "Alright.
As you know Malfoy challenged Harry to a wizarding duel and I was his second.
We went to the trophy room and Ronald tagged along out of morbid curiosity I suppose.
Just like you told us, Malfoy did not turn up.
Filch and his infernal cat did.
We had to run for it.
We wound up cornered at the end of a corridor with no way out but a locked door.
I unlocked the door and the three of us got through it before Filch and his cat could get around the corner to spot us.
As it turned out, we were in the very place that Dumbledore told us to stay away from at the start of term feast.
That was when we realized that we were in the same room as the biggest dog any of us have ever seen.
And if that wasn't bad enough, the slavering beast had three heads!"
She gasped in shock, "What!
A Cerberus in the school?
What was Dumbledore thinking?"
Harry took the narrative from there, "To answer your question, we still haven't questioned Dumbledore about what he was thinking.
While Neville and Ron made their escape, I took one more look around and noticed that the dog had its massive paws on a trap-door.
I figured that whatever had been in that vault at Gringotts and Hagrid blurted out had been removed earlier that same day, is what that Cerberus is guarding".
She listened to everything and then asked, "What do you think it could be?"
"We don't know.
We have brainstormed on this for a long time but we don't have enough clues to even make a good guess.
I feel that it is not something we should concern ourselves with.
I just wanted to keep you in the loop about what we have been up to".
She nodded, "What about Malfoy?
Did you do something about him?
He forfeited a wizarding duel to you".
Harry gave her his best lop-sided grin, "I made him sign a decree for me.
I imagine Lord Black will have some use for it".
She grinned in response.
Black townhouse Lord Black was sitting for dinner when an owl knocked on the window outside the kitchen in the Townhouse.
With a flick of his wand the window opened and the owl flew straight to him and extended its leg to him.
Recognising the Hogwarts crest, he opened the letter and started reading, "Lord Black, This is to inform you that your ward Hadrian Potter-Black was found to be involved in mischief making in the school in concert with students from other houses.
Working with them he broke curfew, accessed Common Rooms of other Houses, and did a prank upon 3/4th of the school at once.
This prank caused the students to have their skin colour changed and display animal parts instead of their natural human ones.
The resulting disruption forced us to cancel classes for the day.
After an investigation in which the students involved were identified and proved guilty beyond doubt, the Headmaster has penalized the guilty parties by deducting 20 points each from their respective houses and sending all of them to detention with their heads of house for two evenings.
This letter is being written to you in the hope that you will discipline him for his behaviour.
Minerva M. McGonagall Deputy Head Mistress, Head of Gryffindor House Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry" Arcturus read the letter in full and handed it to Remus, "Your nephew has already started to sow terror in the hearts of the teachers".
Remus took the letter and read it through at once.
When he was done, he was sporting an ear to ear grin.
"He didn't take long to get started, did he?"
Arcturus snorted, "I am surprised it took him this long.
I had thought that he would have done it in the first week.
What do you think we should do to discipline him, as Minerva expected us to?"
Remus gave him a wary look, "Would you actually discipline him?
You would rather send him gifts and tell him that he did well".
"Not so.
He got caught didn't he?
He must have left clues that lead back to him.
We can't have that".
Remus mentally snorted.
The older wizard was a true Slytherin.
He was disappointed that Harry was caught but, not at all about his ward pulling pranks.
Remus knew that the Headmaster had a lot of ways to gather information which others did not.
If he put his mind to it, he could find out anything he wanted.
Remus however was ready to tell Sirius about this prank and may be they could get some photos from Harry which he surely would have taken.
"Remus, how are the preparations coming for the meeting at Longbottom Manor tomorrow?
Are we ready to go and do this?"
asked Arcturus.
"Yes, Augusta has sent a letter to inform me that she has called a meeting of the allies of House of Potter & Longbottom tomorrow.
We can topple Cornelius Fudge off his chair.
Have you talked to Dumbledore?"
Arcturus said off-handedly, "Why would I need to talk to him?
He is the chief warlock and it is of no concern to him.
I think that privately he would be elated to get rid of Fudge because he is more of a hindrance than a help.
It only remains for us to put forward the most suitable candidate for the job".
"Do you have anyone in mind?"
Remus asked, knowing that the older wizard would already have thought of it.
"Indeed I do, Remus but I will leave you guessing until I talk about it tomorrow", he said cryptically, "Now leave me in peace to write a letter to my heir to discipline him for his failure".
After dinner as he was about to retire for the night, Hedwig made an appearance.
She landed at Remus's side of the table and extended her leg.
Remus detached the letter and offered her owl treats and water.
After she had her fill, he told her to rest in the Owlery and they would have a letter for her to take back in a few days.
Remus opened the letter and started reading, his eyes shining with anticipation.
He inspected the other parchment which had come in the envelope.
He passed both to Lord Black, "Here, this will be sufficient to quell your anger at him".
Arcturus started reading the letter.
"Dear Grand-dad A few days ago, Draco Malfoy challenged me to a wizard's duel to be held at midnight in the trophy room.
I accepted the challenge and made an appearance at the appointed time and place.
He failed to come or to send notice that he would not come.
In addition to failing to honour his commitment, he also sent Filch so that he could catch me out after curfew.
I was able to evade the caretaker and his cat.
The next day, I made the formal demand of him to forfeit his honour for failure to honour his commitment or to pay reparations in the form I chose.
He immediately signed the decree to make reparations in the form I choose and I hereby commit the decree to you to execute as per your convenience on my behalf.
Neville and Daphne send their respect and loads of love to you and Moony.
Hadrian Potter-Black Heir to House of Potter and House of Black" After he was done reading the letter, he looked at the decree and after satisfying himself as to its contents, he started laughing.
After a good 5 minutes, he was able to control his laughter, "Remus, I think we have enough to make sure that Fudge is toppled off his chair.
Thanks to this", he said tapping the decree, "Lucius too will play his part".
Remus just grinned in response.
St. Mungo's "Mr. Black, how are you today?"
asked Healer Meredith as she entered his ward at St. Mungo's.
Sirius looked up warily, "I am sure I will be absolutely fine Meredith unless you are going to shove another of your disgusting potions down my throat and call it a nutrient potion".
She chuckled, "Hardly Sirius.
The potion regime is over and there is nothing more that we can do here.
Your sessions with your mind healer are also at an end.
Tomorrow we will make the final decision about whether you are ready to leave.
Ready to go or not, you are to come in for periodic assessments for the next three months.
Fail to show, even once and I swear by Merlin that I will personally come and drag you back here".
Sirius shuddered, "You know I would do anything to be rid of this prison, Meredith.
I have a godson to meet, friends to reconnect with, a grandfather to reconcile with and a future life to plan".
She chuckled, "Looks like you have a lot of plans to pursue when you are out of here.
I will leave you now to your recuperation".
Sirius was content to be away from the Dementors even if it meant he was in a hospital.
He was astounded to find his grandfather alive after so long but was also relieved when Remus had told him that Arcturus had rescued Harry from the muggles a decade ago.
True that his grandfather had not looked after his interests when he was little but he had come through when it was needed.
He had scorned him and his family and ran away from home when he was 16 but now that he thought about it, he wondered if things would have been different if Arcturus had not left Great Britain soon after Melania had died.
He could have changed a lot of things with the power that was at his disposal.
He figured that they will have a long talk when they are face to face again.
He also thought about his godson who had grown up to be a wonderful boy and as Moony told him, had the charms of his father and his mother's brains.
He wanted to get out of the hospital wing as soon as he could because he could not wait to see his godson and spoil him rotten if Moony had not already done so.
It was a good thing that they were going to discharge him the next day because it had already gone on as long as he could tolerate and not break under it.
Hogwarts Harry and Neville had been given a hero's welcome in the tower by many of the students.
News was hard to contain in the school with the rumour mill being what it was.
Besides, the detention log which contained details about detention of a student was public knowledge and by evening everyone had known who was responsible for the prank.
The twins had snuck out of the castle to bring plenty of items for an impromptu party where Harry and Neville were treated as the guests of honour.
The twins had been enthusiastic about the prank and wanted to know details but Harry told them it was proprietary magic of the marauders and part of his heritage as being the heir of their legacy.
He told them that they could join in the next big one.
Not everyone was happy with them.
a few of them were scowling or grumbling about the pranks and that they had to spend the day sporting parts of an animal.
Most however were amused and encouraged them to do more tricks like that in the future.
Percy was one of those who was not amused or found the prank to be funny at all.
Hermione was another one who huffed at them.
Ronald had asked Harry as to why he did not include him in the prank.
When Harry asked him if he could do half the things they had learned in classes yet.
Ronald's red ears were enough to tell him that he could not.
He had told Ron that if he applied himself to his studies then Harry would think about including him in his pranks because he was not ready to face the ire of his parents if he turned to mischief making like Harry and did not pay attention to his studies letting his grades plummet.
Later Neville and Harry had conferred with each other about giving Ronald a chance if he showed improvement in his studies.
He was a brilliant tactician and could be helpful to them in ways more than one.
The next day Harry was sitting for breakfast at the Gryffindor table with Neville and the twins around him.
With the looks that he had received, he was sure that some of the students were still angry with him and it was better to let them cool off before he made another move.
"Harry, is that Zeus flying towards you at break-neck speed?".
Neville asked nervously pointing towards the ceiling from where the falcon was gliding towards him.
Harry extended his arm for the bird and when it landed, it butted its head against his for a moment before extending its leg.
Harry relieved it of the burden and offered a piece of bacon which the bird snatched up and flew out again.
Harry noticed that the letter was sealed by the signet ring of House Black meaning the letter had been written by Lord Black himself.
Warily, he opened the letter.
"Hadrian Potter-Black, I am disappointed with you and I feel that all the lessons I imparted to you were for naught.
Your Deputy Head Mistress sent me a letter telling me about your prank and urged me to admonish you for your rule-breaking.
While she has the right to make requests, it is up to me to honour them or outright ignore them and I have decided to ignore her for the time being.
I extend my congratulations for your feat.
I also express my disappointment that you were caught.
Next time, please pick up associates who know the value of stealth, who will not leave a trail to follow.
If, however, you are doing it to get caught then it is another matter altogether.
On a different note, I am extremely pleased with you for the way you acted with dignity and honour in dealing with Heir Malfoy and showed your Slytherin side in obtaining that decree.
I surely will use it to great effect.
How are Heir Longbottom and Heiress Greengrass?
Give my love to both of them and take care of yourself, learn magic and do whatever little wizards are supposed to do.
Make me proud.
Arcturus Orion Black Order of Merlin, first class Lord of Ancient and Most Noble House of Black.".
"Everything alright?"
Neville asked him.
Harry showed him the letter which he read at once, "I would have never expected that he would actually congratulate you for pranks well done.
He looks like the pureblood lord who can tolerate no rule-breaking and does not know humour".
Harry snorted, "You know him Neville.
For the world he is Lord Black, the perfect pureblood lord but at home, he is just a grand-father who likes to enjoy life as much as we do while trying to think of ways to spoil his grandchildren".
Neville who was looking around asked him, "Why is Hermione glaring at us?"
Harry looked at Hermione and sighed, "She is a stickler for rules, mate and prides herself on obtaining points for the house with all the answers that she gives in the classes.
I suppose she is peeved that we lost 40 points in a day".
Neville chuckled, "I had not thought about it that way".
Things were quiet for a few moments before Neville asked him in a hushed whisper, "Are we ready for the next one?"
"Next one?"
Gred (or Forge) asked him.
"What exactly do you have planned Harrykins?"
Harry gave them his best lop-sided grin, "If I told you, you might try to steal my thunder".
He turned to Neville, "Oi, we are ready but do not go out giving our plans like candy or I will find another minion".
Neville slapped his shoulder playfully, "As if anyone else can read you like a book the way I do".
"Neville mate is that the Longbottom owl flying towards you?"
asked George pointing to a barn owl flying towards Neville.
The bird extended its leg to Neville when it landed.
Neville relieved it of its burden.
To his relief, it was not a howler but a simple plain letter from his Gran.
Taking it to be a good sign that she was not angry with him, he opened the letter.
"Neville Frank Longbottom, I received a letter from my friend Minerva last evening about your mischief making at the school.
I should say that I am disappointed that you are not following in the foot-steps of your father but I realise that you are your own man.
I want to chastise you but when I think about what Frank would have done, I realise that he might have been okay with it.
I will not interfere or admonish you about pranks so long as they do not hurt anyone however the moment I hear that you have crossed the line and become a bully, I swear that I will come and set you straight.
Give my love to Harry and Daphne.
Augusta Longbottom Regent of House Longbottom" Neville showed the letter to Harry who was pleased with the response.
"At least I do not have to worry about you being left out of a prank because Gran did not want you to become a part of it".
"As if I would let you do anything without me being involved, you prat", said Neville.
After lunch, McGonagall stopped them, "Mr. Potter-Black and Mr. Longbottom, you both are to report to my office this evening at 8:00 for your detentions and you do not need to bring your wands".
After the admonishment, they went to their classes for the day.
Harry made sure to include Ron in the group because he would be very useful to them in pranks.
The red head was not as advanced as they were but there was strength in numbers and he had some brains which he could use to get them out of tough situations.
His prowess in chess as Harry had seen was formidable.
He was able to defeat some of the older years too.
They only would need to push him to do his best in studies and at times help him here and there.
Besides they needed more friends, plain and simple and the Weasleys were part of their extended family.
Callidora, Dorea and Cedrella were sisters after all.
"Harry, come join us in the library today", said Ernie Macmillan who had just come to their table, "There are a few students who want to meet you".
As Ernie left, Harry said to Neville, "Come to think of it, I am related to him too.
Grand-Aunt Melania was his great-aunt".
"I take it you are going to meet him?"
Neville asked him.
"Of course I am and you are coming with me".
Longbottom Manor Arcturus arrived with Remus at Longbottom Manor where Augusta welcomed them.
"Arcturus welcome to Longbottom Manor and the same to you, Remus".
Arcturus asked her, "Are the others here?"
"No but they will start arriving soon.
I am expecting about 10 of our allies here today.
The rest of them follow Dumbledore now".
Arcturus waved her off, "it is of no concern Augusta.
We will have a minister of our own choosing in the Wizengamot this term".
The Wizengamot was the governing body of the Wizarding World and elected the Minister who ran the government.
There were 60 active seats in the Wizengamot of the Ancient and Most Noble, Ancient and Noble and Ancient Houses with each seat having 2 votes while 20 were vacant due to the reasons of them being wiped out of existence or stripped of their places upon the Wizengamot.
10 seats of the rest were held by Order of Merlin awardees while 10 were temporary seats which were filled by other houses who were elected by voting of the permanent seats and Order of Merlin holders.
If a house did not have anyone to represent its interests in the capacity of Lord or Regent, then the minister could appoint a regent for that seat till the heir came of age.
It was using this power that Fudge had appointed Lucius Malfoy as Regent of House Black claiming that in the absence of other heirs, his son Draco Malfoy was the heir apparent.
Dumbledore had been able to appoint Elphias Doge when Milicent Bagnold was still minister and she had approved his decision.
So, out of a total of 100, there were only 80 active seats in the Wizengamot.
For a majority, one needed 41 votes in their favour.
The neutrals were the biggest block with 40 members.
Dark had 25 and light had 15 members in their respective factions.
The light was led by Dumbledore while Nicholas Greengrass was the leader of the neutral and Lucius Malfoy was the leader of a group of the dark faction while the other was led by Thaddeus Nott.
The first one to come was Lady Bones who had brought Lord Abbott with her.
The next was Lord Macmillan who had a frown on his face and Arcturus thought that he might be a difficult ally unless he was reminded of his place in the hierarchy of the houses and his relation to the House of Black.
Stevens was next which was an Ancient House and had been in the alliance for the last 3 generations.
There was Lord Fawley who came next followed by Lord Corner who was followed by Lord Boot.
After they had all taken their seats, Augusta Longbottom stood to address them since she was the host.
"Firstly welcome everyone to this first meeting of our alliance after all these years.
This meeting has been called to renew the alliance between us.".
Lord Macmillan pointed to Arcturus and Remus, "What are they doing here?
As I remember, House of Black was not a part of the grand alliance neither is Mr. Lupin a member of any of the Houses of our alliance".
Arcturus stood and faced him calmly, "My apologies Lord Macmillan if I sound too presumptuous but Hadrian Potter-Black is a ward of my house apart from being my heir.
My grandson is his godfather and my sister, I might add, is his grandmother.
So, I am here as representative of House Potter's interests in the first place.
Secondly, I am willing to join this alliance and declare that House Black will sit in the light faction starting with the next session.
Remus Lupin is here because he was one of the intended guardians for little Harry as has been said forth in James Charlus Potter and Lily Potter's will.
In the next session, he will be appointed as the Regent to the house of Potter in accordance with their wishes and will be discharging those obligations until Harry is ready to assume his duties upon reaching the age of majority".
When he sat down, Leonard Macmillan had averted his eyes, "I apologise for any slights which I might have committed towards you, Lord Black".
Lady Bones stood to dispel the frostiness of the situation, "So, the agenda of this meeting is to oust Cornelius Fudge from his office because he violated the rights of an Ancient and Most Noble House by appointing a Regent of his choosing without conferring with the Lord of the House".
Lord Boot said, "Amelia, do we even have the numbers?
As I see it, we hardly have 10 houses represented in this meeting and we need 41 to make majority".
Lord Black answered for him, "I will answer this one, Lord Boot.
As far as anyone knows, House of Black is currently a member of the Dark faction and I still have allies in that faction who are under obligation to The House of Black for favours offered to them throughout the years.
Since we have time on hand before the next Wizengamot session, I will call a meeting with them and ask them to repay those debts that they owe to me.
In addition to that, I will twist Lucius's arm till he agrees to my proposition and then I will break it for good measure.
In the neutral faction, I have several allies who will help me".
Augusta who had done some quick math, replied, "As per my calculations, we will have at least 40 voting on our side, so we just need a couple more to ensure that Fudge's days are numbered".
Lord Abbott spoke for the first time, "If we present a worthy candidate, we may be able to break the rest of them and obtain an easy majority".
Augusta spoke, "I think I speak for all of us when I say I am open to suggestions".
Stevens spoke up, "Dumbledore would not accept the post even if we came crawling to him on our hands and knees to take it.
Besides he better suits our needs as the chief Warlock".
Lord Corner said, "What about Bartemius Crouch Senior?
He is an able wizard and would be far better than Cornelius Fudge as the minister".
Arcturus snarled, "Not him.
He is one of those responsible for sending Sirius to prison without a trial.
I want his head on a platter for this infraction".
Remus spoke up, "Then let's consider Lady Bones as the next minister".
Amelia took her time to reply, "My initial thought was to refuse but I think I will do it if you all consider me worthy of the role.
There are a lot of things that Cornelius could have done differently.
He would have been touted as a hero but he failed to do it".
Arcturus turned to her, "I would implore you to start collecting evidence against him of financial misappropriation, of taking bribes from former death eaters and other offences so that we can arrest him and make him squeal on those who had done under-handed deals with him in the past.
I am not in a mood to let him escape".
It was agreed that Amelia would be proposed as the next minister by Lord Macmillan and the nomination would be seconded by Lord Boot.
But first, Lord Black would bring a non-confidence motion against Cornelius Fudge.
Ministry of Magic At the same time, Cornelius Fudge was sweating in his office.
He had heard whispers of the grindstone moving again and of Lord Black on a warpath against him.
When he had become the minister, he used to rush to Dumbledore for advice and generally do as he suggested.
The big exception was when he appointed a Regent for House Black.
Lucius who had already been cleared by then, due to his heavy donation to a charity run by Fudge's wife had approached him with a smile and a large bag of Galleons and convinced him to appoint Lucius as Regent for House Black.
Fudge was obviously happy to do so when nothing had been heard of the former Lord Black for a long time.
Lord Black was all but presumed dead.
He had panicked at the time when Arcturus had appeared again and started to pester him to get a trial for Sirius Black but Cornelius had persevered and did not bow to him.
Arcturus had disappeared again shortly afterwards and he had thought that the crisis was averted but it was not.
Now Arcturus was back and asking for his head on a platter.
"Minister, what has worried you?".
asked Dolores Umbridge, his undersecretary.
The witch was a despicable creature but crafty in her ways therefore Cornelius had allowed her to rise so high in the ministry.
She had come in handy for him all these years.
"It is Lord Black, Dolores.
Arcturus Black has sworn revenge on me.".
She simpered, "But he is just an old fool like Dumbledore.
He surely cannot expect to be able to cause harm to you, the minister of magic.".
Cornelius snapped, "He is a Black, Dolores.
They are one of the biggest and most influential families.
Most of their influence has waned but they still have enough.
They are known Slytherins and if they decide to achieve something, it is not out of their hands.
He still has lots of influence and gold to get what he really wants.
If he decides to oust me from the office, it is only a matter of time".
"Surely you don't really mean that?"
she asked him nervously and Fudge could sense that she was scared for her own future.
Well, Fudge thought, he could not give her any assurance when his own future was not secure.
"If I were you Dolores, I would start to consider other career options.
It is out of my hands now", he said wearily.
Hogwarts In detention, Professor McGonagall had them clean one of her book-cases full of old books on the first day without magic.
It was a hard job and they had not enjoyed a bit of it.
In the next, she had them clean a cabinet full of pictures and some awards which had been awarded to Gryffindor in the previous years.
One of those showed the Gryffindor students of the class of 1968-75 where the Marauders were standing close to McGonagall and grinning stupidly at the camera making Harry smile.
There was another one where Frank and Alice stood with Minerva and surprisingly Augusta.
Classes were going well enough and the Quidditch practices were sufficient to tire him out every day that he had no energy left to do anything else.
Oliver was a maniac when it came to Quidditch.
Meanwhile, they had secretly met Lilith Moon and Blaise Zabini.
They had been very positive towards him and said that they were looking forward to his friendship with them.
As days passed, Harry had met heirs of many houses who otherwise belonged to the dark spectrum on the Wizengamot and were former allies during the war.
Harry met all of them and marked some to keep his friendships with, the most notable being Adrian Pucey who was from the Ancient House of Pucey.
His family had not participated in combat in the last war for either side but worked as information gatherers for both sides.
Harry resolved to get that one on his side as soon as it was possible.
There were other heirs too who otherwise belonged to the gray spectrum .
.
the neutrals like the Du Vant Family, the Abercrombie family, the Fawley heiress and a few others.
The most interesting thing was that none of them knew of his friendship with Daphne except his year mates and he intended to keep it that way.
The duel master and his apprentices Harry wanted to learn duelling.
Arcturus had engaged a duelling master to teach him the basic rules of duelling and that was all however Harry wanted to learn duelling professionally so that he could compete in the World under-14 championship.
He had been to many of those tournaments when he was little with Remus and sometimes Neville.
They both had decided that they would seek Flitwick out for he was the best to teach them about it.
To that end, they both decided to pay him a visit one evening.
The charms professor was in the middle of grading the assignments they had turned in and was surprised to see them, "Mr. Potter-Black, Mr. Longbottom, is everything alright?"
Neville took the initiative, "Yes Professor, everything is alright.
We wanted to ask you something".
He motioned for them to continue, "Go on, I am listening".
"Professor, it is widely known that you are a nine times duelling champion.
The thing is that we want to participate in the upcoming duelling tournament next year and we thought maybe you could coach us".
Flitwick contemplated what they were asking of him for some time before he started speaking, "Yes, it is true that many years ago, I was a duelling champion.
I have not stepped into a ring since then, nor have I ever attempted to coach before.
The two of you are certainly doing well in class.
You may very well have what it takes.
I warn you, however, that duelling in competition is very different from practicing spells in a classroom.
I will agree to coach you if you will abide by the rules.
I will teach you the same way that my coach taught me".
Harry asked, "Who was your coach?"
"My father at first, but when I arrived at Hogwarts, the transfiguration professor, who is now our Headmaster trained me.
", Flitwick grinned.
After Harry and Neville had a moment to let that sink in, Flitwick continued, "Now, the rules: First you will not use your duelling abilities to bully others, second you will never ever break the rules of duelling under any condition and thirdly, you will do everything that I ask of you".
They readily agreed to this, "We will do as you ask of us Professor".
He started walking around them noticing their posture and everything that he thought necessary.
After a careful observation which lasted 5 minutes, he started, "I want you both to run at least one lap around the Black lake every morning and use magic for any chores which you might do.
It will ease you into using magic more swiftly and your cores will become accustomed to the daily exercise so you will not faint in the middle of a duel".
He rooted through a drawer and pulled out two battered copies of a book titled "A guidebook for Beginner Duellists", "These books contain all the spells which we can often expect in a duel and I want you two to learn one spell at a time.
You will not start to learn another spell until you have finished one and by finishing I mean that you can cast those spells in your sleep if the need be.
There is a room by the charms classroom on the second floor which was used in the past for the duelling classes which were abolished sometime after the Grindelwald war.
You can use it for your purposes.
I expect you will not tell anyone else about these lessons.
If a third student were to so much as show their face when I am coaching you, I will immediately cease teaching these classes.
The first class will be at 7:00 on the coming Monday".
Black Town House Sirius Black was discharged from the hospital and brought to his childhood home where he had many bitter memories.
Memories of his parents, his brother and all the abuse he had suffered under this roof till he had run away to the Potters in fifth year.
The door to the townhouse was still the same with the door-knocker in the shape of a snake.
Moony tapped it with his wand and it opened a minute later.
When he stepped inside, he found that the house had been transformed.
The narrow entry hall was twice as wide as it used to be.
The old-fashioned lights had been replaced with lights which had ever-burning fire in them.
The carpet had been changed recently.
There was a large chandelier hung in the entrance hall, the stairs were all broader with ever-burning fire lights and illuminating the paths, most of the portraits looked like they sported new frames and had been recently cleaned, the drapes and curtains on the windows looked new, the walls were of neutral colour.
The walls of the meeting room were done in cream with hints of brown thrown in.
The Black and Potter crests were hanging on one of the walls; the table was the same as ever but looked like it had been polished recently.
There were windows on the walls which brought in sufficient sunlight so the house did not have a dark and gloomy look.
There were comfortable looking sofas spread throughout the living-room.
The kitchen had a huge chandelier which was illuminated by fires which were burning in sconces in it.
The fireplace had been enlarged so a full grown man could easily walk out of it and was made of sandstone and done with wood work with the Potter and Black crest on the mantle.
Remus made him sit in the Meeting Room and Kreacher brought them refreshments.
While he was not overtly respectful to Sirius, he bobbed his head in courtesy towards him.
Arcturus walked into the meeting room after about 10 minutes and sat on one of the chairs and turned to Sirius, "I trust you have a lot of questions for me".
Sirius took a deep breath before he started, "Yes, I do.
My first question is why did you not interfere when my hag of a mother made me run away from the family?
Second, where were you when I was taken to Azkaban?
You could have got me out of there years ago.
Why did you not try?
Why did you take Harry in?
Why are the Potter and Black crests everywhere in the house?"
"I was in the Black Castle when the hag made you leave the Townhouse.
I returned six months later and Dorea told me everything.
I had been away for so long because I was grieving over Melania however I never cast you out of the family.
Walburga had no authority to do this and you remained my heir.
I tried to send you many letters but you had put mail redirection wards around you which prevented any communications from getting to you.
When Charlus died, I left for France because I could not live here with all the grief and sorrow.
My own family was tearing itself apart and I could not stand around to bury one member after another.
By the time, Voldemort was vanquished, I was already presumed dead by most.
News was slow to come out of Wizarding Britain in those days and by the time I learned about it, you were already incarcerated.
I kept pestering Cornelius Fudge to let me see your trial files but he had them sealed under the Official Secrets Act.
I also found that most of my family was gone.
Pollux, Castor, Alpharad, Druella and everyone is dead.
My heir was in Azkaban on charges of murder of those he considered family.
I kept trying but could not find a way to get you out.
I was also apprehensive that Narcissa's boy would become the Black Heir in the absence of another one so I looked for anyone else who could become one and the goblins helped me to find out that Harry Potter had an equal claim to the heirship.
Dumbledore had left him to be raised by muggles who hated and abused him.
I devised a plan where Moony agreed to act as my steward and rescued little Harry from the muggles.
We lived in hiding all these years and returned to London when it was time for Harry to return to the wizarding world.
He has friends to depend on, he knows of his heritage and his family history and he is already turning heads with pranks.
As to why the Potter and Black crests, Harry is the heir of both the families.
Do you have any more questions?"
Sirius asked innocently, "Just one.
What prank did he do?"
Arcturus stood, "I will let Remus fill you in on all the details.
I am off to do some work".
The duelling lessons Harry and Neville dutifully presented themselves before Flitwick on Monday at the appointed hour for the first duelling lesson.
Since their meeting in his office, they had read the book which Flitwick had given them as he had asked them to.
They were learning just one spell a week and even then it was tough work.
This presented a real challenge but also made them acquainted with more spells that they were sure would only be taught in defense or charms in the later years.
The books listed 10 spells which were all non-lethal spells, used extensively in the duelling circuits by amateur duellists.
Remus had already taught them some of the spells.
That sped the training along.
Flitwick was sitting behind a desk and started speaking, "For a duellist it is necessary that he must be nimble on his feet, a quick thinker and can cast at greater speed than others.
I had some born talent that I am faster than anyone else but you can acquire speed with time.
Also remember that in a duel, it is not necessary for you to raise a shield every time.
You can also dodge which is better for two reasons: First, dodging does not drain your magical core, second, if a spell cannot connect, it cannot harm you".
He took a brief pause so the boys could contemplate all that he was telling them.
After everything sunk in, he asked them a question, "Do you both know how to dance?"
Harry and Neville answered together, "Yes".
Then Harry asked, "How does that help with dodging?
I mean dancing is regular, rhythmic and predictable.
I thought that dodging should be erratic and unpredictable".
Flitwick smiled, "Let me show you then".
He jumped down from the table and took the traditional duellist stance and said to them, "Now you both shoot any spells at me that you can while I show you how dodging is nothing more than dancing".
For this demonstration, Flitwick didn't bother to get his wand out.
Without warning, they both started to cast at him and Flitwick looked like he was dancing in front of the spells.
His feet were moving so fast and so gracefully that it was hard to predict where he was going to be next.
The boys understood what he had meant by dodging being a dance.
Being raised as heirs of pureblood families, dancing was a must for them to know.
Cassiopeia had it drilled into Harry until he could dance perfectly.
Augusta had been able to teach Neville to dance gracefully to at least save his reputation.
After five minutes of casting, they were not able to hit the tiny professor even once.
When they stopped casting, the tiny Professor again returned to his chair, "Now you see how dancing is related to dodging.
It is all about foot work.
The faster the footwork you have is the better chance you have at avoiding a defeat in a duel.
I want you both to practice dodging at least 10 minutes a day where Mr. Potter-Black would dodge while Mr. Longbottom will cast and vice-versa.
Now the next thing is to conserve your energy.
You both are powerful for your age but that does not mean you would last forever if you have to fight back to back duels so it is important that you conserve energy in a duel.
Do not use a spell when you know it will be wasted by a shield or would be dodged.
Cast indiscriminately only when you think it is necessary or you do not want to give your opponent a chance to be alert against you.
Also do not use the same trick twice in a duel or in front of the same audience".
They both listened carefully as if he was delivering some religious sermon and wrote down everything.
They were really serious about the championship and wanted to win it at least once in their life-time.
Augusta had even encouraged Neville to try it at the next championship while Arcturus had told him that he should do what he wished to rather than following Arcturus's words.
Forfeiture of honour Lucius Malfoy looked up when he saw an eagle owl tapping on the window of his study.
With a flick of his wand, the window opened inwards and the eagle-owl flew inside and landed before him.
As he relieved the beast of its burden, it took flight again.
Lucius casually glanced at the letter and almost threw it on his table in fright as if his hand was burned by the Black Crest which was on the envelope.
Cautiously, he cast a detection spell to see if the letter was not laced with any obscure spell (The Black Family had been notorious once for killing three of their enemies that way).
When nothing special was revealed, he gingerly opened the envelope.
The letter was written in the scathing tone which Arcturus had used with him at the ministry.
"Lucius Malfoy This letter is written to summon you to a meeting to discuss the reparations which your heir has promised to make to the Heir of Black under his hand for forfeiting a wizarding duel and consequently your family honour.
You are here by summoned to 'the Olive King' in Diagon Alley this Friday at 06:00 in the evening.
Failure to turn up on your part will be construed as forfeiting your family honour to the House of Black and eternal shame to be yours as it is for your family on the continent.
Arcturus Orion Black Order of Merlin, First Class Lord of House of Black" Lucius finished reading the letter once and read it again frowning.
How the pretentious old fool thought to command him, a Malfoy to do his bidding.
He would show him.
However, the next moment Lucius stopped his train of thought.
Arcturus had staked the Malfoy Family honour on this meeting and by the way he wrote it seemed he had a decree signed by Draco for reparations.
What had the foolish boy done now?
How could he sign away the family honour to someone?
Was he really so dense as to have challenged the Black heir to a wizarding duel and not turn up?
He would have to set him right soon.
It was a pity he could not procreate more.
He would have definitely disowned Draco if there was another issue of his running around.
Lucius also wondered in that brief moment if the enchantments on the sorting hat were wearing off to have put his son into Slytherin.
He would set his heir straight when he returned from school for Yule.
In the meanwhile, he had no option but to go to this meeting and do as the old fool wanted or the Malfoy name would be mud.
All of his gold would not be enough to salvage it because the old fool had more.
A whisper in the night It had been a few days since the first lesson with Flitwick when Harry took it upon himself to explore the castle with Neville.
They talked with other students but weren't including others in their activities as of yet because half of their dealings involved Daphne and half of their activities were fairly mundane.
Harry had been able to persuade his prank associates to not talk about Daphne being his friend to anyone else.
When they asked, he told them to think of it as 'a long term prank' where they would have the last laugh whenever it came into the open.
This night Harry was taking a walk in the castle to find the secret entrances out of the school.
He wanted to know each of them so that they could go to the village without anyone being the wiser.
When they were passing the statue of the humped witch on the fifth floor, they heard whispers coming from the class room nearest the statue.
They carefully stepped over to the room and put their ears to the door.
Someone was in the room and by the sound of it was weeping, "My... My lord... Forgive me, my lord.
I promise I will be successful.
I will never fail you again, Lord Voldemort... " Neville gasped loudly but Harry had closed his mouth with his hand and dragged him away without making a sound.
They returned to the common room as soon as they could manage.
It was only after they were within the safety of the common room that Harry let go of Neville's mouth and Neville slumped into a chair while Harry himself sat in a chair with his heart thudding hard against his rib cage.
His mortal enemy was alive still and someone in the castle was working for him.
Lord Black would need to know of it.
That was all Harry could do and hope that Voldemort had not returned to a body again.
He also decided to try and find out who could be working for Voldemort.
It was a sure thing that none of the students were working for him because he had never used a student to do his dirty work.
It was a pity that he did not have the Marauder's Map on him at that moment because the twins had borrowed it.
He was a bit reluctant to part with the map but he had decided to let things cool down before striking again so he had given it to them.
A few days later They had also started to include Ron in things that they did.
Occasionally Hermione Granger joined them.
If Harry wanted some information that he was sure was in their books, he subtly would let her know by discussing the thing vaguely.
It was easy to get a rise out of her because she was always looking for a chance to read some new book or to find some new information and she was sure to rub it in their faces when she had the required information.
While others thought she was a know-it-all, Harry tried to be a friend to her because she was otherwise very secluded except for an occasional word from Parvati or from Lavender.
She tried to talk to others but even the Ravenclaws tried to keep their distance from her because she seemed to love to spout information whether it was relevant or not.
Ronald had seen them going out at times but was still not allowed to come with them because he was not applying himself to his studies.
Harry had plainly told him that if he finished his assignments in time, put his mind to his work then they would include him in their adventures.
The red-head was working hard to get their approval.
Classes were otherwise normal except for Quirrell who it seemed had started to suffer from nerves.
He was always edgy and often times, his eyes twitched as if he were getting some sort of seizures.
From what Harry had been able to learn through his stuttering, he knew what he was teaching but his classes were more of a joke than actual defense classes.
Even Moony had taught him more than this in anticipation to ready him for what he may face in his studies.
He had told him about the curse of the bogies (popularly known as the Bat-Bogey hex but did not show them the practical application), told them about imps and ghosts, and about curing werewolf bites (by a mixture of silver and dittany) so far.
Harry had no doubts that he was a grossly incompetent teacher who knew nothing practical about the subject he was supposed to be teaching.
Flitwick was very happy to teach them basic charms and he took his time with all the charms that he wanted them to know in their first year.
So far, he had taught them 'lumos' and 'nox', 'incendio' and 'alohomora' and was going to teach them some locking charms in the next few sessions.
He had also hinted at a test in the coming days and Harry was not really worried.
He had learned the theory part enough to know how he would fare in the test.
Transfiguration was good but Professor McGonagall was nothing if not thorough in her work.
She was still having them work on mouse to snuff-box transfiguration.
Harry had done the practical part and had asked Moony how he could appear productive in classes when he had finished his work already.
Moony told him to think creatively about the work like if they were supposed to be changing mice to snuffboxes then maybe he should try to get more detail into his work like it can be of a different shape, design, can have more compartments and so on.
Harry had taken his advice and tried to do as Moony suggested.
Snape had them brew two potions so far.
He had given 2 classes to ensure that they all could brew a decent cure for boils when he decided to move on to another potion.
He had tried to get a rise out of Harry a couple more times but most times Harry did not reply to his insults.
He had decided that Snape was not worth his time and would have stopped paying attention to him altogether if he had not gone after Neville too.
He had them brew the herbicide potion in class that day when he decided to ask questions of Neville.
Harry was working on his own potion and forgot to watch Neville.
Neville had forgot to add the flobberworm mucus and was proceeding to stirring it in 4 clockwise motions when Snape asked him, "Longbottom, what would I get if I forgot to add 2 blobs of flobberworm mucus to the potion as is required?"
Neville realised what he had done and said to him in a small voice, "It would be wasted, Sir".
Snape drawled, "5 points from Gryffindor, Longbottom for your inattention.
Perhaps if you did not sit with Potter-Black, you could concentrate better on your task".
Harry spoke up and said to Snape, "Professor, I trust you will also be taking points off Crabbe and Goyle?
Their potions are sticking to the bottoms of their cauldrons and will have to be scraped off".
Snape turned to him with rage on his face, "Do I have to remind you that I am the teacher?
I know what I am doing here.
5 points from Gryffindor for talking back to a teacher".
Harry seethed but decided to let it go for now.
There will be chances later.
For now going to McGonagall would be more productive because she would know how to rein Snape in.
Astronomy classes were pretty normal.
They weren't much fun but a perfect place to talk if Harry wanted.
Those classes ran late into the night.
He could have prolonged conversations with his fellow students without anyone noticing.
History of Magic was dreadful.
There was no other way to describe the experience.
Binns was horrible.
Harry did not even realise what he was talking about half the time.
Some of the students even dared to sleep in his classes.
Harry wondered if he and the other students played exploding snap, would Binns even notice.
Perhaps not.
Living in the tower was good.
Some of the housemates that he had come to know were truly great while some were stuck up ponces that he despised.
There was a second year McLaggen who was a braggart.
He seemed to brag as if he could do everything better than anyone else.
The boy had some skills and could be useful if it were not for his constant bragging and bullying.
He even had the audacity to try and tell OloWood how to keep the goals better.
The twins had pranked the hell out of him for that one.
The quidditch team was pretty cool.
The Chasers, who were all girls, fawned over him since he was the youngest member of the team.
They were also impressed with his abilities as a seeker and the moves that he knew.
All those matches that he had seen were finally paying off.
Ernie Macmillan, Susan Bones, Hannah Abbott were some good friends that he had made.
There was also Justin who was a muggle-born and laid back guy.
Harry had also met Cedric Diggory, a third year who was a seeker on the Hufflepuff team and word was that he was the best seeker at the school at the moment.
Harry was ready to test that theory and see for himself.
In Ravenclaw, most of them were his friends.
Some of them asked him about how he had done the prank.
Harry was not telling.
He himself did not know about it in detail and wanted to let it remain that way.
He had another thing on his mind to do- a day-out in the village.
It was on his to-do list for now and he was not going to do it by himself but was going to take others with him.
he had heard that the village of Hogsmeade was the only all-wizard village in England.
He wanted to see for himself what it was like.
Remus had told him so much that it was hard to contain his enthusiasm anymore.
Sure they would officially be allowed to go the village starting in their third year but that was two years away and there was no reason to wait until then.
He just had to ensure that no one found out about them.
A/N- I loved the reviews guys.
I absolutely love how you are showering so much love upon this fi.
cGonagall's Office Harry and Neville had decided to take up the issue of Snape taking points off them without any justifiable cause with McGonagall.
They did not want to go to Dumbledore so much because the Headmaster had so many other things to do.
Besides he generally was the pacifist while McGonagall had a fiery nature.
She would not take kindly to injustice or wrongful deduction of points from any student.
Minerva was grading assignments in her office when Neville and Harry knocked on her office door, "Professor, may we come in?"
She ushered them in, "What brings you both here?
I hope you have not been sent to me for detention for pulling a prank in class".
Harry shook his head, "No Professor.
We have a complaint about the unjust behavior of Professor Snape towards us".
"What do you mean Potter-Black?"
she asked.
"Professor, in our most recent potions class while we were brewing Herbicide potion, Neville forgot to add Flobberworm mucus and skipped a step.
He took 5 points off Neville while demeaning me saying that if Neville did not sit with me, he could concentrate better on his task.
When I redirected his attention to the sub-par performance of other students whose potions were not even salvageable, he took 5 points off me too for talking back to a teacher.
Professor we have been nothing but respectful to him in class.
He has been rude, disrespectful and unfair to us in return.
If this continues, I will have no other option than to address my concern to Lord Black.
He would not be happy with this turn of events".
Minerva pondered this for a moment.
This would be quite a reversal of the order of things, a student writing letters home, complaining about a teacher misbehaving.
Arcturus Orion Black was a nightmare when he was active before the war.
She was a few years behind him at Hogwarts and knew of his reputation in those days.
He was a person who would go to any lengths for those he called family and he was terrific with a wand.
She would have to do something before Harry decided to involve him in the fray.
She turned to the duo, "Take back the points he deducted from you two.
I will take this up with the Headmaster.
If he is being nasty to you let me know and I will deal with him".
YOUR HONOUR OR YOUR FRIEND?
Lucius was getting ready to go meet Lord Black to discuss what reparations he would have to make to have his family honour returned.
He had talked with Narcissa about what he might want where they had a big fight over Draco.
When he had tried to assert his authority as head of family over her she had waved it off.
That day, Lucius had called her into the Lord's Study and when she arrived, he told her under what conditions he had acquired the Regency over the House of Black.
Just after the war, after he had bribed his way clear of the death eater charges, using the Imperious curse defense, then he bribed his way into the regency using Draco's claim to heirship.
At the time, he told Narcissa that Lord Black was dead.
Now that the old fool had returned, he had no choice but to tell her the entire truth.
She heard everything he said and then asked him, "Did you know that Grand Father was not dead when you took the regency?"
He nodded, "My account manager had told me that Lord Black was not yet dead but I thought with no other heirs alive and Lord Black in hiding, Draco would become the heir so I took the regency".
She sighed, "Grandfather is a proud man Lucius and he does not take kindly to any subversion of his authority as the Head of family.
What you did was a violation of his perceives it as an attack on the family honour.
I cannot help you in this".
He nodded and then he showed her the letter, "There is more to it.
He sent me a letter yesterday.
What do you think he wants, dear?"
She read the letter twice and then said, "I see that he has staked Malfoy honour on this meeting.
What has Draco done?"
He sneered, "That idiot boy challenged the Black heir to a wizarding duel and did not turn up for it, thereby putting our honour at stake.
I had warned you not to coddle him with kid gloves and teach him what it means to be a Malfoy".
She seethed, "If I had brought him up like a Black, he would have been loads better than he is now.
You took a major part in bringing him up like yourself, Lucius.
Now I ask you again, what are you going to do about this meeting?"
He had calmed down a little by then knowing how her temper could erupt if he did not cool down.
If that happened, he did not want to be within miles of her.
"I have no idea what he will ask of me.
I have already asked my account manager how much gold I can lay my hands on in case he wants reparations in gold from us.
Meanwhile I want you to go to him and ask clemency.
While he despises me, he is likely to agree to your request".
She shook her head, "No Lucius, for your own good, I will not do that".
"Why not?"
he growled, "Do you not love your family and it's honour?
Why won't you go and ask him to drop it?"
She shook her head again.
Her foolish husband really had no understanding of how Lord Black's mind worked or how dishonourable his actions were.
She tried to explain it to him, "Of course I love my family but please try to understand.
If I did as you asked, it would only make things worse.
You have read the letter.
He has ordered you to meet with him to discuss terms.
He has also made it very clear as to what will happen if you fail to show".
She looked at her husband, directly in the eye, "You should not have even considered asking me to intervene.
He was not in favour of our union since the start but kept his peace because he figured that it would cause discontent because he did not object to Andromeda's marriage either.
He has not seen me once since I married you and I fear that if I press the matter more, he would kick me out of the family like he did to dear Bella.
I am proud of being a Black and would do nothing to endanger my position in the family".
Lucius flinched.
He remembered how they had been informed by the Lestranges that Bellatrix's marriage had been dissolved.
She was now a nameless witch without the protection of any house over her, not that it would have mattered with her being incarcerated in Azkaban.
A few days later, Lucius Malfoy arrived at the Olive King restaurant in Diagon Alley to keep his appointment with Arcturus Orion Black.
The serving waiter directed him to a parlor at the back and asked him to take a seat.
The Olive King was a new restaurant which catered to the elite of the Wizarding World and the prices there were high which meant only those of old wizarding families or those with lot of gold could afford it.
Arcturus had arranged for a private parlour for them beforehand by advance reservation.
Lucius knew that the reservations needed to be at least two weeks in advance and there was no way Arcturus would have had it reserved two weeks ago.
It was likely that Arcturus had paid a ridiculous bribe to get a reservation or maybe he just had so much influence that he could get what he really wanted.
In any case, meeting here on just a few days notice was a deliberate display of power and wealth.
He also had been thinking about what Lord Black could ask from him by way of reparations.
He had even asked his account manager to arrange for some extra in the way of gold in addition to 10 Million Galleons which was already available, just in case.
Arcturus left Malfoy to sweat for ten minutes before he came.
When he did show up, he had Sirius Black in tow.
They sat without even acknowledging Lucius's presence.
When Lucius did not stand in respect or bow to him, Lord Black growled, "Learn to respect your betters, fool.
I am still the head of your wife's house and your family's honour is in my hands.
Do you wish to lose everything which Abraxas Malfoy earned through the past decades?"
Abraxas Malfoy was Lucius's father who was a consummate Slytherin.
While he supported pure-blood ideals, he was more tolerant of half-bloods and muggle-born compared to his son and the death-eaters but that still did not mean that he would have ever warmed up to them.
He saw them as a means to an end rather than outright despising them.
Working earnestly he had made a reputation for the family in Wizarding Britain but had retired from social life about the time when the first Wizarding War was at its peak.
He had allowed his son to ascend to the position of the lord of the family and had removed himself from the social circles because his family was at loggerheads with most of his former allies during the war.
Abraxas and Arcturus were on speaking terms with each other courtesy of the Wizengamot where they had stood together at times in support of a motion or opposing it.
Lucius gave a jerky bow to him, "I apologize Lord Black".
Arcturus would have enjoyed bashing him some more but had other business to attend to today.
He had no more time to waste on this slimy git.
He had brought Sirius along because he wanted to appoint him as the Regent Lord Black.
Sirius could look after the affairs of the House since Arcturus was old anyway and could not work as actively as he used to.
Sirius was spending time with him learning the duties he would have as the house regent and of the family's position in respect to various subjects.
"I suppose you know why I have called you here when I cannot stand to see your face?"
Arcturus asked him.
Lucius drawled, "I am acquainted with the conditions, yes.
I believe that it was a child's jest.
We do not need to involve ourselves with it".
Arcturus barked, "Are you really such a fool or do you go to extra effort to look the part?
Have you not taught your son the first thing about being a pure-blood lord?
Do you teach your heir to jest around with wizarding duels when you know that these sacrosanct practices cannot be taken lightly and the rules governing them are inviolable?
May be I should just proceed to forfeit your family honour and tout you as Blood Traitors as your grand-father did to the Weasleys".
Lucius sweated.
If they were branded as Blood traitors, that would end everything for his family.
He hastily said, "I apologize again, Lord Black and I am ready to pay reparations in any form you choose".
Sirius who had been sitting quietly asked him, "And what do you have to offer which can be as valuable as your family honour?"
He looked at Arcturus who gave him a look so as to tell him to answer the question.
He said, "The Malfoy family Vaults have 10 Million Galleons at present.
I can procure more for your reparations".
Arcturus laughed evilly, "Gold?
You think I want your filthy gold?
I already have more gold than I will ever need, you fool.
Besides, you can earn it all back if your family honour is intact.
So, tell me, how can any amount of gold be worth as much as your family honour?"
Lucius averted his eyes, "What else can I do to make reparations then, Lord Black?"
Arcturus said to him, "You have built quite a rapport with the Minister of Magic, the bumbling fool Cornelius Fudge these past few years.
I want his head on a platter.
I am bringing a non-confidence motion against him.
You, along with all of your cohortswill support this motion.
You will arrange it.
At the last count, you had ten members in your block.
I want every one of them to vote in favour of this motion.
If you balk at the last moment, you will forfeit the last shreds of your honour.
When you have done your part, when Cornelius Fudge is no longer the Minister for Magic then and only then will I deem your debt of honour to be paid".
Lucius started to say, "Lord Black, what you are as" But his words were cut short by Arcturus, "I am not giving you a choice, you fool.
Do as I say and you will retain whatever honour you have left.
Try to reason with me and you will leave Wizarding Britain in shame".
Malfoy knew that his only option was to agree to Arcturus's demand.
All of the alternatives were repulsive to him.
The old man was right; the gold would have meant nothing to him in the long run.
But betraying Fudge and ordering him to hand over the Minister's head; that meant destroying a useful ally.
A foolish one true, but still a useful one.
What's more, taking this action would require calling in favours, answering questions, betraying trusts.
It would severely weaken his hold on both the Wizengamot and the ministry.
However for Lucius, the cost did not matter.
Lucius Malfoy would betray anyone; do anything to save his own worthless hide or dubious honour.
He would persuade, bribe, and threaten the members of his faction to support him in this motion.
Maybe he would have to sit down with Nott to make sure that the motion is carried.
The only dark spot on the horizon was that this would make him infamous among the members of the Wizengamot as a thieving back stabber who would knife the one who befriended him.
Lucius nodded to Arcturus, "This definitely goes against my interests.
It will also severely curtail my ability to do anything in the future.
But, if this is your price, I will do it, Lord Black.
Will you be giving the decree to me now?"
Arcturus looked at him as if he was something nasty, "Is something the matter with your hearing?
Are your brains addled?
Do you think I have gone senile in my old-age?
I told you that when Fudge is no longer Minister, then and only then will your debt be paid.
I will be hanging on to this decree until then.
Now be gone before my patience runs out with you".
Lucius hastily made his exit while Arcturus turned to Sirius, "How many of them are going to come today?"
Sirius, who had been handling his communication for the last few days, said, "As I remember, there are at least 10 lords who have agreed to come and meet with you today".
The first one to come was Lord Parkinson who was lord of the Ancient House of Parkinson and not very high on the social ladder.
House Black had loaned a large amount of gold to House Parkinson about a century ago and now Arcturus was asking for all of it back with interest.
Suffice to say, the coffers of House Parkinson were not deep enough to pay him back without going bankrupt.
He quickly agreed to do Lord Black's bidding whenever he asked of him in return for House Black not enforcing a decree for immediate repayment on House Parkinson.
To show his sincerity to the promise he even signed a parchment which contained the stipulation that House Parkinson would always help House Black whenever they required it.
It was a substantial sum that House Parkinson owed to House Black but it did not inconvenience Arcturus in the slightest if he did not get the gold back.
In return for the gold, he was getting Parkinson to support him whenever he wanted.
Similarly there were many of them who owed something to House of Black and he asked each of them to support him or repay the favours that House Black had done for them.
Needless to say, it was easier to promise to help him than to go against him and incur the wrath of House Black.
Unlike Cornelius Fudge who was an idiot, these people knew about the mean streak of vengeance that Arcturus Black possessed and they wanted to avoid being on the wrong end of it.
When finally the business for the day ended, Arcturus had signed parchments from the 10 of them who had turned up today.
Grinning to himself at his success, he returned to his manor.
Things were indeed good and he just had one more meeting to attend.
Something that he should do while he just may keep Harry Potter safe for all eternity.
Hogwarts Away from the king-maker moves of Lord Black, his heir Harry was meeting his friends for a day out of school.
He had invited many of them to join him and nearly all of them had expressed their reluctance at first but when he assured them that he had a way to get out of the school without being detected, many of them agreed.
When he told them that he would be paying the bills, many more agreed more quickly.
He had asked Corner and Turpin and they had agreed instantly to the idea.
They had vehemently protested when he told them that he would be paying for them.
Harry told them that if they wanted to pay for themselves, that was alright with him.
He had asked Terry Boot too but he had refused telling him that he had some work to do.
There were a few Ravenclaws he had asked but none of them had time off their schedules.
Ernie, Susan and Hannah had readily agreed to come to Hogsmeade with them saying they had heard good things about the village.
They would like to visit the village for themselves.
Waiting for third year was far too long.
Justin had taken some persuasion but had agreed.
In Slytherin, Daphne and Tracy agreed to it.
Daphne even dared him to refuse to let her do this.
Harry had bowed before her wishes while Neville was elated for some reason.
When Harry questioned him, he said that he was tired of not being able to speak openly with Daphne since they had come to Hogwarts.
The visit would give them a few moments of respite.
Including Daphne in their group meant that he could take nobody in Gryffindor.
Ron had some sort of problem with Slytherins so he may have caused a fuss over this while Hermione would have told on them to a teacher.
Dean and Seamus were on speaking terms with him but they were not close enough friends to merit him inviting them to this, not yet anyway.
He was yet to make friends with other girls in Gryffindor in his year.
They had chosen a Sunday so that they could make the most out of their visit and see as much of the village as they could.
Having seen the map, he knew they would be better off taking the route under the statue of the humped witch on the third floor which opened in the cellar of Honeydukes.
On the said Sunday, they met at the Ravenclaw table for breakfast sans Daphne and Tracy.
Deciding to meet on the third floor after breakfast, Harry went to find the twins who had borrowed the map.
While recovering the map, Harry called Moony on the mirror asking the marauder to recommend the best places to visit in Hogsmeade.
Remus told him in detail about the village and every attraction there.
When they all gathered for the visit in the room across from the Hump Backed witch, Neville was given the duty to open the hump and help them get in.
Harry kept an eye on the map while hiding behind a pillar so none could know about the map.
After Neville had finished sending the last one in, he hooted like an owl for Harry to come through and he jumped in closing the hump behind him.
When they were all in, Harry took the lead while they all made chit chat about what they would do once they were in the village.
As it generally happens, when you are in company, time passes very quickly.
Pretty soon, they were below the trap door in the cellar of Honeydukes.
Harry turned to them, "Wait for me here while I see if the coast is clear.
I will call for you when it is so".
They all nodded.
He pulled out his wand and cautiously peeked out sliding the trap door just a little.
The trap door was suddenly opened wide and a set of hands reached down to pull him up.
He panicked and cursed himself internally for getting all of his friends into a trap.
He tried to bite the hands holding him but was unsuccessful.
His wand and wand-hand were caught in such a position that he could not use them to free himself.
Below in the space, Daphne had shrieked when Harry was taken out all of a sudden.
"Calm down Harry", Sirius Black said, "We are just here to welcome you".
Harry did calm down when he noticed that Remus was trying not to laugh while another old wizard who he presumed was the owner of Honeydukes was looking amused.
After Sirius had set him down, the man asked him, "Is it him, Sirius?"
Sirius raised a finger towards him as if telling him to wait, "I will talk to you in a moment Ambrosius.
First let me get the others out".
He peered in the hole and said jovially, "Come out, come out my children, Uncle Sirius want to play".
His call was answered with a colour changing spell and a lumos somebody had cast inside the hidden passageway to his face, giving him a nasty green shade of skin and temporarily blinding him while others roared with laughter however Harry was able to persuade his friends to come out telling them it was safe.
After they were all out, Sirius turned to Ambrosius, "Ambrosius meet my godson, Hadrian Potter-Black the son of James Potter the marauder extraordinaire.
Harry, this is Ambrosius Flume, owner of Honeydukes.
He is one of our friends who allowed us to use his cellar for our nefarious activities when we were students.
At times, he even shielded us from possible detentions so, if you want to commit mischief then you had best be on good terms with him.
He will help you get away with almost anything".
Ambrosius extended his hand towards him, "it is a pleasure to meet you Mr. Potter-Black.
Your father and his friends were some of my favourite people.
They helped me a lot of times.
I hope you will continue giving your patronage to Honeydukes".
Harry shook his hand warmly, "The pleasure is mine, Mr. Flume, to have met the man who is behind the taste of Honeydukes Chocolates".
After shaking hands with the man, Harry started introducing his friends to them, "This is Neville Longbottom (Sirius looked at him curiously) in Gryffindor with me, Daphne Greengrass, Tracy Davis in Slytherin, Susan Bones (Sirius was amused), Hannah Abbott, Ernie Macmillan, Justin Finch Fletchley in Hufflepuff, Michael Corner, and Lisa Turpin in Ravenclaw.
Everyone this is my god-father Sirius Black, my uncle Remus Lupin and Mr. Ambrosius Flume".
The children were led up to the shop and to say that they were amazed would be an understatement.
There were shelves upon shelves of the most succulent-looking sweets imaginable.
Creamy chunks of nougat, shimmering pink squares of coconut ice, fat, honey-colored toffees; hundreds of different kinds of chocolates in different rows; there was a large barrel of Every Flavor Beans, and another barrel of Fizzing Whizbees, levitating sherbet balls with another wall of 'Special effect sweets and rows upon rows of sugar quills.
There was much more to see and Harry was sure that if they kept gawking at every display in the shop, they would be there for hours without ever leaving Honeydukes.
Sirius in the meanwhile, was asking them to fill their pockets with everything that they could think of or as much as they could carry.
Whatever anyone picked up, even to as much as they could see, Sirius told them to keep it and paid for it.
By the time Harry was able to tell him that he did not need to do so much to get his approval, Sirius had spent almost 100 G on their purchases.
Reluctantly, they left Honeydukes to go see other attractions of the village and the adults became their guides for the tour.
While they were passing through an inn called "the Hogs Head", Sirius turned to them and said very mysteriously, "If you are out of school without it being a Hogsmeade weekend, you would do well to stay clear of the Hogs Head".
"Why is that?
", Daphne asked curiously.
"Because Miss Greengrass, the bar keeper of Hogs Head is one Aberforth Dumbledore who just happens to be the brother of our illustrious Headmaster Albus Dumbledore.
He would not tell on you, but the Headmaster may be inside during any such visit and you would walk into it".
Everyone nodded as if he was giving them a lecture.
The next shop that caught their attention was Zonko's joke shop.
It was a fantastic shop which could help them to fulfil all their pranking dreams and had all sorts of joke products which they could use to pull their pranks in the future.
Everyone quickly filled their pockets with dungbombs and stink pellets which they were planning to use soon.
There was Scrivenshafts which was a shop for quill and stationery.
There were reams of parchment, big pots of ink in the shop and even books which they would need in their studies.
There was an obscure tea-shop called Madam Puddifoot's.
Sirius had them steer clear of the place saying that they would never need to visit it if they had some good taste in partners.
He showed them the post-office and the owls which were there.
There were big barn owls, eagle owls, small scoop owls and many others that they did not even know about.
Each was available for sending post depending on what they need to send and the duration of the trip.
After the marauders had given them a thorough tour of the Village, they ushered them into the Three Broomsticks and took a parlor upstairs.
The barmaid Madame Rosmerta shrieked when she saw Sirius and then hugged him crying into his shoulder for 5 minutes.
When she was done, she happily sent them up telling she would be bringing butterbeers and lunch for them in a moment.
When they were finally sitting in the parlor, Harry dared to ask what he wanted to, "How did the two of you know that we were going to be there?"
Sirius smirked, "You should not have come today.
When you called Moony, we were suspicious that you would be coming to the village we decided to come and check.
Since the cellar of Honeydukes is the only secret passageway which opens in the Village, we guessed you would be here.
You should have avoided coming today and come another day or may be asked him a few days in advance.
However I am glad you came when you did.
I wanted to see you for myself and meet your friends".
He turned to Neville, "So you are little Neville, huh?
Blimey you have become so big and you look so much like Alice.
She has the same round face, had baby fat at this age like you do and at times forgot things but she was a real sweetheart to those she loved.
Your father is a great man.
He was terrific with a wand and a true friend to us.
Did you know that you did your first bout of accidental magic when you were just born?
Your swaddling blanket was a little loose.
When Frank laid you in your crib; you shrank it to fit yourself and snuggled up comfortably.
I noticed that and tried to tell him but he just wouldn't listen.
That was a happy day and it doubled when Harry was born a few hours after you".
After Sirius was done rumbling, he swept his hand through Neville's hair fondly, "If you ever need the services of a prankster, Padfoot at your service".
After he had addressed Neville, he turned to Susan, "You are Edgar's daughter?
I could not be there for your birthday on the day when you were born because James and I were fighting in Sheffield to save a family of Muggles from Voldemort's death eaters.
When we returned to the Ministry, Edgar gave us the good news.
He was a great friend who at times had our backs and supported us through thick and thin at every step in life, whether as a student or as an Auror.
What I am surprised about is that you are raised by Amelia and yet you engaged in a prank?
What did she say?"
Susan was grinning, "Auntie said that she would set me straight the next time she sees me.
But then she has been saying that for ages now".
Sirius then turned to Harry, "I know pup you might be feeling that I am not giving enough attention to you but it is not so.
I came over today only to show you around the village and I am still waiting for the surprise which you promised me".
Harry hugged the older man, "Thanks Padfoot, for showing us around and introducing us to Ambrosius Flume.
He will be useful loads of times to us.
As for the surprise, it is only September last now.
You will have to wait for a few more days, I am afraid".
After they had lunch, Sirius led them back to the cellar of Honeydukes where Sirius told Harry that Mr. Flume would help him and his friends whenever he needed unless it was something criminal.
They all returned to the statue of the humped witch, bone tired but pleased with the day and everything that they had seen and experienced.
What they failed to notice was that two sets of eyes had seen them going out and coming back into the school.
The duel lesson For the second duel lesson, Flitwick decided to test their nimbleness and how quick they were on their feet.
If he was teaching them to duel, he was not going to just give instructions and let it be.
When they both had reported for the lessons, he asked, "What spell did you both practice this week?"
Neville replied, "Professor, this week we perfected Petrificus Totalus".
Flitwick nodded, "Good.
Now you will both cast it on me while I will dodge.
I will keep dodging for 10 minutes or until one of you manages to hit me whichever comes first".
Harry and Neville started casting at him relentlessly while the tiny professor kept dodging everything, moving with grace.
Nothing even grazed the folds of his robes.
He was that quick on his feet.
He weaved in and out of the way of their spells so quickly and gracefully that it was hard to believe.
After 10 minutes, they were not able to hit him even once.
When they stopped casting after 10 minutes, he raised his wand and said, "my turn".
Without warning, he started casting and they were almost hit by his spells.
They kept dodging him for a minute or two but Flitwick was doing more than they had done in their turn.
He was moving on his feet, keeping up with the movement of their feet while casting.
Often he cast where they would have been after dodging the last volley.
After 2 minutes, he sent a hex at Neville while he feinted to cast at Harry's right.
When Harry lunged left, he was met with a petrification hex.
Immediately he fell on his face, his hands and legs snapped close to his body which had gone rigid and he could only move his eyes.
Neville had abandoned all caution when he saw Harry falling and ran towards him.
Harry wanted to warn him but he could not move any part of his mouth.
Flitwick casually petrified Neville too.
Flitwick released the two and motioned for them to sit in their chairs.
He started speaking, "The two of you may have worked on it this week but you have miles to go before you can be ready to participate in the tournament.
Mr. Potter-Black fell for my trick and went in the direction I wanted him to go.
Mr. Longbottom showed great concern for his friend but he forgot that he is also being targeted and that he cannot help his friend without putting himself in peril.
He also forgot that the moment Mr. Potter-Black was petrified, he was out of the duel.
Therefore, Mr. Longbottom only had to pay attention to himself from that moment".
He then motioned for them to stand, "Now I will start casting will both dodge.
Remember you are only to take care that you are not hit by a hex".
They practiced 3 more times.
Flitwick got both of them every time.
Once they were both able to keep him at bay for a whole 4 minutes which was an improvement.
Flitwick told them to keep working on dodging.
He also showed them Vermillious (two more variations- vermillious duo and vermillious tria) also known as Red Sparks, an excellent spell for emergencies.
They knew it already but it did not hurt to hear it from the tiny charms master.
It was also useful as a minor dueling could be used to distract one's opponents.
They both knew that it would be months before Flitwick would even begin to teach them dueling properly.
First they would need to prove to him that they had what it took to become accomplished duel masters.
Poltergeist Pranked Harry had not forgotten how Peeves the poltergeist had told on him to Dumbledore.
Like Lord Black he was not one to carry a debt but settled it when he got the chance.
To that effect, he went out at times during the night under his cloak to find Peeves and prank him.
One night, looking at the map he found the Poltergeist hovering near the trophy room on the map.
Donning his invisibility cloak, he proceeded downstairs while keeping an eye on the map.
Peeves the poltergeist was trying to open one of the trophy cases which perhaps had been locked with some spells.
Harry watched him doing this for sometime before he shot a stunner at the Poltergeist.
Remus had told him that little spells like that could affect him and it was easy to hit him with one when he did not see you.
Peeves was considered a menace by most of the students and no one even attempted to challenge him so it was easy because he had caught Peeves unaware because he was careless towards other students.
As the spell struck and the Poltergeist fell down, Harry picked him up.
It was amazing to see that he felt pretty solid in that moment considering he had no body.
He dragged him up with him through the stairs to the third floor where the forbidden door was.
Dropping him in front of the door, he let out some cannon like blasts from his wand till he could hear Filch come running, shuffling and quietly made his escape from there.
There was nothing more that he could do to the Poltergeist but it was the best that he could do for now.
For a finishing touched, he lobbed the dungbombs around the corridor so Filch would think that the poltergeist had been lobbing them around.
May be Dumbledore would be able to punish him in some way.
He could hear Filch's jubilant triumph when he found Peeves passed out on the floor and in front of the door to the forbidden corridor no less.
Harry knew the caretaker was weaving dreams of grandeur around getting the Poltergeist expelled but he felt it was unlikely that Dumbledore would expel him from the school.
He had also thought about what the beast could be doing in a place like this.
He gave a thought to what it could be guarding.
He had no other clue to go on.
He did not even know if he wanted to find out what it was that the beast was supposed to be guarding.
The Greek myths said that the Cerberus of Hades guarded the doors of the underworld.
One of its duties was to prevent any of the souls from escaping back into the mortal world.
He did not know much about this kind of beast.
Maybe he could ask Professor Kettleburn, who was said to be obsessed with dangerous magical creatures and had even shown chimera to the students in the past years.
He did not know if he needed to meet such crazy wizards.
Harry had seen the man who had lost one leg, one hand and one eye to these beasts but was still obsessed with them.
He was also responsible for the Great Hall being set on fire by Ashwinder eggs during a dramatization of 'The fountain of fair fortune'.
He had not written to Arcturus about the whisper in the night yet because he himself was scared a bit and even had started to doubt himself if he had heard correctly.
Surely if he was back into a body, Dumbledore would have known about it.
He was one of the most powerful wizards and he had infinite ways to gather information which nobody else did.
He had conferred with Neville and they both had agreed that if something like this happened again, they would go to Arcturus.
There was no need to play the hero if they don't have to.
The next morning, he heard that Peeves was threatened with exorcism out of the castle if he continued to cause trouble like then, Peeves had been looking for the one who had got him in trouble with Dumbledore.
The Great Hall His group of friends was sitting in the Great Hall at the Hufflepuff table for breakfast.
Surprisingly Ronald had joined them this morning.
He had been doing this since he had managed to submit his homework on time in the past week for every subject.
He still was not doing any better in his practical lessons.
Harry had noticed that at times his wand movements were correct and his incantation was clear and yet the problem persisted.
What he did not notice but Neville did was that his wand looked battered with the unicorn tail hair showing.
He had pointed it out to Harry and they made an educated guess that perhaps his wand was not his own but a hand-me-down but there was nothing he could do about it.
Ronald Weasley was sensitive about his financial condition and would not have taken kindly to them poking their noses into his financial condition, no matter that they had the best intentions at heart.
All they could do was let him know about it at a suitable time.
Lisa who was sitting to his right, said to him, "Harry, it's been days since we pulled the last one.
How about we do another one now?"
Corner who was sitting with Hannah asked her, "Already bored Lisa?
I thought you said you never wanted to do it?"
Lisa made a sour face, "What I meant Corner was that I did not want to do a detention clearing a cupboard for Flitwick.
I did not know that he kept such massive tomes in his cupboard".
Everyone had a good laugh over it.
Then Harry said, "You all remember that we went off to the village the other day.
That we bought a sack of dungbombs and stink pellets each?"
Everyone nodded and he continued, "Let's use it on the Slytherins".
"How?"
asked Susan.
"We do not even know where their common room is".
He grinned evilly, "Leave that to me.
Suffice to say that a Poltergeist with a grudge is more dangerous than a rampaging hippogriff".
The deal Harry and Neville found the Poltergeist on the fifth floor in an abandoned room.
After making sure that there was no portrait around and there were no ghosts or students, Harry cautiously called him, "Peeves".
The poltergeist looked at him and sing-songed, "Potty, Potty, Potter" and started to float away when out of sheer desperation, Harry said loudly, "Peeves, we know who stunned you and dropped you on the third floor".
Peeves did a barrel roll, descended to their height and said, "Potty will tell Peevsie, yes?"
Harry smirked, "What will I get if I tell you?"
Peeves cackled, "Peevsie will make trouble for one who troubles Potty".
Harry gave an evil grin, "Remember your promise, Peevsie.
Now about those who stunned you, we over-heard the Slytherins talking that some of their numbers had stunned you and then dragged you to the third floor.
We did not get the names so it means that you would have to take your revenge on all of them at the same time".
Peeves shook his head, "Peevsie not doing".
Harry was stumped.
He had been counting on the Poltergeist to do it for him.
He asked cautiously, "Why?"
"Peevsie scared of the Bloody Baron", Peeves said, nervously and fidgeting.
Now that was a problem.
He had seen the Bloody Baron who looked surly.
The chains he wore and the blood on his robes terrified Harry, to be honest.
How could he ask a House Ghost to do him a favour?
Peeves maybe could do it at a time when the Bloody Baron was not out and about.
Harry suggested to him, "You can do it when he is nowhere near them and you do not need to do it in their common room either.
Do it when they are sitting at breakfast or dinner".
Peeves seemed to be contemplating what they were saying and Harry produced a bulging sack of dungbombs that he gave to the Poltergeist, "here is something to help you.
Give them hell, Peevsie".
Peevsie took the sack gleefully, soared into the air and floated out of the room singing at the top of his voice, "Where there is strife, where there is trouble, call upon Peevsie, he will make it double".
Neville said to him hesitantly, "you do know you could have named Malfoy, right?"
Harry shrugged, "Neville, Malfoy is a ponce and nothing more.
I will not go poking him unless he is causing trouble for me.
If I started tangling with him without cause, there will be no difference between him and me.
Remember we do everything for a bit of a laugh and nothing more".
Neville nodded, "I see what you mean.
But we will keep an eye on him, right?"
Harry nodded, "Of course.
He is our favorite Slytherin for a reason".
Dungbombs!
You stink, eww.
Peeves did not even wait one day.
That evening when the Bloody Baron was not present at the dinner table, Peeves took his chance.
Harry had asked his friends to join him at the far end of the Gryffindor had been a few raised eyebrows but nobody said anything.
As it was, Harry had decided to keep sitting at that end of the table until they were sure that Peeves had made his strike.
Sitting at the far end was also useful for them to talk without being overheard.
Susan asked him, "Harry why are we sitting at this table?"
Harry mysteriously said, "Don't want to ruin the surprise for anyone, Susan but you will have to wait and see".
Lisa said excitedly, "Ooh!
Are we going to prank the Slytherins?"
Corner hushed her, "Quietly Lisa.
You don't want others to hear and I don't need another detention so soon.
Father would banish me off the family tree if I am caught again".
They kept watching, eating dinner slowly and waiting to see if Peeves would strike that evening.
They noticed that the Bloody Baron was not there so there was a chance he just might unless he was afraid of Dumbledore.
When nearly all the Slytherin students were at their table, Peeves flew into the Great Hall and started lobbing dungbombs at the Slytherin table, cackling, "Nasty little blighters!
Troubling Peevsie!
You all will pay".
In the exuberance of the moment, he even lobbed a few at the adjoining Ravenclaw table.
When the dungbombs went off, the putrid smell spread in the Great Hall while students started running around in panic or to escape the foul smell.
Harry covered his nose and mouth with the sleeve of his robe.
His friends did the same.
They all mixed in with the crowd so that Dumbledore would not suspect them.
Snape had his wand out and roared, "Peeves!"
Peeves blew a raspberry at him and cackled, "Snivellus!
Snivellus!
Slime Ball Snivellus!"
The students looked on in horror as Snape's face colour changed rapidly from white to red to purple as his expression soured.
Harry was sure he was trying to rein in his anger and hatred of the name which his tormenters had given him during his time as a student.
McGonagall had her wand out and she was running forward with a curse on her tongue when Peeves decided he had enough for the day and flew out of the Great Hall.
Meanwhile, Dumbledore let out cannon like blast and spoke in a voice so loud that it reverberated above the din they were making, "All Prefects escort the students to your common rooms.
The dinner will continue there.
All the teachers report to the Staff Room".
Harry and Neville fell into a line behind Percy and walked back to their common room.
That night, the dormitories of the students and their trunks were checked for Dungbombs or any other contraband that would be useful for pranks but nothing was found for obvious reasons.
Harry had already told the twins what Peevsie would be doing and they had told him that they would need to hide all the contraband that they had.
It had been hidden behind the mirror on the fourth floor.
Nobody except them knew about it, so they could not be made complicit in the crimes.
Peevesie was not seen in the castle for a week after the incident.
Some said Dumbledore banished him, some said the ghosts chased him away, some said the Bloody Baron was after his hide but the truth was that Peevsie was hiding from the headmaster in one of the unused dungeons in the basement.
Harry just hoped that he would do what he had promised in return for telling him the names of the students who had stunned him.
I will rip your head off!
Daphne accosted him the next day in the library.
She had come to his table, tugged at his arm and stiffly jerked her head asking him to come out.
Neville saw this too and they both shrunk in their seats a little.
Daphne was furious and an angry Daphne was not good for their health.
They followed her at a safe distance and entered into a room behind her.
She locked the door with a locking charm.
Then she started thundering, "WHAT WERE YOU THINKING?
DUNGBOMBS!
I COULD NOT GET THE SMELL OUT OF MY NOSE FOR the ENTIRE NIGHT.
DUNGBOMB ON MY HEAD!
I HAD TO WASH MY HAIR TWICE TO GET IT CLEAN!"
Harry and Neville were amused with her rant but none of them wanted to say anything knowing they would provoke her further.
When they did not speak for 5 minutes, she snapped, "What do you two miscreants have to say for yourselves?"
Neville, courageous Gryffindor that he was, opened his mouth, "Daphne, what makes you think it was our doing?"
"Of course it..." she started to say before she stopped short when she understood what they were asking of her.
After a moment, she said in a small voice, "You mean to say it was not your doing?"
They both had the audacity to laugh at the expression on her face.
After a minute or two, Harry said, "Of course it was our doing.
We persuaded Peeves to throw the dung bombs.
Now before you get your dander up again, tell me why you are so angry?"
She sighed.
She could not get angry with those two anyhow.
Apart from Tracy, only these two knew her well enough to know when she was really angry or if she was just faking it.
"If you want to know then one of those dungbombs dropped on my head and the debris hit Tracy.
My hair has never been so dirty before.
I had to wash it twice".
Harry asked her, "What made you think it was our doing?"
She answered, "Snape was overheard telling that some student had given those dungbombs to Peeves who is missing right now, afraid of Dumbledore.
I remembered that you were planning to go after Slytherin next and I was there when you bought those sacks of Dungbombs from Zonko's so I would have to be a troll or something to miss the obvious".
Neville worriedly asked her, "do you know if anyone else has figured this out?"
She shook her head, "No.
Actually when our dormitories were raided last night, we did not have the contraband with us anymore.
We had sold it to some 5th year in my house who wanted to get her revenge on some of her year mates.
The contraband was recovered in her dorm and almost every house lost some points except Gryffindor.
I presume you warned every lion about it?"
Harry shook his head, "No.
We only warned the twins.
I suppose that they let everyone else know.
I seem to remember that they had brought a large haul to hide at our hiding place".
She arched an eye-brow, "Hiding place?
What is this place and why do I not know about it?"
"Well, a secret hiding place wouldn't be secret if everyone knew about it.
There is much that you do not know about us, Daphne", Neville said earnestly, "like one time a couple of Vampires bit us and they died".
She rolled her eyes, "Yeah, yeah!
You both are the vampire slayers.
Honestly, that's an old one.
Tell me about this hiding place".
"There is a mirror on the fourth floor which is an opening for a hidden passageway out of school.
Sadly, the way seems to have caved in so it is not useable except maybe as a concealed storage space".
She nodded, "Have you thought about what is beneath the trap door which the dog is guarding?"
Harry shook his head, "I have no and I mean no intention to go finding what is in there.
I have faced that Cerberus once.
I am not doing it again.
No one can force me to go down there even if they pay me all the gold that I have in my vault at Gringotts".
The truth was that Harry and Neville had been back to that door once or twice.
Heavy breathing, snuffling and growling was sufficient to tell them that the Cerberus was still there.
They had decided that there was no need to show courage in the face of the uncertain just because they were sorted into Gryffindor.
For some reason that Harry himself could not understand, he had not told Lord Black about the Cerberus.
There was nothing to tell about it except that he had wandered into the area where it was contained and lose more points and possible detention.
Let's join forces One night, the duo decided that it was time they did some exploring under the cover of night when they heard two people arguing.
They carefully walked in the direction where they heard the argument coming from.
As they turned the corner, they found that Quirrell was backed up against a wall and Severus Snape had a wand at his throat asking him in a low menacing tone, "What are you doing here, Quirrell?
It is not wise to go ambling about the castle in the dead of night, especially in the forbidden corridor".
He stuttered, "Se... Sev... Severus, what... what do you mean?"
Severus drawled, 'you might be able to fool others but not me.
I know what you are trying to do but I warn you Quirrell, don't try to cross me again".
Harry was trying to understand what was happening while Neville had pulled his wand out.
Harry lowered it with his hand, gesturing him to stay put.
He wanted to see what was going on.
Snape had released Quirrell by now, "Get lost now, Quirrell and pray that I do not find you out and about here again or you will pay for it".
Severus walked away to one side, while Quirrell slumped to his knees, crying.
Harry felt pity for the defense teacher and for a moment thought to go and console him but realized that they were out after curfew hours and would end up in detention despite their noble intentions.
They cautiously walked in the other direction with an intention to raid the kitchens.
They had only done it once since they started school.
They thought that they ought to do it and may be host a party in the kitchens after curfew hours.
That would be a right prank.
After filling their bellies, they decided that a walk through the castle might do them some good before they crashed for the night.
They walked in the direction of the north tower to find the twins hexing a Slytherin prefect with a stunner.
The prefect fell down like a sack of potatoes.
Harry walked out from under the cloak gesturing Neville to stay put.
"Fred, George what are you both doing?"
They turned to find Harry, "Oh hello, Harry.
We were just teaching him some manners".
"And what has he done to you?"
One of the twins said, "He made obscene gestures to Angelina during the day".
The other added, "When she complained, the greasy bat waved her off".
Harry was angry with the Slytherin Prefect but decided to deal with these two first, "And you openly attacked him?
What were you hoping to accomplish?
You will be found, given detention and may be a letter to home.
How does this count as revenge?"
Fred asked him, "What do you mean?"
"Simple.
He will tell the teachers tomorrow that you have both stunned him and you will be put into detention.
You should have taken your revenge covertly like I did with Peeves".
Their mouths were open in surprise, "You persuaded Peeves to do that?
But... but he does not take orders from anyone".
Harry smirked, "he does not take orders.
I was the one who stunned him the other day and then I told him that the Slytherins were responsible for it and supplied him with the dungbombs.
The rest as they say, is history".
The twins immediately started bowing to him, "You are the true heir of the Marauders!"
"How about we plan another one where he pays and we don't?"
Neville asked, coming out from under the cloak.
They planned a prank to be perpetrated a few days later because anything done now would have people pointing at the twins.
How about you fly?
Remus had taught Harry the levitation charm and told him that there were a few hovering charms other than the levitation charm but the levitation charm was the most preferred one.
The hovering charm which was most popular before the Levitation charm came into existence could keep a person hovering at a fixed height.
That is what they decided to use on the said Slytherin Prefect.
A few days after the incident when the twins were done with their detention, they stalked the prefect late at night after having learned from Percy about the Patrol Schedules.
On the second floor, where they cornered him, Harry who had been hiding in the shadows shot him with the blindfold spell, one of the twins disarmed him, Neville shot the hovering charm at his clothes making him hover in the air and the other twin shot a sticky charm at him.
When Neville ended the hovering charm, the twins decided to use the Glacius on him.
They needed the twins because they had not yet learned the Glacius and the twins had just studied it in their third year.
They used the charm only to freeze his bits off and not to cover him in ice from head to toe.
With their part in it done, Harry and Neville made a hasty and silent retreat.
After they were done with that and they were at a sufficient distance, Fred and George let out cannon like blasts from their wands till they could hear Filch coming and ran off.
Nobody asked the four of them about the Slytherin Prefect because there was nothing to connect them with the happenings.
A/N- So here it is, guys, Chapter 8 of this part.
I await your decision no.
ogwarts Two weeks had passed since they had attacked the Slytherin Prefect and there had been no pranks since then.
Academics were no challenge to them since Moony had been teaching them the basics for a year.
The twins asked them if they were planning a prank.
They denied it saying that there would be opportunity enough for that later.
For now there were secrets to unearth, witches to chase and friends to be made.
Meanwhile Ronald had started to become a part of their group with Hermione occasionally and Harry at times found it hard to lose them if he needed to.
Another thing which irked him was their behaviour towards each other.
They both constantly fought with each other, bickering and exchanging terse words with each other and they were both equally guilty.
Ron could be a prat at times, saying or behaving as he should not.
Hermione was condescending in her treatment towards others.
Often times she derogated others even if she was trying to teach them something.
They had their uses but if they kept it up, Harry was ready to shut them out.
He could move forward without them.
His plans were not so cast in stone that they could not be changed.
On the other hand, he had reliable friends in all the houses now.
He had also started making some inroads with many of the older students and most of them were courteous towards him.
Some were frankly curious about him while a few were downright hostile.
Harry knew that only the name of Black which he carried stopped them from acting against him.
Many of the older years however were friendly toward him because he had extended the offer of friendship to them.
He never used any words such as ally or talk business but extended an offer of genuine friendship.
What others did not know and he did not bother to correct was that he had it in mind to call upon them to honour their friendship with him when he wished.
Arcturus had also sent him a letter telling him that many of those who were in debt to House Black would do his bidding.
He was keeping most of them as a contingency although there was one he was willing to use to its full extent.
Pansy Parkinson was oath bound to help him when he asked due to her father signing the parchment.
He spoke with Sirius almost daily via the communication mirrors telling him with the Marauder telling him of their exploits, about his parents or how to get with witches and the like.
He also tried to send a gift a day to Harry but Remus had put his foot down telling him that Harry did not need to be spoiled.
he was a menace enough as he was.
Duelling Class In the last two weeks, Harry and Neville had perfected Stupefy.
They also worked on wide area stunners, always useful in a duel, a trick up the sleeve if you know how to use it.
Then there was the bludgeoning spell.
The Bludgeoning Spell was a non lethal spell.
the perfect one to use in a duel.
A well placed bludgeoner to the face could put down an enemy with ease thereafter; with quick wand-work victory could be assured over the opponents.
When they arrived for the lesson this week, Flitwick was there without the table or chairs where they were normally.
As they entered, Flitwick asked them without preamble, "What did you two learn this week?"
They replied, "Professor, this week we learned the bludgeoning spell".
Flitwick smiled, "That is good, Mr. Potter-Black and Mr. Longbottom.
Now it is time for us to see if you can cast it as well.
Today, we will be practicing duelling.
You both will duel with me on the other side.
We will not be using shields.
One who gets hit with the bludgeoning spell will be out of the duel."
As they both nodded, Flitwick raised his wand.
He started sending bludgeoners at them making them dodge in all directions.
The charms master was born with a talent for speed that made it hard for them to dodge his spells.
But it was no fun if it was too easy.
As he sent his spells at them making them run around, he taunted them, "Is that how you intend to win the duel championship?
By running around like headless chickens?
Be a man.
Face my wand".
From hard experience, Harry and Neville knew better than to stop dodging.
They were running in different directions trying to evade his spells when finally Neville got an idea.
Braving the spells coming his way, he finally reached Harry and whispered some words to him.
Flitwick could not make out what Neville had said.
The words had a visible effect on them as they both stopped running.
They turned to face him and that brought a smirk to Flitwick's lip.
The lads had learned the lesson he was trying to teach them.
Before he could send another spell their way, Harry and Neville started sending spells towards him one after another.
Since they were alternating their spells, there was no lull in their casting for Flitwick to go on the offensive.
He kept dodging them for 5 minutes before he noticed that the gaps between the spells were increasing.
He waited for 2 more minutes to see that it was not a trap before he took his chance.
With a swift flick of his wand, Neville fell like a sack of potatoes.
Harry started sending spells at the tiny charms Professor but Flitwick was enjoying it.
Harry was berserk and casting relentlessly while Flitwick patiently dodged him for another minute before he sent a spell towards Harry while he was still moving.
The spell knocked Harry down and Flitwick won the duel.
After they were defeated, he produced three chairs with a flick of his wand.
He motioned for them to sit.
After they made themselves comfortable, he asked Neville, "What did you say to him at that moment?
It must have been something to bring such a change in tactics".
Neville grinned, "I just reminded him Professor that we are on the same team.
we should work together rather than by ourselves.
That way, we will have a chance to win against you".
Flitwick nodded in appreciation, "That was well thought out, Mr. Longbottom however you both still lost.
Can any of you tell me why?"
Harry replied, "Professor, we kept up the casting for too long against you.
We were beginning to tire ourselves out.
If we had conserved our energy, then we may have stood a chance at winning against you".
Neville added, "After I was hit, Harry started to cast relentlessly which made it hard for him to dodge your spells".
Flitwick nodded, "Well pointed out, Mr. Longbottom.
For next time, you have to remember that your strength cannot last forever so you have to conserve it as much as you can.
Also as I have told you both so many times, try to use magic for everything you do which will help your core accommodate to the increased need.
Then you can last longer in a duel.
Also try to work in co-ordination with each other".
Do you play fetch?
One evening, Harry realised that he needed to talk with Daphne without fear of being found out.
He had carved to have a conversation with her as they used to when he was living in Black Castle.
So, he slipped her a message to meet him outside the Slytherin Common Room when they were in the library.
This was one of those rare chances when he met Daphne in the absence of Neville since he was in the Greenhouses, learning about a plant from Professor Sprout.
When he asked her about it, she raised an eyebrow, "How would you know where the Slytherin Common Room is?"
Harry smirked, "Perhaps we forgot to tell you, Daphne but we have a little beauty called 'The Marauder's Map' which is the most accurate map of Hogwarts to exist to date.
It shows everyone's position to me.
Add to that, I have Remus Lupin who was one of the Marauders.
He helped chart the map.
I know almost everything about Hogwarts".
She glared at him, "just when you were planning to tell me about this miraculous map?"
Harry shrugged, "We were not hiding it from you in the first place, Daph.
It just never came up while the three of us were alone, talking.
You know that we don't hide anything from you".
She nodded, "So what is the plan for tonight?
Surely you are not just making me get out of bed because you suddenly fancy a mid-night stroll?"
Harry shook his head, "I want to do exactly that.
Neville has turned me down twice.
He said that we would have lots of time for it later.
Another reason is that I have not properly talked to you ever since we came to Hogwarts".
She nodded, "So, will Neville be joining us?"
Harry sighed, "What?
Is my company not sufficient for you?"
Daphne shook her head, "I did not mean it that way".
Then with a flirtatious flutter of the eyes she said, "if you prefer, we can always arrange to keep Neville out of the way".
Finally it was agreed that they would meet after the curfew was underway.
They would take a stroll to the Astronomy Tower where they could spend a couple of hours without anyone disturbing them.
Harry patiently waited for everyone to go to their bed that night while sitting on his invisibility cloak in the common room, pretending to be engrossed in a book on defense.
A few of his friends asked him how he was or what he was up to but none of them stayed back when they saw that he was engrossed in the book.
However one, Hermione Granger, could not keep her silence.
She took the chair beside him, asked, "Harry, what are you reading?"
Harry did not speak.
He just showed her the cover and returned to his reading.
After 5 minutes of silence, Hermione huffed then went to find a book to read.
Harry did not respond to her.
When everyone was up in their beds, he donned the cloak.
Then he went downstairs.
He found the Slytherin Common Room without any trouble.
He found a couple of them who were leaving the common room to break curfew.
Perhaps to engage in some pranks.
He sorely regretted not having brought Neville with him or they could have stunned these students and left them for Filch to find.
Even Peeves was not around to ask for help!
He mentally resolved to give these students some grief some other day.
As he stood watching the entrance to the Slytherin Common Room, suddenly the door opened and Daphne exited the Common Room.
She was staying in the shadows, trying to find Harry near the entrance of the Common Room.
Harry stood to one side.
He kept watching her fumble in the dark in vain trying to find him before he decided to pull a little trick on her.
Silently, he walked up behind her and before she could understand what was going on, he had his hand clamped over her mouth and covered her with the cloak.
She was trying to shout and to bite his hand when he pulled her close.
He whispered in her ear, "Calm down, Daphne.
It is me, Harry".
She indeed calmed down after she realized it was him.
He took her by the hand and guided her towards the kitchens.
When they were on their way to the kitchens, Daphne asked him in a whisper, "How did you come into possession of an Invisibility Cloak?
Why do I not know about it?"
Harry whispered to her, "Wait for a few minutes.
I will tell you all about it".
10 minutes later, they were in the kitchens and her eyes were spread in wonder when she looked around her at everything in the kitchen from the utensils to the fire-place to the huge tables.
Most of the elves had retired for the night but a couple of them were still awake.
They rushed towards them, "What wes be doing you to Sir and Miss?"
Harry asked them, "May we have some dessert?
Treacle Tarts if possible.
And lots of it".
The elves ran to find the requested commodity.
He turned to Daphne, "The cloak is a family heirloom.
It has been in my family for generations but I only recently found it.
My father used it to wreck havoc in the school during his time here.
Now it will help me in the noble cause of Mischief Making".
She snorted, "You are perfectly capable of any mischief without it.
This will only help you more.
Now why do I not know about it?"
"Daphne, the existence of this cloak is a well-kept Potter family secret.
If word got out, I would be hounded with requests from numberless witches and wizards to see it, touch it or study it.
Besides, since I learned about it, we have not had enough privacy for me to tell you anything.
Nobody other than you and Neville know about it yet.
I will be grateful if you can keep it that way".
She smiled, "Of course I will, provided I can get my hands on this beauty at times".
"See what I mean?
No sooner do you find out about the thing than you ask to borrow it.
I will let you borrow it but you must make absolutely sure that nobody else has any way to find out about it.
I do not really trust too many people with a secret like this.
Remember what Lord Black says- Something is not a secret if a third person knows about it".
She raised an eyebrow, "Lord Black?
I do remember him trying his best to make you address him as Lord Black or Grand-father.
You never did so in his hearing.
What brought this change?"
Harry rolled his eyes, "You ask too many questions, just like Hermione Granger.
You both are too much like each other, nature wise".
She curtly said, "I am nothing like Hermione Granger.
She is a know-it-all who flaunts her knowledge just to prove that she knows everything.
I am not daft enough to do something like that".
Harry shrugged his shoulders, "We will see.
Right now, how about we start moving towards the Astronomy Tower?"
When they were nearing the third floor walking slowly under the cloak, Daphne asked him in a whisper, "Can you show me the Cerberus?"
Harry refused immediately, "No way.
I have seen him once.
That is sufficient for a life-time".
They were ascending the stairs to the fourth floor when it happened.
There was a commotion on the third floor and they saw Professor Quirrell being thrown away from the forbidden corridor on the third floor.
Daphne started to scream but Harry had clamped her mouth firmly.
Without making a sound, they returned to the third floor to find out what had happened.
They were curious as to who could have used a banishing charm on a Professor.
There was a niche on the third floor where perhaps a suit of armour stood once but now it was empty.
He and Daphne slipped into that niche and waited to see what would happen.
They did not have to wait for long before Snape came into their view coming from the direction of the forbidden corridor.
He had a menacing expression on his face, his wand levelled at Quirrell.
He spoke so softly that Harry could hardly hear him, "I warned you not to roam about Quirrell.
You are trying to know more than what is good for you.
What were you doing here?"
Quirrell was stuttering, "I. I. I was p. patrolling the corridors, Severus".
Severus drawled, "Patrolling?
It is not your turn to patrol tonight.
Do you want me to report you to Dumbledore?
I have warned you not to cross my path and consider this my final warning".
Harry silently pulled Daphne with him and they climbed up to the top of the Astronomy Tower.
Luckily there were no classes there tonight so they would not be spotted.
After locking the door from his side, Harry and Daphne sat together on the edge of the roof, dangling their legs, eating treacle tarts.
Daphne finally asked him, "What was that going on between Snape and Quirrell?"
Harry shrugged, "I don't know.
For some reason Snape or Quirrell is interested in the forbidden corridor.
The other one is trying to stop him.
I do not know who is who though".
She was looking at the stars in the sky.
She asked him, "Harry, can I ask a favour?"
Harry turned to her, "There are no formalities between the three of us, Daph.
You can ask whatever you want".
She asked, "May I get a chance to fly on your broom?"
He turned to her looking incredulous, "Of all the things in the world, you are asking if you can fly on my Nimbus!"
She nodded, "I have heard it is the best broom out there so I wanted to see it for myself".
Harry shrugged, "You did not even have to ask that from me, Daph.
You could simply order me to do it".
She grinned, "Then I am ordering you to take me to see the three headed dog".
He shook his head almost instantly, "No way.
Not doing that, Daphne.
I do not even know if we can tame it".
Daphne asked him, "Have you tried Obedience School with him?"
Harry snorted, "Daphne, he is not your Crup Max but a gigantic three headed Cerberus.
I doubt if he even knows how to play fetch, let alone doing Obedience School".
She however was unconvinced.
She called for her elf Kippy and asked the elf to bring her a big stick and a rubber ball.
When Harry asked her why she was asking for it, she told him she was feeling adventurous".
Knowing it could be fatal to Daphne, Harry accompanied her under the cloak.
When they reached the forbidden corridor on the third floor, Harry opened the door with the unlocking charm.
they entered one after another.
The Cerberus was sleeping.
He woke up instantly the moment he caught their scent.
It started to growl.
In a firm, commanding tone, Daphne said, "Sit".
The Cerberus looked at her as if she had come from another world for a whole minute not knowing whether to obey her command or not.
It was like it was trying to decide what to do.
Daphne meanwhile had taken out the ball and stepped forward towards it saying, "You will get this ball if you are a good boy.
Now who is a good boy?"
To Harry's amazement, the dog actually started to wag its tail before he went rigid again.
Daphne made the right choice in that moment and threw the ball his way.
He snapped it out of the air with one of its heads and the ball disappeared in the next moment.
Where it was gone was not clear but the growl which came from him unnerved both of them.
Harry started tugging at her sleeve, "Daph, let's go before we end up as dinner for him".
He did not know if they could make their escape in time.
To his amazement, Daphne had taken out the stick.
She was waving it in the beast's face saying, "You are a good boy, aren't you?
You want this stick?"
She deliberately threw it high into the air for the dog to catch.
While He lunged for the stick, Harry quickly dragged her out of the room.
Just before Harry closed the door behind them, they saw that the dog had snapped the stick in two.
He was rushing at the door perhaps to maim them.
Closing the door behind them, Harry threw the cloak over themselves so they would not be caught.
They kept walking downward towards the dungeons while Harry admonished her, "We could have been injured Daph.
Next time you have an insane idea like that, please tell me before you act on it".
She smirked, "Scared, Harry?"
He huffed, "I am not scared Daphne but I am not such an idiot that I would risk my life for idiotic things such as this.
This was totally unnecessary.
We learned nothing from this".
She admonished him, "We know now that the dog cannot be tamed by anyone.
Also the way it was guarding the trap door, I can bet that even a killing curse could not make it move away".
The Wizengamot It was time for the monthly meeting of the Wizengamot.
Arcturus had put all the pieces in their place on his chess board.
Now it was time for him to make his move.
At the time set for the session to begin, Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Close the doors.".
As the doors closed, he proclaimed further "Let the Wizengamot session for October 1991 begin".
After a few moments, he turned to the gathered members, "Is there any notice or announcement to be made by any of our esteemed Houses before we proceed to daily business?"
Arcturus stood up at his place, "Yes, Chief Warlock.
House Black has an announcement.
Sirius Orion Black is hereby appointed as the Regent for House Black until Heir Hadrian Potter-Black reaches the age of majority to take his place in this gathering of peers.
Furthermore, as I am the guardian of Hadrian Potter-Black by virtue of the last will and testament of Lord James Potter and Lady Lily Potter, it is within my right to appoint a regent to look after the daily business of House Potter.
I, by this authority, appoint Remus Lupin as the Lord Regent of House Potter until Hadrian Potter- Black reaches the age of majority".
Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Very well.
Are there any objections?"
Of course no one had any objections to this.
It was private business.
Arcturus was within his rights to make the appointments.
Dumbledore waited the required half a minute.
When there were no objections raised to the appointments, he rapped his gavel, "Very well.
Are Mr. Black and Mr. Lupin here?"
They were both present in the spectator stands.
They stood at their places.
Dumbledore turned to them, "Lord Arcturus Orion Black has appointed Sirius Black as Lord Regent for House Black and Remus Lupin as Lord Regent for House Potter.
Do you both accept?"
They both nodded, "We accept Chief Warlock".
Dumbledore motioned for them to take their places.
Sirius resumed his seat in the spectator stands while Remus moved towards the seat of House Potter.
Dumbledore turned to Elphias Doge sitting in the Potter seat, "We are thankful for the services you rendered to House Potter, Mr. Doge.
Now please vacate the seat in favour of one appointed by those in charge of affairs".
Elphias stood.
He shook hands warmly with Lupin before taking a seat in the spectator stands.
Lord Black stood again, "I have another announcement to make.
Henceforth in every session of this august body, House Black will sit in the Light faction".
This motion caused rumbling among the gathered members.
Nobody could remember if House Black had ever sat in the Light Faction before.
This would give another vote to the Light Faction directly and many others indirectly because House Black had been very influential since its inception.
despite changing sides, many houses from the Dark Faction would continue to support it.
Dumbledore turned to the gathering again, "Very Well.
Are there any motions to be made before we proceed to daily matters?"
Arcturus stood, "Chief Warlock, I request your leave to address the Wizengamot".
Dumbledore nodded, "Leave so granted, Lord Black".
Arcturus turned to the Wizengamot, "My fellow Lords and Ladies, a decade ago when we were trying to recover from the effects of a war which had almost destroyed our world, Cornelius Fudge the esteemed minister of Magic trampled upon the rights of a member of the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black and refused to grant him a trial.
The previous administration had denied this basic right to Sirius Black and Mr. Fudge refused my requests repeatedly.
He did not deign to grant my request.
In fact, he sealed the minutes of the tribunal proceedings and blocked all attempts to look into the matter for ten years.
Additionally, he violated my rights when he acted in connivance with Lucius Malfoy and appointed him as Lord Regent for House Black without my approval.
This is a blatant violation of our position, of our privileges.
He has also failed to lead Wizarding Britain into a better era than the previous one as he had harped on about when he was trying to become the minister.
Therefore, I bring a motion of non-confidence against the Minister of Magic, Cornelius Fudge".
Nicholas Greengrass stood, "And I second that motion, Chief Warlock".
Dumbledore smiled gently, "You are out of order, Lord Greengrass, but I will allow it".
Dumbledore was surprised with this turn of events.
He had expected some backlash for Fudge due to his violation of the rights of an Ancient and Most Noble House.
But to chuck the Minister for Magic out of office was certainly ambitious.
Now he was interested to see if Arcturus had the numbers to make it happen.
The Dark Faction was united behind Malfoy.
They would not vote against Fudge who was the perfect puppet for them.
The Light would be divided because Arcturus was from a Dark House.
The neutrals were never united on a single issue.
He rapped his gavel, "Very well.
Lord Arcturus Orion Black has brought a motion of non-confidence against the minister of Magic, Cornelius Oswald Fudge.
The motion has been seconded by Lord Nicholas Greengrass.
If anybody has to speak for or against the motion, they can do so before we move to vote on it".
As they were sure of having the numbers, Arcturus and his allies had decided not to speak.
The Dark was under obligation to Arcturus so they could not speak against him.
When no one spoke for a minute, Dumbledore rapped his gavel again, "Since no one is going to speak for or against the motion, we will proceed to vote on the motion.
All those in favour please raise your wands".
Wands from every faction went up which surprised even Dumbledore.
He had not expected it to be so one-sided.
Even most of his supporters from the light were voting for ousting Cornelius from his office.
He spoke again, "All those against the motion".
When the vote was finally tallied, there were 50 in favour of the motion while 30 were either opposed or not present.
Dumbledore turned to Fudge, "Mr. Fudge, we thank you for your services as Minister of Magic.
Please take a seat in the spectator stands in the meanwhile till we are adjourned.
Furthermore, Lord Black can prosecute you for violation of his rights, appointing a Regent without his approval.
Your dismissal from office would have no bearing on the consequences of the prosecution".
Fudge was in shock.
The reality of what had just happened to him seemed like a nightmare that he could not wake up from.
In one stroke, his career was ruined.
he was already gone.
It happened so swiftly that he did not even get a whiff of what was coming his way.
The thing which hurt him most was that his friend Lucius had voted against him on this issue.
He had favoured Lucius so many times.
Lucius stabbed him in the back when times were not opportune to him.
He swore to ensure that the Wizarding World knew of the infamy of Lucius Malfoy.
Dumbledore was saying, "Since there is no minister, we will now take nominations.
Are there any nominations?"
Augusta Longbottom stood, "I nominate Amelia Bones as the next Minister of Magic".
Lord Fawley stood, "I second the nomination".
Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Lady Regent Longbottom has nominated Madam Bones for the next minister of Magic which has been seconded by Lord Fawley.
Madam Bones, do you accept the nomination?"
Amelia stood at her seat, "Yes, Chief Warlock.
I accept the nomination".
Dumbledore turned to the Wizengamot again, "Are there any more nominations for the post of Minister of Magic?"
With a glare that Arcturus had sent Malfoy's way, Lucius decided not to field his candidate.
It was part of the deal that he would have to fulfil.
Otherwise House Malfoy would be dishonoured in Britain too.
He had to go through with it or move to Canada.
The old man could and would declare that the decree was not fulfilled otherwise and would forfeit his honour anyway.
It was better if he kept quiet for now.
When no other name was forthcoming for 5 minutes, Dumbledore declared, "Since there are no other nominations for Minister of Magic, Amelia Susan Bones, head of DMLE and Regent of House Bones is elected unopposed to the post of Minister of Magic.
Congratulations Minister Bones".
After she was elected, she took her place at the seat of the Minister.
She started addressing the Wizengamot, "I am thankful to the Wizengamot for considering me worthy of being the Minister of Magic, giving me a chance to serve our society more effectively.
I plan to work for the betterment of our society with co-operation from everyone irrespective of any classification which you might have drawn".
After she was done speaking, Dumbledore rapped his gavel, "Does the minister of Magic have any announcements to be made before we move to daily matters?"
Amelia stood, "Yes Chief Warlock.
Firstly, I would like to appoint Rufus Scrimgeour as the head of DMLE.
Secondly Gawain Robards as the head of Aurors succeeding Rufus in that position.
Also, the DMLE has started an investigation into allegations regarding the conduct of the erstwhile Minister of Magic.
we have received concrete evidence of his being involved in corrupt practices.
as such, he is being injuncted from leaving the borders of Wizarding Britain pending the outcome of the investigation.
We will release details regarding the investigation only after the trial, if any, is complete".
The session was ended soon after when the daily matters were dealt with.
Dumbledore was about to leave for Hogwarts when Arcturus stopped him, "Dumbledore, may I have a word?"
Dumbledore nodded, "Certainly Lord Black.
When would it be convenient for you?"
Arcturus calmly replied, "You are invited to the current seat of House Black located at #12, Grimmauld Place tomorrow evening for dinner.
There are things that you need to know.
I have already invited Amelia to it.
There are steps we must take so that our society will not fall back into the chaos of war".
Dumbledore raised an eyebrow, "It would be preferable if you could speak clearly, Lord Black but no matter, I will present myself at the seat of residence of House Black tomorrow".
You pelted me with dung-bombs?
A few days ago the twins had caused mayhem just outside the Great Hall in their pursuit of pranks.
They had peppered the Slytherins with dung-bombs when they were coming to the Great Hall and they had not been caught.
Since then Filch had been trying to catch the mischief makers but had been unsuccessful so far.
Harry and his friends were also wary of the caretaker and had decided to abstain from pranking for a few days.
It was not their modus anyhow.
One evening when Ernie was coming to the Great Hall, he walked into a scene where some of the Slytherins were bombarding the caretaker by peppering him with dung-bombs.
By the time Filch was able to look for them, they were gone and he found Ernie to be the one on the spot.
Before poor Ernie understood what was happening, Filch clapped hands on him.
Filch sneered, "So You thought it would be great fun to throw dung-bombs at me?
Let's just see if what comes next is great fun too.
I will have you expelled for this.
Oh I so wish I could hang you by your thumbs then whip you".
Ernie was vehemently protesting but the caretaker was not ready to hear anything.
It would have been a nightmare but for Professor Flitwick who stopped the two of them.
He asked Filch, "Mr. Filch, where are you dragging him off to?"
Argus still sneering, replied, "Professor, he was throwing dung-bombs at me".
Ernie vehemently protested, "Professor, I did not have any dung-bombs with me.
It was some other students I know nothing about.
I was just in the wrong place at the wrong time".
Flitwick stopped him with a gesture of his hand.
He turned to Filch, "Mr. Filch, did you see him throwing dung-bombs at you?"
Filch replied, "No Professor but he was the only one there".
Flitwick asked further, "Did you check his pockets or his hands to see if they were covered with grime from using or handling dung-bombs?"
Filch hesitated answering, "No Professor".
"Then I am afraid you cannot detain him like that, Mr. Filch.
Unhand him this moment and apologise to Mr. Macmillan or I will be forced to report your conduct to the Headmaster".
Filch released Ernie's hand from his grasp.
He mumbled, "I apologise for my conduct".
Flitwick turned to Ernie then, "Now run along, Mr. Macmillan.
Curfew starts in 10 minutes".
The next morning, Harry chose the Hufflepuff table for breakfast.
They sat there eating breakfast when Ernie came up to him.
He said urgently, "Harry, I need your help".
He had been listening to something Susan was saying but the bit of urgency in Ernie's voice attracted his attention.
He turned to find the other boy looking angry.
He asked in his most calm voice, "What happened, Ernie?"
Ernie retold everything about what happened last night, what the caretaker had done.
When he was done retelling, Harry's mind was made up to do something about Filch and the students that had tried to frame Ernie, but not today.
He turned to Ernie, "Look mate, he will get his reckoning.
Let's not do anything right away.
I don't want to give anyone, especially Professor Flitwick a chance to connect his repayment with you.
You know what they say, Revenge is a dish best served cold".
Ernie grinned evilly, "Alright mate.
You do this for me and I will owe you one".
Neville cautioned him, "Don't say things like that to him lightly mate.
You don't know what he may ask in return".
Just then the owl mail started coming in.
a barn owl landed before him carrying his copy of the Daily Prophet.
Harry untied the newspaper and spread it out while noticing that there was total silence in the Great Hall.
It soon became clear that the news story covering the first page was the reason.
"MINISTER OUSTED FROM OFFICE By Jane Fraser The regular monthly session of the Wizengamot for the month of October 1991 turned out to be a power show by the Houses.
In a blatant display of their powers, they ousted the Minister of Magic Cornelius Fudge from his office.
Business for the day started out with the recently returned Lord Arcturus black appointing Sirius Black as the Lord Regent for House Black.
Also in his capacity as Guardian to Hadrian Potter-black, also known as The Boy Who Lived, he also appointed Remus Lupin as the Lord Regent for House Potter.
In a surprise move, Lord Black next announced that House Black would now sit in the Light Faction as opposed to its historical stance of sitting in the dark faction.
When it was time for motions, in an unprecedented move in the session of the Wizengamot yesterday, Lord Arcturus Orion Black of the House of Black brought a motion of non-confidence against Mr. Fudge which was supported by Lord Greengrass who is the de facto leader of the Neutrals.
Surprisingly the Wizengamot was together behind this move by Lord Black.
Here I would like to remind our readers that recently Lord Black was heard vowing to have Mr. Fudge's head for usurping his rights.
we are of the opinion that this was a vendetta on his part against the erstwhile Minister.
When the Chief Warlock invited the members to speak for or against the motion, not one member of the Wizengamot spoke to support or oppose the motion.
Since the motion was one-sided from the start, the motion passed with 50 voting in support of the motion while 30 either voted against or abstained from voting.
With Mr. Fudge being ousted from his office, the Chief Warlock called for nominations and Lady Regent of House Longbottom Augusta Longbottom nominated the erstwhile chief of DMLE Amelia Bones which was seconded by Lord Fawley.
In perhaps another historic moment, Amelia Bones was unanimously elected to office after none of the factions fielded a candidate against Madam Bones.
In her first act as Minister of Magic, she promoted Rufus Scrimgeour as Head of DMLE and Gawain Robards to the position of Head Auror.
She also revealed that investigations were underway into Mr. Fudge's conduct and as such, he is injuncted from leaving the borders of Wizarding Britain with Lord Black still having the right to prosecute him for usurping his rights.
Mr. Fudge was quoted as saying, "For all the service that I rendered to the Ministry of Magic, I have been duped by the Wizengamot.
I have been betrayed by those for whose welfare I acted".
We tried to get comments from the Minister or Lord Black but we were unable to reach them before this edition went to print."
After he was done reading, he turned to Susan to find her looking at him.
She had a sly smile on her face, "So, it was Lord Black's doing?"
Harry shrugged his shoulders, "I don't really know, Susan.
His mind works in mysterious ways".
Neville who was sitting with him said, "Of course it was his doing.
He is a shrewd person.
a Slytherin through and through.
But he could not have done it without Madam Bones's help".
Counsels exchanged When Albus Dumbledore arrived for his meeting with Lord Black, he found the current seat of residence of House Black to be the opposite of what he thought it would be like.
He had thought it would be a gloomy, dark, musty townhouse openly displaying its allegiance to Slytherin House full of Dark Magic objects but contrary to his line of thought, the Townhouse was well ventilated, there were no signs of allegiance with House Slytherin and there were certainly no dark objects spread throughout the house.
The townhouse had the aura of a house well lived in.
Sirius greeted him at the entrance of the Townhouse, "Welcome Headmaster.
I am happy to see you here today".
Dumbledore beamed at him, "Sirius my boy, it is exhilarating to see that you are doing so well.
It is indeed a pleasure to see you in the bloom of your health again.
This takes off a little of the burden that I carry when I think about your illegal incarceration".
Sirius waved him off, "That is water under the bridge now, Albus.
I know you would have got me out of there if you could.
We cannot bring back what is lost so we should focus on what is ahead of us".
Sirius led him to the meeting room where Lord Black was sitting in an overstuffed arm-chair like the one he had at Hogwarts while those meant for visitors were simple wood backed chairs like the ones Minerva preferred.
His eyes twinkling, Dumbledore whipped out his wand.
He conjured his favourite chair out of thin air then took a seat.
Arcturus smirked at this display of power and could not avoid making a comment, "Showing off under my roof, Albus?
I know you have got style but was it necessary to put on such a display?"
Dumbledore graciously smiled, "I am partial to this kind of chair, Lord Black.
They are comfortable for old wizards like us".
Sirius snorted, "Old?
You?
I can bet you can do the waltz if the need be even now".
Arcturus growled, "Alright, alright Sirius.
We are here to discuss an issue of importance, to ask questions, to exchange counsel about things which are of importance".
Dumbledore nodded, "Then what are we waiting for?"
Arcturus called, "Travistor".
His loyal elf Trvistor appeared bowing to him, "You called, master?"
He turned to the elf, "Travistor, please bring me the cider wood box engraved with the Black crest.
It is kept in the drawer of the table in the Lord's study".
The elf disappeared with a pop and he turned to Dumbledore again, "There are things of vital importance to be discussed so I am waiting for a couple more people to arrive".
As the elf re-appeared with the box, they heard the floo activating twice in rapid succession.
Amelia Bones entered the meeting room followed by Augusta Longbottom.
Dumbledore was incredibly confused now.
What would Augusta Longbottom, the Regent of a family as light as Longbottom have to do with House of Black?
In fact, it was the descendants of House Black who were responsible for the condition of Frank and Alice Longbottom.
He however decided to keep his peace for now.
He would try to find the connection later.
He also wondered for a moment as to why the Minister of Magic was acting so favourably towards Lord Black.
Then he realised that perhaps Arcturus had become part of the Great Alliance when he shifted from Dark to Light.
It also made him realise that Arcturus was the architect behind the downfall of Cornelius Fudge and then the rise of Amelia Bones as the minister.
A lot of things had happened under his nose and he had been none the wiser.
He would have to keep his eyes and ears open in the future.
By this time, Augusta and Amelia had taken their seats and they were joined by Sirius and Remus.
Arcturus looked at everyone in their turn.
After a few moments, he started speaking, "What I am going to tell you all today is of an extremely sensitive nature.
I cannot proceed to say a word more unless I am given some form of assurance that none of you will ever speak of this to anyone else".
Amelia, who was the Minister now was concerned that any such promise may conflict with her duties, asked, "What form of assurance are you seeking Lord Black?
You do know that I am the minister.
I cannot give my word to conceal anything contrary to the public interest".
Arcturus took a deep breath before he started to speak again, "Amelia, the piece of news that I have to share is so important that if the wizarding world were to know about it then there would be mass hysteria and panic.
That is the reason I am asking assurance from you all.
I assure you that you would do anything in your power to keep it under wraps once I am done telling".
Dumbledore who had been noticing Arcturus's facial expressions, his hand movements guessed that it was too sensitive a topic to bicker about.
He turned to Amelia, "Minister Bones, I think we should give an assurance to Lord Black because there are only a few things which have ever troubled him in his life".
Amelia sighed then turned to Lord Black, "Can you give me just a hint of what is to come so that it may make it easier for me to decide if I need to give an assurance or not".
Arcturus gave an evil smirk, "So, if you want a sneak peak then listen closely.
LORD VOLDEMORT IS NOT DEAD.".
Dumbledore's reaction had been neutral.
He was just a bit surprised that Arcturus knew of it but he already knew the truth about Voldemort's death.
He was only interested to know how Arcturus knew about it.
Amelia had stifled a cry from escaping her throat.
Such horrible news and the old wizard had thrown it out like that for them to hear.
Augusta had gasped in shock but controlled her features quickly.
Sirius knew about it from Remus so there had been no reaction from him about it.
Amelia took some time to compose herself before she started speaking, "By Merlin's Beard, Lord Black.
You should not speak of such things so abruptly.
I can understand how much panic this news could cause so I agree to take a Magical Oath to not disclose this to anyone".
Arcturus turned to Dumbledore, "You do not seem surprised by this revelation, Albus?"
Dumbledore who was looking grim now, said in a slow, calm voice, "When Voldemort was vanquished at the end of the previous war, I had realised that he is not dead.
I have been trying to find what became of him.
As far as I have gathered, he is living as a wraith, barely surviving but not quite dead.
He was injured at that time and it took him a lot of effort to be able to function once more.
I think I know what kept him alive despite being hit by his own rebounding killing curse".
Arcturus smirked, "So, you are not as naive as you would have us believe.
I do not think for a moment that one firmly entrenched in light would have known these things like you.
You do know how the dark works, I presume".
Dumbledore smiled, "Lord Black, you are very perceptive.
Yes, I have had my run-ins with dark magic over the years.
First it was Grindelwald now it is Voldemort, both of them Dark Lords, well adept in Necromancy".
Amelia turned to Lord Black, "Pardon my intrusion.
Unless you both explain things to me I do not think I will understand anything".
Arcturus turned to her, "Before I start narrating what I know as a certain fact, I want some answers from Albus here.
I will also need a magical oath from each of you to not discuss what we are going to talk about here unless we have agreed that others need to know about it".
There was no question that they would not agree with what Arcturus asked of them.
They each took a magical oath to that effect.
Arcturus turned to Dumbledore, "Albus there are some questions I need to ask of you to fill in the gaps of the knowledge that I have.
Are you amenable to answer them?
Do remember that you cannot keep any secrets in this matter".
Albus nodded, "I can see the time to keep secrets is past, Lord Black.
Ask your questions".
Arcturus took a deep breath while contemplating the questions to ask.
He had a lot of them but he could not go about throwing them out left and right.
He turned to Dumbledore and asked the first question, "What made James and Lily Potter go into hiding?
Did it have something to do with Neville Longbottom too?"
Albus smiled, "You do not beat around the bush, Lord Black.
Since I have agreed, I will answer the questions the best I can.
Shortly before Neville and Harry were born, I was interviewing a candidate for the job of Divination teacher.
I did not personally favour divination, but the candidate was descended from a reputed Seer.
Out of courtesy I agreed to give her an interview.
I met her in the Hogs head.
It was clear from the start that she did not have the gift.
I was about to leave when she went into a trance.
Then she gave a prophecy.
The prophecy concerned Voldemort and a child who would be born at the end of the seventh month.
I will not tell you the contents of the prophecy but it said that Voldemort would choose his nemesis.
There were some other qualifications and going by them, there were only two children who would fit the bill.
They were Hadrian Potter-Black and Neville Longbottom.
Unfortunately, a death eater who was snooping around the inn, in hopes of getting some news, heard the first part of the prophecy before the bar-keeper caught him listening at the door and threw him out.
He rushed to tell Voldemort about what he had heard based on the half-knowledge, he chose Hadrian Potter-Black as his nemesis.
Since I knew the whole thing, I alerted the parents of both children about it.
I bade them to hide until the threat was over.
Taking my advice James and Lily, Frank and Alice went into hiding.
Alas!
I did not know that James and Lily would be betrayed by one they trusted.
Voldemort's act to attack little Harry on that Halloween sealed the connection between them marking him as his nemesis.
I had hoped to save all of them when I advised them to go into hiding.
It ended up that I could not save any of them".
Sirius who had been sitting quietly then turned to Albus.
He growled, "Why did you not tell James plainly about the prophecy?
If you did, he might have taken more precautions for his safety".
Albus did not lose his grand-fatherly demeanour, "Sirius, when I learned that because of the prophecy, that Voldemort was hunting the Potters and the Longbottoms, I rushed to Potter Manor to Lord Charlus Potter.
I told him about the gravity of the situation and he called James and Lily.
They were told about the prophecy, the threat it posed and they took a magical oath to never tell about it to anyone else unless I permitted it.
I did the same with Frank and Alice.
They knew what they were facing when they went into hiding".
Augusta asked him, "What became of the Prophecy?
Does it mean that he will actively look for Neville still?"
Dumbledore shook his head, "No.
He had chosen Harry.
At that moment, the sword of Prophecy hanging over both their heads had shifted to Harry solely".
Remus asked what they had missed, "What became of the death-eater, Headmaster?
Was he caught and punished?"
Albus took some time to answer that question, "No, I knew of his identity but he ceased to exist after the first war".
Arcturus growled, "Where is the prophecy now?"
"In the Hall of Prophecies in the Department of Mysteries from where it can only be removed from that place by either Voldemort or Hadrian Potter-Black", replied Dumbledore.
Then Arcturus asked, "When did you know that Voldemort was not dead?
Do you know about his origin?"
Amelia turned to Albus, "Answer his questions, Albus.
I have a feeling that we have just started to scratch the surface".
They noticed then that she had a note-pad opened before her with a dicta quill hovering over it, recording every word which was being said.
Albus closed his eyes, collecting his thoughts for a few minutes while others sat watching him.
After a minute or two, he opened his eyes and started speaking, "Voldemort is not his real name.
It was just a made-up name he had taken after he left Hogwarts to appear mysterious, to impress his followers.
He is not a pureblood either.
He is actually a half-blood.
He was born of the union of a squib and a muggle.
His real name is Tom Marvolo Riddle.
His mother was a daughter of the House of Gaunt, the last descendants of Slytherin.
They were famous for marrying among their cousins, in addition to being known for their trait of insanity.
The Gaunts lived near the village of Little Hangleton where they had just a squalid shack to call their own.
They had squandered their gold generations ago.
Merope, his mother, took a shine to Tom Riddle, son of the Riddle Family who were landlords in that area.
Since she was a squib, they treated her like filth.
They constantly degraded her.
Merope's brother, Morffin was sent to Azkaban for muggle bating and attacking ministry officials along with her father, Marvolo was also sent to Azkaban for attacking a ministry official when he came to serve a summons on Morffin to his hearing on the charge of muggle baiting.
With her father and her brother gone, Merope had found some freedom, and perhaps some confidence that came with being free at last.
To fulfil her desire, she brewed a love potion".
Dumbledore deliberately took a pause to see how the others would react.
Amelia was horrified at where this was going, "Do you mean to tell me that she actually fed a love potion to the muggle".
Dumbledore continued grimly, "I am sorry to say, she did exactly that.
How she did it is beyond my comprehension but she had bewitched the poor muggle and they eloped.
About a year later, Tom Riddle returned to Little Hangleton without his bride telling people that she had bewitched him.
By this time, Marvolo who had been released from Azkaban perished because he did not know how to care for himself and also perhaps in sorrow for the loss of his family heirloom".
Sirius asked, "What heirloom?
And why did the love potion stop working?"
Dumbledore took a pause before continuing, "I do not really know why.
I guess that Merope who had started to love him stopped feeding him love potions thinking he would reciprocate her feelings but he did not.
It turns out she was pregnant when he left her.
When he left, she lost her will to live.
Later that year, she turned up at an Orphanage in London on a dreary winter day where she gave birth to a child.
She lived only long enough to name him Tom after her husband and Marvolo after her father.
He remained there until he received his Hogwarts Letter.
Even when he was little, he realised that he was different from others.
He had some uncommon powers.
He used those to bully others into submission before him.
When he arrived at Hogwarts, he was sorted into Slytherin almost instantly.
I did not realise his family heritage until later".
When Dumbledore took a pause in his narration, Arcturus asked him, "You said nothing of the Heirloom which Merope supposedly had".
Dumbledore shrugged, "That is because I have a feeling that the heirloom has nothing to do with what we are discussing here today".
Arcturus barked, "Let me be the judge of that".
Dumbledore shrugged, "As you wish, Lord Black.
The Gaunts were the last descendants of Slytherin so they had inherited the famed necklace of Slytherin.
Sometime during the time when Merope was fending for herself, she sold it to Borgins and Burke who paid her only 10G for it".
Arcturus was flabbergasted, "Those cretins!
They paid a paltry sum of 10G for that priceless artefact?"
Amelia hushed him.
Then she turned to Dumbledore again, "How did you realise that Voldemort is not dead but only vanquished?"
Albus adopted a scholarly demeanour, "What I am going to say now is mostly guesswork because I do not have concrete evidence to support my statements but my guesses are generally correct.
Shortly before the war ended, I was trying to document Tom Riddle's life, collecting as many memories as I could find about his family.
I came across a memory from Bob Ogden who was the ministry official who was sent to serve the summons on Morffin.
In his memory I saw Tom Riddle Senior and I made the connection that he was his father.
In his younger days, Voldemort looked very much like his muggle father.
Marvello showed off the Slytherin locket which Merope was wearing and an ancient ring which I know to be a Peverell family heirloom.
I also have a memory from Caracutus Burke where he is shown buying the locket from Merope.
I have another memory from an elf who was bonded to the House of Smith.
She was convicted for accidentally killing her mistress Hepzibah Smith.
Before her death, she was in possession of two artefacts that used to belong to the founders.
They were Slytherin's locket and Hufflepuff's cup.
After her death, neither of these priceless artefacts could be found".
Amelia gasped, "You mean that Hepzibah was killed by someone else?"
Dumbledore nodded, "Yes.
Tom Riddle had been an extraordinary student at Hogwarts and was selected as the Slytherin Prefect and obtained 12 OWLs in his fifth year at Hogwarts.
He went on to be Head Boy in his seventh year and later went on to work for Borgins and Burke.
He was a daily visitor of Hepzibah shortly before she was murdered.
I believe that Tom murdered her and took both artefacts".
Arcturus was connecting the dots.
He waited for Dumbledore to finish before he presented his story.
Dumbledore continued, "Lastly, I have two more memories.
One from Morffin where young Tom Riddle was seen visiting him perhaps in his quest to find his ancestry.
Shortly after his visit, all the Riddles were found dead in their house.
Morffin was carted off to Azkaban to serve a life sentence for the murders.
I visited him there and performed Legilimency on him.
I found that his memory had been altered and he had not murdered the muggle family.
When I unearthed the real memory I found that Tom had visited his uncle.
It is very likely that he killed his father and Grand Parents.
He framed his uncle by doing the murders with his uncle's wand.
Then he left after altering his memories".
The cries of shock and repulsion were not unexpected for Albus.
Sirius was shouting, "I would have killed such a demon child when he was little.
He is a monster".
Dumbledore pacified all of them, "Let me finish all I want to say.
I have another memory from Horace Slughorn, former Potions teacher at Hogwarts.
In that memory, Tom is seen wearing the Peverell ring.
He asked a question from Slughorn which confirmed my fears".
Arcturus did not want to ask the question which he knew someone else would ask but chose to do so anyway, "What did he want to know?"
Dumbledore grimaced, "He wanted to know about Horcruxes".
Sirius gasped while Amelia asked dumbly, "What is a Horcrux?"
It was Arcturus who answered, "A Horcrux is the vilest form of soul magic where one keeps a piece of his soul in a container safely tucked away from the world so that he cannot die.
It was invented by Herpo the foul in Ancient Greece and it is one of the vilest things that one can do".
Augusta asked him in morbid fascination, "How do you break your soul into pieces?"
Albus answered, "By committing the most heinous of crimes, murder.
Murdering someone without remorse in cold blood is the only way to break one's own soul into pieces".
Amelia asked him, "If Voldemort has created a Horcrux, then how will he die?"
Arcturus answered, "There are two ways to destroy a horcrux that I know.
One is with Basilisk Venom.
The other is by Fiendfyre".
Albus eyed him suspiciously, "You seem to be quite knowledgeable about Horcruxes, Lord Black".
Arcturus barked, "Did you forget Dumbledore that I am a Black?
One of the darkest families in Wizarding Britain.
There are magics more dark than this contained in the books of my library however I never tried to go near these books until it was imperative for me to do so".
Albus asked him suspiciously, while fingering his wand in his cloak, "What made you look for them then?"
Arcturus emptied the contents of the box on the table, "Because unlike you I have destroyed three of his horcruxes".
This revelation felt like a bomb dropped on the people gathered in the meeting room.
Albus was first to find his voice, "Three?
That was the only thing I could not find out, the number of his Horcruxes.
Are there more?"
Arcturus growled, "There are at least 3 more of the fowl things.
I don't know if he managed to make another one after he was reduced to a wraith.
If he did, there may be as many as 4 of them out there leaving the wraith form".
They were stunned.
They sat in silence for many minutes before Albus found his voice again, "I think we need a plan of action to follow now".Hogwarts Harry was getting a good idea why his team mates called Oliver Wood a maniac.
When the entire school wanted to hide in the castle away from the rain, Oliver booked team practices.
For two nights out of every week, the Gryffindor team went out in torrential rainfall to practice.
When Harry groaned about it, the twins told him to shut it, saying that if Oliver heard him, he would make them work double.
As it was, he had already made their life hell two nights a week for the last two months.
The first match of the season was coming up and Harry was getting excited for it.
As was tradition, the first match of the season would be Hufflepuff versus Ravenclaw.
Harry was in a bind as to who he would choose to support between them.
Meanwhile, Slytherin was not going to get his support but he was not heartless enough to taunt them.
He decided that he would be neutral to them unless they tried to turn boos and jeers towards him when he was playing against them.
If they did, there would be no stopping then.
Besides as it was tradition, Gryffindor versus Slytherin was always the most charged up match of the season.
The adrenaline was always high, the excitement beyond comprehension.
Before his first match was Halloween.
Sirius had asked him if he wanted to visit Godric's Hollow.
Harry had to regretfully refuse because there would be classes during the day.
He did not want to show off as if he was being given some preferential treatment by being allowed to leave classes when others were attending them.
As it was, he was already putting on a power show almost on a daily basis in the Great Hall.
Whenever he came downstairs, half the Gryffindor house was behind him.
Many of the claws joined them on the Fifth floor where the entrance to the Ravenclaw tower was situated.
It had become such a common sight now that it no longer caused any excitement among the students.
Many of the teachers still smirked at the sight, except Severus Snape who seemed to have a sneer as his default expression.
They met Daphne several times.
They told Neville about what they had discovered with the Cerberus in addition to what Lord Black was doing to the wizarding world.
In the two weeks since she assumed office, Amelia was after Fudge and his cohorts.
They could not send Fudge to Azkaban for financial crimes, but they sure could fine him.
They could collect the amount by seizing his assets.
With the amount that the ministry was looking at, it was clear that Fudge would not have a knut left after the Ministry was done with him.
There had also been a revolting bit of news published in The Daily Prophet sometime during the last week.
It had been another nail in the coffin for Fudge.
"Ministry Witch found in possession of Class- B Non tradeables In a raid conducted by the Aurors in the office of the Senior Undersecretary to the Minister of Magic, Dolores Jane Umbridge, she was found in possession of Class- B non-tradeable artefacts in the form of a handful of blood quills.
She was arrested promptly.
The quills were sent to the unspeakables to be examined.
They have concluded that at least 10 wizards had been forced to use them.
Here I would like to remind our readers that a Blood Quill is classified as a dark object.
It is banned for use by ordinary witches and wizards.
Its only legitimate use is for the Goblins at Gringotts.
Anyone found in possession of a blood quill can be sent to Azkaban for a year in the minimum security wing.
The punishment of incarceration in Azkaban is one year for a single use of it .
.
if a person forces another to use a blood quill, they would be liable for incarceration to Azkaban for at least a year.
We can safely assume that Madam Umbridge is looking at a number of years in Azkaban under the care of the Dementors.
She will be presented before the Wizengamot in a week's time when a few other matters have been scheduled to be heard..." You like the whip?
It had been a week since Filch had manhandled Ernie.
Harry felt that it was time that they avenged the insults done to him.
Ernie had heard Filch complaining that he was not allowed to use whips.
They were planning to use exactly that.
True it sounded cruel but if Filch could dream of using it on students, the students could definitely use it on him.
There were a few problems with this line of thought however.
It was a given that it would require magic to be cast.
Magic required wands.
Wands would leave a trail to follow which would be easy for Dumbledore to do.
They needed a way to cover their tracks.
They had learned that lesson last time when Dumbledore had caught them in the prank.
They were not going to make the same mistake twice.
Reluctantly, Harry had asked a marauder for help.
He asked Sirius about how they could conceal their magical signature.
Sirius said, "In a day or two, I will have a contraption ready for you that will conceal your magical signatures.
You also need to learn 'deleterius' which could erase a wand's memory of the recent spells cast.
so, if someone had it in their minds to check your wand through priori incantatem, they would get nothing".
Harry and Neville were looking for ways to learn 'Deleterius' while Padfoot had sent them silver rings which looked like nothing more than silver bands.
With one tap of a wand, they would activate and conceal their magical signatures.
Harry had requested that Sirius not let Moony know about those rings or the werewolf would surely interfere.
For the deletrius spell, they tried to manipulate Professor Flitwick.
Harry had asked him what the deleterius charm did.
When the tiny professor wanted to know why he was asking, Harry had given a made up story saying that he had heard about the term from some senior year and was curious about it.
Flitwick, adopting the air of a Professor, had started to explain the term to them, "Deleterius is a charm often used by Aurors and Officials of the ministry.
It is used to erase a wand's memory .
.
to erase the list of spells which it has cast recently.
A few more sophisticated wizards like Dumbledore can get it undone but that is a complex magic.
Generally it is not taught to anyone except law-enforcement authorities.
If you are interested in the incantation and the wand-movement, I am sorry but I am not the wizard you want to ask that question".
Harry and Neville had been disappointed when Flitwick refused to teach the charm to them and decided that they would have to learn it by themselves.
That night, they conducted a raid in the restricted section of the library.
Thanks to their recon a few nights ago, they knew where the charms shelves in the restricted section of the library were.
They found the required book with little trouble.
The only troubling bit for them was to ensure that it was not laced with any alert charms or anything else, to alert others that someone unauthorized was touching those books.
It turned out that there was no such safeguard for that book.
After a two hour careful study of it in an unused room under the invisibility cloak, they found the charm and learned the wand movement.
Neville, the always smart guy had written down everything about the charm before they returned the book to its shelf.
It took them only an hour before they were able to perform the charm.
It was pretty simple.
Anyone could learn it so it was clear that the only way to keep it away from others was to keep its knowledge secluded somewhere that one would not wander to.
The next thing on their to-do list was a custom job of getting a whip charmed to act with a spell.
For this, they remembered that Sirius had told them that Ambrosius Flume would help them should they need it.
With a quick trip to Honeydukes, Mr. Flume sent them to Zonko's who could do the custom job that they wanted.
When they had made all the preparations, they entered Filch's office by stealth.
They stood under the Invisibility Cloak waiting patiently for the caretaker.
The moment he opened the door, the whip was activated followed by a silencing charm from Neville.
For a whole minute, Filch kept hopping from place to place trying to escape the whip.
Even then, he had got 10 lashes irrespective of the fact that they would not leave lasting marks on his back.
The caretaker's limping and grimacing the next day was enough to convince Ernie that they had avenged him.
It was distasteful but the caretaker would have done the same or worse to a student if he was given the chance.
Perhaps with that lashing, he would remember the lesson before he thought about doing the same to a student again.
Next up was taking care of the Slytherins who had attacked the caretaker with the dung-bombs in the first place.
Harry had a good idea of who they were.
A quick consult with Daphne confirmed it.
They could not resist bragging about how they got Ernie into trouble when they got back to their common room.
Of course, the dung-bombs and framing Ernie were not the only reasons for getting at the Slytherins.
There was also the upcoming Quidditch match.
According to the twins, it was a tradition, if not a moral imperative, to intimidate, prank and disable as many quidditch players as they could before the match.
The Snakes certainly would.
But before the match could happen, was Halloween.
Duelling Classes Duelling classes were getting interesting.
They had learned the Knockback jinx and the Smokescreen spell in the previous weeks when they were supposed to be practicing spells out of the book which Flitwick had given them.
The spells were simple yet effective.
They would be highly useful in a duel.
True to their word, they had not told anyone that they were being coached in duelling by Professor Flitwick.
Not even Daphne knew about it.
They had done it intentionally because Flitwick had told them if a third person found out about it, he would cease training them.
Since they had started training, they had noticed the difference between themselves and others.
They were still miles behind the Charms Professor yet they were getting better than their classmates.
Their wand-work was getting better.
The spells that they had learned, they could cast them very effectively.
In fact, they were better than many second year students already.
They would only continue to improve with time and practice.
Flitwick only duelled with them occasionally.
For most of their practice, he put them with dummies.
The dummies were perfect for practice.
That way, the Charms Professor could make corrections if he observed that they were doing anything wrong.
When he duelled with them, he was always able to defeat both of them.
They were getting better at dodging but they were still nowhere near the level they needed to be to defeat him.
That would be a long road.
It would take a lot of training and talent.
Flitwick himself was thinking of new things to include in their training now that they were near perfecting all the spells contained in the book he had loaned to them.
His reputation in the ring had been because he could combine charms and transfigurations in the duel.
His flexibility and ingenuity had always surprised his opponents.
He had never taught duelling to students, certainly not to first year students.
But he knew that they knew enough transfiguration to use it effectively in a duel.
Puff versus Claw It was Saturday October 26.
The day dawned crisp and clear.
This was the day of the first Quidditch match of the season.
Harry was excited because this would be the first time he saw the game played at school.
This was his chance to see what the players of two of the other teams were like and see how they stacked up against the professional teams he had seen over the past few years.
Even though the houses of Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff were generally on good terms, there was some banter in the great hall at breakfast.
Slytherin had dominated the house Quidditch tournament last year so nobody really gave Gryffindor much of a chance in their upcoming match against them.
The snakes, thinking themselves to be the dominant ones, didn't bother to go to extra lengths to harass the lions before the match.
Sure there was some rivalry between them but it was nearly non-existent this year.
May be if Gryffindor succeeded in crushing them thoroughly, there would be some excitement the next year.
On the morning of the match, everyone was sitting at their own tables because it was an unspoken rule that students chose to sit at their house tables on the day of the match.
Harry was sitting with the Quidditch team.
Oliver was assessing the players on the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, marking those he thought could be a threat to Gryffindor in the next term when they played against them.
Harry did not know the players on the other teams but Oliver was giving a running commentary to him so that he would get to know each of them by their names.
They started with Hufflepuff since they were sitting adjacent to the Gryffindors.
The team captain was a seventh year, Tamsin Appleby.
He was one of the chasers.
According to Wood, he was a fine player who could fake out even the most determined of keepers.
The other two chasers were Cadwallader and Linda Chaddesley.
They were 3rd and 4th year students who were fine in the field.
Their beaters were 3rd year Luke Cholderton and 7th year Gwendoline Jones (rumored to be scouted by the Holyhead Harpies).
Despite their small size, they could hit the Bludger very hard and true.
Their keeper, James Tintwistle, was another fifth year who had retained the position for the last 2 years.
Their Seeker was Cedric Diggory who was held in high esteem by them.
Even Oliver admitted that he was perhaps the best seeker at the school at the moment.
The Ravenclaws likewise had talent scattered throughout the team.
The only players Harry identified were Roger Davies and Cho Chang.
Roger was a chaser in his 3rd year.
Cho was their seeker.
She was a very pretty Asian girl in her second year at Hogwarts and had made the team just this year.
Harry had sometimes seen her with Cedric Diggory out in the grounds.
Wood introduced the players to him one by one.
Their captain was the keeper, a 7th year student named Andre Egwu.
He played as a reserved player until the last year.
The beaters were 6th year Robert Hillard and Eliza Taylor, a 7th year.
The other two chasers were 4th year student Marcus Green and a 6th year Lucas Wildsmith.
As they were watching the other teams, Harry asked Oliver, "Who do you think will win the match?"
Oliver gave his professional opinion, "I do not know Harry.
I think that it will be a close match.
Both teams have some new additions this year.
It will be quite interesting to see how it will play out.
I assume that the team which has the best seeker will win because most of the time, the game is tilted by the seeker".
Harry shrugged, "Then Hufflepuff has as good as won the match already".
Angelina asked him, "What makes you think so?"
Harry leaned in close.
He said conspiratorially, "I do not know if you all know it or not but I have seen the Ravenclaw seeker making googly eyes at Cedric Diggory".
There were looks of disbelief and surprise followed by smirks and giggles.
The twins, ever the entrepreneurs, turned to their house-mates, "If you are speaking the truth, we may as well make a pretty galleon out of it.
How many of you are willing to bet on Ravenclaw, that Cho Chang will take the Snitch from Cedric Diggory?"
No one was a taker for their bet but they were not disheartened.
They went to find other takers for the bet.
By the end of the day, they were sure to have parted some of the students from their galleons.
When they were all moving out to the grounds to see the match, Ernie came up to him, "Harry, who are you supporting?"
Harry could have said Hufflepuff but Lisa and Michael chose that moment to ask the same question.
Harry was in a fix as to who to support.
At last, choosing wisely he decided to support no one telling them that he had friends on both sides.
That he would rejoice every time a goal was scored and he would groan in disappointment for whoever lost the match.
There had been no rain for the last two days so the weather was clear, the ground was hard.
It was a perfect day for a Quidditch match.
The twins' friend, Lee Jordon, provided commentary for the match.
"Welcome to the first match of the season.
As is customary, this is the match between Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw.
There are some new faces on both teams as some of our Quidditch players graduated last year and there were some changes because new talent made a great showing at try-outs.
Here come the Ravenclaws: Agwu, Robert Hillard, Eliza Taylor, Marcus Green, Lucas Wildsmith, Roger Davies and Cho Chang".
After a few moments, he announced the arrival of the badgers, "Here comes the Hufflepuffs flying in a straight line towards the Quidditch pitch.
Appleby, Cadwallader, Chaddesley, Cholderton, Jones, Tintwistle and Diggory".
He took a moment before he started speaking again, "I can see Madam Hooch coming to the field with the crate".
Madam Hooch flew to the center of the field lugging the crate.
She barked instructions at the teams, "I want a clean game with no cheating".
She beckoned the captains forward, "Captains shake hands".
After a warm handshake she kicked open the crate.
The balls flew upwards while the teams took off and flew to their positions.
When the keepers reached their goal posts, she gave a mighty blast on her whistle and hurled the Quaffle into the air.
Lee launched into the commentary, "And they are off!
The teams are really fighting it out there for possession of the Quaffle.
Appleby comes up with it.
Some brilliant flying there.
He's dodging everything they can throw at him.
The Ravenclaws are finding it difficult to stop him.
He dodges a Bludger, two chasers.
He feints to the right hoop.
Egwu fell for it.
It's a goal!
10-0 for Hufflepuff".
Harry was watching the game being played and was thoroughly excited.
For him, the bright red ball was nothing but a distraction.
What he was watching was the Seekers, Cedric and Cho.
He wanted to see how they performed.
It was imperative for him to see their performances so that he could know what he was pitted against.
So far both of them were flying around keeping an eye out for the golden ball.
He returned to the commentary.
"Green is charging down the pitch with the Quaffle, dodges a Bludger.
Ouch!
Chaddesley collides with him.
That's a foul.
Yes, there's Madam Hooch.
That's the whistle.
Penalty to Ravenclaw for Blatching.
Chaddesley takes it.
He is going for the middle hoop.
No, he feinted... went for the right!
That's a goal.
It's all tied up at ten all".
Harry noticed Cedric flying to one side with Cho in hot pursuit.
Harry tried to see if Cedric had spotted the snitch but it was not there.
Cedric was feinting for Cho.
Just then a Bludger came out of nowhere whacking him in the ribs.
It made him wince.
Harry felt scared that Cedric would fall off his broom but the Hufflepuff managed to hang on to his broom.
"Diggory takes a Bludger to the ribs from Jones.
He didn't see that one coming, folks.
He is wincing but He seems to be OK!
Cadwallader has the Quaffle.
The chasers are in the hawkshead attacking formation.
They are passing the Quaffle between them!
Agwu has a hard time trying to keep his eye on the Quaffle!
It's Appleby, Chaddesly, Cadwallader.
Again to Appleby who has thrown the quaffle through the hoops.
Agwu comes out of nowhere to make the save!
There's some confusion.
Madam Hooch has blown her whistle.
The captains are discussing it with her.
That's a penalty to Hufflepuff for Flacking.
Appleby takes it.
With a powerful throw, the Quaffle is clean through the hoops.
that is 20-10 for Hufflepuff!".
Harry wanted to ask Oliver's opinion on the game but he was so immersed in it that he did not hear Harry calling him 5 times.
Harry turned back to watch the game.
In the next 20 minutes, the game went evenly between both teams.
The score was 60 to 50 when Cedric started climbing sharply.
Cho was behind him but she was slow in spotting the snitch.
Cedric was about to close his hands around the snitch when it started to descend.
Doing a barrel roll, Cedric closed his fingers around the ball.
The stadium exploded in cheers for the Hufflepuffs.
Hufflepuff had won 210 to 50.
Horror Halloween The day of Halloween started gloomily for him.
Every year it was a day when he was sad.
Nothing could cheer him up.
He had spent those years in Black Castle away from Wizarding Britain.
To mourn James and Lily Potter, Samhain (the wizarding equivalent of Halloween) was not celebrated with all the pomp and grandeur for which the House of Black had been famous in the previous years.
Harry knew the traditions and celebrations associated with it though.
Cassiopeia had ensured that he knew of his traditions.
As it was, he and Neville had made some preparations for celebrating Samhain in their own private celebration before the feast.
Harry had no intention of attending the feast but he could not risk being missed by taking his meal in the kitchens.
He would be singled out by Dumbledore who would find him.
As it was, he never wanted to talk about it to anyone except his friends.
When he got up in the morning, he was not in a mood to reply to anyone's questions or to make small talk.
He got ready as soon as he could manage while Neville waited for him.
When they were ready, they came down before any others could join him.
He did not even smile for a moment.
It looked like someone had taken away his energy to smile or to work.
They sat at the Gryffindor Table for breakfast when it was their turn to sit at the Ravenclaw table.
all of his friends were sitting there waiting for the duo.
When Harry made no move to go over to the Ravenclaw table, Isobel McDougall came over to their table.
She slipped into the chair beside him.
She said jovially, "Good Morning Harry".
He off-handedly replied, "Good Morning Isobel".
It was such a cold reply that she was puzzled.
She asked Neville, "Did someone whack him on the head that he is so downcast?"
Neville quietly replied, "Today is Halloween".
She began to ask but stopped herself when she realized what he meant.
Instead she said sympathetically to him, "I am sorry, Harry.
I should have realized.
Do you want to talk about it?"
He shook his head, 'No, I will be fine Isobel.
Thanks for asking though".
They had Herbology with the Puffs first thing that day followed by Transfiguration with the Claws, lastly Charms with the puffs.
When the owl post came in, Hedwig brought him a letter from Sirius.
"Pup, I know you are not leaving the castle today but I thought that maybe you could come to the edge of the Forbidden Forest before the feast is to start?
I and Moony have arranged for Samhain celebrations.
You can bring all the friends who were with you that day.
I will await you eagerly".
Harry showed it to Neville, "Sirius wants to meet".
Neville shrugged, "It is your choice.
I am following whatever you decide, mate".
Harry scribbled a letter to Sirius then sent Hedwig away.
He had a suspicion that Sirius was already in Hogsmeade and he would get the letter in time.
As it was, the marauder spent most of his days in the village whenever he was free.
Lord Black also never worked on this day.
He spent the day mourning everyone he had lost.
The old wizard had buried too many of his family to be cheerful on this day.
Classes were as normal as usual but Harry's heart was not in it.
The first period was Herbology where Professor Sprout was teaching them about Dittany.
They all gathered around the plant which had a dark green stem with leaves of the same colour.
She started teaching them about it, "This is Dittany alternatively known as Burning Bush, a non-sentient plant.
Its distinct characteristic is that it sometimes releases inflammable vapours.
It is used in healing, potion making and as wand-cores.
It is a powerful healing herb.
It can sometimes be eaten raw to cure shallow wounds.
It is a healing herb, a restorative.
When mixed with silver, it can be used to cure werewolf bites by preventing the victim from bleeding to death but cannot cure them of lycanthropy.
Now I want you all to form groups and study the plant.
Your assignment is 2 feet of parchment on Dittany and its uses for next week".
Transfiguration McGonagall had set them a test.
This time, Isobel took the seat beside him.
Professor McGonagall wanted them to write an essay on changing matchstick to needle and do the practical portion.
It was a cakewalk really.
As they were each done with it, McGonagall sent them out of the classroom.
Harry had done with his part.
He was sitting outside the class on a window, looking out of it, when Isobel joined him.
She did not say anything for a few minutes but quietly watched him before asking him, "Care to join me in the library?"
Harry had nothing else planned until the celebration in the evening so he shrugged, "Sure".
They walked towards the library.
Isobel asked him, "How many members are in your family?"
Harry looked at her sceptically, to see if she was making fun of him but she was serious (no pun).
He replayed her words again in his mind, then understood what she was asking, "I have a grand-father, a god-father, an uncle, a grand-mother, a brother, and a little sister".
She asked in surprise, "How?"
For the first time that day, Harry gave a reluctant smile, "Sorry Isobel but I do not give away secrets that easily.
If you really want to know, you will have to work for it".
She grinned broadly, "I love challenges".
He asked her, "How many members are in your family?"
She started telling him enthusiastically, "I belong to the McDougal clan in Scotland.
My grand-father is one of the Elders of the Wizengamot.
He sired four children, three sons and 1 daughter.
My father Alexander McDougal is the eldest of them.
He owns a business in one of the alleys adjacent to Diagon Alley.
My uncle Lucas owns a bakery in Godric's Hollow.
Uncle Harris breeds Crups here in Scotland.
My Aunt Isla is married to Lord Fawley.
My father has three children- me, my brothers Lewis and Mason.
Uncle Lucas has a son Alfie.
Uncle Harris has a son Brodie.
Aunt Isla has two children, Liam and Annis".
"It must have been great to grow up in such a big family", Harry said, "I can't even imagine how big your family tree would be".
She snorted, "Big?
It is actually small when you compare it to others like the Weasleys.
They always had at least 4 children in every generation except for the patriarch now who lost 4 of his siblings when he was young or this place would have been over-run by them".
Harry thought for a moment, "I guess you are correct in your opinion.
Even the House of Black had many branches before the first war.
Now it stands on the brink of extinction along with House Potter and Longbottom".
"Say Harry, It's okay if you really don't feel like doing anything, but would you like to celebrate Samhain this evening with me?
", she asked shyly.
Harry felt bad to refuse, "Sorry Isobel but my god-father is coming over for celebrations today.
I will be joining him.
I would be delighted if you could join us for those celebrations".
She nodded, "I will be there, Harry".
The bell rang at that moment.
They parted ways to go to their next classes.
Harry kept watching her go.
She seemed to be just another ordinary witch.
He did not know why he had invited her to the celebrations.
Perhaps it was because she actually showed interest in getting to know him, sharing in his grief that made him amenable towards her.
Bitter spat Flitwick was teaching them the levitation charm that day.
He had told them to form pairs for practice.
Since everyone could pair up as they wished, Harry chose Ernie to sit with.
Neville sat with Hannah Abbott.
The Professor came into the class.
After taking his seat, he banished feathers to each student.
He started speaking in his squeaky voice, "We have finished the unlocking charm in the last class.
I am reasonably sure that you all can do it if needed.
Today we will start the levitation charm.
The wand movement is a swish and flick.
the incantation is, "WinGardium LeviOsa.".
Remember to pronounce the incantation correctly or you may end up with a buffalo on your chest like poor Baruffio who said's' instead of 'f'.
He found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his chest".
He made them pronounce the incantation properly before he let them practiced the wand movement.
After he was satisfied, he allowed them to practice the spell.
Harry had no trouble with it.
Neither did Neville.
Hermione, as usual, was the fastest to do it after them.
They were too fast for her liking.
What she did not know was that they had already learned a great deal before coming to school.
Susan who was sitting with Justin was close to accomplishing the charm before Hermione succeeded.
She usually did her best just after Harry and Neville.
Others were similarly in different stages of accomplishing their tasks.
Seamus who was sitting with Dean had set his quill on fire.
Flitwick doused it with aguamenti.
He set Seamus to do lines for exploding the quill when he was supposed to be levitating it.
It was a normal class until Harry heard Hermione trying to teach Ron.
"You are doing it wrong.
You will take someone's eye out that way.
The pronunciation is Wingardium LeviOsa, not LeviosAaa", Hermione was saying.
"If you think you are so smart, why don't you show me how it's done?
", Ronald challenged her.
Hermione did it.
The smirk that was on her lips did not bode well to Harry.
Harry had noticed things like this happening all the time but paid no heed to it.
Those two were fighting most of the time.
Today, he was not in a mood to listen to them bickering.
As they were leaving the classroom, Ron came over to them, "She is such an insufferable know-it-all.
I really don't know how anyone puts up with her condescending attitude.
It's no wonder she hasn't got any friends".
Harry could see that Hermione was right behind Ron.
When she heard him bad-mouthing her, she shoved him out of the way and charged off to the Tower.
Harry regretfully observed, "I think she heard you, Ron.
I would agree that sometimes she is condescending in her behaviour toward others but shooting your mouth off like that is going to get you into a lot of trouble.
I will thank you to refrain from running other people down in my hearing".
Samhain Neville let their friends know where and when to join them for the celebration.
They did not have to be told twice.
Sirius had made the necessary preparations for the celebration.
When they reached, he had a roaring fire going with stones lying in piles and blankets spread on the ground for them to sit on.
The only thing lacking was that there were no decorations.
They were just inside the border of the Forbidden Forest within cover of the trees so no one could see them.
To Harry's amazement, he noticed Dumbledore was there with them, sipping pumpkin juice.
He was laughing at something Remus had just said.
Even Hagrid was invited.
He was there sitting with a tankard in his lap, talking to a wizard Harry did not recognize.
Sirius hugged Harry tightly when he saw him, and then greeted his other friends.
Sirius then went on to introduce the other wizard Harry had not recognized as Abeforth Dumbledore.
He was brother of the Headmaster.
The only family resemblance Harry noticed was that they shared the same brilliant blue eyes.
Remus gave Harry a wide smile which was always sufficient to tell him that the werewolf was fine, enjoying things as they were.
Once they all sat down, Sirius stood, "I know many of you are not acquainted with the celebration of Samhain.
It is the day when the veil between the two astral planes is so thin that the dead can walk among us.
This day we celebrate our dead, honour them.
There are stacks of stones in front of us.
I want you to pick up stones, write the names of loved ones who have passed away, one for each stone.
When you are done, cast the stones into the fire.
Inhale some of the smoke from the fire as you do.
Finally, write your own name on a stone and cast it into the fire.
When the bonfire has died, you may either pick up the stone with your name on it or leave it here.
They say that the burn pattern on the stone with your name can tell how the next year will be for you, but it requires a seer to read them.
I don't think we will get a seer here".
Isobel sat beside Harry.
To his amazement, she had picked up only one stone.
She wrote a name and dropped it in the fire.
Harry wrote Charlus, Dorea, James, Lily and Cassiopeia's names on the stones and dropped them into the middle of the fire.
He did not even know the name of his muggle grand-parents!
After taking a whiff of the fire, he wrote his name on a stone then dropped it into the middle of the fire.
He had already decided that he would not be picking up the stone.
He would brave whatever came his way.
When they were sitting sipping butterbeers, eating refreshments, Fairies came out of nowhere.
They started dancing around the fire.
Harry noticed that almost all the ghosts of the castle were there around the fire, mingling with each other.
A few even stopped to have a very animated chat with the Marauders.
Isobel observed, "I saw you toss a lot of names into the fire.
Too much grief?"
Harry nodded.
Then he said, "I saw you drop only one".
She nodded, "Yes, my grandmother.
She died of Dragonpox when I was 6.
She doted on me.
She always said that I was her splitting image".
He murmured, "I have not even seen anyone from my parents' family.
My grand-parents all died some time before I was born.
My parents died when I was fifteen months old.
I grew up well loved but I do miss my parents at times".
She told him simply, "Just because someone had to die, it does not mean that they left us, Harry.
They are always there in our hearts.
Look inside yourself.
You will find them there".
Sirius chose that moment to come over, "Godson, would you not introduce me to this charming young lady?"
Harry looked embarrassed at this breach of etiquette, "God-father, this is Isobel McDougal.
Isobel, this is my god-father, Sirius Black".
Sirius performed a courtly bow to her.
He asked, "Exactly what do you see in him?"
She was confused, "What do you mean?"
Sirius spoke slowly as if explaining something to a child, "I mean he is runty looking, has a scar, a bird's nest for hair.
Exactly what made you want to sit beside him?"
She snorted, "Maybe that's just the kind of guy I like, Mr. Black".
"Call me Sirius please, Mr. Black sounds too heavy on my poor ears".
Remus saw that Sirius was making trouble.
He came over to drag him away, "Come along Sirius.
The adults are talking over there.
Leave these children be".
The celebration did not go long after that because the feast was waiting for them.
Dumbledore had already disappeared sometime while they were talking.
They returned to the Great Hall to sate their hunger.
None of them had bothered to pick up the stone with their name on it.
Troll in the Dungeons The elves had outdone themselves.
The feast was so extravagant that Harry could not even have imagined that so many kinds of dishes actually existed.
Everything was available to him under the roof of Black Castle but generally the fare at the table was kept fairly simple.
It was never more than two or three dishes because that was all anyone ate.
This however, there was no word to describe it.
The feast was well underway before he realized that Hermione was not among the gathered students.
He knew that she generally sat beside Parvati but there was no sign of her there today.
He hollered for Parvati, "Parvati, where is Hermione?"
Parvati looked around her to make sure that the said girl was not present.
When she realized that she was indeed nowhere around them, she turned to him, "I had heard her crying in the Girls' washroom on the second floor after charms class.
I have not seen her since.
Ron's comment was too cruel".
Harry nodded.
Ron had no filter on his mouth.
He tended to say whatever was on his mind.
It was a quality worthy of one sorted into the house of the brave but at times, it was actually an embarrassment.
He turned to Neville, "Mate, we need to go find her.
As soon as we are done here, we will go and look for her with the map".
Neville nodded.
Of course he would follow Harry to the end of the world if he wanted.
They were not just friends but god-brothers.
Neville would never let Harry go anywhere without him.
Meanwhile, Harry was taking Ron to task, "Look what you have done, Ron.
You will apologize to her for your words.
It does not cost us anything to be kind to others".
Ron did not say anything.
He was feeling bad for having said those words by now.
His mother had not raised him and his siblings like that.
If his mother knew about it, things would end up badly for him.
Before they could decide on any further course of action, the double doors opened.
Quirrell came running in.
He was panting and was exhausted.
The sweat on his face said that there was some trouble.
He fell down somewhere in the middle of the Great Hall while shouting, "Troll!
Troll in the Dungeons!
Thought you ought to know".
Then he collapsed.
His words caused a pandemonium in the Great Hall with the students starting to run around in panic, shrieking and shouting.
Dumbledore roared above the din they were making, "Calm down, everyone".
His words had a calming effect.
Immediately everyone froze in their places.
Harry could see the Headmaster's eyes glowing with power.
He calmly ordered, "Prefects, take the students to your Houses.
Slytherin prefects take your students up the north tower where the old dormitories are available.
Teachers, follow me to the dungeons".
Percy was beckoning the Gryffindor students to him.
He started herding them out of the Great Hall up the stairs.
Harry turned to the duo of Neville and Ron, "Guys, Hermione does not know about the troll.
We need to go find her and tell her about it.
We will break off from the rest of the group when we are on the second floor.
Then we can go to find her".
They both nodded.
On the second floor, the trio who had been walking at the back of the Gryffindor students dropped back and hid around a corner.
While hiding, waiting for the other students to clear the second floor corridor, they saw Severus Snape walking up the stairs toward the third floor.
Harry asked the other two, "Didn't Dumbledore asked the teachers to follow him to the dungeons where the troll is?"
Neville replied, "Yes, he did.
But we cannot go after him now.
We need to find Hermione first".
Suddenly, Harry's nose wrinkled up in disgust as he caught a whiff of a rank odor in the air like meat gone bad.
He asked the other two, 'Do you two smell that?"
Ron replied, "Yes, like rotten meat.
Where is it coming from?"
Just then they heard a low rumbling sound and saw a gigantic shadow on one of the walls of the castle.
The Troll was not down in the dungeons.
It was right there on that floor!
It was enough to make them quiver in fear.
They momentarily forgot that they were looking for Hermione, not the troll.
They followed it.
They saw it entering a washroom.
The key was in the door!
Hiding themselves in the shadows, making absolutely no sound, they slowly trudged forwards towards the door.
When they realized that the troll was fully inside, Harry quickly locked the door.
He turned looking smug at having captured the troll but the horror etched on Neville's face was enough to make him go weak in the knees.
"What is wrong, mate?
", he nervously asked.
"Harry, you idiot!
We were looking for Hermione.
You just locked the troll in the girls' bathroom with her!
", he bellowed.
Harry silently cursed himself.
They were gormless idiots indeed.
They had lost sight of their target.
He got tied up in heroics!
They needed a plan to follow.
Harry turned to Neville, "Mate, I am going to get Hermione out of there.
I want you to go find anyone who can help us.
We need help.
Do anything you have to but get help in time.
Cause the cannon bang on the great staircase.
It will attract other's attention".
Neville asked him, "Are you sure?
I can be of some help here, mate.
I am more handy with a wand than Ron".
Harry shook his head, "It is his fault that she is in there in the first place.
Now hurry up.
We don't have much time".
Neville took off at a dead run.
Harry carefully turned the key in the lock while keeping his wand ready.
When he opened the door, he took in a scene of chaos and destruction.
The floor was flooded, covered with shards of shattered porcelain from the broken fixtures, bits of splintered wood strewn here and there, ragged bits of the broken stalls hanging from the walls.
The smell of rotting meat was overwhelming.
Worst of all, Hermione was crouched in a corner hiding beneath a stone basin which was half gone.
It would not have withstood another mighty blow.
Harry shouted, "Hermione!
Run!
He is going to kill you!"
Hermione did not move, perhaps frozen with fear.
The troll however, hearing Harry yelling, hesitated mid-swing.
Harry knew that he had to act fast if he was going to save Hermione's life.
He fired off three cannon blasts with his wand in rapid succession.
That got the troll's attention.
It turned around slowly, probing with its dull eyes, looking for the source of the noise.
When it spotted Harry and Ron, it lumbered in their general direction, dragging its massive club behind it.
At first, Harry thought, "Great!
It's not going to smash Hermione into pulp".
Then as the troll got closer, he thought, "Uh oh!
It's coming straight at us!"
Ron raised his wand and roared, "WingArdium LeviOsa!"
The troll's club was out of his hand levitating in the air in a moment.
Harry thought there could be nothing better than its own club to knock it out.
Perhaps Ron was of the same mind but as he dropped the club, the troll had moved.
They were without anything to stop it now.
Harry tried the tripping hex, a stunner, a bludgeoner in rapid succession, but they fizzled against its magic resistant skin.
His other spells were equally ineffective.
All he could do was keep the troll's attention, dodge and wait for help to arrive.
Ron took Hermione out from under the broken stone basin.
Harry was finally cornered with the wall to his back.
With nowhere to go, he had a moment of thought where he laughed at himself that his life was going to end at the hands of a dumb troll.
In desperation, he stuck his wand right up the troll's snout and fired off another stunner.
The effect was immediate.
The troll's eyes went wide and he bellowed in rage and pain.
The creature pulled back both fists to pummel Harry into paste when with a mighty roar and an even mightier sweep of his arm, Hagrid knocked the troll aside.
With the troll occupied, Harry scrambled for the door.
The troll scrambled back to its feet and lunged for Hagrid.
The half-giant was ready for it.
As the troll charged him, Hagrid got a hold of its arm and side-stepped.
The troll flipped and landed on its back.
It got back to its feet again and this time, lumbered up to the half-giant, flexing its massive fingers.
Harry could see that the troll seemed to have the advantage when it came to size and weight, but Hagrid definitely had the edge when it came to skill and brains.
For a moment, Harry was concerned that the half-giant was going to get seriously hurt, but then he realized that Hagrid was grinning.
He was having fun.
Again and again, the two figures collided.
Again and again, the troll wound up on its back ore eating wall.
The troll stumbled back to its feet yet again.
It staggered toward Hagrid as the half-giant egged him on, "C'mon Lud.
Ya've still got sumtin in ya".
When the troll got close enough, Hagrid batted its outstretched arms aside then with a left jab to the belly and a right cross to the jaw, the troll went down like a felled tree.
Hagrid stood up straight, shook out his fists and said, "Don know what Lud thought 'e was up to, wandrin 'round the castle like that'.
Too bad 'e's too stupid to ever tell me".
Then he turned to Harry, "Ya alri' 'Arry?".
Before Harry could answer, Professor McGonagall shrieked, "What is happening here?"
She stood in the doorway with Professor Snape and Professor Quirrell right behind her.
Her mouth formed the thinnest of thin lines.
Professor Quirrell looked like he was going to pass out.
Professor Snape had his wand at the ready, his face fixed in its perpetual sneer and, Harry noticed, limping.
Harry looked at his legs out of curiosity.
He observed that the lower part of his robes had been mangled.
There was a wound on his leg which he hastily covered when he found Harry looking.
Professor McGonagall was shouting at them, "What are you all doing here?
You were ordered to go to your dormitories.
And this is a girl's bathroom!
", she added as an afterthought.
Hermione said in a very feeble voice, "They were here to save me, Professor.
I did not know about the troll.
I was in the bathroom when it attacked.
I froze in fear.
If Harry and Ron had not arrived when they did, I would not be alive at this moment.
Ron levitated its club away then got me out of there while Harry kept it busy.
They put their lives on the line, fighting that creature until Hagrid arrived and saved the day".
McGonagall turned to Hagrid, "Thank you Hagrid.
If you had not acted promptly, we might have lost these students".
Hagrid blushed a bit, "Is alri' Professor, it's me job isn't it?
If you'll all excuse me, I'll be getting Lud 'ere back to the forbidden forest.".
They all stood aside as Hagrid, with the war club over one shoulder and the troll over the other shoulder, carefully walked by and down the main stairs to the main doors.
She then turned to Harry, "Mr. Potter-Black, what happened here?"
Harry's mind was confused.
Hermione Granger had just lied to a teacher for them.
She could have told McGonagall that they had locked the door from outside but she had not.
She took the blame on herself.
Right now, he had to answer McGonagall's question.
He started speaking cautiously, "Professor, I heard from Parvati at the feast that Hermione was here in the bathroom.
That she had been crying the whole day.
Neville, Ron and I decided to find her after we had our dinner.
We wanted to be sure that she had taken dinner.
Before that could happen however, the troll entered the castle.
We went to find her to alert her about the situation.
We saw the troll entering the girl's bathroom.
I asked Neville to fetch help.
Ron and I kept it distracted until Hagrid came and beat him".
She pursed her mouth in a thin line for a moment before she started speaking, "You are lucky to have evaded a mountain troll for so long.
That was quick thinking to send Mr. Longbottom to fetch help.
Five points to each of you for your nerve and dumb luck".
She then turned to Hermione, "Why were you not at the feast Miss Granger?"
Hermione lied again, "I was homesick Professor.
I was missing my parents".
McGonagall nodded, "If you are uninjured, then return to your Common Room.
Dinner is being served there".
They walked to the seventh floor while discussing the events of the evening.
Harry asked Neville, "Mate, how did you find Hagrid?"
Neville started telling it a bit too enthusiastically, "I was at the grand staircase just making the first shot when I saw Hagrid coming up the stairs.
He asked me if I wanted to be put into detention for making such a racket.
I just said 'Harry and Troll', and pointed to the girls' bathroom.
He broke into a run.
I swear I have never seen anyone move as fast as he did at that moment yelling something about 'saving Harry Potter'.
On the way, I ran into Professor Snape and Professor McGonagall.
The dungeon bat wanted to put me into detention, McGonagall asked me why I was not yet in my common room despite Dumbledore's orders.
When I told them, she walked at such a brisk pace that I could hardly keep up with her".
Hermione walked ahead of them and reached the Common Room before them.
Once inside, she turned to them, "Thank you, all of you, for saving me".
That day, Harry felt that a new friendship was being born among them.
After all, death defying adventures have a way of bringing people together.
For some reason, Harry forgot to tell Lord Black about the troll incident.
He didn't think that it was anything linked directly to Harry, yet.
Black Townhouse A Hogwarts owl arrived at the Black Townhouse the evening before the Gryffindor Slytherin match.
It was for Sirius.
He opened the letter.
"Dear Mr. Black, You are cordially invited to attend the Quidditch match of Slytherin versus Gryffindor.
It is to take place tomorrow.
It is my fondest wish that you will take some time out of your schedule for this occasion.
Albus Dumbledore Headmaster Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry" Sirius showed the letter to Remus, "What do you make of it, Moony?"
Of course, Remus knew what it was all about.
But it was crucial that Sirius did not know about it before he saw it for himself.
He said to him in a neutral voice, "Perhaps Dumbledore is trying to get into your good books, Padfoot.
Why don't you go and see what it is about?"
Sirius nodded, "Alright, I'll bite.
And, you are coming with me".
Gryffindor versus Slytherin The day for the match arrived.
It was hard to believe that the same boy that had faced a full-grown mountain troll just two days ago could be so nervous about a game.
Facing life and death was one thing, but the honour and glory of Gryffindor was at stake here and that was quite another thing.
Harry's dormitory was on the top floor of the Gryffindor tower.
From there, he had a pretty good view of the pitch.
He had spent a few evenings, watching the pitch, through his omnioculars, watching the other teams practice.
They knew what they were about.
The Slytherin team tended more to size than talent.
But they had dominated the competition last year and they were the team to beat.
Watching them practice, Harry knew that they would play a very physical game.
That did not bode well for the youngest and smallest player in a hundred years.
Harry woke up that morning to a bright, clear and cool November day.
The adrenalin immediately started coursing through his body.
It was a blend of nerves, excitement and anticipation.
His team was good.
Harry knew they were good.
He had been with them during practice.
Wood was a slave-driver and he knew what he was about.
He had been selected as team captain in his fourth year, which was young for a team captain.
That was because he had the talent, the drive and the leadership.
In his second year as team captain, now he also had the experience.
The beaters, Fred and George, even though they were only third years, were large for their age and practically telepathic the way they made their plays.
The chasers were all girls and they had drilled passing, shooting and dodging until they could do it with their eyes closed.
The only potential weak link in this team was Harry himself.
Harry was determined not to let them down.
When he entered the common room, Wood saw how pale and shaky he looked.
He said, "This will be your first game, Harry.
I know that you're feeling it, but I'm telling you, you have nothing to worry about.
We're all behind you.
You have real talent.
When you catch that Snitch, the Snakes won't even know what happened".
The twins gave him a pat on the back.
The chasers all messed up his hair and made a fuss over him.
When he exited the Common Room the team surrounded him.
They were followed by the first years, then each year in their turn.
They marched to the Great Hall.
Along the way, many of the Ravenclaws joined them.
When he sat for breakfast, Hermione was on one side of him with Neville on the other and Ron sitting across from him.
He was playing with the food on his plate.
He had no stomach to eat.
Neville tried to get him to eat, but he refused.
Finally, Neville convinced him to at least drink some pumpkin juice.
He said, "Mate, if you pass out from lack of food during the game, we don't have a back-up seeker".
Harry reluctantly sipped at the pumpkin juice.
As soon as the cool sweetness hit his dry mouth, his appetite picked up a bit.
He was able to choke down some hot cereal and another glass of pumpkin juice before he gave up breakfast as a bad job.
The team rose from the table to go out to the pitch.
That was when many well-wishers came over from Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw.
They paid a lot of attention to Harry, saying things like congratulations on making the team as a first year to he was their best hope to defeat the Snakes this year.
No pressure there.
Even Daphne gave him a warm smile and a high-sign when she thought that none of her house-mates were looking.
Isobel decided to come over and join him while they walked to the lockers.
She looked at him and realized he was nervous, "Are you nervous, Harry?"
He nodded, "This is my first game.
I do not want to let the team down.
They have all worked really hard and we all want this win".
She assured him, "Harry, you sound like you're carrying the weight of the entire team on your shoulders.
That just is not the case.
You have one thing and one thing only to worry about.
Find that little golden ball and capture it.
This is your first game.
Even if you do make any mistakes, you will learn from them and come back even better in your next one.
Just be yourself.
I am sure you will have people's heads turning with your skills".
Since they had reached the lockers, she went to sit with her house mates while Harry went in with the team.
Inside, they quickly changed into their quidditch robes.
Since wands were not allowed in the game, Harry had left his wand in the care of Neville before he came into the locker room.
Oliver started giving them the pre-match speech, "This is the chance we have been waiting for.
This is going to be our year.
The year that we will win finally.
We have the team that is hard to beat.
we will crush our foes".
He rambled on for some time.
Every word made Harry more nervous.
He was probably banking on Harry's talents a lot.
The jitters just got worse.
Fred however patted his shoulder, "Worry not, Harry.
Oliver always gives the same speech.
In fact, we have learned every word of it".
Finally it was time for them to fly out to the Quidditch pitch.
Hermione, Ron and Neville took a place in the stands with Dean and Seamus behind them.
Dean had a banner which read "Potter-Black for Minister of Magic".
Shortly before the game started, Hagrid came up to the stands.
He made a place for himself beside the little group rumbling, "Hello yeh three!
I thought I would come and watch from here.
Can't see anything properly from me hut".
Lee was on the mike.
"Welcome to the second match of the season.
The most anticipated.
On one hand are the Gryffindors- the brave of heart, the men with courage.
On the other are Slytherins- the cunning, the ambitious.
Most believe that this match will be a one-sided pounding on Gryffindor.
But this announcer has it on good authority that Slytherin is in for a rude awakening.
May the Gryffindors I mean, may the best team win".
A few seconds later, he announced the arrival of the Slytherins, "Here come the Slytherins: Flint, Warrington, Pucey, Urquhart, Bole, Bletchley and Higgs.
The same old team last year which defeated Gryffindor by sheer luck".
His statement was greeted by jeers from the Slytherins.
Unsurprisingly, the snakes got support from no other quarters of the school.
The other three houses were pitted against them.
Lee continued, "Now here comes the Gryffindors flying in a hawkshead formation with three each in two rows with the youngest seeker in a century bringing up the rear.
I give to you all the Gryffindors.
Johnson, Bell, Spinet, Wood, Weasley, Weasley.
Potter-Black".
In the spectator stands meant for teachers and visitors, Sirius Black gasped, "What?
Harry!
Is he their seeker?
Merlin's beard!
But he is a first year!"
Remus chuckled, "He is the youngest seeker in a century, Padfoot.
The rules were bent to accommodate him".
While they were talking, madame Hooch flew out to center field with the crate of balls.
She barked out, looking significantly at the Slytherins, "Alright.
You all know the rules.
I want to see a clean game".
Then looking at Harry, "I wish you all good luck.
Captains, shake hands".
Wood and Flint shook hands while menacing each other.
The wincing on their faces was sufficient to tell Harry that they were trying to break each other's hands.
Harry looked up at the sky.
It had become overcast since dawn.
Although it was cold, the snow had not yet begun to fall.
Cold, yes, but visibility was perfect for spotting the snitch.
This was going to be a short game.
Madame Hooch kicked open the crate.
The two Bludgers and the Snitch took to the sky as the teams took up their positions.
As soon as the keepers reached the goal posts, she gave a mighty blast on her whistle and hurled the Quaffle into the air.
Harry had kicked off hard to gain altitude.
As soon as he took to the sky, all feelings of nervousness left him.
He felt more alert and clear-headed than he had for days.
The game plan for him was to stay high and out of the way of the Bludgers until he spotted the Snitch.
Higgs was right on his tail.
Not too smart, Harry thought, he was nearly half the other guys size and on a much better broom.
Higgs had no chance at all of catching the Snitch by following him around.
If this was the Slytherins' tactic, they had already given the game away.
Lee started the play by play, "And they are off!
Angelina comes up with the Quaffle!
She's leading the charge.
That girl gets better every year but she still won't go out with me".
"Jordon", Professor McGonagall admonished him.
"Sorry Professor.
It's Angelina with the Quaffle flying towards the Slytherin goalpost.
She dodges a Bludger, a chaser.
She takes her shot.
And Bletchley saves it.
Alicia in possession of the Quaffle.
She's flying like an arrow straight towards the goal posts.
A Bludger from Urquhart forces her to drop the Quaffle.
Picked up by Pucey.
He dodges a Weasley Bludger.
He chucks the ball towards the hoop".
Suddenly he bellowed, "Come on Wood!
Save it!
", then continued, "Yes!
Wood saved it.
Bell in possession of the Quaffle flying to the Slytherin goal.
Pass to Angelina.
She's wide open!
That's a goal!
10-0 for Gryffindor".
The stadium erupted in cheers, whistles, stomping and applause.
Of course, the Slytherins booed and hissed, but they were well drowned out by the rest of the crowd.
Meanwhile, Harry had spotted the Snitch while leading Higgs a merry chase around the other side of the pitch.
He didn't try to catch it just yet because Higgs didn't seem to have a clue and Wood hadn't signalled the play yet.
Suddenly he saw a flash of gold on the edge of his vision.
He took off after it.
He had spotted the snitch again.
Higgs was still on his tail.
A Bludger collided with his broom almost throwing him off.
He remained on the broom by holding on to the handle.
Higgs had to pull-up hard to keep from colliding with him.
In the confusion, they both lost sight of the Snitch.
Gryffindor was awarded a penalty shot.
Angelina took the shot.
She converted it into a goal.
The crowd went wild again as Lee announced, "It's 20-0 for Gryffindor!".
Soon thereafter, Flint collided with Harry for which Gryffindor was awarded a penalty and Alicia took it but it was saved.
The twins decided that Flint deserved some payback for nearly knocking Harry off of his broom.
The next time he got possession of the Quaffle, they took the double beater stance and blasted the Bludger at him.
The over-powered black ball hit him square in the chest, breaking some ribs and knocking him clean off of his broom.
There was no penalty called on the play because although it was a dirty trick, there were no rules against hitting the guy in possession of the Quaffle with a Bludger.
There was no time out either because they had put the captain out of commission.
With the Snakes short a chaser, the Lions scored again easily.
At a score of 30-0 for Gryffindor, Harry thought it was a good time to make his move.
Then everything started going wrong.
His broom started vibrating, going out of control and tried to buck him off.
He knew well how to fly and he held on tight, trying to bring the unruly thing back under control.
There was only one reason that a Nimbus 2000 would act like this, someone was jinxing it.
He had no attention to spare to look for the perpetrator.
It was all he could do to stay on the broom as it vibrated, bucked and climbed higher, away from the game.
It was Fred and George that noticed he was in trouble first.
They flew under Harry, ready to catch him while the rest of the team tried to play on with no Beaters.
In the confusion, Flint managed to get back on his broom and score 4 goals.
Sirius was furious with the broom acting like that.
He stood up with his wand out, ready to cast 'Arresto momentum' before Moony stopped his hand, "No Padfoot, you could end up harming him.
We will cast only if he is unseated from his broom".
His friends were equally worried.
Hagrid was watching through his binoculars.
He said worriedly, "Looks like somebody hexed his broom".
Hermione borrowed the binoculars.
She looked through them to find that Snape was muttering an enchantment.
She turned to Neville and Ron, "It looks like Snape is jinxing his broom".
Neville asked her, "Do you have any idea what to do?"
Before Hermione could answer, Harry regained control of the broom.
What they did not notice was that when Sirius abruptly stood up, he had caused a few of the other teachers to fall down.
Whatever or whoever was interfering with Harry's broom, the effect stopped.
As a result, Harry was able to climb back on his broom.
With Harry out of trouble, the twins got back into the game.
When they saw the scoreboard, they were furious that nobody had called a time-out.
The Bludgers flew fast and furious, wrecking havoc on the larger, less nimble Slytherin players, especially Flint.
There would be some Slytherins in the infirmary after this game.
It took 10 more minutes for the score to climb to 60-40 for Gryffindor.
Harry spotted the golden ball again.
It was flying near the Gryffindor goal.
He caught Higgs napping and went blazing off toward the Gryffindor end.
Urquhart blasted a Bludger at his head.
Just as it looked like the Bludger would break Harry's nose, he did a barrel roll.
The Bludger hit Higgs instead.
He was knocked off course by the impact.
Lee announced, "Higgs takes a Bludger from his own beater!
Potter-Black is in hot pursuit of the Snitch.
It is going in a steep dive.
Potter- Black follows it while dodging another Bludger.
I can't believe it!
He's going faster!
The snitch is almost level with the ground.
Higgs is back in it but he has some ground to make up and it looks like Potter-Black is not giving him that chance!
Higgs is pulling up, folks.
Looks like he's afraid of getting plowed.
Potter-Black pulls up at the last second!
He's standing on his broom!
He has tumbled from his broom!"
Harry saw that the Snitch was so close to the ground that there was no way to catch it from his broom and stay mounted.
He swung down with his mouth wide open as time seemed to slow.
In the split second that he lost sight of the Snitch, he felt something scooped up by his open mouth.
He tumbled across the field to land back on his feet.
He spit the golden ball out into his hand and held it up for the crowd and especially for Madame Hooch to see.
Time sped back up to normal as the stadium erupted in cheers.
Lee was shouting into the mic, "That's it!
Harry has the Snitch!
It's all over folks!
Gryffindor beats Slytherin 210 to 40!"
Flint was arguing with Madam Hooch, "He did not catch the snitch.
He nearly swallowed it".
But she was having none of it.
The team mobbed him, thumping him on the back.
Oliver kept jumping up and down in excitement yelling, "That's my boy!
That's my boy!"
After the team was done expressing their joy, His friends came up to him.
They group hugged him.
He knew they had been worried about him.
He had had a real scare once or twice in the air.
As they were leaving the pitch, Harry ran into the Marauders who were just coming down from the stands.
They immediately hugged him and did not let him go for a few minutes.
Finally Sirius extricated himself.
He said to him, "I was so worried Pup.
Are you alright?"
Harry smiled, "I am fine, Padfoot.
I was scared a little though".
A Marauder's Birthday It was Sirius's birthday the day after the match.
Harry had no idea about what to give him as a gift.
For all his life, most of his shopping had been done for him by Moony or Arcturus.
He had always been a tag-along.
Now he was to choose a suitable gift for an adult wizard.
He had absolutely no idea about what to get.
He had asked Neville too.
The other boy didn't have any ideas about a perfect gift for Sirius either.
He had the same problem; he never had to buy a gift for an adult wizard before this day.
Whenever it was Moony's birthday, Harry could give him a gift hamper of chocolates and be done with it.
But Sirius was not so fond of chocolates.
Finally, Harry had asked Professor Dumbledore about it when the headmaster had sent for him and Neville to talk about the troll incident the next day.
When they entered, the head-master had a Pensieve on his desk.
He was emptying some of his memories into it.
He beckoned them into chairs, then with a motion of his hand, asked them to wait.
After he had added the memory, he turned to them, "How are you Harry, Neville?"
Harry chose to answer, "We are in fine health, Headmaster, thank you.
What is it you are doing with that Pensieve?"
He waved off the question, "A little of this and that.
I am just trying to document something while I still have the time because I fear the next few years are going to be incredibly busy.
Now, I have called you here so that you can tell me about what happened on the day of the feast.
Would you tell me what happened?"
Neville recounted the version of the story that they had told McGonagall.
They had decided that they would stick to that version of the story because if Hermione did not want to tell, it was not their secret to give away.
After they were done, Harry asked the headmaster, "Professor, I have heard that the wards around Hogwarts should keep creatures such as a troll away from the castle.
How did one enter then?"
Dumbledore took a few moments before he started to answer their question, "The wards certainly can keep trolls out but not if someone had brought one in.
I suspect that someone in the castle let it in as a practical joke".
Harry frowned, "It could have killed Hermione if we had not reached her in time.
That is not a joke".
Dumbledore sighed, "That is right.
It was not a joke.
That is why I have called you here.
Since you were the first to see it, can you make a guess as to what it was doing in the castle?"
Harry thought hard for a while.
An answer eventually started to form at the back of his mind but it was not the one he was going to give Dumbledore.
He gave one completely harmless answer instead, "Professor, I suspect someone brought it in to create chaos, pandemonium in the castle.
I cannot see any other reason for doing so".
Dumbledore looked disappointed for a moment but hid it well, "Very well, you both can go now".
Harry decided to ask him the question which had been bothering him, "Headmaster, can you tell me what would be the ideal gift for a wizard like my god-father?
His birthday is coming.
I have no idea what to get for him".
Dumbledore smiled genially, "It varies from person to person but I have found that a bottle of Rosmerta's oak matured mead often makes for the best gift for me".
Harry stood, "Thank you for the suggestion, Headmaster.
We will be taking your leave now".
Later that evening, the duo snuck out of the castle.
They headed to The Three Broomsticks.
Rosmerta was not about to sell mead to two firsties from Hogwarts till Harry convinced her that it was really meant to be a gift for Sirius.
Rosmerta even gift-wrapped it nicely for them then handed it to them.
Harry and Neville splitt the bill between them.
Harry called his personal elf, Kreacher.
He ordered the elf to decorate the Townhouse tastefully that night of 2nd November.
He had floo called Remus to discuss the birthday.
Remus had reluctantly agreed that he and Neville could sneak out of the castle once everyone was asleep in their dormitories.
Kreacher and Travistor could get them out of there by side-along apparition to the Townhouse.
And return them the same way before they were missed.
Shortly before mid-night, the post-victory party was winding down.
There were only a couple of stragglers left in the common room.
Harry and Neville came out of the Common Room.
As the portrait of the fat lady swung shut, she said, "First years out after Curfew?
You had better not let Filch catch you".
Harry made a shushing motion with his finger to his lips, then whispered, "Don't worry.
I have a cunning plan".
She yawned widely and said, "Suit yourself.
I'm going back to sleep".
Then putting action to words, promptly dozed off.
Harry and Neville quietly made their way to an unused classroom nearby.
Travistor and Kreacher were waiting for them there.
Travistor never served anyone except Arcturus.
it was implied that he was only there under the old wizard's orders.
Holding the doorknob with one hand while applying pressure to the middle of the door with the palm of his other hand Harry closed the door without any squeak, thump or click.
He carefully twisted the doorknob until all the tension was off of the springs then took the pressure off the middle of the door until it settled into position.
Neville asked him, "Mate, where did you learn to do that?"
Harry responded, "I may have read a spy novel or two, when Remus wasn't looking".
Once they were in position, the elves disappeared with a low pop with taking the two boys with them.
The Townhouse had been beautifully decorated with streamers having been hung from the walls, the portraits decorated with ribbons and balloons, their occupants expressing their displeasure at being treated that way.
There was an enormous cake in the meeting room topped with figures of a shaggy dog, a stag, a doe and a werewolf.
Not surprisingly, it was a chocolate cake, which Remus perhaps had ordered more in keeping with his own taste than Sirius's.
Lord Black was sitting in a chair in the meeting room looking amused at the preparations made right under Sirius's nose.
Remus took the two kids upstairs.
They entered Sirius's room stealthily.
When they were around his bed, Remus let loose a cannon blast from his wand.
Before he was even properly awake, Sirius rolled from his bed, wand in hand and crouched down behind his bed, looking for the source of the blast.
Even after ten years in Azkaban, he had not forgotten his Auror training.
They started singing "Happy Birthday to you.
", before he could curse anyone of them.
Sirius looked at Neville and Harry, "Did you two sneak out of the castle at this hour?
How did you get here?
Did you break into a Professor's office to use the floo?"
Harry chuckled, "No.
We used our elves to apparate out of there".
Sirius grumbled, "Elves?
We never even thought of doing that, despite having every opportunity to do so".
Remus guffawed, "Of course we didn't.
We had enough brains among us to get what we wanted done.
We never had to bring in any outside talent".
The celebration was great.
They all enjoyed to their heart's content.
By about four AM, Even the most hard-core among them had to admit that he had enough.
Kreacher and Travistor took the boys directly to their dormitories.
After a long day of Quidditch and partying, Harry thought nothing had ever looked so welcoming or inviting to him as that four-poster bed.
The elves had hardly left the room before the snores were rising from the beds which had been empty only a minute ago.
