Merit and Inheritance Chapter Two Mrs. MacDougal's World "This is a lovely spot to sit down, Morag, I have to say," said Pansy.
"Although, I know you must be busy…" Pansy stood and smoothed the sleeves of her blouse.
Getting up led to taking in a long, deep breath, through her nostrils.
She savored the summer smells, the heather and the sweet scent of the morning glories.
"Oh, no need to rush off," Morag said.
"I appreciate you coming.
You can tell Harry I'm fine, really."
Pansy looked at Morag, studying her face.
She didn't see how Morag MacDougal could be fine.
Her classmate had the internal discipline and raw intelligence to go through Hogwarts during a period of severe disruption, finishing in outright war, get a professional education and practice healing in her community.
Now she was communicating with thistle and an empty sky.
Pansy admired Morag's sense of duty and determination to use her magic and healing skills to make her mother's last days as pain-free and comfortable as she could.
She even credited her choice of keeping Mrs. MacDougal in the cottage, although Pansy didn't think she'd be able to go that far.
There were specialized facilities for the elderly in the magical world, just as there were for muggles.
Morag could use some help, Pansy knew.
"Morag, isn't there something I can send along?"
Pansy asked.
"Food you're craving that you can't get here?
A book?
Herbs, potions, Standard Book of Spells?"
Morag laughed.
"I don't need anything, honestly," she said.
Pansy looked at her.
Morag was clean, her hair brushed, skin clear.
She was taking care of herself, physically.
Pansy held a thought: 'Be gracious,' and didn't argue.
"I'm going to take off, for today," she said.
"Can we owl, now and then?
I'll worry about you, way out here."
Morag stiffened, looking Pansy straight in the eye.
"Pansy, you're not to worry," she said, her tone hardening a little.
"Understand?
I'm doing my duty.
I'm giving back, which is what I trained to do.
Way out here is home, to some of us."
Pansy saw an elaborately-carved wooden knob at the cuff of Morag's left sleeve, and guessed a wand was laid against her forearm.
While they stood there looking at one another a voice came from the cottage.
"Mo-Ahh.
Mo-Ahh," someone was calling.
"Mum," Morag declared.
"Show yourself out?"
"Can I do anything to help?"
Pansy asked.
Morag walked to the back door without another word.
Pansy stood where she was, not knowing if Morag wanted help, or would accept it if she followed her in.
She made a decision, falling in behind Morag.
Morag didn't notice she was there until she turned to close the door.
"What?"
"Tell me what to do," Pansy said, half-expecting to be told to leave and not come back.
Morag took a moment, then sighed.
"Let me see what…" she said, leaving off the end of her sentence.
Morag went as far as the door to the next room.
Pansy stood, looking around the kitchen space, fitting it into her mental picture of the dimensions of the cottage.
Any way you looked at it the place didn't have the footprint for anything but two rooms.
That was how Morag MacDougal was living as she took care of her invalid mother.
Pansy felt like crying would really help elevate her mood, but nothing came out.
"Pansy?
I can use your assistance after all," Morag said from the other room.
"Mother—this is Pansy," she said when Pansy got to the doorway.
"Pansy, my mother, Livia MacDougal."
Mrs. MacDougal lay on a low single bed, propped up on multiple pillows.
One arm, her left, was across her torso.
The hand had not assumed the withered-claw look Pansy had seen in one or two witches she'd known who had suffered strokes.
She guessed Mrs. MacDougal hadn't been in her condition long enough for her hand to claw up.
Mrs. MacDougal smiled, on one-half of her face, and extended her right hand.
Pansy knelt at her bedside, took Mrs. MacDougal's hand in both of hers and kissed it.
"An honor, Madam," she said.
Mrs. MacDougal continued to smile.
"Ma fabe'it po," she said.
"Pans ma fabe'it po."
"Mother's favorite pony," Morag muttered.
"She had a Shetland pony named Pansy when she was a girl."
"Is that right?"
Pansy asked.
"A pony, named Pansy."
She continued to hold the old witch's hand.
Mrs. MacDougal squeezed, tight, with her one good hand.
A single tear rolled down the old lady's cheek.
"Ready to sit up, Mother?"
Morag asked, then spoke to Pansy.
"I just want to arrange her pillows."
Morag slipped her arm under her mother.
"Just stay where you are, Pansy," she said.
"Mother might hold really tight.
I don't think she has the sense of how much strength she is using anymore."
Morag raised Mrs. MacDougal up.
The old lady let go of Pansy's hands and put her one good arm over her shoulder, pulling the two of them together.
"Pans," she said.
"Pans."
Mrs. MacDougal's right hand began to pat Pansy on the back.
It felt like the old lady was laying on open-handed slaps as horsemen and women do to their equine friends.
"Pans.
Guh po.
Guh gul," said Mrs. MacDougal.
"Pansy's a good pony, Mother?"
asked Morag.
"It's time to let Pansy go.
You had a good ride, now you both take a little rest."
Mrs. MacDougal let Morag handle her weight, what little there was left, and lay back down on the pillows.
"Pans," she said one last time.
Pansy led the way back into the larger room.
"Morag," she tried, again.
"What?"
Morag asked.
"This is what I want to do, Pansy, you have nothing to say about it.
Whatever time she has left she'll get fed and bathed and put to bed at night by me.
I can't do anything else, do you understand?
I owe.
I'll have plenty of life left when she's gone.
I'll do things then.
There won't be a second chance to do this."
"Fine, Love," said Pansy.
"You're fine and doing well.
You don't need anything.
Would you like an owl, bearing a note once in awhile?"
Morag's gaze softened.
"I would, yes," she said.
"General news items.
Classmates having babies."
"I'll see to it," said Pansy.
"Anything.
Anything at all.
We want to help."
"I can see that," said Morag.
"I'll let you know.
I appreciate your coming.
Bye for now."
With that Morag turned and went back into her mother's bedroom, letting Pansy sort out her own departur.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Three Al-Andalus Pansy Parkinson sat across from Harry Potter, a battered wooden desk between them.
Besides the blotter, a little organizer tray for quills and an ink bottle, the desk was clear.
Harry Potter liked a clean desk.
Harry's chair squeaked as he listened, some tight fastener protesting with each little rocking motion.
"Morag is doing well," Pansy began.
"She is taking a break from career concerns while she cares for her mother.
Mrs. MacDougal is over two hundred years old.
She had a stroke some time past and won't ever be fit for anything but rest, that mostly bed rest.
Madam is delightful, though.
She had a pony named Pansy when she was a girl.
She patted me on the back and told me Pansy was a good pony.
I'm still not sure if she confused me with a Shetland pony."
Harry broke off studying Pansy's face to acknowledge her report with a smile.
"That's good," he said.
"Very productive trip.
Well done.
Was Morag glad to see you?"
Pansy hadn't anticipated the question so there was the briefest pause.
"She warmed up," said Pansy.
Harry continued to study her face.
"Sounds like she's engaged in a useful and stimulating pursuit," Harry said.
"Dutiful daughter tasks.
No one can be faulted for taking care of an aging parent.
If we could help, in any way…" Harry let the thought hang there, between them.
"I asked, Harry, the only thing I could get her to accept was a note now and then, via owl."
"Then that's all we'll send," Harry said as he stood.
"Look at the time!
Lunch?
Have to eat sometime."
"Someplace that serves salads," said Pansy.
"I haven't been paying close enough attention.
Have to get some discipline back."
Harry looked at Pansy, then checked himself in a wall mirror.
"We're presentable enough, for Al-Andalus, aren't we?"
he asked.
Pansy thought over what Harry'd just asked.
Al-Andalus had an excellent kitchen and some of the best salads on the planet, but it was expensive.
What's more, it was one of the restaurants in magical London that virtually guaranteed a recognizable person would be recognized.
That is why a lot of people chose it.
A magical person didn't go there if they cared about being recognized, and a lot of them went precisely to be recognized.
Ever since the Battle of Hogwarts, Harry had kept a low profile.
He wasn't a recluse, although given his string of batterings he certainly would have been entitled.
He liked socializing, while being very picky about the people he socialized with.
That kept Potter sightings restricted to homes and a few public places.
Pansy thought Harry must be having one of his rare sociable days, if he was in the mood for Al-Andalus.
During the first weeks after the final battle, Harry recognized that he was a mess.
He made people mad.
He blew up a series of promising romantic relationships in a very short time, all over inconsequential matters.
He tried self-medicating, mainly with alcohol.
When he observed alcohol wasn't fixing anything, he had the sense to leave it alone.
Harry asked around and found that there were a number of magical schools for therapy and self-help.
He tried several, finally settling with a magical therapist who used guided meditation and magical exercises that enhanced self-affirmations.
There were some rough spots.
Meditation brought out some trauma that Harry had had to patch over so he could function well enough to get on with the fight.
The damage lay there alongside his unresolved and unexpressed emotional reactions.
Harry dealt with those, one by one.
He put himself through his exercises again and again.
He was determined to make himself fit company for decent people.
Being magical, and making himself decent enough for magical company lowered the bar to a degree, but he still had to work at it.
Eventually he felt like he could go out in public, interact a little bit, and not be a danger to himself or others.
With luck and conscious self-discipline he wouldn't even be a jackass.
Pansy knew all that.
She wondered if the clientele at Al-Andalus would be content to mind its own business in the presence of Harry Potter.
There was one way to find out.
If he took her along there probably wouldn't be any catastrophic damage.
"Chef salad, no meat, please," Pansy told the waiter.
"Same," said Harry.
"Tall ice water, two or three lemon wedges?"
"Of course, Mr. Potter, Madam," said the waiter with two little bows.
"Gone vegetarian, Harry?"
asked Pansy.
"No.
It just simplified the order if I took the same as you."
"What next?"
Pansy asked.
She wondered if she'd get a coherent answer.
Harry took a half baguette from the basket in the middle of the table and broke it again, more or less in the middle.
"Will you accept one of these?"
Harry asked, holding out the two non-halves.
"End piece?
The one that was more in the middle?"
"Harry, you know that I know you always like the end piece.
Why do you always put me in this position?"
"You're the only person I know who is bothered by it.
Everyone else just takes the piece from the middle," Harry said.
Pansy reached for the piece from the middle.
She pinched off a chunk and dropped the rest on her little bread plate.
"Ohhh," Pansy said when she'd finished swallowing the first bite of bread.
"I've heard there is an elf in back that does nothing but bread.
Must be a saint.
An elf saint."
"Why's that?"
Harry asked.
"Because that bread is heavenly," said Pansy.
"That has got to be…" Harry began.
"What?"
asked Pansy.
"No, I can't," said Harry.
"I…value your friendship too much."
Had it been anyone else, Pansy would have thought the next conversational exchange would contain Harry's proposition to kill the afternoon at a nearby hotel.
She'd been working with Harry for a number of months, though, and the proposition hadn't come yet.
She was glad.
Pansy enjoyed doing the things Harry asked her to do, like tracking down missing classmates who were practically on the edge of the tundra.
She wasn't feeling romantic about him, nor did she think she would, ever.
She liked thinking he was just comfortable with her, as she was with him.
The one time she'd brought it up, Harry thought he was being asked why he wasn't hitting on Pansy.
He'd danced around trying not to say he didn't find her attractive while conveying the idea that he was not feeling attracted to her.
It was funny, in retrospect.
Pansy had written down some of the dialog.
She thought it could be turned into a one act play.
"Does she need help?"
Harry's question went from baguette chat back to Pansy's last project, without warning or segue.
"Hmm?"
Pansy asked, working another piece of bread.
"Oh, Morag?
Harry, it's hard to say.
She was testy at first.
Demanding.
What did I want?
Told me if she sensed I was lying even a little I could just climb the fence and disapparate back whence I'd come."
"Is there a way to make their lives easier?
Household help?
An elf?
Regular food deliveries?"
Harry asked.
"Morag said the cottage is what her mother wants.
That's where she lived with her husband.
The last one, anyway, Morag's father.
I'd be careful and know exactly what I was proposing, and what the ramifications would be, before I made any offers."
"I couldn't say I knew her well at school," Harry said.
"Although, I did find out about the parents, for some reason.
It's remarkable how she managed to finish her basic education and go on for her qualifications in the midst of some serious disruption.
Commendable."
Pansy snorted.
The vocabulary Harry used to talk about the resistance to Voldemort could be surprising, and funny.
He didn't like to call the conflict between the magical factions a war, although that was what it amounted to.
Instead, he'd use 'serious disruption' or 'the recent period' and let that stand for the civil war within Magical Britain.
"Who was she friends with at school?
Who were her chums?"
Harry asked.
"I can ask around," Pansy said.
"Why don't we do that?"
asked Harry.
"We might develop some useful information about what kind of assistance we could provide, without giving offense."
"Will do," said Pansy.
"I'll keep you current."
Harry nodded and went back to his salad.
"This is good," he said, letting a chunk of the excellent bread sit in the oil on the bottom of his bowl.
Harry picked up the bread with his fork and put it in his mouth.
He closed his eyes while he chewed.
"Maybe I'll get Morag and her mother a baguette," he said.
"I wonder if they'd let me buy one to take?"
"Oh, something tells me if you asked the waiter for a baguette they might make some special accommodation," said Pansy.
"Really?
Well, I'm going to give it a try," said Harr.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Four Romilda "I'm inclined to drop this off on the way back to the office," Harry said as he cradled the baguette in both hands, holding it tenderly like a new-born baby.
"It's still warm.
Be a shame to let it start drying out.
I don't suppose you know if Madam MacDougal was devoted to Tom Riddle also known as…" "Know where you're going?"
asked Pansy.
"No, I thought," Harry began.
"Not surprised," said Pansy.
"That's fine, I'll be happy to take you."
"Do you mind?"
Harry asked.
"If you've got something to do…" "Anything I have to do can wait half an hour while we do a bread delivery," said Pansy.
"That's very accommodating of you," Harry said.
"Let's see, from here…" The alley behind the Leaky Cauldron was the nearest convenient apparition point.
A short time later Harry and Pansy stood across the stile from the MacDougal cottage, baguette in hand.
"Morag, look who's here!"
Pansy called.
Morag came out the front door once more.
"Pansy, what have you done?"
Morag asked.
A little distress came through in her voice.
"Brought you and Madam a fresh baguette, that's all, I swear," Pansy said.
Harry and Pansy stood there, waiting to be invited inside the property.
"Fine, come on in," sighed Morag.
She walked out into the yard, two or three meters from the door.
"Morag, good to see you," Harry said as he approached.
He extended his hand.
"We were eating lunch and the bread was so good we asked if we could get a whole loaf to take.
Everyone needs bread, but, of course, pardon my presumption if you don't."
"We eat bread," Morag confirmed.
She motioned with a little head toss.
"Come on in, please."
Morag waved a hand at the kitchen table, so Harry and Pansy chose a chair apiece and sat down.
Morag pointed her wand at a tea kettle and it started making boiling water sounds.
Tea followed, perfectly steeped, although Harry hadn't noticed Morag checking her watch.
"Morag, Pansy was telling me about you being out here, taking care of your mum, and I wanted to come by, offer any help you might need, and share one of these baguettes.
We just had a very nice lunch in London and it didn't seem right.
So, here it is."
Harry presented the baguette, both hands out in front, arms extended.
Morag started to laugh.
"Nice," she said.
"Very nice.
Everyone needs bread, I suppose, just as you said."
"And that's it, Morag," said Harry.
"Thank-you for the tea.
It's delicious.
We can send up anything you want.
More tea.
Coffee.
We're not pushing."
"I appreciate the concern," said Morag.
"Mother spends most of her time in bed.
We get up once or twice a day.
She still enjoys some fresh air in the morning, so we go outside and sit together."
"She had a stroke?"
Harry asked.
"Even magical methods…" "No, witches are human," said Morag.
"Sometimes the human body just breaks.
Magical or muggle, there's no difference.
When the brain is damaged it's damaged.
Younger people can work at their rehabilitation and it's possible to come back.
At two hundred plus, there isn't a lot left to work with, even with magic."
"I see," said Harry.
He took the last little sip of tea in his cup.
Looking around the room Harry started to notice how everything gave off an air of efficiency.
There was no sign the cottage had ever been wired for electricity.
The roof was thatch.
Harry looked for spider webs but didn't see any.
"Pansy?
Finished?"
"Yes, Harry," Pansy said.
"Last chance, Morag.
Anything we can send north?"
"A note now and then, as we discussed," Morag said.
"Harry, if Pansy didn't make it clear, I'm here as long as Mum needs me.
To the end, essentially."
"Whatever you want to do, Morag," Harry said.
"No one's judging.
Pansy?"
When Pansy hugged Morag this time, Morag hugged back.
Something had started thawing the icy reserve.
Harry and Pansy crossed the stile and disapparated.
A few minutes later they were back in the London office sharing thoughts about their excursion.
"Anything?"
Pansy asked.
"Not that I can think of," said Harry.
"Morag has something to do that she obviously wants to do.
She's functioning socially, although I couldn't tell if she was having to make an effort.
She used magic appropriately for an everyday task.
Nothing very complicated but she didn't blow the house up.
Let's stay in contact.
She can reach out if she wants more than that."
"Why don't you go home for the day?"
Harry went on.
"And do what?"
Pansy shot back.
"Read the magical financial press and see what you want to do about your investments," Harry replied.
"My investments, such as they are, are in the goblins' hands," said Pansy.
"If I took any more interest they would resent me for poking my nose in where it doesn't belong."
"If I go home, then, would you go?"
Harry asked.
"Probably not," Pansy replied.
"I might try to find someone to go shop with for a couple of hours."
"Why don't you do that?"
Harry said, standing up from his chair.
"That's enough for one day."
Harry let Pansy out and closed the door, tapping the door handle with his wand to set the lock.
The lock wasn't important, but the wards that engaged along with it were.
"Bye, then," Harry said as he took off toward home.
Pansy walked through Diagon Alley toward the Leaky Cauldron.
If she was going to find a witch for a little shopping, or another cup of tea, she'd be someplace on Pansy's route.
Taking her time, as long as she was out, about, and at loose ends, Pansy lingered in front of windows full of stock, studying the old favorites along with the new items that had shown up after the fighting ended.
The magical world was very traditional and took its time before accepting anything the new.
Magical culture revered itself, in truth.
Pansy enjoyed studying the school robes on display in Madame Malkin's.
She moved along, taking note of the owls, quidditch supplies and equipment, then stopped short at Fortescue's Ice Cream Shop.
The enameled sign on the front of the shop always did a number on Pansy.
It showed a glass cup that sat on a little stand, a scoop of orange and a scoop of lemon sherbet garnished with some pineapple chunks.
Painted just beneath the cup was the command: ENJOY!
"Just what I need," thought Pansy as she went inside.
One order for a cup's worth with pineapple chunks later, Pansy sat at a marble-topped table, taking her time with little spoonsful of sherbet.
Pansy's eyes were closed as she let her treat melt on her tongue, so she didn't see Romilda Vane enter Fortescue's or stop at her table.
"Mmm," she was thinking, until Romilda intervened.
"Pansy Parkinson," said Romilda.
Pansy opened her eyes.
"Romilda?
Where did you come from?"
"Not back from the dead," said Romilda.
"Oh," said Pansy before she ran out of words.
"You were under the impression…?"
asked Romilda.
"Oh, I guess I was," said Pansy.
"What a surprise.
Why?"
"Did the rumors start?
I don't know," said Romilda.
"I've never been dead, I assure you.
That I know of, that is."
"Alright, then, ice cream?
Tea?
Sit down and catch your breath?"
"I'll get it," said Romilda.
"May I?"
She put her shopping bag on an empty chair without waiting for Pansy's answer.
Romilda came back from the counter with a cup of vanilla drizzled with chocolate and a glass of water.
"So," said Romilda after she'd taken her seat.
"Tell me what you heard."
"You'd disappeared," said Pansy.
"Lots of theories why, as you'd expect.
I noticed there was never a confirming fact or a secondary source.
Not right away, of course.
Know what an urban legend is?
It's kind of a muggle thing."
"I've heard of it," said Romilda.
"I was married off, just as your seventh year collapsed.
That was my fifth.
Sold, really.
My husband had outlived his wife and wanted a bedwarmer and someone to fetch him a brandy when he woke up at night.
I was younger than some of his grandchildren."
"Merlin," gasped Pansy.
"And now…" "I'm a widow," said Romilda.
"Cast out by my husband's heir.
I'm never to darken the creepy door of their creepy castle in their creepy valley ever again.
As you can see, I'm devastated."
"Merlin," Pansy said again.
"Guess I just said that."
"You did," said Romilda.
"What about you?
You didn't marry Draco Malfoy, it appears."
Romilda looked at Pansy's hands, which were bereft of rings.
"We came to our senses," said Pansy.
"Thank Merlin we'd waited and didn't get overly physical too soon.
No half-growns at my place or his asking when they'll see Mum or Dad again."
Romilda laughed.
"Same here," she said.
"His late lordship had big ideas but lacked equipment sufficient to implement them."
Pansy struggled to keep the volume of her laughter down.
They were in an ice cream parlor, not some rowdy late-night wizard's dive.
"Sounds bad," said Pansy.
"It does, and it was," said Romilda.
"My father and I are, I think, permanently estranged.
My mother made a pro forma request to me to do it for the family and make the best of it.
Needless to say, I don't find myself pining for the comfort of her arms and bosom."
"And now you're back," said Pansy.
"Welcome home."
Something about the welcome penetrated Romilda's cynical armor and her eyes started looking well-watered.
She dropped her head and focused on her ice cream.
"What are you doing for housing?"
Pansy asked.
"Oh, wait, if that was inappropriate…" "Not at all," said Romilda.
"I am dipping into some funds the late husband transferred to me when he was alive.
Without going into it in more detail than necessary, I took my mother's advice and made the best of it.
Merlin knows they weren't going to be keeping an eye on me.
I'm in a muggle hotel just off the Oxford High Street.
I ducked into Diagon Alley for a few necessities they don't stock over there.
Otherwise I prefer to limit my time around our kind.
My late stepson's circle, you know."
Pansy didn't like the direction Romilda's side of the conversation seemed to be headed.
She was limiting her time with magicals.
Her husband and his son were both recently deceased.
The stepson's circle—what?
Took umbrage?
Was trying to trace her?
Pansy took a spoonful of both flavors and put it in her mouth.
She was trying to sort through everything Romilda had told her.
Even as she worried the facts she knew it was a fool's errand, because Romilda spoke volumes at the same time she was editing all that she said.
"Do you need help?"
Pansy asked, lowering her head and muttering into the table top.
"Disappear?"
"Not just yet," said Romilda, giving Pansy a half-smile.
"Is that your line of work?"
She sounded genuinely interested.
"No," said Pansy.
"It's just, with the fighting, some people did find obscure places…One hears."
"Ummm…" Romilda said, voice back at a conversational level, "This is so good.
I'd forgotten the therapeutic value of Fortescue's ice cream.
Romilda leaned into the table a little and looked straight at Pansy.
"I'm so glad I came in here this afternoon, Pansy.
Could an owl find you these days?"
She began getting ready to leave, gathered the handles on her shopping bag and pushed her chair back.
Pansy took a good look at Romilda's widow's weeds, then nodded.
"Good," said Romilda as she stood.
She stepped around the table and leaned down.
Pansy half-stood, touching her cheek to Romilda's, then her school-days acquaintance was gon.
cknowledgment: None of this is mine—it all belongs to JKR.
Proceed accordingly.
AN: Thanks to everyone who has taken the time to read the opening chapters, with special thanks to those leaving a note.
Merit and Inheritance Chapter Five Magical Business Pansy left for home soon after Romilda departed Fortescue's.
She'd intended to finish her strolling through Diagon Alley but decided instead to pass by a greengrocer's she liked and pick up some more salad components.
She opened the door to her flat and put her purchases in the sink.
The greens went into a bowl of water to soak, and Pansy decided to give herself the same.
Lying back in the tub was supposed to let her relax and get rid of the tension from her day of running around and strange revelations.
Instead, she found that the only thing she could think about was Romilda's tale of marriage and widowhood.
Then there were those curious questions about whether Pansy's line of work was helping people disappear, and if an owl could find her.
Pansy formed competing theories before she finished her soak.
Romilda might not be in immediate danger but there was a possibility someone from her late husband's family would blame her for his death and seek retribution.
She'd also mentioned her 'late step-son,' whatever that meant.
The other possibility was that Romilda was a very young widow, who seemed to have come away from her short marriage with a little bit of capital.
Perhaps she was anticipating the word would get out and she'd become a target for magical gigolos and fortune hunters.
Pansy stood up and pulled the stopper from the drain.
Turning, she studied herself in the full-length mirror that hung on the back of the bathroom door.
She had a tendency to put on a little more roundness at her waist than she liked.
She didn't look out of proportion today.
Pansy did a lot of sit-ups and leg lifts.
She wasn't trying to overdo the definition, she just wanted a flat belly.
She turned left, then right.
She thought she looked a little saggy in back.
That would not do.
Pansy resolved to find more steps to climb, or perhaps a hill she could run up and down.
She checked up top.
Perfect, as always.
She knew before she looked.
Almost dry by the time she'd finished her self-evaluation, Pansy took her bathrobe from the row of pegs next to the door and left for the kitchen.
Cutting up vegetables for her salad was an exercise in concentration.
Pansy knew if she started rerunning her conversation with Romilda Vane she'd undoubtedly slice open a thumb, which wasn't a huge problem for a witch with a wand and a repertoire of healing charms.
It slowed things down, though, and it hurt.
Salad built, anointed with oil, vinegar, black pepper and lemon juice, Pansy sat down in her little combination living and dining room and began to eat.
She remembered her salad from lunch and how good the bread had tasted.
She had a half baguette left in the breadbox that rested on the kitchen counter.
She broke a generous chunk from the baguette and put it on a small plate next to her salad bowl, reminding herself to go easy as she already had to increase her sit-ups and find that hill to run up.
Next morning, Pansy allowed herself one boiled egg and a single, half-slice of toast, dry.
Her calendar said she had the afternoon free.
She'd been needing to make the trip to the Parkinson Estate to check on her mother.
Essentially a widow, although Lord Parkinson was alive, if incarceration in Azkaban qualifies, Mrs. Parkinson gardened, with the help of some elves, and played cards with a small group of witches around her age.
The Parkinsons also had a hill, not too steep, that Pansy thought might be just the thing to restore perkiness to her tailward aspect.
She had been late in getting a backside worthy of comment, so she was especially appreciative of hers, when it was looking its best.
She resolved to spare no effort in putting things right back there.
"Morning, Harry," Pansy called when she entered the office.
Harry Potter lowered the Daily Prophet as he swung his feet down from his desk.
His chair gave an extended squeak as he straightened up and swiveled to face Pansy.
"Good morning, Pansy," Harry said.
"Do anything interesting after work?"
"As a matter of fact," Pansy said, "No."
"Pity," said Harry.
"Me neither."
"As luck would have it, though, something interesting did happen to me, without me doing anything," Pansy said.
"Be careful," Harry said as his danger detectors began to spin.
"Those can open up into real situations before you know what is happening.
Then you've got your hands full."
"Oddly enough," Pansy began as she sat down.
Pansy told Harry about her stop for ice cream at Fortescue's, Romilda Vane's appearance, and her tale of marriage and widowhood.
"Just a bit strange she thinks she has to go to ground in Muggle London, though, isn't it?"
Harry asked.
"I thought so," said Pansy.
"If she's trying to disappear, why come right back home, especially if she has a little money to spend?
Why not Montreal?
Sydney?"
Harry watched Pansy's face.
It appeared she liked the idea of a Montreal or a Sydney.
"Ever been to either?"
Harry asked.
"No, I read about them in travel magazines," said Pansy.
"Okay, so we have a check mark on the list, next to Romilda's name, we know she's in Britain and she's safe, as of yesterday.
Location undetermined, other than a muggle hotel somewhere near Oxford High Street," Harry said.
"Have you done any more thinking about Morag?"
"Yes, I have," said Pansy.
"Harry, I think we should leave her alone.
Maintain contact but hands-off.
I thought it over and she feels she has a duty.
Madam MacDougal's time is short and Morag wants to make her feel safe and as happy as she can for whatever's left to her."
"We agree, then," said Harry.
"Can you check on her every couple of weeks?
And, if her mother goes, offer our help.
Afterwards, too.
She'll need a job, I expect, unless there is a lot more to that little farm than what we saw yesterday."
"Of course, Harry," said Pansy.
Harry wasn't saying anything.
He just sat there, apparently fascinated by the corner where the ceiling met the wall behind her.
"Romilda?"
"Yes.
No.
I don't know," said Harry.
"Related to Romilda, I guess.
Feel like going over to the ministry and looking through the marriage registry?
I wonder if Romilda got married here, or at her husband's?
There might be some interesting reading in the archives."
"Of course, Harry," said Pansy.
"Anything after that?"
"Doubt it, unless something new comes in," Harry said.
"You've made notes?
Or you can, by the time we're done this afternoon?"
"I've made notes," said Pansy, "First draft.
I can get you a clean copy, with edits, by the end of the day."
"Why don't you write everything up?
Tomorrow's fine," said Harry.
"There's something I've been wanting to get done, so I'll be out this afternoon.
Might not come back at all.
If not, I'll see you in the morning."
Harry made sure Pansy was gone, then he let himself out and locked up.
He didn't know if he'd be back in the event Pansy returned to the office, but she had access, with her wand, to everything except a small personal safe that sat behind Harry's desk.
Harry's office was in a modest building located on a little magical mews convenient to Diagon Alley.
Harry found the building right after the end of the fighting.
He'd walked past and saw a sign on the door saying it was for sale.
The whole building looked vacant.
The location indicated it was used to magical occupants, and, by extension, accustomed to lots of spells, wards, hexes, jinxes and maintenance charms.
He contacted the agent and was quoted a very favorable price.
Harry decided to take a chance on Magical Britain's recovery, met with a mortgage officer at Gringotts' and bought his first piece of real estate.
He'd had to put up #12 Grimmauld Place as collateral.
He didn't think he was really putting his inheritance from Sirius at risk because he believed in the magical economy's ability to bounce back, stronger than ever, following the removal of Voldemort.
Roughly seven years on, events proved Harry right.
He'd kept the ground floor for the offices of Harry Potter and Associates.
There were two more floors above the office.
They'd been used mostly for storage.
When he'd acquired the building, the top floor had lost most of its windows and sported layers of bat and pigeon droppings.
Harry brought Kreacher from #12 Grimmauld Place and showed him the mess.
"Can you do this?
Without straining your magic, of course?"
he asked.
"If Kreacher could suggest, Master, there are elves who specialize in these, ahh, unusually difficult situations?"
"Of course," Harry said.
"Do you know any who do good work?
Will you get in contact and get me a price?"
Kreacher took Harry literally, of course, disapparating from the top floor space and returning shortly with an elvish couple, Mort and Daisy.
Mort wore what appeared to have once been the kind of shorts with large patch pockets worn by suburban householders for Saturday yard maintenance.
Mort's feet were bare and his outfit was completed with a child's souvenir shirt from a popular muggle theme park.
Daisy was in an elf-sized gingham housedress, topped off by a carefully ironed white apron.
"Very pleased to make your acquaintance," Harry said.
Kreacher's introduction had been one way, simply presenting Mort and Daisy to 'Master.'
"I'm Harry Potter, and I've just bought this building," Harry continued.
There followed at least a full minute of 'Ooooh' and 'Ahhh' at the elves' good fortune in getting to meet the great wizard and defender of elves, Harry Potter.
Eventually, Harry was able to continue.
"As you can see, we won't be able to use this floor until there has been a thorough cleanup.
I can't even begin to think about repairs with things in this condition.
I'd like…" That was as far as he got.
Mort and Daisy turned and walked away from Harry and Kreacher, inventorying the rooms, noting tasks to be done and dividing up the labor.
In a few minutes they were back.
"Can we begin?"
Daisy asked.
"Can you do it?"
Harry asked.
He looked at Kreacher.
That was what he wanted to know, originally, that and the cost.
"Absolutely, sir," said Mort.
"Just give us the word."
"And the cost?"
Harry asked.
Mort and Daisy looked at each other, then both turned toward Kreacher.
"Master, Mort and Daisy will appreciate the opportunity," Kreacher said.
He looked at the elf couple and said something Harry didn't understand, at the same time he nudged Harry toward the hallway.
Mort and Daisy split up and went to work.
Snapping fingers cleaned glass, brought animal droppings together in piles and swept gobs of cobwebs from corners.
"What?"
Harry asked when he and Kreacher were alone.
"Master, the elves will be hurt if Master offers them money," Kreacher began.
"Mort and Daisy are grateful for the work.
If they don't exercise their magic they become ill. Master will have them fit by evening if he keeps them busy."
Harry thought over what Kreacher told him.
"In that case," he said.
"Perhaps we'll continue on to the second floor when this one is clean."
Cleaning the second floor led to a discussion about repairs needed on two and three, some additional lighting, replacing the plumbing throughout the building.
Mort had the new fixtures connected with the new supply and drain lines by the end of the day.
"Mort, have you done window replacement?"
asked Harry.
"Yes, Master Harry," said the elf.
It was obvious Mort struggled to contain his excitement.
"Your building would be quite handsome if it had some new windows."
"Great," Harry said.
"That is our first priority for tomorrow then—new windows throughout.
Double pane?
That would help keep the noise down, I think."
Mort rubbed his hands and grinned.
The window job sounded like an excellent challenge.
"Our interiors need some attention," Harry said.
"Daisy, what would you think you'd do if we started on a complete makeover inside these two?
Patching all the plaster, stripping the wood trim, new paint?
Probably one coat of a white primer on the walls, then two coats of the finish?
White ceilings, I think.
Colors, for the walls.
We'd want to stick strictly to magical colors."
Harry's guess was correct.
Daisy loved interiors, colors and magic.
She wanted to get started.
Harry had to remind everyone they had another day ahead, and besides, he'd called a halt to the day's work.
Harry had dinner at #12 Grimmauld Place that evening.
The food was exceptional, even by Kreacher's standards.
Harry watched Kreacher coming and going.
All of the old lethargic air was gone.
Kreacher was quick and efficient.
Harry was presented with a substantial bowl of profiterole for dessert, even though he seldom requested dessert, and Kreacher generally did not plan the menu to include it.
"Something you wanted to discuss, Kreacher?"
Harry asked.
Kreacher's pointed nose nearly touched the floor, his answering bow was so low.
"Since Master has asked, so kindly, Kreacher did want to inquire if Master had given any thought to the dungeon below #12 Grimmauld Place?
Master might find many uses for his dungeon, were it available."
Harry kept his spoon in front of his mouth, failing to keep the grin from showing but having no other item behind which he could hide.
"The only time I looked, Kreacher," Harry said, "The dungeon was so full of…of…I don't know how to describe what's down there.
It doesn't rise to the level of junk, I don't believe."
"Master is already thinking Kreacher's thoughts, so wise, so thoughtful," said the elf.
"If the time comes when Master is finished working with his new building, Mort and Daisy will be seeking employment and it occurred to Kreacher that Master might wish to reclaim his dungeon, and restore it to usefulness?"
Harry thought about the uses he might have for his dungeon.
If it was expandable, an indoor quidditch pitch might be one possibility.
It also occurred to him that Kreacher might have fond memories of the dungeon, under the Blacks, that Harry would rather not know about.
The work on Harry's new building was done quickly and efficiently.
The top two floors became apartments, for which Harry found magical renters almost immediately.
The rent was sufficient to cover the monthly payment on the mortgage so Harry got his office for free.
Harry didn't know what he'd be doing in his office, although he had a feeling he was going to need an office, and that he would be wanting it in a location that got him away from his house most days.
At the same time, even if he didn't want his working office at home, that didn't mean the working office couldn't have all the conveniences.
Harry drew on the elves' collective expertise, cut about a third of the most extravagant options from the list, and treated himself to an office suitable for the chief executive of his organization.
The elves did such a good job, and he had so much fun working with them on the project, he went right on and fixed up another office in similar style, for when he had a COO or General Manager or something of the sort.
Most of Harry's business consisted of attending to his minimal personal maintenance and monitoring his interests at Gringotts' Bank.
He'd turned his real estate investment around so quickly he decided to meet with his mortgage officer and discuss refinancing.
He had income from the property sufficient to service the mortgage.
The apartments were snapped up as soon as he put them on the market, a strong indicator of the marketability, and therefore profitability of the building.
Harry sat across the desk and made his case.
He didn't expect the goblin to be an easy sell.
He was a goblin, and he loaned money.
Difficult combination.
"And, of course, you or one of your colleagues is welcome to make a personal visit and look around, at any time," Harry concluded.
The mortgage officer studied the pages Harry brought showing the purchase price, the income from the two apartments, and the property description.
"You did this in less than three months, Mr. Potter," declared the goblin.
"Um, I suppose so," Harry said, trying to remember the timeline for his purchase.
"From derelict building to profitable investment, so quickly," said the goblin.
"Remarkable, for a wizard…" Harry looked up.
He knew about goblin prejudices, of course, every wizard did.
He must have let his guard down and shown displeasure.
"I mean no offense, of course, Mr. Potter," the goblin said, "Merely an observation.
Well, I think Gringotts can accommodate you.
You wish to refinance, paying off the old mortgage, redeeming the lien on #12 Grimmauld Place, and pledging the property itself as collateral for the loan.
Have I stated everything correctly?"
"Yes, exactly," Harry said.
The goblin looked at a ledger, drawing a fingernail down a column of figures.
"Right," he said when he turned back toward Harry.
"In essence, Gringotts initiates a new loan, for which the same fees that applied when you borrowed the original amount will be charged.
There are fixed costs involved in loan origination that the bank must recover even if the original loan is only a few months old.
You will need to apply for the loan as you did before.
I'll have the parchment ready for signature tomorrow afternoon.
The bank will get an independent appraisal so that an accurate figure appears in the mortgage documentation.
I don't doubt you've added considerable value to the property just by occupying it and cleaning it up.
Its condition before, well, that's the reason for the very favorable price you paid, isn't it?"
"It needed some work, certainly," Harry allowed.
"Yes, excellent observation," said the mortgage officer, peering at Harry from across his desk.
"I can almost see a little goblin around the eyes.
Are you sure you are all wizard, not, perhaps, a distant relation?"
That got to Harry, who laughed out loud, stood, and extended his hand across the desk.
"Pleasure doing business," Harry said.
"The pleasure is ours, Mr. Potter, make no mistake," said his interlocutor.
"I look forward to many years of partnership."
Harry had a little income from earnings on investments, primarily shares in the profits of two potions that were perennial best-sellers with no effective competition in the market.
Harry's building marked his first foray into making something of himself.
He could have lived frugally on the bit of income he'd inherited.
He knew people who did.
He'd taken away a lesson from his tumultuous early life, though.
One never knew what tomorrow would bring.
What if tomorrow brought disaster?
Then one might be glad to have a bit put asid.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Six Tragedy, Comedy, Mystery After Harry sent Pansy to do some reading-in at the Ministry Records Office he stood outside his office door and considered his options for going home.
It was a nice day, so he decided to walk.
He lingered in the entryway and cast a little occlusion charm.
He didn't feel like stopping for conversation, either in Diagon Alley or walking through Muggle London.
While he walked, he thought.
He considered Morag's situation from this perspective and that.
He concluded Pansy had settled on the right approach and put Morag out of his mind.
Harry wondered if Pansy was aware Romilda'd had a serious schoolgirl crush on him?
He certainly hadn't forgotten.
It had nearly cost Ron Weasley his life, although the end of that chain of events wasn't entirely Romilda's fault.
It would be interesting to see what Pansy turned up in the archives, if anything.
Pansy showed real concern when she was recounting her conversation with Romilda.
If she was lucky, Romilda's story sounded worse than it was.
Harry's route took him past a magical news agent and coffee bar that was one of the reasons he'd chosen to live in London.
The periodicals on sale were predominantly magical with a few popular muggle imprints of the lotto, football results and big color photo variety.
Harry seldom picked up a paper or magazine, of any sort.
He'd tried reading, after the Battle of Hogwarts, as a diversion and part of his therapy.
He couldn't maintain his focus, which obviated the purpose of the exercise.
Harry did often go around with a paperback volume of one of Shakespeare's plays, which he could read, as long as he was alone and could read all the parts aloud.
He had no idea why that worked, just that it did.
The coffee bar served an excellent espresso.
Harry ordered a double, and a glass of ice water, which he took to a round, stand-up table near the front window, sipping while he studied the street.
Harry had to reverse his occlusion when he entered, otherwise he would not have been able to order his espresso.
He hoped his location in the room would be sufficient for him to escape notice.
The pedestrians he watched were writing novels, if one suspended judgment and left them alone.
Novels to become lost in.
Harry considering the muggle pedestrians very gracious to act out their novels for a damaged wizard who couldn't read a novel for pleasure.
"Hello, Harry," said a voice at Harry's elbow.
Harry knew who it was without turning, because it was such a beautiful voice, one he often heard in his dreams.
The owner was about the same height as Harry, with a headful of wavy hair that sat at the intersection of honey and lightly browned toast.
He was smiling before he twisted around to say hello to the voice's owner.
"Daphne," he said.
"You're…here."
"I am," she said.
"Can you stay for a coffee?
Tea?
Butterbeer?"
Harry asked.
"I didn't know they served butterbeer here," said Daphne.
"I just took a guess," Harry said.
"I don't know, either, whether, I mean."
Daphne gave him a skeptical look.
"So, Harry, what is going on with you?"
Daphne asked.
She had a way of cutting through unnecessary impedimenta to get to the information she really wanted.
"Business," said Harry.
"I own a building, or two, and there is another one available.
I think I'm going to make an offer."
"And your do-gooding?"
"Oh, I try," said Harry.
"First, do no harm.
It applies to do-gooding just like it does in healing."
Daphne looked like she wanted to compliment Harry for the wisdom he was showing.
Instead she simply nodded.
Harry waited for Daphne to say something, anything, just to keep the conversation going, but it didn't seem like she was interested enough.
She was still standing there, looking at him, though.
Could it hurt to try a little harder?
Oh, why not?
"Can I get you something?
Or we could go somewhere, maybe have something to eat?
It's early, I know…" Daphne stared into Harry's eyes, not reacting at all.
A smile did break through, finally.
"I do happen to be free," Daphne said.
"Not expected home?
Sorry, that's prying, isn't it?"
said Harry.
"No, and yes," Daphne advised, "Prying isn't a capital crime, last time I looked."
"Thank Merlin," Harry said.
"So, espresso here, or do I drink up and we depart?"
"It's early, for dinner," said Daphne.
"We could pass by the house," Harry suggested.
"You haven't seen it since it's been cleaned up.
You won't be in mortal danger, I promise."
Daphne showed Harry her Sphinx face again.
"Fine," she said, her decision carrying the weight of an official pronouncement.
"I suppose you're walking?"
She knew he was odd that way, for a wizard.
"I was," Harry said.
"We don't have to."
"Oh, I don't want to miss the observations of this and that along the way," said Daphne.
Harry took his last sip of espresso.
Stepping out onto the old-fashioned cast iron steps, he held the door open for Daphne as she followed him out and down onto the sidewalk.
"Hold still," he said, casting his occlusionary charm on the two of them.
The distance from the espresso bar to #12 Grimmauld Place wasn't long, not quite two miles.
Harry tried not to overdo the observation of the street scene.
He hadn't decided just how to take Daphne's comment on his customary tour-guidance.
Maybe he was too wordy or came off sounding judgmental.
That might be a subject for some future meditation.
They approached #12 from the far side of the park.
Harry always liked coming up on the house from that direction.
The row of townhouses was pleasing to look at, a handsome London block with an ageless quality.
He calculated the timing of his charm so the steps appeared for them just when they were needed.
"Please," Harry said, motioning Daphne to go ahead.
"Kreacher," said Daphne.
"Miss Daphne," Kreacher replied as he bowed in greeting.
"Welcome back to #12 Grimmauld Place."
"Perhaps a pot of tea, Kreacher?"
Harry said.
"Miss Daphne may wish to freshen up, then, if it pleases her, I suggest the garden."
Harry looked over at Daphne, awaiting an answer to the implied question, but Daphne didn't feel like giving anything away.
She handed Kreacher her cloak, something diaphanous, probably acromantula silk, then stood still while she looked over the foyer, floor to ceiling.
"Wherever you want to entertain a guest, Harry," Daphne said.
"I will take a moment, thank-you.
I can see from here the powder room has had a makeover."
Harry left her to it and went on to the garden at the rear of the building.
He was still pondering the pros and cons of his prospective real estate deal when Harry heard the latch to the patio door.
"I took the liberty," Daphne said as she stepped out of the house, into the townhouse garden, carrying a tray with a teapot, two cups and two saucers.
Harry wondered how she had managed to get Kreacher to agree to that.
Perhaps his elf had a secret soft spot.
"Oh, thank-you," Harry said as he stood.
He'd never get to the bottom of it, so he'd be as gracious as possible and move on.
"The kitchen is spectacular, Harry," Daphne said.
"You could open a restaurant with that kitchen."
"Most of it was here, if you can believe it," Harry said.
"Kreacher really turned it on.
The key was getting everything out.
There was a place for nearly all of it, but over the years the disorganization won out.
Kreacher put it all somewhere, then came the cleaning, the trash-hauling, and the painting, then he brought everything back in and polished it before putting it away.
That's what you see now."
Harry thought perhaps he was going on too long and decided to shut up.
He picked up his teacup and put it to his lips, to make sure he wouldn't talk for a bit.
"The garden looks nice," Daphne said.
Harry didn't want to talk about the garden.
He wanted to know what Daphne Greengrass was doing, showing up at one of his magical London hangouts.
Daphne was a magical society healer.
A pureblood witch herself, her typical patient was from old money and lots of it.
She wouldn't have set foot in his magical newsstand/coffee bar on any imaginable errand save looking for Harry Potter.
Harry wondered if he was conversationally capable of teasing out Daphne's motivation.
Did he have the necessary skill?
"Thank-you," said Harry.
"That's Kreacher and two gardening elves he knows from somewhere.
Their magic is something to see.
They can't get rid of the stalks and dead leaves, for some reason.
I supply a good-sized bag and they stuff it full and take it with them when they go.
I've no idea what they do with it all."
Something about Harry's mystery, or the elves, or all of it put together struck Daphne as very funny.
She let out what was certainly a suppressed chuckle which got Harry laughing along.
With the ice broken, Harry and Daphne traded queries and answers concerning what each had been doing since they last saw one another.
Harry topped up the tea cups regularly, going through his best perfect host motions, hoping he was getting them right.
Eventually the pot of tea was dry and all the tea was in their cups, being sipped.
When they were done, they looked across the table.
"Did you want to get something to eat?"
Harry asked.
"This has gone so well, Harry," said Daphne.
"Can we save that?
For the next time?"
Harry must have shot her a questioning look.
"Yes, I will agree to a next time," Daphne added, in explanation.
Harry nodded, and stood.
He held out his hand.
"I've learned never to question your judgment," he said.
Harry kept Daphne's hand in his, not really gripping it, as they walked back through the main hall of #12 Grimmauld Place.
Kreacher waited at the front door, ready to hand Daphne her beautiful cloak.
"Well, then," Harry said.
"Until."
"Yes, Harry," said Daphne.
She added a beautiful smile, as a full stop, perhaps.
Then she stepped onto the top step of #12 Grimmauld Place and disapparated.
"More tea, Master Harry?"
asked Kreacher.
"Excellent suggestion, Kreacher," said Harry.
"I'll be in the garden."
Harry sat at the steel patio table, thinking about magical London real estate.
He found it fascinating, the way some people dress for the weather and go out birding, first thing in the morning, every day.
It was one of the subjects that could give his mind a place to rest, to get away from the puzzles he couldn't solve.
Open-ended questions, like, what in Hades did Daphne Greengrass have on her mind?
Harry put that aside, knowing it would be there, waiting, whenever he let his idle mind find its own subject matter.
In the meantime, he'd think about making a couple of galleons.
Magical real estate was a rarefied commodity.
There was only so much of it.
A wizard could buy a few acres out of town someplace.
If it didn't have the local muggle swimming hole on it, the land could accept enchantments for a wide variety of purposes.
The wizard could take it all the way to occlusion, if he wanted to.
Again, the presumption being the local muggle community wouldn't miss some well-established feature.
Urban blocks, on the other hand, seldom featured in mundane-to-magical conversions.
When both economies were growing, the demand for business fronts and housing ensured an offer would be forthcoming for almost any vacancy.
A wizard could buy a non-magical building, it went without saying.
However, he'd have a difficult time occluding an established landmark, were that a necessary part of his site plan.
That was the genesis of Harry's accumulation of magical real estate.
Even if he didn't have an immediate purpose when he bought it, Harry discovered those had a way of emerging, once he had acquired the asset.
His formula was the same as when he had bought and improved his very modest, first building near Diagon Alley.
Given a solid structure, Harry, Kreacher, Mort and Daisy could handle any amount of trash and detritus.
Mort loved working on plumbing, repairing laid-up brick and stone, replacing doors and windows.
Daisy was the same with paint, plaster molding and wooden trim.
Flats were usually rented before the renovations were complete.
Harry sat in the garden until nearly full dark.
He wasn't hungry enough for dinner, making do with a sandwich, an elaborate invention of Kreacher's, starting with a long roll, toasted, shredded mild cheddar, mixed greens, tomatoes and minced onion.
At some point, about halfway through the sandwich, Harry made his decision to buy the building.
He wasn't even concerned about the asking price, although that was a little high, by ten or fifteen percent.
Harry decided if he paid a little premium the renovations should make the building rentable at such a favorable rate he still ought to show a profit as soon as he found renters.
Harry started thinking about the rest of his evening.
He had treated an old friend to tea and conversation, eaten a substantial sandwich that took away his appetite for dinner and come to a decision about a business matter.
Other than making an appointment with a loan officer at Gringotts Bank and submitting a formal offer on the building he'd decided to buy, Harry could not come up with any useful ideas for the rest of the evening.
It was much too early to go upstairs to bed.
Harry looked at his watch.
"Oh, good," he thought.
It was fifteen minutes before curtain, plenty of time for a wizard to get to the theater.
Harry liked a small theater that employed a lot of young, talented actors.
It wasn't crowded for most performances, the exception being two or three times a year when one of the respected critics raved about a production.
About half of the plays were by Shakespeare, the other half new work or something from the canon.
Harry was pleasantly surprised to learn he'd be seeing Measure for Measure.
"Wow," Harry thought when he exited nearly three hours later.
The actors had thrown themselves into their roles.
Measure for Measure was counted among the comedies, Harry knew.
He pondered Isabel's fate, and that of the other female characters.
What happened to them wasn't the stuff of comedy.
He considered some witches of his acquaintance and decided magical Britain hadn't progressed very far in its treatment of witches.
Harry thought of Romilda Vane, whose own father had, according to the report from Pansy, sold her like a commodity to an ancient European wizard, who Mr. Vane then let carry his own daughter off to some gloomy castle.
Harry considered stopping for a nightcap at the Leaky Cauldron, decided against it and went on home by apparition.
His last thoughts before drifting off to sleep were of Daphne Greengrass, who had once given him the deepest, most debilitating crush he'd ever experienced.
It was too bad he had not sorted his emotional and behavioral issues before he was smitten.
Break up in haste, repent at leisure was genuine, practical wisdom.
They'd seen just enough of each other to plant a seed, which had begun to germinate.
There had been the beginnings of love, and it was still there.
That was his last conscious thought, and the cause of the smile he wore as he went to slee.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Seven Design and Coincidence "Well, that's interesting," said Harry Potter.
"As far as it goes.
Good work, Pansy.
I'm going to suggest, and you can tell me if you think I'm wrong, that we just leave it alone.
If it becomes obvious Romilda wants and needs help, we come back.
Otherwise we won't interfere in her life."
They were sitting in Harry's office at Harry Potter and Associates, drinking coffee that Kreacher had delivered.
Pansy Parkinson let the coffee slide over her tongue.
It was hot, but not too hot, and strong.
Just strong enough.
The subtle notes were there, in just the right relationship to the dominant arabica flavor.
"Kreacher is a genius," said Pansy.
"I may have said that before."
"Still true," said Harry.
"Okay, Romilda knows where to find me," said Pansy.
"I wonder what she'd like to do, now she's back here?"
"I'd say there's at least half a chance she'd like to live quietly and be left alone," Harry said.
"Sounds like the husband's family…" "They don't have a good record," Pansy allowed.
No, they didn't.
Pansy's research at the Ministry of Magic archives had taken a strange turn.
That wasn't a surprise, though, because research in magical archives was a dictionary definition of strange.
Romilda Vane's husband's family came to prominence in the late Roman period, holding a high valley in some rugged territory astride the boundary of the Alps proper.
They used magic to keep themselves independent during the centuries it took Roman law to deflate in their part of the world.
Whenever demobilized mercenaries or rootless brigands came to the valley looking for loot they had to travel through a forest that hadn't been visible from the high point where the band had reconnoitered their target.
They went in, and they didn't come out.
The odd straggler, the one lagging behind with the pack animals, might occasionally return to what passed for civilization with tales of fifty good, proven men going in.
That was it: going in.
There were always screams heard sufficient to curdle blood.
Some reported hearing the breaking of bones.
As the family's command of magic increased they ceased depending on their fighting skills to protect the valley and came to depend more and more on terror, living behind layers of wards of increasing power.
One legend spread all over that part of Europe—if a wizard could breach the last ward, he would gain a duchy and take his pick of all the females in the family.
An ancient witch, living in Vienna in the 1920's went on record stating the legend had elements of truth, although the only wizard to make it through the final wards slept with all of the fertile females, with the entire family's blessing, for a period of sixty days.
Then he was butchered and eaten at a banquet as a way of honoring him for his help in rejuvenating the family bloodlines.
The account was never confirmed because the witch died shortly after telling the tale, then the 1930's arrived bringing the horrors that convulsed Europe for the next fifteen years.
A few copies of the witch's tale survived in dusty files archived in magical ministries here and there.
"I have to say Pansy, that is an outstanding magical tale," Harry said, when Pansy finished relating what she had found.
"What a way to start the day.
Merlin!"
"Ah…alright," said Pansy, "Although, outstanding magical tale or not, I may require help getting it out of my nightmares."
"There's that," Harry said.
"The scales have to balance.
I'm in your debt.
Thanks for sticking with it.
I'm not sure I'd have done."
"Poppycock, Harry Potter," said Pansy.
"That's right up your alley.
You'd have critiqued them like a proper subject matter expert."
"I expect you're right," said Harry, his tone shading a bit toward rueful.
"Well, new business: I'm going to sit across a desk from a goblin shortly and talk about that property I mentioned.
Can you stay and hold down the office?
Anything you've got to do that you can do right here?"
"Yes, as a matter of fact," Pansy said.
"I've been wanting to take a few minutes and compose a little note to Morag.
Kind of a thank-you for her gracious hospitality but really a place holder.
Something to tell her we have her in mind, all the way down here."
"Oh, how long will that take?"
asked Harry.
"Several drafts, to get all the nuance right," said Pansy.
"So no problem staying until I get back?"
"No, of course not, go ahead," Pansy said.
"Thanks," said Harry.
"I'm off."
Harry checked in with the goblin in the lobby and sat down to watch Gringotts at work pending the arrival of his loan officer.
He didn't expect to do more than give the goblin the address of the building and a rough verbal description of his plans for improvements and the projected return.
Then he would recede into the background while the bank's bureaucracy did its due diligence, returning when it was time for him to sign for the loan, or, alternatively, informed of the bank's refusal of his application.
"How much?"
the goblin asked after Harry had outlined the deal.
They sat in an office in what would have been the commercial loan section of a muggle bank.
The goblins worked in ledgers with oil lamps and candles for illumination.
Computers had never been used at Gringotts.
Harry had occasional business at muggle banks.
He detested the banks and their muggle bankers.
He'd rather be turned down at Gringotts than get a loan approved by muggles.
Harry gave the price of the building and what he thought it would cost for the improvements he had in mind.
"Certainly," said the goblin.
"I'll recommend approval to the committee and have the parchment ready when they take the vote.
They meet tomorrow morning.
With luck you can close a day or two later."
"Oh," said Harry, leaning back into his chair.
"Thank-you.
I didn't expect such speedy service."
"Mr. Potter," said the goblin.
"The time when Gringotts scrutinized your applications in detail is past.
You've got a fine portfolio developing, at a very young age.
You seem to have an aversion to getting over-extended, a critical virtue for a businessman.
You have earned a little slackening of the leash."
The goblin grinned, showing his rows of pointed teeth.
Harry smiled back, stood, and extended his hand.
"Should I look for an owl tomorrow afternoon?"
Harry asked.
"I think, the day after, just to be sure," the goblin answered.
Harry checked the time as he left the bank, decided it was close enough and went on to the Leaky Cauldron.
He stepped inside and paused to let his eyes adjust.
Something smelled good.
Harry's stomach agreed, if its growl was any indication.
Harry found a table and sat.
"Harry!"
said Neville Longbottom.
Harry turned and saw his classmate and fellow Gryffindor coming toward him.
"Neville, good to see you," Harry said, standing and extending his hand.
"Got time to have a coffee?
Share a pot of tea?"
"With a little negotiation, shouldn't be too hard," said Neville.
He left Harry at the table and went off, almost certainly looking for his wife, and employer, Hannah Abbott Longbottom.
"What's on your mind?"
asked Neville as he offloaded the tea, cups and saucers from his tray.
"Business," said Harry.
"I was wondering, since we're allied, if you have any interest in joint ventures.
I'm in the middle of negotiations for a building.
If everything falls into place, and I've no reason to doubt it will, it ought to be profitable within two or three years.
If you think you might want to go in on some projects I can show you the books on the buildings I've taken on."
Neville sat, thinking.
"How many buildings do you have?"
he asked.
"Four," said Harry.
"Rentals, that is.
Not counting the houses, of course."
"Impressive," said Neville.
"Sure, I'd like to put something in.
How do you propose we organize it?"
"Partnership, half-and-half," Harry said.
"Major decisions by consensus, in case of impasse one of us offers our share to the other at fair market value."
"Ought to work," said Neville.
"Want to talk numbers?"
"Sure," said Harry.
"The one I'm working on buying is all-magical, four floors, three flats and a business front on the ground level.
There is a basement that could have potential as a café or some other commercial purpose.
Magical bookstore, herbalist, whatever.
They're asking four hundred-fifty thousand, I put fifty down, borrowing the balance from the goblins.
The loan will be secured by the building.
The flats are rented and the rents are a little below what the monthly payment will be.
I'll put some work into the ground floor, but that is mostly me, Kreacher, Mort and Daisy, so it's all magic and doesn't cost anything except materials.
That's the rough outline."
"Merlin, Harry, it sounds like you've found the key to the mint," said Neville as he leaned back into his chair.
"Why would you want to cut yourself out of half?"
"It's getting to be a full-time job," Harry said, "I think it's time to get some help so I'm not captured by it.
All I wanted at the beginning was a little office space."
"Oh, yes, business," said Neville.
He looked around at the rapidly-filling dining area of the Leaky Cauldron.
"If you're growing, the work is never-ending.
If you're steady, you're really going broke."
"So, what do you think?"
Harry asked.
"If you're interested in the one I'm working on, the business with Gringotts is already underway, so if I get it you can see all the documentation and buy half from me.
Make sure your legal adviser is happy.
And Miss Hannah."
"Sure, we'll talk," said Neville.
"Got customers."
With that, Neville hopped up out of his chair and went looking for tables and chairs to match up with people.
Harry thought about staying for a sandwich, changed his mind and went back to his office.
It was a pleasant day, so Harry treated himself to a walk through Diagon Alley.
He was letting himself linger a bit in front of a show window full of broomsticks when someone called his name.
"Harry."
He turned around.
"Daphne.
Again."
"Don't say it with so much enthusiasm," Daphne said.
"Oh, stop," protested Harry.
"Of course I'm happy to see you.
It's just a surprise, two days in a row.
After how many months?
Would your owl even recognize me?"
Daphne looked away.
Harry waited for Daphne to finish thinking over wherever she wanted to go next.
They'd left open the possibility of seeing one another again.
At the time, a chance encounter in Diagon Alley wasn't what Harry had envisioned.
"Can we talk?"
Daphne said, at last.
"Of course," said Harry.
"May I suggest my office?
It's private, Kreacher would be delighted to bring you coffee, or tea, or some ice cream…" Daphne thought it over some more.
"Yes, all right, that will be fine.
Your office," she said.
"This way," said Harry.
One short walk later, Harry opened the street door into Harry Potter and Associates.
No one was around the foyer, but Pansy came out from an interior office after Harry called out a 'Hullo' down the corridor.
"Daphne!"
said Pansy.
"Well.
It's been…" "A year, two, maybe?"
said Daphne.
The former housemates stood looking at each other for a bit, then Pansy stepped forward with open arms.
Daphne let herself be pulled in, close, even reciprocating a bit.
"What brings you here?"
asked Pansy, before she realized that might be none of her business, and looked sideways at Harry.
"Coffee," said Harry.
"Kreacher!"
A few minutes later, Harry had Pansy and Daphne accommodated in his office, a fresh pot of Kreacher's best magical shade-grown Central American arabica nearby, and the two Slytherins set about catching up.
Harry was improvising.
He knew Daphne had to have something on her mind, for her to show up twice in two days.
It wasn't like Daphne to have anything happen by chance.
If she had come looking for him, she had a reason.
Harry thought now and then of what was, once, a budding relationship between himself and Daphne Greengrass.
They had barely spoken during their first six years at Hogwarts School, largely due to the house rivalry between Gryffindor and Slytherin.
Harry had noticed Daphne, during first year.
Daphne had noticed Harry during first year, too.
Still, it wasn't until midway through fifth year that Harry became conscious of the changes to his internal state whenever Daphne was close by.
If they happened to glance at one another at the same time, Daphne had a way of dropping her head a few degrees and looking at Harry from under her long brown eyelashes, holding his eyes before giving him a little half-smile, turning up her mouth at one corner.
When that happened, Harry's class notes for the next half hour were useless.
Harry had Hermione, though, luckily for him.
Hermione would always let Harry compare their notes, allowing Harry to fill in the gaps caused by the attack of carnal thoughts featuring Daphne Greengrass.
Harry was a mess following his showdown with Voldemort.
There wasn't anything unusual in that.
Lots of witches and wizards were in the same condition right then.
At least they'd survived.
Daphne was the other party in one of the personal relationships Harry destroyed before he figured out he needed help.
Unfortunately for Harry, he'd fallen, hard, for Daphne Greengrass before their split.
Harsh words were spoken.
Pride precluded either reaching out, offering peace and a new start.
Harry longed for just that, but he couldn't make himself do it, rationalizing his inaction by telling himself he had destroyed any chance they'd had.
Pansy held up her side of the conversation in the office for a half hour, or a little better, before pleading a pressing need for something to eat.
She took her leave with another hug for Daphne and a promise to get together for tea or coffee or something, one day soon.
Harry followed her to the foyer.
"Got anything else you want to do?"
Harry muttered.
"Not really, why?
Do you want me to stay away?"
Pansy asked.
"It's not too much trouble to take your time, is it?
If I need extricating, it will be about two hours from now."
Pansy broke out into a huge grin.
"Okay," Pansy said.
She looked at her watch.
"Two-fifteen?"
Harry nodded, closing the street door behind her.
"Daphne," he said as he re-entered his own office.
He left the inner door halfway open.
Daphne took a look at the door, then back at Harry.
"No one else," Harry said.
"It's just us.
What can I do for you?"
Daphne Greengrass stiffened, surprised by Harry's direct question and her own reaction.
She took a few seconds to marshal her thoughts.
"I—I'm not sure, exactly," Daphne began, then stopped.
Harry gave her a little time to become sure before he spoke up.
"Something's on your mind, Daphne," he said.
"You've accidentally, just happened, to encounter me in a public place twice in two days.
That's since not seeing me for…When was Neville and Hannah's wedding reception?
A year?
Eighteen months?
That is not you, Daphne."
"Oh, fine, then," said Daphne.
"You aren't sleeping with Pansy, are you?"
"Daphne," said Harry.
"For Merlin's sake.
You're a healer.
Have you ever heard of confidentiality?
If that's what you came…" Harry was shifting his weight, getting ready to stand and escort her out when Daphne spoke, sounding a bit frantic.
"Stop!
I didn't mean it that way," she said.
"I just meant, if you aren't seeing anyone, you know, dating…" Harry knew there was something he'd ought to be worried about but he didn't have enough information to decide what it was.
All he knew was the Daphne Greengrass sitting across from him was rattled and not the cool, even-tempered professional woman he'd known.
"You want to try again?
With me?"
Harry asked.
Even he heard the disbelief in his own voice.
"We didn't last long enough to try, really, did we?"
Daphne asked, a little snicker in her voice.
"No," Harry admitted.
He thought back to their final farewell, the end of their seeing each other, as singles in the initial stages of something.
Harry had been an ass.
He'd learned to label his behavior 'acting out' in some therapy session or another.
Harry didn't act out now.
He hoped that was all behind him.
"Look, Daphne, I had high hopes.
I screwed those up.
I've said it before and I'll say it now.
It was my fault, I take full responsibility, and there is no reason for you to give me…anything.
You did the right thing.
No one who conducted himself like I did deserved to be friends with you, much less anything more.
Do you see a way forward from that?"
"Harry, you were in pain," Daphne said.
"I could see it, I just wasn't wise enough or experienced enough to do anything about it.
Nothing effective, let's say."
"So you were right to run me off," Harry said.
"If everything hadn't been so disrupted by the war your parents might have had the presence of mind to steer you away from me before things went as far as they did."
Daphne sat back in her chair.
Harry noticed her coffee cup was empty.
He picked up the carafe Kreacher had left them and touched the side with his free hand.
Harry closed his eyes and kept his hand flat on the carafe.
In less than a minute he was pouring another steaming coffee for Daphne.
"Show-off," Daphne said.
She smiled the half-smile.
"I don't know," Harry said.
"I'd very much like to progress from where we were.
The idea that we wouldn't go further, romantically, was a little hard to accept, but I got over it.
Not being able to have a civil conversation, though.
That I never got used to.
It seemed inevitable we would see one another, from time to time, just being a witch and a wizard, living in London.
The thought that you would always cross the room, or the street, to avoid me, that hurt."
Harry poured two fingers of coffee in his own cup, picked it up and took a sip.
"It hurt twice as much knowing I did it to myself," he said, then took a little pause.
"So, what brought this on?"
Daphne stiffened once again.
Harry knew.
What exactly, Daphne was fairly sure Harry didn't know, but he knew she wasn't simply giving the old not-quite-boyfriend another chance.
"If you don't want to talk about it right now, we won't talk about it," Harry said.
"Eventually…" "Can we put it off?
Until then?"
Daphne asked.
"It's hard.
Dirty laundry.
Family."
"Daphne," Harry said, "I've been a mess.
I know them when I see them."
"Harry Potter, don't you dare patronize me!"
"Uh-huh," said Harry.
"Any of this sound familiar?"
Harry closed his mouth and waited, half-expecting a stream of expletives followed by a Daphne exit and a slammed door.
Instead, Daphne buried her face in her hands and started to so.
cknowledgment: The author makes no claims.
The characters in this story come from the works of .
.
Rowling, or are characters created to interact with those.
Many thanks to Ms. Rowling for all of her work and for allowing us to embroider around the edges.
Merit and Inheritance Chapter Eight The Greengrass Consultations Harry let Daphne take her time, working through whatever she had to work through.
He had no idea what it was, so he thought it would be best to keep his mouth shut.
They hadn't been close when they were in school.
The tentative steps they'd taken after the war didn't progress enough for close.
Offering a hug would have made them both uncomfortable.
Harry did have a box of tissues.
Perhaps he could start there.
"Daphne?"
Harry said.
He worked at keeping his volume low.
"Here, please," he said, trying to push the box into Daphne's possession while also not being pushy.
It was a fine line.
"Thanks," Daphne said, taking the whole box.
Daphne didn't look at Harry while she got herself together.
When she did look, Harry had a bit of a start, which must have shown, because Daphne had one of her own.
She sat up straight, defiance in her reddened eyes.
"I'm sorry for bothering you, Harry Potter.
I should go," said Daphne as she stood.
"Why don't you sit down and we'll see if there is anything to be done, that we can do together, about this problem of yours?"
asked Harry.
Daphne sat back down.
"Here's what I see, Daphne," Harry said.
"You have some kind of issue, something that is causing extreme stress.
You just started crying, right in front of me.
Your problem is nearing a crisis, or so it appears from your perspective.
You're reluctant to talk about it, which makes me think the problem is of a personal nature.
You've reached out to me, so you don't feel safe opening up to someone from your own social set and background.
You've bumped up against some old-time, pureblood thing, is my guess.
Cyrus sees you, educated, single, soon to age out of your prime years and thinks that's a wasted asset.
Is that it?
The parents want to sell you off to raise cash?"
"Ohh…Harry Potter!
I think I liked you better as a train wreck," Daphne said.
She had a tissue, balled up, that she focused on un-balling, pulling the delicate thing out, little by little, from the central clump.
Harry wondered why she didn't just pull another from the box he'd given her.
He wasn't counting.
When Daphne got enough tissue free, she dabbed the corners of her eyes.
"Bathroom?"
Daphne asked, standing up and tossing the tissue in Harry's bin.
"Right there," Harry said, waving his hand toward the door in the corner of the office.
Harry poured a little more coffee while he waited for Daphne to return.
He'd just finished emptying the carafe when the door opened.
"Harry Potter, is there anything possible one can put in a bathroom that you haven't put in your bathroom?"
Daphne asked.
"Now, those are all just basic bathroom fixtures…" Harry began, before Daphne cut him off.
"Have you ever used the bidet?"
Daphne asked.
"I, myself, no, but the time might come.
A contingency, someone who needs one, or…or…" said Harry.
"Actually, there is a story behind that."
"Of course," said Daphne.
"There just had to be, didn't there?"
"So, can I interest you in some more coffee?
Or a switch to mineral water, lemonade, iced tea?
Sandwich or snack?"
Harry asked.
Daphne sighed.
"One more coffee wouldn't hurt," she said.
Kreacher came and went, taking the empty carafe and leaving behind a full one.
Daphne took a sip and stared at her cup.
"It's complicated," she began.
"My father, Cyrus, is not what you'd call well-educated, but he was fairly successful nonetheless.
He played quidditch at Hogwarts and went on to play as a professional.
They didn't have the payrolls they have today, so the players were mostly in it for the fun, taking home a few galleons at the end of a game.
He hung on for a few years but the offers dried up and he retired.
Still, being a former quidditch pro opens doors.
Someone in the family a few generations back made butterbeer, then they were bought out by a larger firm.
We still have shares from that deal.
They've grown in value and split a few times.
Those and a couple of other things combine to make a modest cushion so Father could work for businesses and people he liked, as opposed to what he calls 'purely mercenary' employment.
In other words, an occupation that makes money."
"Even so," Harry interjected, "Investments, endorsements, public appearances, and don't you have an estate?
Am I hearing the Greengrass's have money problems?"
"Oh…Yes," said Daphne.
"Income and outflow are out of balance.
The parents, they've got a problem."
"Alcohol," Harry guessed.
It wasn't a question.
"That's part of it," said Daphne.
"Cordelia—my mother—has been a tippler forever.
I still remember getting her 'special grape juice' confused with my grape juice one morning at breakfast.
I must have been three or four.
To this day…well, I don't suffer a lot of hangovers.
But, back to my tale of woe.
Father always handled the money.
He made it and we were never without, so Mother relaxed in the back seat with her lap robe and flask and let him hold the reins.
Let me say I don't worry about him dragging me down with him.
It's Astoria."
"I thought she and Draco were seeing one another?"
Harry said.
"Why aren't they married, anyway?
Isn't she of age?"
"We're almost there," Daphne said.
She paused to take another sip of her coffee.
"I don't worry about getting dragged down because I'm free of my familial obligations.
He got in a tight spot shortly after I completed my studies and entered into practice.
I did well right from the beginning.
The people in my register, let's say, they can afford to pay their healer.
Father came to me with a proposition.
Basically, he'd sell me to a Selwyn and get out of the hole he was in.
I'd earn his appreciation for being a loyal and obedient daughter.
I made a counter-offer; I'd match Selwyn's offer and Cyrus would free me, complete with an oath to that effect.
He stomped around and snorted for two or three days.
Mother hid in her room with an elf and a selection of fortified wild fruit wines."
"He saw things your way?"
Harry asked.
"Oh, yes, once he saw that I had sufficient grit, which I'm certain came as a complete revelation," answered Daphne.
"I didn't have the cash right then, but I went to the goblins and let them see my ledger.
I got what he needed with my signature.
That may have hurt worse than anything.
He was humiliated.
He'd gone through life thinking he was a multi-millionaire wizard sportsman.
He had to glad-hand for his employers, who he always insisted on calling 'associates.'
He thought that was doing business.
He was successful at it, therefore, he was a successful businessman.
They kept him around for the smile and the nostalgia.
Then he aged out.
All the real movers and shakers he knew were replaced in leadership by younger people.
Then his daughter turns out to have the clout to get Gringotts to front her the money to get him out of his jam and herself free of him."
"So the income dried up," said Harry, completing Daphne's thought.
"Exactly," she said.
"But he has the estate, the investments you mentioned," said Harry.
"All in hock or the income committed elsewhere.
One big juggling act," Daphne said.
"You seem to be financially competent," Harry went on.
"Any chance you can get a look at the accounts and put things on a better course?"
"Remember what I said about humiliation?
He's still the titular head of the family and in charge of our joint affairs.
He has a seat on the Wizengamot.
I don't have a lot of exposure.
I made sure of that after the last time.
My practice and thrifty habits ought to have me in a pretty good position a few years hence.
Were it me alone he could sleep on his ledgers."
"Ah," said Harry, making the connections at last.
"Astoria."
Daphne reached for the tissue box as she gave Harry a few silent head nods.
He let her collect herself, at her own pace.
He wasn't expected anywhere.
Harry thought through what Daphne had just told him and looked for someplace where he could come in and make a contribution.
From what he had heard so far, it sounded to Harry like a wizard, and head of house, had been responsible for the management of the family resources and botched the job.
It happens.
He didn't envy the family members who would be faced with the choice of wresting control of the family property and accounts from an incompetent, thus shaming him before his peers and relatives, or letting him continue to flail.
"I don't know, Harry," Daphne said, freeing Harry from his reverie.
"Maybe this wasn't a good idea."
"Maybe, maybe not," Harry said.
"I'm very sorry to hear about your family stress.
What do you think he wants to do about Astoria?"
Daphne breathed in and let out a long, drawn-out sigh.
"In plain terms, he wants to sell her, the same as he did me."
Harry leaned back in his chair.
When he got all the way back, he flexed his feet and ankles, just enough to do a little rocking.
Daphne closed her eyes and listened to the rhythmic squeaks.
They ought to have been annoying, but they weren't.
"How much does he owe?
Who does he owe it to?"
Harry asked.
"Hard to say," Daphne said.
"He won't talk about it, and if he answers one question, he'll seldom answer two.
Gringotts holds a note on the estate.
He has been managing to make the scheduled payments, somehow."
"Have you talked to your mother?
Any chance she knows more than she wants people to think?"
"Yes, and I don't think so," Daphne said.
"I've never seen any sign of the manipulative skills that would be necessary to pry the books out of his hands."
Daphne's matter-of-fact description of what it would take for her mother to take some control of her own finances got to Harry, who burst out laughing.
"What?"
demanded Daphne.
"Your offhand reference to everyday manipulative skills," said Harry.
"It just sounded so…normal."
"Ha!
Hahahahaha!"
Daphne laughed, a real, taken-by-surprise belly laugh.
It was the first display of genuine, unguarded mirth Harry could remember seeing from her.
"Well, Harry, for all the old pureblood snobbery and claims to understanding and sophistication and recognition of arts and manners and how to live life, far beyond what muggles can even imagine, there is no one more backward, more condescending and downright disrespectful to women than an old-time pureblood head of family.
I see it in my own, in my practice, and in the Daily Prophet.
Consequently, according to the rules of natural selection, witches with unusual insight, habitual reticence and subtlety, along with a lack of compunction for using whatever tools were ready at hand to get control of the forces influencing their lives, were at a competitive advantage.
If the standard, prejudiced, out-of-the package chief let himself be led around by his nose, or his reproductive urges, or something else, that's a shame, isn't it?
Especially if he didn't have it coming, the poor rarity."
Harry sat, no longer rocking, staring into Daphne's eyes.
He didn't speak until he had formed the question in his mind: "And you actually think you need me for something?"
Daphne laughed again.
"Harry Potter, you scamp!
Yes, I need you.
You asked all the right questions and nothing that didn't pertain.
Your natural business sense comes out everywhere.
Plus, you're a wizard.
I could win every prize for healing in the magical world, master all the subspecialties and get all the certificates and I'd still be a witch," Daphne said.
"I have no credibility worrying my pretty little head over these business matters.
Why, I'm still single!
If I were truly smart, I'd work at making myself more attractive and see if I couldn't find a nice, intelligent, good-looking wizard to marry.
Then he could make a living for the two of us and take care of me the way I deserve."
They took a break from conversation for a nice, extended staring session.
"Okay," said Harry.
"I'm in.
Something about the problem, maybe the complexity.
Whatever, let's take some time and think this through…" Pansy had long since come and gone.
It was after seven by the time Harry stood up and stretched.
"Ah…" he said, waving a hand toward the bathroom door to finish a sentence.
"Where do you want to eat?"
Harry asked when he stepped back into the office.
"I was going home," Daphne said.
"Did you know you can make soup in a paper cup with just boiling water?
The muggles have to put their kettle on one of their ranges, of course…" "No," Harry said.
"Well, someplace fast, not fancy, then, I'm hungry and I have to get to sleep," said Daphne.
"Tomorrow's a work day, and a healer's got to be alert."
"Um," said Harry, acquiescing.
"Let's go."
Harry led the way back to Diagon Alley and the little courtyard behind the Leaky Cauldron.
He stopped, reached around Daphne's waist and grabbed a good handful of her cloak.
"Harry Potter, you aren't taking me…" Daphne managed, before they disappeared.
"…to Grimmauld Place, are you?"
Before she finished she knew her assumption was off, by a couple of hundred miles.
She looked around a beautiful harbor, the lights on the quay and some of the boats shining on the water, while opposite she saw a row of lovely buildings, two and three stories tall.
"This is…?"
"Penzance," said Harry.
"There's nothing fancy to keep you up late and the pub grub will be just as good this time of night.
Possibly better.
I hope fish and chips or pasties are on your list of approved…" "If I hadn't just spent hours and hours convincing you to help me out with something, Harry Potter, I'd invite you to kiss my magical…" "Promises, promises," Harry said.
"Let's see what's open."
Harry led the way to the row of two-story buildings that led away from the quay at a hard right angle, climbing a long hill before disappearing a few yards into the gloom.
"You passed the entrance," Daphne said.
"Yes, and no," said Harry.
He turned into a little penetration in the wall.
It could have been mistaken for a shadow if one didn't know where one was going.
The space was a flat black cave entrance until they stepped into it, then it got a bit lighter.
There weren't any lamps or other visible light sources.
"Ah, now that's magical," said Daphne.
"You noticed," said Harry.
"Pretty smart, for a witch.
Especially such an attractive one."
"Hsssss…" said Daphne as Harry pushed a door open, stepped inside, and held it.
He led the way to a booth along the wall opposite the bar.
The room wasn't all that big.
All the illumination seemed to come from candles and hurricane lamps.
Even so, the smoky scent added a little to the atmospherics, without burning eyes or lungs.
"Okay, what is this?"
Daphne asked when they'd gotten settled.
She couldn't stop herself from extending a finger to rub a weathered hawser that was strung, garland-like, on the wall.
"It's a pub," said Harry.
"The other door goes into a famous and historical Penzance pub where anyone is welcome.
Everyone who comes to Penzance has to go at least once.
This is the magical annex, which I found by accident.
It's on the magical tourist circuit, like the other side is for muggles.
Of course, there are a lot fewer witches and wizards than there are mundane tourists."
"Arrrggghhh…" Daphne looked up at the ghost that stood by their table.
He was dressed in a nautical uniform at least two hundred years out of date.
The ghost wore an eyepatch and had a long telescope tucked under one arm.
The ghost stood with his back to a hanging lamp and his good eye was lined up on the globe, which imparted a very disturbing backlit glow to the eye.
"Sir and Madam," the ghost began, "I'm Nelson, no, NOT that one, thank-you for not asking, and I'll be your server tonight.
We have fish and pasties.
Butterbeer.
Some muggle brews.
Firewhisky.
What else?
Oh, I don't know…" The ghost paused, looked up, and appeared to be trying to remember what else the kitchen had on the menu that evening.
"The fish is?"
Daphne asked.
"Cod, of course," said Nelson.
"And the pasties?"
"Traditional, with the flank steak and without, and a truly vegetarian with peas, carrots, potatoes…Oh, I get confused, anything that turns up that isn't meat," said Nelson.
"Can't expect food to be a ghost's area of expertise."
"Go ahead," Daphne said to Harry.
"One traditional, with the flank steak, and a glass of water, any kind of water," said Harry.
"Same," said Daphne.
She shrugged as she looked at Harry.
"You've been here before, so you wouldn't be eating anything that made you sick the first time."
Nelson turned and floated back to the bar, presumably to put in their order, shaking his head at Daphne's impertinence.
"I like this," Daphne said.
"Glad to hear it," said Harry.
"Thanks for bringing me.
I should treat," Daphne went on.
"My guess is you'll have an opportunity," Harry said, "But I'll be getting this one."
"I forgot to ask your rates," said Daphne.
"I don't have a business, well, not like that," said Harry.
"I'm not an investigator or a consultant or a lawyer or anything."
"All the same, you should charge something for your time, Harry Potter," Daphne said.
"What you did this afternoon was invaluable.
I wouldn't have thought of half of the things you brought up."
"Would you be more comfortable if we monetized this?
So it's business?
I'm aware I didn't contribute to your store of happy memories," Harry said.
"We're still acquaintances, before business associates."
"Stop apologizing," said Daphne.
"You did give me some happy memories and anyway, I wasn't at my best, either.
Our class had been ground up and spit out.
Fate.
How are you doing now?"
"Better," Harry said.
"Lots better.
You?"
"Much, much better.
Do you want this to be business?"
Daphne asked.
She looked into Harry's eyes.
He couldn't look away.
"We can hold that over for a decision to be made at a later date," Harry managed.
"Works for me," said Daphne as their food arrived.
Nelson put everything on the table, his hands disappearing into and rising out of the wooden top as he manipulated the plates and silverware.
"I'll be back with the water," he said, floating back to the bar, then floating from the bar to the table with two pint glasses and a large pitcher of water.
"Any idea how he does that?"
asked Daphne.
"None," said Harry.
"I was in here twice before.
He never drops anything, even though those hands have no substance, near as I can tell."
They started on their pasties, taking tiny bites because the pies were so hot.
"I don't want us to part with the kind of words we had last time," Harry said, out of the blue.
Daphne stopped eating and sat up straight.
She expected Harry to reach over, perhaps squeeze her forearm or cover her hand with his.
Instead, he stayed on his side of the table.
"Harry," she began, but Harry interrupted her.
"No, Daphne, take all the responsibility you want, but I was wrong, wrong, wrong to act the way I did.
To this day I don't know what got into me.
It was all just so confusing.
High hopes, I don't mind saying, paired with abominable actions.
I promise to be very careful and not do that kind of hurtful stuff again, so help me Merlin."
"Enjoy your pasty, Harry," Daphne said.
"If you want to talk about your days as an ornery young man who briefly saw an ornery young woman before they came to an ornery end, we'll make a date.
Just leave it alone for now, though, okay?
You're tarnishing my Penzance experience."
"Oh, don't want to do that," said Harry.
"Let's see-how about, do you come to Penzance often?"
"One day trip, it's been a few years," said Daphne.
"I remember I came with an older girl who'd passed her apparition exam, so I guess I'd have been sixteen.
In my memory it was gorgeous.
Don't know why I haven't been back.
That needs rectifying."
"I think this is my fourth," Harry said.
"I need to come more often, too.
It's just so lovely.
Quiet, peaceful."
"There, wasn't that nice?"
Daphne said.
She raised her napkin and dabbed her lips before taking a long pull on her water, then taking a few moments to swallow.
"That other stuff was all in the past.
I acknowledge your good intentions, but let's leave it there."
"Oh," said Harry.
"Is this a fresh start?"
"It is if you'll meet me half-way," said Daphne.
"Not some Slytherin trick?"
asked Harry.
"Be serious, Harry," Daphne said.
"Okay, cards on the table," said Harry.
"I remember you, under the Sorting Hat, like it was yesterday.
I couldn't make friends with you, for so many reasons.
Slytherin-Gryffindor.
Draco Malfoy.
Riddle.
I assumed you considered me half human, half lower animal, because of my mum."
"If you don't mind me making one little observation, Harry, you brought at least two-thirds of that baggage of your own accord, if you think about it," said Daphne.
Harry put his pasty down and chewed.
Then he took a drink of water and put the glass down.
"You're right, I can see that now, although that is a post-therapy phenomenon.
Life will get very complicated if we try to do two things at once," Harry said.
He picked up his last bite of pasty, the little folded-over bit of crusty dough from the end, and tossed it in his mouth.
"I'm sure you know more about business than I do," said Daphne.
"I can wait a little longer."
"On my account?"
Harry asked, a little bit incredulous.
"Get a halter on that ego, young man," Daphne answered.
"No.
I'm picky.
I've never thought sexual adventure was worth the time if I can see clearly, in advance, some random hunk is tedious with his clothes on.
I've always been that way.
Who wants the hassle of getting rid of the excess if ninety-nine percent of the meat is of no interest?
That may be a minority opinion among my young, unmarried sister witches."
"Oh," said Harry.
He took his time unraveling Daphne's question.
He thought she was conveying something positive since they'd just been agreeing to exploring a little deeper if they concluded their business successfully.
Harry decided he'd been accorded a compliment by the Healer Daphne Greengrass.
Talk moved on to other topics.
It took some time to get through the most recent engagements, marriages and births among their contemporaries.
Harry resolved to avoid talking about Romilda and Morag, if Daphne should bring them up.
He felt like the information he and Pansy had discovered was tantamount to privileged, the same way Daphne's patients would be off-limits as conversational fodder.
"Well, then," Harry said, standing up and reaching in his pocket for some money.
"If you like this place enough, I'll see if I can arrange an account."
Harry waved at Nelson, who pointed at the bar.
"Makes sense, probably can't handle coins," Harry muttered.
Daphne shrugged into her cloak and took Harry's arm, an unexpected and pleasant development.
Harry smiled, Daphne smiled back, and they turned for the doo.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Nine A Most Annoying Fellow Neville Longbottom took the early morning shift at the Leaky Cauldron the next day, letting Hannah sleep in.
She arrived just before eleven, to allow Neville time for a break before the lunch rush.
"Going to see Harry," Neville said, folding his apron and stuffing it in a cubbyhole behind the bar.
"Back by a quarter after."
"News?"
Neville asked when he'd taken a chair across the desk from Harry.
"Possibly late this afternoon, more likely tomorrow," said Harry.
"You're in need of some action, aren't you?"
"This couldn't have come at a better time," Neville said.
"Hannah has really built up the business over there but the space and kitchen capacity are maxed.
What I add can be done by an elf or two, with Hannah behind the bar to preside over it all.
I've been looking for a direction to expand a little, so, yes, I'm ready for some new action."
"Great!"
said Harry.
"There is a lot of opportunity right now in magical real estate.
Not just around the Alley, either.
I've been looking for a purely commercial property, just for something different.
I've been thinking minimum three months for repairs and renovations on this next place, then if all goes well and it's at full occupancy, maybe spread out a little bit, look for something near an anchor.
St. Mungo's for healers' offices, the Ministry for the lawyers, that sort of thing."
"Those ought to have a high probability for success," said Neville.
"Good thinking."
"Oh, well, it seems so obvious, I don't think I can take credit," Harry said.
"Although I have learned it's not obvious to everyone."
"You can say that again," said Neville.
"Maybe it's a gift.
Can't be taught."
"I was wondering," Harry said, changing direction without warning, "If you remember Daphne Greengrass?"
"My cousin Daphne Greengrass, the healer?
Sure, I remember her.
You danced with her at our wedding reception.
You both looked like you'd rather be outside in the grass on hand and knees, gagging."
"Okay, that was then, alright?"
Harry said.
"We…had difficulties.
Communicating.
A couple of years before.
It hadn't been long enough at the time."
"Uh-huh," said Neville.
"Jumping ahead, this wouldn't have anything to do with Cyrus and some cash flow problems and intra-familial issues deriving therefrom, by any chance?"
"Oddly enough," Harry said.
"How do you know?
I had muffliato in place the whole time we were talking."
"I don't know, Harry, in all honesty I don't know," said Neville.
"You can see a wreck of a building and know whether it's worth buying and renovating and adding to your portfolio.
I often see where your conversations are going to end up, long before you get to your conclusion.
It works for my whole family, don't ask me how.
Daphne and Astoria are cousins, not close, but still.
Cyrus Greengrass doesn't have any financial sense.
When he had a little job with someone he managed to keep his head above water and the family respectable.
Cordelia maintains herself chemically.
Daphne is smart and industrious.
She doesn't need a lot, prefers to live modestly and think about the long view.
Astoria's smart in her own way but she needs to be an aristo wife and live a magical country life.
It's like a destiny thing.
Taking all of that into account, it makes sense Daphne is in need of a little consulting work from an experienced business hand."
"Oh, well," said Harry.
"Neville, if we're going to be partners, we'll need to be able to speak frankly.
Embargo the information, please, at least temporarily.
Not to conceal anything from Madam Hannah, of course, just keeping, not secrets, as such…" Harry Potter didn't formulate his sentences before he started talking.
Neville got where he was going, though.
"It's best if I don't share the conversation with Hannah?"
"For now," said Harry.
"You're working with Daphne on the Greengrass finances?"
"Discreetly, of course," Harry said.
"Consultations.
Nothing more, I assure you."
"Be careful, Harry," said Neville.
"Cyrus is very vulnerable.
I am pretty sure if he had to raise cash to liquidate some of his loans he'd be out of money long before he was out of loans.
In other words, he is effectively bankrupt.
You don't want to get dragged under with him."
"Oh, I don't want to bail him out or take over his debts or co-sign for loans or anything like that," said Harry.
"I would be curious about assets he might have that are undervalued or overlooked, that sort of thing.
I'd start there, if asked.
From what I've heard, he doesn't have a clue about business.
Valuation, profit and loss, those kinds of things.
Daphne and I were on cordial terms at one time.
We had a bite to eat together recently.
That was cordial, too.
If the family could use a consultant's help, in a way that didn't threaten Cyrus, you know, psychologically, Daphne might be able to take the lead…" "Ahhh…" said Neville, smiling, "Excellent, Harry.
That's really excellent.
What do you need from me?"
"Perhaps a bit of information on the Greengrass family, some evening, maybe over a little mead?
Just background.
No need to upset Daphne by informing her we're talking about her behind her back."
"We close the kitchen at ten in the morning on Sunday, and don't open the bar at all," said Neville.
"It's effectively our one day off.
How about Sunday afternoon, four o'clock?
Longbottom Manor?"
"Great, see you then," Harry said.
"Got to run, lunch rush," said Neville.
He made a little waving gesture.
"Madam Longbottom…" "Understood," said Harry, getting out from behind the desk to take Neville to the street door.
Harry added Sunday afternoon to his planner and leaned back in his chair.
That Neville always had the best insider scoops, Harry thought.
He wondered if he could cultivate whatever the thing was that resulted in getting such high quality information in himself?
Still, Neville seemed to be a natural.
Maybe it was better to let Neville handle that and Harry would look for the business opportunities.
The owl arrived late in the afternoon.
Pansy had been out being Pansy all day so Harry was alone.
"Mr. Potter," the note read.
"I am pleased to inform you the loan committee approved your application.
I will have the documentation ready for signing tomorrow morning at ten."
It was signed by Harry's usual goblin loan officer.
Harry decided to close up and go see his prospective new building.
He didn't have the keys and couldn't go in and start making plans until he had closed on the property, but he could look around outside and refresh his memory of the place.
He found he really didn't need to.
The building was very much as he'd remembered it, a ground floor suitable for one or two offices topped by three flats.
There was a step-down entrance in front.
Harry walked around back via an alley and looked for an exit, which he found.
It was old and didn't look very secure.
He and the elves would definitely want to look into upgrades to the door, locks and grills if they were going to put the basement in condition to host a business of some kind.
Harry came away from his visit to the building in a very good mood.
He was hungry and walked while he thought about his options for something to eat for lunch.
Distance doesn't mean a lot when a wizard can disapparate and reappear almost anyplace he's ever been, if his magic is strong enough.
Harry thought about the pasty he'd had in Penzance the night before and decided he'd like to go back for the fish and chips.
He'd taken enough time with his visit to the new building to outwait the lunch rush, so Harry saw only a sprinkling of occupied booths and tables in the pub.
He entered and gestured toward the gents' when Nelson approached.
"Be right back," he told the ghost, as he walked past Daphne Greengrass and a solidly-build wizard wearing a blue blazer, seated in a booth about halfway through the pub.
When he finished, Harry asked for a seat in the back part of the room, an order of fish and chips and a butterbeer.
He oriented himself so he wouldn't see Daphne and her friend when they got up to leave.
Harry had a hard time enjoying his lunch, even though the fish was fresh, battered and fried up to perfection.
No matter how many times he told himself that he and Daphne had some mutual business, and they'd agreed there was nothing more at present, he could feel himself reverting to jackass mode.
Harry used some effective anger management techniques to stay in his seat, eat fish and drink butterbeer, like any ordinary magical citizen day-tripping to Penzance.
He didn't enjoy the fish and he didn't enjoy keeping the emotion tamped down.
This led to more, very unsatisfactory, internal arguments with himself over the exact nature of his dealings with Daphne Greengrass.
Harry finished his lunch and was thinking about another butterbeer when he thought of Neville's description of himself and Daphne looking like they'd have rather been somewhere gagging than dancing with each other.
That made him laugh, because it was true.
They hadn't put enough distance between themselves and their earlier fiascoes to truly feel like dancing together.
Now Harry thought about Neville's comment and decided he once again would have preferred to be outside gagging than staying in the pub.
He reached into his pocket, pulled out a good supply of sickels and walked up to the bar, relieved to see Daphne and the mystery gentleman gone from their booth.
"Fish and chips and a butterbeer," Harry said, dropping enough sickels for the food and a generous tip for Nelson and the bartender.
Harry took a stroll along Penzance' waterfront, breathing the sea air and enjoying the sight of the boats bobbing at their moorings.
The further he walked, the better he felt.
The better he felt, the more confident he was that he was starting to put the pieces together in the puzzle of how to help Daphne extract Astoria from Cyrus' financial sinkhole.
Harry's only piece of afternoon business was to confirm his appointment at Gringotts the following morning.
Once that was done he sat looking at a piece of parchment, occasionally dipping a quill in his inkwell and writing some cryptic note.
When he got enough notes he'd draw little boxes around them.
Some of the boxes had numbers.
Harry was thinking through steps.
The sequence would be important.
Harry walked through the office, looking for anything that needed tidying or putting away before he left for the night.
It was late so he planned to apparate home.
He was already anticipating falling into bed when he heard the bell that sounded when the street door was opened.
Harry drew his wand and stepped into the foyer.
"Potter!
It's me!
Daphne!"
"I can see that," Harry said, slipping his wand back into his sleeve.
"What in Morgana's name were you thinking, strolling in here this time of night?"
"It's not quite eight, and what in Merlin's name are you doing inside here with your door unlocked if you're worried about security?"
Daphne asked.
"I concede your point," said Harry.
"I got involved in some work.
Business, that's all.
This is where I do that, so what's your motivation?"
"I had to come see you," said Daphne.
Harry stood still, staring into Daphne's eyes.
"Why?"
he asked, when he'd stopped staring.
"You saw me out having lunch with someone today and I wanted to clear the air," Daphne said.
"What's to clear?"
Harry asked.
"I admit it was a surprise to see you there with the rather good-looking chap.
I'll go further and admit I was unhappy about it.
However, I drew on some things I've learned since…our difficulties and remembered we agreed we'd work on the business we've taken on and leave everything else until later.
My mind is at rest."
"Oh," said Daphne.
"That's very mature thinking, Harry.
I didn't expect—" "I know," said Harry.
"Oh—that's all wrong.
I knew it when the words started to come out but it was already too late."
Daphne's distress at her faux pas was genuine, but comical.
"Don't worry about it, you're just being honest," Harry said, smiling.
"Can I ask, without prying, if you were there for business?"
"No, but that's okay, and yes," Daphne answered.
"Although, I think the man in the blazer and gelled hair believed we were on a date.
A first date.
Getting to know you.
Dutch treat."
"He didn't!"
exclaimed Harry.
"His name is Laurent Selwyn and he is the prospective husband of my sister, should Father conclude his sleazy deal to raise funds and get out from under his debts.
Laurent, gentleman that he is, offered himself up to me as my fancy man.
He came right out and said he finds me much more desirable, and he realizes I have a career and I wouldn't be interested in handling his social calendar and entertaining, so perhaps I'd agree to leave that to Astoria while he and I have an understanding.
I asked about his plans for an understanding with Astoria and he did not see the relevance.
Can I ask, without prying, if I look to you like I require a fancy man?"
Harry was literally dumbstruck.
He wasn't naïve.
He knew people had all kinds of exotic private lives.
Many wizards considered outside relationships part of the standard kit of magical male privileges.
Still, Harry couldn't remember hearing of such a blatantly disrespectful approach to a witch, much less getting it from an original source.
"So you rebuffed the offer?"
"I thought so," answered Daphne, "But after going back over our conversation I now believe he believes we've concluded a promising opening meeting in an ongoing negotiation."
Harry had never heard anything so funny as Daphne's answer to his question.
She couldn't believe it herself, it was plain.
"You'd better come in," Harry said, laughing as he led the way into his private office.
"Please have a seat."
Harry ran through the news about his new building.
He expected to close that week and wanted to get started on renovations as soon as he had the keys.
Recent experience indicated the flats would be occupied as long as they were habitable.
The rents would make the building just barely profitable, then he'd see about the ground floor before moving on to the basement.
Cleaned and brought up to code, the basement could at least be rented for storage.
"I'm impressed," said Daphne.
"Can I ask you a question?"
asked Harry.
Daphne shrugged.
"How much did Cyrus borrow when he put up the manor for collateral?"
"I believe it was half a million," said Daphne.
"That's from Mother and she'd had a few, so adjust accordingly."
"Half a million galleons?"
asked Harry, all but gasping.
He was multiplying, checking his math, multiplying again.
"Sure, what else?"
Daphne said.
"Ducats?
Pieces of Eight?"
"Okay, you got me there," said Harry.
"What does the land bring in?
What do you do with it?
Farm?
Shoot partridge?"
"It's rented, market rates," said Daphne.
"Most of the families stuck with these places support the house, barely.
Manors are follies, fundamentally.
If the wizard can maintain the house and the elves and the gardens then the family has a lovely country place to raise the children, entertain and hold a wedding now and then.
You've got one, don't you?
What is the net?"
"Technically, yes," said Harry.
"The goblins manage it.
Their fee is based on the valuation and ends up costing me around eighty percent of the profit in an average year.
It's only recently I've had enough income to start thinking about putting some into the country place.
Anyway, we have to focus on the Greengrass issue, for now.
Half a million.
Hmm.
Anything else?
I'm working tomorrow, soo…" Harry stood up from his chair, signaling the end of the meeting.
Daphne didn't pop right up.
Instead she sat, looking up at Harry, before giving him a brief smile and standing.
"Nothing more tonight," she said, crossing the office and foyer.
"G'night," he heard as the street door closed.
Harry finished up at the office, went home and managed to stay awake for one cup of tea.
He was in bed waiting for sleep when he realized Daphne's actions and final comment might have had embedded in them an answer to a question he hadn't asked.
Still, they'd already agreed to business first, the personal late.
cknowledgment: The author wishes to acknowledge Ms. .
.
Rowling as the creator of all things Harry Potter.
This story is fan fiction written solely for the reading enjoyment of the fans of Harry Potter and of Ms. Rowling's original works.
Merit and Inheritance Chapter Ten A Negative First Impression Harry popped out of bed the following morning, already thinking through his first few hours of work.
By noon he would have his loan secured and be ready for closing on the new building, as soon as the seller and their representative were available.
It might be possible to have it all wrapped by the weekend.
Whoo!
Then Harry and Neville would have to get busy on the details of their partnership arrangement and transfer half to Neville.
Harry had a genuine strategic interest in laying off some of the risk alongside deepening his alliance with Neville and the Longbottoms.
Each of them had vulnerabilities of one kind or another and they'd be stronger facing the challenges of Magical Britain together than they would as lone wolves.
Harry was also anxious to get Neville cornered for a session of deep analysis of the Greengrass situation.
He had the outline of a plan to extract Daphne and Astoria from their difficulties but the details were being dismayingly difficult to pin down.
Harry thought Neville's familial ties and better understanding of magical life and culture would be critical to Harry's understanding.
"Kreacher?"
Harry called out as he descended the stairs at #12 Grimmauld Place.
"Master?
Are you ready for breakfast?
Eggs any style, pancakes, porridge, fresh fruit, toast, fruit juice…" Kreacher was always prepared for anything.
Harry thought it was a shame he was so underutilized, working for just one occupant, but the obvious counter-argument always lay there in readiness—Kreacher's years with only the portrait of Walburga Black for company.
Walburga didn't eat anything.
"Oh, thank-you, Kreacher, that's more than I could eat if I took all day.
I think I'll stick with a bowl of porridge with a little skim milk, one slice of toast, a large orange juice and coffee this morning."
Kreacher took it well.
"Of course, Master," he said.
"In the dining room?"
Harry often ate his breakfast at the long table in the kitchen, Daily Prophet propped up on the coffee carafe, ten minutes, start to finish.
Then he thanked Kreacher for the delicious breakfast and headed for the door to see what the day would bring.
Kreacher sometimes expressed mild disappointment in Harry.
Kreacher's late mistress, Walburga Black, relished the life of an upper class magical Londoner, going out in daylight only to her little jewel of a garden at the rear of the townhouse, or an occasional garden party at one of her peers' homes.
She took breakfast in bed and could linger over a bowl of fruit with yogurt and a slice of raisin bread toast for an hour or more, studying the Prophet for anything salacious and delivering pronouncements on whatever subject caught her attention.
Harry was interested in #12 Grimmauld Place only because it had been his godfather's home.
He felt Sirius Black's presence in every room.
If not for that he would move to a flat in one of his buildings.
Then Kreacher would have literally nothing to do.
Harry liked keeping the place in the best possible condition, as a tribute to Sirius.
He hadn't been able to adopt the ways of the old upper-class gentleman wizards, working from home and summoning a house elf for everything from a sharpened quill to a glass of water spiked with a few drops of Pepper-up Potion.
Harry did what he could to make it up to Kreacher, including letting Kreacher handle his beverage needs, apparating back and forth between #12 and Potter and Associates with carafes and trays of nibbles.
The goblins were accurate, as they almost always were.
Harry entered Gringotts' front door a few minutes before ten and was ushered in to meet his loan officer on the hour.
They went over the documents together.
Harry asked about his plan to bring in a partner, making sure there were no prohibitions embedded that he hadn't noticed.
This got him a mild display of approval from his goblin counterpart.
"Spreading risk and responsibility, Mr. Potter?
Very good idea.
Someone who shares your outlook on business?"
"Exactly," Harry said.
"Our skills and interests are complementary, I believe, and our general approach is the same.
Spot an opportunity, minimize risk, no getting rich quick, think in years and not months."
The loan officer studied Harry for several seconds.
"Was there anything else?"
he asked.
Harry knew he'd been spotted, caught, dead to rights.
He wondered what had given him away.
At the same time he realized it would do no good to ask.
That would be tantamount to requesting a briefing on all the goblins' trade secrets.
"Actually, since you ask," Harry began, moving on to a very general outline of a problem that a magical acquaintance had brought to his attention, his thoughts on extracting the acquaintance from the immediate threat to the individual, and, by extension, the family, and a proposal he thought merited consideration by Gringotts.
Of course, if the goblins, who were much better business persons than he was, found a flaw in his thinking, he'd welcome their critique.
Harry was asked if he had anything pressing.
He said he didn't and was shown to a small lounge and asked to wait.
He waited.
Then he waited a little longer.
It was nearly an hour since he'd ended his conversation with the loan officer when a uniformed messenger approached him as he sat on the lumpy sofa in the lounge.
"Could you come with me, please, Mr.
Potter?"
Harry stood.
Coming up off the lumps, he had to let his buttocks and thighs adjust back to their natural forms before following the messenger out of the lounge and down a corridor.
The occupants of the offices on both sides were clearly important.
The paneling and carved doors became more lustrous as they walked.
The messenger stopped before a door bearing a plaque that read, simply, "Director."
The messenger didn't knock or do anything that Harry recognized as announcing their presence.
Rather they stood, then they stood some more.
At some point a voice from the office said, "Come in."
It didn't strike Harry as an invitation.
"Mr. Potter, please."
A goblin in a tailored Beau Brummel suit stood up from a substantial, high-backed chair behind a substantial wooden executive desk and made a waving motion to a guest chair.
Harry saw his loan officer had been occupying the other guest chair.
"Coffee, tea, water, fruit juice, or a little taste of some goblin-made brandy?"
asked the director.
"My name is Ragnak, I don't think we've met, something I've been meaning to remedy, of course.
Business."
Ragnak made a little backhand gesture in explanation.
Harry noticed the messenger stood waiting at the door.
He made a show of checking his watch.
"Will we have something to memorialize with the brandy?
And will your distinguished selves be free to join me?"
Harry asked.
"It is just barely late enough in the day."
Ragnak and the loan officer tried to suppress grins but weren't very successful.
"Three brandies," said Ragnak to the messenger, in English.
"The small glasses.
Anything else?"
"A little water to go with it," answered Harry.
Ragnak nodded his approval.
"And three waters," he said.
"Now, Mr. Potter, to business," Ragnak said, sitting down.
"Anvil has brought me a proposition.
I find it very interesting.
The bank, therefore, finds it interesting as well."
Ragnak asked a few questions, which Harry answered.
Ragnak went over Harry's loans, acquisitions and repayment record in detail, literally line item by line item.
Harry was sure Ragnak knew Harry's answers before Harry gave them.
Due diligence complete, Ragnak leaned forward.
"There are aspects of Lord Greengrass' business affairs that have caused the bank concern," Ragnak began.
"The bank would like to resolve the matter of the loan.
The bank's exposure is not that great, although in the event of a collapse of his lordship's finances it would be impossible to make the bank whole.
Not catastrophic for us, but certainly for the Greengrass family, and a loss is a loss.
You are seeking to take on the Greengrass obligation.
That's what your proposal amounts to."
At no time that morning had Harry spoken the name Greengrass.
Those goblins.
"Exactly," Harry said.
"I'm prepared to offer my investment properties as collateral.
The most recent sales, what I paid, do not reflect the current value.
They were derelict and deteriorating, now they are in perfect condition and paying their way, which they show every sign of doing for years and years to come."
"Anvil has put together quite a file on your holdings, Mr. Potter," Ragnak said.
"I must admit I was not fully aware until this morning.
Of course I knew you were working hard.
Word does get around, you understand."
Ragnak looked down at the file folder before turning a few sheets over for a bit more study.
He turned to Anvil and exchanged a few sentences in the goblin language.
Anvil smiled, rose and nodded to Harry, then turned for the door.
"Mr. Potter," Ragnak said when they were alone.
"This amounts to a coup targeting the head of a noble house."
"And a rescue mission for a noble family," Harry added.
"Point," said Ragnak.
"Goblins, for all our aphorisms, 'Time is gold,' and such, are not one-dimensional.
We experience empathy.
We have compassion for others.
We do believe time is gold, Merlin help us, but we get great satisfaction from turning our talents and energy to helping others.
I am proud of our relationship with you, Mr. Potter.
You have been using Gringotts' capital to improve our neighborhoods and provide decent housing for magical folk who need it, and you repay with interest.
Is it your honest intent to help out a family in distress?
Or is this another acquisition?"
Harry held Ragnak's gaze.
He felt the goblin's intensity, his intent to plumb Harry's soul, if he could.
"Lord Greengrass, who undoubtedly has his good points, is in a pickle.
He does not seem to be able to perceive a way out save an exchange of funds as part of a marriage contract.
The old ways, of course.
I believe this is a means to get the family's business into competent hands while saving everyone, not least Lord Greengrass, from the public humiliation that would attach to becoming bankrupt, which would surely happen as soon as he'd run through the ready cash he'd get for what amounts to the sale of his youngest daughter," said Harry.
"In addition, if it is not too crass, may I observe I will be taking on the risk of the loan, thus relieving Gringotts of what must be a worrisome problem?"
A hidden door opened in the paneled wall behind Ragnak's desk and the messenger returned with a tray of drinks.
At almost the same time Harry heard two knocks on the main door, which opened for Anvil's return.
"Anvil, take one of these," said Ragnak.
"Mr. Potter has given us an occasion that must be recognized formally."
That Sunday afternoon, Harry outlined the Potter and Associates business news for Neville.
They were sitting in the garden at Longbottom Manor.
Hannah was on the verandah with Augusta, catching up on all the gossip she'd missed because she was busy at the pub, as well as passing on all the gossip she'd gotten at work that Augusta had missed because she didn't go to the Leaky Cauldron unless she was forced to pass through for some reason.
"You what?"
exclaimed Neville.
"I bought the loan.
I have the lien on Greengrass Manor," Harry said.
"Don't worry, you're not part of that.
I'm on my own on this one."
"What did you pay, if I may ask?"
Neville demanded.
"That's really…" Harry meant to say none of his business, but it was Neville so he changed his mind.
"Oh, what the heck," he said.
"Three hundred eighty-nine thousand."
"You threw it away," Neville huffed.
"Cyrus is going to pay it back a hundred a month in perpetuity?
There is no way the farmland makes the kind of money it would have to for you to pay it off."
"Maybe I don't want to pay it off," said Harry.
"I can pay Gringotts, barring a meteorite hitting the Earth and wiping out us wizards.
That's the important part of all this.
The Greengrass family is out from under the threat of immediate catastrophe.
Now we can engage on the other issues one at a time."
"We?"
asked Neville, although he was pretty sure he knew the answer.
"Daphne's pretty solid," said Harry.
"She's got her feet on the ground.
I don't get the impression her healing practice takes up all of her time, or all of her gray matter, either."
"Where does Daphne come in?"
"I can't tell you everything, can I?"
Harry asked.
"After all, we are raking through an affiliated family's personal finances, which is just short of re-enacting the raid on the Sabine women."
Neville loved an apt classical reference and broke out in a laugh.
"But…" Neville said.
"But, I think Daphne might like a project.
Something for her spare time," said Harry.
"I think she's got it in her.
Why not give her a chance?"
Neville looked doubtful but he kept his own counsel, and they moved along to getting the partnership organized and registered so they could do business as an entity.
Harry became the one asking probing questions, this time on the views of Hannah Abbott Longbottom.
The last thing Harry wanted was the wrath of the mistress of the Leaky Cauldron coming down upon him.
Besides, she was a fellow Diagon Alley business person, and he wanted to be on good terms with all of those.
Hannah was ambivalent at first, Neville told Harry, but after she'd slept on it a time or two, she became mildly supportive.
Neville thought there were a small number of threads that made up Hannah's view.
She knew the business in the pub side of the Leaky Cauldron was at maximum capacity.
They literally had no room for more seating, so the ability to grow was stymied by the available space.
She wanted to do more with the rooms upstairs, while being careful with the people.
Several of them were near-destitute and literally had nowhere to go.
Hannah saw it as a witchly duty to take responsibility for some of the magical widows and castoffs from her community who were old, debilitated or otherwise incapable of fending for themselves.
Hannah had great respect for Neville and Harry's shared history, resilience and their hard work in the post-war magical economy.
She knew they had a greater tolerance for risk than she did, and that tolerance for risk was a valuable personality trait.
Neville needed a larger canvas.
Hannah decided to be grateful he had Harry Potter to work with as he developed his fully-adult place in the society and economy of post-war Magical Britain.
Harry proposed, and Neville accepted, a partnership plan based on a corporation registered in Douglas, Isle of Man.
The corporation would be capitalized, initially, by Harry and Neville.
Once they had permission to engage in trade, the corporation would buy Harry's new investment property and the mortgage for one peppercorn and other valuable consideration, taking over the collection of rents and payment of the mortgage.
From then on the building ought to be self-financing.
Harry thought there might be a need for some minimal administrative assistance and planned to pitch Neville on hiring Pansy, should the need actually emerge.
"Keep an eye open for someone who might want to occupy the ground floor," Harry noted.
"I think that will be prime office space.
A shop would work, too."
"Any thoughts on timing?"
Neville asked.
"The goblins are working on setting up the closing," said Harry.
"I'm hoping for Monday, Tuesday at the latest."
"Good," said Neville, slapping his hands on the tops of his thighs.
Harry was back at Grimmauld Place before he realized he had absolutely nothing left to do and it was several hours before he'd be able to sleep.
He thought he'd like to take Daphne out, for coffee, or a coffee and a biscotti, along with some civilized conversation, but they hadn't exchanged floo addresses and he was sure she had moved since their few days of misadventure years before.
"Should've stayed at Madam Augusta's," Harry thought.
"She has a hammock."
Monday morning arrived and Harry woke up rested and rejuvenated.
He was very close to becoming the owner of another building which would lead to establishing a partnership with Neville Longbottom.
That would give the two of them the opportunity to pool capital to fund larger enterprises than either could alone, as well as the ability to expand into wider fields.
Harry had been building a portfolio of magical rental properties, which he assumed he could do more or less forever, but he would always be the owner of rental properties, whether he had one or one hundred.
Number one hundred would not be likely to have anything at all interesting about it that he hadn't already seen ninety-eight or ninety-nine times.
Harry got to his office before eight, opened up and did a walk-through, just in case, and spread on his desk the files he'd brought with him.
His priorities for the day were to close on his building, if the goblins had been successful in setting up the meeting, then take Kreacher, Mort and Daisy by to discuss maintenance and renovation.
He needed to talk to Daphne, and scolded himself again for not getting current contact information.
Harry hoped Pansy would have some ideas.
Time was critical, if they were to keep Cyrus from doing something stupid that ended with Astoria betrothed to a man who had already offered her sister an arrangement.
Merlin!
Harry wasn't sure exactly how they'd do it, but they had to get control of the Greengrass finances so they could see what was there to work with, put the elders on an allowance, use whatever they had left over to start paying down debt, and get Astoria betrothed to Draco Malfoy, if that was really what they both wanted.
That would be the only way to be certain of ending Cyrus Greengrass' thoughtless trampling through the lives of his nearest and dearest.
The street door opened triggering the bell spell.
"Harry!"
someone shouted from the foyer.
"Pansy!"
Harry shouted back.
"Look at this!"
Pansy said as she literally bounced into Harry's office.
She was waving a small piece of note parchment which she tossed across the desk when she got close enough.
"Morag," she explained.
"Succinct," said Harry, nodding in approval.
"Anything else?"
Pansy picked up the note.
"I know that you know how to read," she announced.
Harry nodded.
"Potter!"
she said.
"Read it!
It concerns you!"
"Oh, well, then, why didn't you say so?"
Harry asked.
He held out his hand, thumb and fingers slightly spread, and drew the parchment to him, making it do a couple of barrel rolls on the way.
Bowing to convention, Harry held the corner of the note parchment between his thumb and forefinger and began to read aloud: "Pansy, "I want you and Harry to know that Mother has been talking about your visit constantly, whenever she is awake.
She isn't improving, physically, but her spirits haven't been higher since she suffered her stroke.
I've had to promise a return visit, so far 'soon' has been sufficient, but I don't know how long that will continue.
If you find yourselves with another excess baguette, please bring it along.
I will make us a cauldron of soup to go with it!
Regards, Morag" "Well, that seems to say you did a good deed last week, Pansy," Harry said.
"How does that make you feel?"
"Wonderful, of course," Pansy said.
"When should we go back?"
"Why, as soon as possible," said Harry.
"Let's reconcile calendars today and look for a date."
They both looked toward the foyer at the sound of the bell spell.
"Mr.
Potter?"
someone said.
"Come in," Harry said.
He motioned to his left with his eyes and Pansy sidestepped once, twice.
She noticed Harry's thumb and first two fingers disappear into his sleeve.
"You are Harry Potter?"
asked the man.
He was well-built, close to six feet tall, with a blond crew cut that stood straight up from his scalp, and blue eyes.
He wore a tweed jacket, white shirt, and black trousers.
His shoes were the only odd part about his streetwear—a pair of leather boots with heavy lug soles.
Harry recognized them as Italian, the kind hiking enthusiasts, muggles and magicals alike, wore to trek around the mountain ranges of Europe.
There weren't a lot of mountains in magical London, so far as Harry knew.
"Sir," said Harry, nodding once, not taking his eyes from the man's center of mass.
"Yourself?"
"Dieter Berg," said the man, bringing his heels together and dropping his head.
"Would you like to come in, Mr. Berg?
Can we get you coffee, tea, water?
Juice?"
Harry asked.
Dieter Berg stood still, just the other side of the threshold.
He seemed to be debating coming inside.
Before he moved he let his eyes go up one side of the doorframe, across the top and down the other side.
Finally, he moved, walking across the office.
Harry stood up, still seeming to fiddle with his left shirt cuff with his right hand, until Berg extended his.
Harry took it.
"Delighted, please sit down," Harry said.
"What's your pleasure?"
Harry asked.
"Just water, if you please," said Berg.
Harry summoned Kreacher, asked for a coffee for himself and water for his guest.
Pansy shook her head 'No.'
Harry made a little motion, just moving his fingertips, and Pansy glided out the door.
"What brings you to London, Mr.
Berg?"
Harry asked.
"I'm sorry, I know just enough Italian to pick up a little accent, and your English is excellent."
"My mother would be very happy to hear you say so," Berg said with a smile.
"She insisted we work at our languages.
I grew up bilingual, Romansh and Italian.
Our world is so tiny, we have to be able to communicate with neighbors.
I managed German, French and English.
Not bad for one of the slower members of the family."
"I'm sure that's not true at all, Mr. Berg," Harry said.
Kreacher arrived with the water and the coffee.
Those sorted, Harry continued.
"Italian and Romansh—do you differentiate between them as to a first language?"
"Yes, we're in a tiny, isolated pocket of Romansh.
A few miles one direction, you'll need standard Italian.
A few the other, you'll need German.
We descended from Roman colonists who arrived sometime in the last century before the calendar was changed, according to the scholars.
Demobilized legionaries, wives, children, et cetera," said Berg.
"Perhaps an augur or two?
A soothsayer, here and there?"
"Fascinating," said Harry.
"Romansh, so you're Swiss?
Austrian?
Italian?"
"I carry a Swiss passport," said Berg.
"Have you visited our part of the world?"
"Just once," Harry said.
"A very short pleasure trip.
Getaway, you know?
I've always wanted to go back and stay longer.
So, what can I do for you?"
"I'm looking for someone," said Berg.
"You might know them.
A distant relative of mine, English, educated.
Her name is Romilda Berg, although before her marriage she was known as Romilda Vane.
I need to contact her.
It's a family matter.
I hope you don't mind, but I'm not at liberty to divulge more."
Harry knew very little about Romilda, other than Pansy's fragmentary report from a few days before.
He was quick enough to judge Dieter Berg did not have Romilda's best interests foremost in his mind.
Something about the man's attitude, posture, accent, or all together, already irritated Harry.
He'd be damned before he'd give Dieter Berg one piece of information that might help him locate Romilda Vane.
"Oh, Mr. Berg, that is a name from my past.
I haven't thought of Romilda for quite some time.
She was at Hogwarts School, years and years ago.
Not in my class.
I was, you could say, stressed, during my school days.
What memories I have…" Harry let the sentence drift off.
He allowed himself a moment of reverie.
"What do you wish to do, Mr.
Berg?"
"Offer her a return to her rightful place in the Berg family," said Berg.
Harry did not like the way he said it.
"Admirable," said Harry.
"My own family, the war, and all…" He stood, walked around the desk and extended his hand.
"If you'd like…" Harry took a business card from a holder on his desk blotter.
"Harry Potter," it said.
"The Lane (nr.
Diagon Alley)" "London" "If you wish to send something by owl, just," Harry said, making a little, waving gesture toward his address.
Dieter Berg accepted the card, nodding once again as he brought his heels together.
"Thank-you for the hospitality, signur Potter."
"Best of luck, sir," said Harry as he led the way to the door.
Harry stood back and watched Dieter Berg until he disapparated some yards down the lane from Potter and Associates' front door.
Pansy opened the door to her office and stepped out while Harry was occupied.
"What do you think?"
Harry asked.
"Bad business," said Pansy.
"You?"
"Oh, I definitely agree with you there," said Harry.
"Dieter Berg, Romansh-speaker from a tiny pocket that isn't anything particularly, carries a Swiss passport but perhaps pointedly did NOT say he was Swiss, comes all this way to offer Romilda her rightful place in the family.
Besides, he creeped me out.
Always go with your feeling if some wizard creeps you out, you can't go wrong."
"I have to start writing these down," said Pansy.
"I sense a steady position on the best-seller lists: 'The Wisdom of Harry Potter.'
You know, for graduation, bridal shower gifts, that sort of thing."
Harry didn't know whether he should take her seriously or not.
"What do you want to do?"
Pansy asked.
"Not call attention to Romilda, first of all," said Harry.
"Did you get it all?"
Harry knew Pansy could follow anything happening anywhere in the office as she was very good with some simple eavesdropping charms.
"Definitely," Pansy said.
"We don't have anything.
A vague reference.
I don't know if a skilled Legilimens could do anything with that."
"Oh, I rather think they could," Harry said.
"Did you feel our friend Dieter probing?
I didn't."
"That would be a very high level of skill, if he could get in and out without detection," said Pansy.
"That's not to say it can't be done."
"It definitely can be done, but the number of wizards who can do it is very small," said Harry.
"Besides, if Dieter is one of them, why would he tip his hand by stopping to see us?
If the trail was a good one and it led to London, all a wizard with that level of competence would need to do, would be to circulate a bit and listen."
"How'd he just happen to come across the office?
Know of an association with Romilda, slight as it was?"
Harry asked.
"Putting two and two together," Pansy began, "What if the Bergs are fanned out, checking the places they know for sure figure in Romilda's past?
Initial stages of their investigation?
Standard technique, according to all the police procedurals.
'My partner and I went to the old neighborhood, knocking on doors, asking if anyone had seen the suspect recently.'
I've been craving a shot of that mead Madam Rosmerta keeps underneath the bar.
I remember it from my wild days.
Throw it back and it makes a miscreant feel good about herself.
Take it a sip at a time and it can lead to real insight.
Of course, one must remember to stop in time if one wants to have the memory of the insight when one wakes up."
Harry looked at Pansy.
She looked back.
He raised one eyebrow.
"Yes, I'm sure," Pansy said.
"Pretty.
Sure."
"Playing with fire, Pansy," said Harry.
"One," said Pansy.
"Strictly for research purposes.
I'll tell Rosmerta you're to be informed immediately if I ask for another.
Then you can come and drag me home.
It's not as if you've had to do that recently.
"Merit and Inheritance Chapter 11 Potter Magic Harry finally consented to Pansy taking off during business hours to drink an alcoholic beverage at the Three Broomsticks, all in the interest of research into Dieter Berg, or any other member of the Berg family who might be using standard investigative techniques, going around, asking questions in places that might have been familiar to an earlier edition of Romilda Vane Berg.
Harry made note of the time.
He resolved to give Pansy two hours, then he'd be overcome with a parallel desire for a butterbeer pushed across Rosmerta's bar.
It was well-known there was something special about those to every Hogwarts alumnus.
The office was quiet and Harry was hanging around only to be available should Gringotts send an owl or a messenger with details for the closing of the purchase of the new building when the bell spell sounded.
The bell was nearly drowned out by the simultaneous shout of, "POTTER!"
generated by a female voice.
Harry looked up into the enraged face of Daphne Greengrass, but what really concerned him was the tip of Daphne's wand that stopped its progress roughly eighteen inches from Harry's nose.
"DAMMIT POTTER WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?"
Daphne screamed.
She literally screamed.
Harry hadn't heard Daphne scream before, but he couldn't take the time to note the occasion because it looked like she really wanted to use her wand on him.
"Daphne, I'm quite mad for you and would never do anything to hurt you or disadvantage you in any way.
Can you lower your wand?
Please?"
Harry asked.
Daphne lowered her wand, but she didn't put it away.
Instead, she threw a piece of parchment on Harry's desk.
"Read it!"
Daphne ordered.
Harry picked up the parchment.
"Have a seat, please," he said.
"Kreacher!"
"Kreacher is here, Master," said the elf.
"Ah, Healer Daphne, an honor, as always."
Harry wondered if Kreacher sensed Daphne's agitation and was trying to do his part with his deep, nose-nearly-to-the-floor bow.
"A pot of tea, please, Kreacher.
The black tea, some lemon slices, sugar cubes," Harry said.
"A you going to read that parchment Potter?"
asked Daphne, a little louder than Harry thought necessary.
"Of course, just give me a moment," Harry said.
He began reading aloud.
"My dear Lord Greengrass, etc, etc, my pleasure to inform…obligation to advise…debt to Gringotts free and clear…" "Happy?"
Harry asked.
"Harry Potter, you weasel, snake, slippery…" "You're headed toward mudblood, Daphne," said Harry, a little warning note in his tone.
Daphne jerked back in her chair, eyes suddenly filled with tears.
"What are you doing to us, Harry," she asked.
"And I've never called you a mudblood in my life and that really hurt!"
"Okay, can we talk now?"
Harry asked.
"Because this is serious and we have to talk it through, maybe three or four times.
We'll probably have one chance and only one, to get it right.
Can we get serious?
Or do you want to come back to it later?"
Daphne took a deep breath.
She finally used her wand, to do a little freshen-up charm on her face, then one more that Harry didn't really get.
Maybe she fixed her minimal makeup?
Kreacher popped into existence with the tray holding the teapot, cups, saucers, lemon and sugar.
Daphne used the time Kreacher needed to pour and serve to get control of her breathing.
"Thank-you, Kreacher," Daphne said, accepting the tea.
"Ready?"
Harry asked when Kreacher had bowed and gone.
Daphne nodded.
"How did you get this?"
Harry asked.
"Thank Merlin, Mother got it from the owl and opened it before Father saw it," Daphne said.
"She called me and asked what it meant.
I got there before he did, swore her to silence and came looking for you.
What in Merlin's name, Harry?"
"Right," Harry began.
"I apologize for not consulting with you but I thought it through, several times, and decided I had to do it this way for it to work.
From your description, I concluded Cyrus is in a situation of his own making and in danger of dragging all of you down with him.
Astoria, Morgana bless her, is just one facet of the risk you all face.
The mortgage is a commodity.
Gringotts sold it to me like any other asset that could be sold.
Cyrus is now relieved of at least one of his debts to Gringotts."
"But you own the lien!"
Daphne said, her tea cup rattling on the saucer.
"What are you going to do?
Put us all out on the street?"
"No, I'm trying to keep that from happening," Harry said.
"Done right, this is the first step in unraveling Cyrus' financial mess and putting some order in the Greengrass family's business affairs."
Daphne took a sip from her tea cup, looking at Harry over the rim.
The anger was gone from her face, replaced by an intensity around the eyes, making Harry feel like an object under study.
"Cyrus mortgaged the manor, took the money, didn't find a productive use for it, invested in a failed business, threw a party, whatever.
It doesn't matter.
He owed Gringotts, so I bought them out, so if worse comes to worst, I own the manor and you all won't be out on the street.
With me so far?"
asked Harry.
"Right," said Daphne.
"Logical enough.
Unless you are stringing me along and you really want something else."
"Well, you can listen closely, then you can tell me if you're uncomfortable with the rest of my evil plan," Harry said.
"Cyrus owes more people.
They can't get their hands on the manor, the house, lands, or anything else that is subordinate to that property because I own it.
I still owe Gringott's, of course, but the lien takes precedence.
However, I do have some leverage over your family's finances now because according to the terms of the loan I have the option to ask for additional collateral if the amount owed goes up, and if it is not forthcoming, I can foreclose and take the manor or auction it, however I want to do it, to settle the debt.
Getting clearer?"
"Why do you want to take over our financial affairs?
They're a mess, and I don't know the half of it because Cyrus lies and obfuscates whenever I ask," said Daphne.
"I don't want to take over," Harry said.
"I want to work with you."
"What's to work with?
Cyrus won't let me near…Oh…Harry Potter, you sneaking, conniving little…," said Daphne, running out of words.
"You have a head," said Harry.
"I don't know if you have a head for figures or not, but that can be remedied.
You have a head for what is right.
For thinking systematically.
With just a little push, you can get into Cyrus' books, if he has any, prioritize, rank order the obligations from most dangerous to least, deal with the most pressing, negotiate payment schedules for the lesser important ones, and so on."
Harry leaned back in his chair, slowly, to draw out the squeak.
He didn't know why, but for some reason he liked to play the squeak, as if the chair were a musical instrument.
"He'll never do it," Daphne sighed.
"Wizard.
Pride.
Thinks he knows, the witches certainly don't know…" "Hence the need for just a little leverage," Harry said.
"How did you do it?
Do you have half a million galleons lying around?"
asked Daphne.
"That's just a bit hard to believe."
"I might have been able to raise it on my own," Harry answered.
"It wasn't necessary, though, because I have been doing a little business with Gringotts, not every single one as big as this, of course, but my record is good.
I've made them a few galleons.
The numbers worked for this.
It's for our mutual benefit."
"So you just signed for a half-million galleons?
From the goblins?"
Daphne asked, the disbelief thick, mixed with confusion, mixed with disorientation as her entire body of assumptions about the goblins of Gringotts, not to mention Harry Potter, was chucked out the window.
"No," said Harry.
"Before we go further, we need to talk about…" "Stop, that reminds me," Daphne said.
The interruption was rude, an almost-unheard of occurrence where Daphne Greengrass was concerned.
"Before we go further, what did you mean, you're mad for me?"
"Just that," said Harry.
"I always have been.
I wanted to get to know you better in school and then after the war I still wanted to but you remember how that went.
I knew, when I took the time to reflect, that I had ruined something that should have been wonderful.
It would have done a lot to fix me.
Sometimes we have to learn these things the hard way.
You saved my life, you know.
Losing you was such a shock, and I had no one to blame but myself.
When I realized that, and felt it in my heart, along with the gratitude I feel this minute, is when I started to get better."
"I was as much to blame as you," said Daphne.
"Smartass, spoiled, privileged witch with no empathy.
I couldn't see what I was doing was wrong and hurtful because I couldn't feel the effect all my snottery was having on others.
The personal growth it took to realize that was painful.
Well worth it, though."
"Me too.
You saved my life.
It hurt terribly but was worth every twinge.
What's done is done," Harry said.
"Ready to move along?"
"Let's go," said Daphne.
"Good," Harry said.
"First of all, you're going to learn some information about my business dealings, which is inevitable, but which I expect you will keep entirely to yourself.
We're not doing anything criminal.
It's just business.
Opportunities come and go, but if someone gets there first, it's generally conceded it is their opportunity and gone from the market.
Thus, insider information is privileged.
You keep confidences, in your profession.
You'll apply the same rules here."
"I didn't have to pay half a million to buy the loan, which had a little under four hundred thousand outstanding.
I bought out the goblins' interest in the loan.
They loaned me the funds, which I secured by putting up some properties from my own portfolio as collateral.
Now I have a loan with Gringotts for the amount I paid to redeem Cyrus' note with them, making Cyrus my debtor.
I expect to pay off the loan from Gringotts with income from my properties, which are up and running and profitable.
It's not that different from what you did before, although perhaps the number is a little bigger."
Harry stopped to take a sip of tea and open up the floor, should Daphne have a comment.
"So you borrowed the money, from the goblins, to pay off the note on Greengrass Manor that was the result of Cyrus borrowing money from the goblins?"
she asked.
"Yep, I borrowed the money and gave it right back, getting Cyrus out from under that loan he had with Gringotts," Harry said.
"But now you owe the goblins," said Daphne.
"No one has actually paid off anything."
"Oh, that's where you're wrong," said Harry.
"Cyrus Greengrass was going to, in effect, sell a daughter to a man who expects to get two for the price of one, in order to catch up with the interest on his loan from the goblins.
They're implacable.
They'd hate to see you being turned into a little side diversion of your brother-in-law's because they actually do have hearts and feel bad about that kind of thing happening to nice people like yourself, but they would never interfere in Cyrus' family life or decision making, not when it comes to protecting the bank's interests.
That's their moral code.
It all gets sorted out by keeping their noses in their ledgers and out of wizards' business.
On the other hand, if a young, successful investor comes in and wants to do a good deed, and he's a better risk than the other guy, the goblins are just looking out for the bank's best interests, even if the young guy plans to interfere with the old guy's family life and decision making.
That's just smart business."
"You're the young guy who is a better risk?"
"I am," answered Harry.
"Whatever he might raise from Astoria would not last long enough to pay off the mortgage, so Cyrus would be right back in the same vise he is in now, with no more daughters on the shelf.
At that point it's likely the goblins would have to take back the property anyway."
"You put yourself on the line to get Cyrus off it.
Why?"
Daphne asked.
"What should I do?
You brought it to me.
I've already said I'm not going to put you all out on the street," Harry said.
"You're scared to death Astoria is going to end up with a cad.
The guy is so obtuse he suggested an arrangement with you before he's had as much as a conversation with Astoria."
"Look, I can carry the new loan.
If I had to, with the market the way it is, I could sell a building, probably within a week, take the equity and deposit it and let that pay the monthly payments for quite a while.
When that ran out I could do the same thing again, if I had to.
BUT, with me owning the loan, I can grant Cyrus, and you, a suspension of repayments for a reasonable period, subject to one or two conditions."
"And what would those be?"
Daphne asked.
"You and I get to sit down with Cyrus and his records and his banker, if necessary, and do a good workout on his debts.
We take whatever he has been paying Gringotts and get the other creditors something, anything.
Then we show them you have control and you're doing business, not flimflam.
Once we see the real numbers, we do an inventory of Greengrass holdings.
If your father is sufficiently detached from reality he may be sitting on all kinds of stuff, assets, that can be turned into cash and used to pay down debt.
Then, of course, once we have our hands on the money and the property, you can sit down with Cyrus, Cordelia and Astoria, and explain there will be no more talk of marriage contracts with Laurent—what was his last name?"
"Selwyn," said Daphne.
"I wonder if I'll ever get the chance to punch him in the nose?"
Harry speculated.
"Laurent Selwyn.
Merlin."
Daphne sat across from Harry, smiling, a kind of prideful, Cheshire Cat-ish smile.
"Do you mean it?
You weren't just trying to calm me down, were you?"
Daphne asked.
"Mean what?"
Harry asked.
"We've covered a lot…" "Are you really mad for me?
Is that how you feel?"
asked Daphne.
"Of course, I wouldn't joke about something like that," Harry said.
Daphne looked like she was ready to launch straight across the desk and plant a good one on Harry's lips.
"But we're doing business first and then talking that over at length before we do anything else and let our hormones take over, Daphne.
You agreed.
We can't cock this up because if we do it's going to be a mess of historical proportions.
Help me get this right, and we'll go on to the other," said Harry, rattling it off like gravel cascading down a metal roof.
"You're right, of course, Harry," said Daphne.
"What are the rules?
Arm's length?
Never alone together?"
"When do you want to talk to Cyrus?"
Harry asked.
"The sooner the better.
It might go smoother than we anticipate.
The business could all be on a completely different footing in a week, then we turn our attention to the workout phase, get the Greengrass family some breathing room.
Then we talk about the other.
Talk first, ah…" He had a synonym for 'copulate' ready to go, buried it, and lost his train of thought.
"…later," Harry said.
"Pull your lower lip in, Snakette, your wiles will not get you anywhere."
"I had to try," said Daphne.
"You're soul-less, Harry.
I must work on that, as soon as I have the time."
"Right, then," said Harry.
"Cyrus was meant to get this letter today.
Therefore, he should get it.
Getting it from you might not be the best thing, since you and your mother have interfered in Lord Greengrass's sacred precincts.
I suggest I accompany you.
Then I'll be an additional resource, to answer any questions you might be asked that are outside the scope of your knowledge.
There's also the matter of Astoria.
Would Cyrus do the irrational, or unthinkable, and try to do a quick deal, just to exert his authority?
In other words, would it be wise to get her out of town for a short vacation?"
"Oh, Merlin and Morgana, Harry," said Daphne, "I wish you hadn't brought that up.
I have thought about that.
He could, he's that full of pride, and himself.
Cut off his nose to spite his face."
"Well, then," said Harry as he stood up.
"Time is of the essence.
Not to mention gold."
He stepped into his bathroom.
Daphne heard a door hinge squeaking.
Harry came back with a black robe and a necktie.
He tossed the robe on his desk and turned up his shirt collar and tied the tie, turned down the collar and shrugged into his cloak.
"Going like that?"
Harry asked.
"I guess, my closet's at home."
"Might be a good idea to leave a robe, pair of trainers, that kind of thing here.
Give yourself the option to change.
You'll be here from time to time, as long as we're in business together.
You can share with Pansy, if sharing with me would be too…suggestive?"
"Harry Potter, you Puritan!"
laughed Daphne.
"In a bad way?"
Harry asked as they went out the door.
Harry set the lock and wards on the door, took Daphne's arm, and started down the mews.
Dieter Berg was fast, but he should have used an occlusion charm, because he was just enough slower than Harry for Harry to catch him ducking into a little recessed doorway.
"Hang on," Harry muttered as he dropped Daphne's arm and threw his around her waist.
"Where is this?"
Daphne said as they materialized on the lawn of a large, derelict country house.
"I thought we'd be going to Cyrus and Cordelia's."
"We will," said Harry.
"This is just a little diversion.
Stay with me, I don't think it will take very long."
"So where are we?"
Daphne asked as they walked up a weedy path to the front steps.
"Devon," Harry said.
"Beautiful, isn't it?"
"Sure, but whose place is this?"
Daphne asked.
"Mine," said Harry.
"It's the old Potter Manor.
It was damaged in the fighting, I wasn't able to take care of it properly, so some elves and goblins got it stabilized and protected from the weather and I've been trying to find the time and funds to take on restoration.
Projects just keep popping up.
It's distracting.
I really have to get my priorities in order.
Let's get inside, I want to be ready."
"For what?"
Daphne asked.
"I saw someone back there," Harry said.
"I judge he didn't get something that he wanted from me and now he will try something a bit more…ah…forceful.
You don't get sick or catatonic in the midst of violence, do you?
Because I don't anticipate a lot of trouble, but you know how these things sometimes take on a life of their own."
Harry raised his wand and the planks that had been nailed over the great front door popped off and floated to the left side of the stairs, where they stacked themselves neatly, ready for re-use.
Once the planks were gone the front door opened with a long, drawn-out sigh.
Harry took Daphne's hand and led her inside to an ornate foyer.
A long hall stretched ahead of them, black and white square tiles making up the floor, closed doors to the left and right, a flight of stairs inset in the right side of the hallway twenty feet or thereabouts ahead.
Daphne noticed the tiles shone as if scrubbed and polished just for their arrival.
"Keep your ears open.
I don't know if he knows how to follow, but if he does, he'll apparate out on the lawn.
Let's go in here."
Harry opened a door on the right side of the hallway and they entered a room with high ceilings, paneled walls complete with a carved frieze, and dozens of framed pieces, presumably portraits, under drapes on the walls.
"Revelio!"
Harry shouted, raising his hands above his head.
Daphne noticed he didn't need to wave his wand around, but simply kept it in his hand, like he was conducting an orchestra.
The drapes flew off the portraits and went away somewhere.
A fire started in some logs in the fireplace and the lamps, candles and sconces lit up together.
"Everyone!"
Harry shouted again, and the portraits began waking up, blinking, stretching, looking around.
Some picked up eyeglasses and put them on.
"Everyone, this is the Healer Daphne Greengrass, the heir to Lord Cyrus of Greengrass Manor.
Some of you had to know her family back when.
There's all kinds of business I need to discuss with you but something is pressing right this minute and the other will have to wait."
"Harry Potter!"
exclaimed one of the witches' portraits.
"What have you gone and done?"
"Grandmother Dorea, I kept a confidence and this wizard Berg is being a pest about it.
I think he may be on his way here.
If so, I'll count on the Potters' family magic coming out to play.
See how good it feels this morning," Harry said.
"Berg?"
asked Dorea.
"A Romansh Berg from Switzerland?
What's his name?"
"Dieter," said Harry.
"Know him?"
"Knew one," said Dorea, "But that one's dead, not at all sorry to say.
They're always on the wrong side.
Always.
It's like a habit with them.
What's that tie say?"
"Toujours Pur," Harry said, slipping his hand behind the tie and lifting a little, while he gave Dorea Black Potter a hopeful smile.
"See the ravens?
Are you pleased?"
"Of course, you little renegade," said Dorea, a huge smile taking over her face.
"Make sure you put your girlfriend in a safe place, something about her aura is telling me she's a keeper."
"You're sounding authoritative, Grandmother," Harry observed.
"Harry," said Daphne, who was turned around, looking out the door.
"Visitor."
"Oh, thanks," said Harry.
He turned and flipped his wrist in the direction of a large sofa, causing the covering sheet to fly off and go somewhere.
"Let's sit down," Harry said.
"Going to have to get right back up again," Harry observed as Dieter Berg showed up in the center hall, just outside the doo.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twelve What A Day "Mr. Potter," said Dieter Berg as he walked in the salon.
"Pardon the intrusion.
I wouldn't have come but you have something that, by rights, you are obligated to share.
I've come for it.
Now, the witch you know as Romilda Vane, who was once married to my father, is in England.
She was seen in the vicinity of your office.
Considering your past history with the witch Romilda Vane Berg, you undoubtedly know this.
The family's correspondents are convinced you know her whereabouts.
If you don't, that's too bad because I will be forced to subdue you so you can watch me first interrogate the young lady in front of you."
"Harry," Daphne began.
"Don't worry, that's not enough wizard to stress your mildest stunner," said Harry.
"We're going to have to handle him very carefully because he is dumb and inbred.
Good with languages, though, according to him."
"Mr. Potter, you are being very foolish," said Dieter Berg.
"You do not want to provoke me.
I could kill you both before you could move."
"Well, Signur Berg, I've been dead and it wasn't all bad.
I learned a lot from the experience, as you can surely imagine.
I can easily arrange for you to be dead if you'd like to see what I'm talking about.
First though, the formalities," said Harry as he stood, hands visible so Berg could see he was wandless.
"Fellow wizard, my name is Harry James Potter, Lord Potter and Lord Black, Heir of Ignotus Peverell, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, Order of Merlin.
You are standing uninvited in my family seat, wherein reside the sacred portraits that represent the shades of my ancestors.
So you can take your Berg and slide it you-know-where, and I hope you enjoy it immensely.
I don't know where Romilda Vane is and if I did I'd enchant her and put her at the bottom of the Marianas Trench and send you down after her because your degenerate Roman magic doesn't impress me one bit," Harry said as Berg became redder and redder.
"Before you were halfway to the bottom you'd be crushed and compacted until I could hang you from a twenty karat gold chain and present you to Romilda to wear around her neck along with whatever other well-deserved loot she snookered out of your provincial pervert of a grandpa."
Dieter Berg was one of those men who liked to get good and angry before he started fighting because he thought it made him a better fighter, and besides, it just felt so good.
Too bad for him he didn't think about the meaning of what Harry told him, just being honest, about the status of an invader in the presence of Potters, Blacks, Peverells and Salazar Slytherin.
Dieter wasn't fooling around but went straight to Harry's old acquaintance, the killing curse, Avada Kedavra.
He got it off, but it never arrived.
Dieter Berg had just time enough to unstraighten his arm and start puzzling over his wand when the paralysis began.
Within two seconds he was completely petrified.
He didn't topple over because something levitated him.
He began revolving slowly as soon as his feet left the floor.
A transparent cube appeared around him.
It was immaterial, with six perfectly square sides that rippled slightly as the cube turned, so it didn't seem to be solid.
Harry walked over to the cube and looked in at the petrified Dieter Berg as his ancestors shouted, clapped, cheered, laughed, whistled and rapped their painted table tops with their knuckles.
"Yes, alright, thank-you for the help," Harry called out.
"Well done, well done everyone.
You are all my witnesses, I gave him all the facts he needed to know to avoid this very thing happening."
"So you did, lad, well done!"
said one of the portraits.
"No one to blame but himself, and perfectly legal," laughed another.
"There's a place for him right there on the mantle if you want to show him off," observed a third.
Harry stood looking at the cube, assessing something.
"Now…" Harry pointed his wand at the transparent cube and it began to shrink, Dieter Berg shrinking in proportion right along with the cube.
When it was about the size of a standard lump of sugar, Harry plucked it out of the air and dropped it in the pocket of his robe.
"For ease of administration," Harry explained to everyone, and no one in particular.
He turned around, expecting to address his great-grandmother Dorea Black Potter but was surprised to see she was already involved in a side conversation with Daphne.
Walking up, he heard Dorea ask, "What do you think of him?"
"He's quite the specimen, isn't he?"
answered Daphne.
"Oh, Harry, I was just having a word with Madam Dorea.
She wanted you to pass something along."
"Harry, give my love to Walburga when you get home, will you please?"
Dorea asked.
"She might get upset and have trouble sleeping tonight if I do that, Grandmother," Harry said.
"Well, of course she will," said Dorea, giggling like a schoolgirl.
After all the excitement, the portraits were beginning to show signs of needing to get back to sleep.
"It's been a great day for Potter family magic, hasn't it?"
Harry asked.
There weren't any dissenters to his observation.
"So, good-night, everyone, and I'll be back as soon as I can get here.
Try to have some new stories for me next time."
The portraits that hadn't yet dropped off to sleep thanked Harry for coming, thanked him for putting on such a good show, and thanked him some more for bringing along his beautiful girlfriend.
"Okay," Harry said.
He stood back from the sofa and raised his hands.
The sheet flew back in from somewhere and arranged itself over the sofa.
Harry raised his hands a second time and all the portraits' drapes flew back and covered them up, a few "Good-nights" leaking out here and there.
Harry led the way to the foyer, turned and waved the lights and fire out, then waved the door to the salon closed with his left hand.
He took Daphne back outside, closing the front door from the top step.
It didn't sigh this time, but said something that sounded like 'Harrumph.'
Then it was down to the front lawn and the replacing of the boards over the door.
"Ready?"
Harry asked.
"I have a request," said Daphne.
"Oh?"
"Please don't think you have to top that, at least not for my sake," Daphne said.
"Now, where next?"
"Now we can go to Greengrass Manor," Harry said.
"Ah," said Daphne.
"That.
Here I thought Cyrus was going to be the hard nut that needed cracking today."
"The night's young," Harry said.
"It's not even quite here yet, is it?
Give Cyrus a chance."
Daphne put her arm across Harry's back, he laid his arm over hers and grabbed a fistful of robe.
Daphne dropped them right outside the Greengrass Manor wards.
"You haven't been here before, have you?"
Daphne asked.
"I don't remember it if I have.
At one point, you know, blackouts…ah," said Harry.
"Chalked up to experience, Harry," Daphne said.
"That's all water under the bridge.
I don't remember you being here, or you and I being here."
Daphne walked with Harry up the steps to the front door, which opened for them.
The house elf on door duty was so tiny Harry didn't see her right away.
"Oh, my," Harry said.
It was a reaction, nothing he wanted to say.
"Sorry, I'm Harry Potter," Harry said, dropping into a squat and extending his hand.
"You are?"
"Fluff, Lord Harry, I have always wanted to meet you, such an honor, sir," said Fluff.
"Very pleased to make your acquaintance, Fluff," said Harry as the elf enthusiastically shook Harry's index finger.
A witch, quite handsome, looking like an older version of Daphne, stepped out of a doorway.
"Daphne, you're home early," she said, her voice a little warbly.
"I didn't work a full shift, Mother," said Daphne.
"I worked on the problem you handed me."
"Oh?
What problem is that?"
the witch asked.
"The financial thing, the one the owl brought?
From Gringotts?"
Daphne said.
"Oh, that.
I asked your father about it and he assured me that is some kind of administrative error," said the witch.
"He has an appointment at Gringotts tomorrow and he's going down there to give them a piece of his mind.
After all the years he's done his banking there you'd expect those goblins to have a better grasp of just who Cyrus Greengrass is.
Oh, forgive me sir, you are?"
"Harry Potter, madam, and you must be Daphne's mother?"
"Sorry, Mother, this is Harry, who was at Hogwarts with me," said Daphne.
"Harry, my mother, Cordelia Greengrass."
Mrs. Greengrass glanced at Harry's forehead, apparently seeking confirmation of Daphne's description, before bothering herself just enough to extend a limp hand vaguely in Harry's direction.
Harry took Cordelia's fingertips between his thumb and first finger and leaned over.
"Delighted to make your acquaintance," said Harry.
"Such an honor to meet Daphne's mother."
Cordelia gave Harry a look, a very neutral one, as if it would have pained her to show disdain because Harry didn't rank high enough for Cordelia to take umbrage over the fact that she had to share the earth with him.
"Same, I'm sure," Cordelia managed.
She turned to Daphne.
"I take it the attraction isn't physical," Cordelia said, shifting her eyes to Harry then back to Daphne.
"Mother," said Daphne, a mix of plea and warning.
"Harry is here to help.
You and Father will hear him out.
Let's not leap off the cliff.
There are no lemmings here."
Harry thought Cordelia Greengrass was going to opt out of responding altogether but she got to the end of her ability to resist and sighed: "Cyrus is in the study."
"This way," said Daphne, taking Harry's sleeve and directing him to a door.
Just before knocking she whispered, "Let's do 'Getting To Know You' first.
Take your time, talk a little quidditch.
He really responds to the social niceties."
Harry was sure Cordelia Greengrass heard Daphne's cheeky comments but the older witch gave no sign.
"Come in!"
said a voice at Daphne's knock on the study door.
"Daphne, good afternoon," said a distinguished-looking wizard who Harry deduced was Cyrus Greengrass.
"Home early?"
"Easy day, so far," said Daphne.
Harry thought about Dieter Berg and had to agree—Dieter Berg had made it easier than Harry anticipated.
"And your friend?"
asked Cyrus.
Cordelia stood still, and ramrod straight, shifting her eyes as the conversation went back and forth.
"Father, may I present an old Hogwarts classmate, Harry Potter?
We've recently become reacquainted and Harry has been very gracious as a kind of consultant.
Harry, this is my father, Cyrus Greengrass," Daphne finished.
Harry and Cyrus extended their hands and shook.
"Welcome to our home," said Cyrus.
"We're very pleased to meet you."
Cyrus looked to his wife for confirmation but she was keeping her cards close to her vest.
"It's an honor, sir," said Harry.
"You were a Chudley Cannon at one time, weren't you?"
"Among others," Cyrus said with a laugh.
"The only record I set was, I think, the player most traded in one season."
"Still, that's professional experience," said Harry.
"It has to have been invaluable."
"And you didn't play after Hogwarts, did you, Mr.
Potter?"
asked Cyrus.
Daphne looked a little annoyed at her father's forward comment.
"No, sir," said Harry.
"When I finished school I wasn't in the best condition, upstairs.
I'd have been a menace in competition.
Providence had a hand in my decision, I believe.
At least, that's what I tell myself.
I still fly for fun and play pickup with other old boys and old girls.
No time for a commitment to an organized team."
"That's great!"
said Cyrus.
"Keep your hand in, stay in shape.
Having retired from quidditch and business both, I have to fill my days with management of this property and some investments.
The manor gets me up on my feet, out and about."
"Glad to hear it, sir," said Harry.
"Your family is going to need your presence, and, may I say, leadership, for many years to come."
"I'll try, Harry, I'll try my best," said Cyrus.
"No more chat, though, what would you like to drink?
Butterbeer, wine, firewhisky, coffee, tea, water?
Cider, perhaps?"
Harry looked at Daphne, then Cordelia.
Neither spoke, apparently looking to Harry for guidance.
Harry chose tea.
Can't go wrong with tea.
"Hot tea, black or green, doesn't matter, and a small glass of water, please," said Harry.
"Same," said Daphne.
Cordelia looked disappointed.
"Same," Cordelia agreed.
Cyrus summoned Fluff and had the order placed a minute later, and another house elf arrived a minute or so after that.
Everyone spread out around the study, with the exception of Cyrus Greengrass, who returned to his desk chair.
Three people took a teacup and a saucer, with a medium-sized water glass nearby, sitting primly on a crocheted doily.
Cyrus traded an empty glass for an identical one filled with firewhisky.
Harry sipped his tea, not looking anywhere in particular, his peripheral vision being sufficient for keeping an eye on Cyrus, who was keeping an eye on him.
Harry wondered how long Cyrus would be able to keep up his ruse of ignorance of Harry's transaction with Gringotts.
Cordelia had given away the game when she told Daphne and Harry that Cyrus had an appointment for the next day at Gringotts, where he intended to give them a piece of his mind.
All well and good.
Harry wasn't prepared to trade his lien on Greengrass Manor for a piece of Cyrus' mind.
He'd certainly listen if Cyrus had something to say.
"What…activities are you pursuing these days, Mr.
Potter?"
Cyrus finally asked.
"It's Harry, sir," Harry said.
"I registered a little LLC just to have a name to put on the door.
I have an office on the ground floor of a building, on that lane near Diagon Alley?
I work with one associate, on joint projects of mutual interest.
We're trying to get a complete register of our Hogwarts cohort."
"Worthy, I suppose," said Cyrus.
"Any particular reason?"
Harry sighed and looked at the ceiling.
"I guess, the best way to put it would be to say, we don't want to find out too late that we left anyone behind."
No one had a follow-up, but Harry looked at Daphne and noticed she was giving him a huge smile.
"And the good works," said Cyrus, starting up again, "There's a living in that?"
"Nahh…that's for fun.
The satisfaction of doing it," said Harry.
"I bought a building.
Got a loan from Gringotts, bought a building, found an elf couple to work with who love renovation work, put the building in shape and rented out two apartments.
Those are above my office.
Once the building was modestly profitable and I found another building, I showed my loan officer the numbers and was able to buy the second building with another loan from Gringotts.
The prospective rents, post renovations, were conservative, based on the current market, and would put the building in positive cash flow almost immediately.
That's how it turned out, and this time Gringotts let me secure the loan with the building."
"They turn over enough for you to pay yourself something?"
Cyrus asked.
Harry reminded himself Cyrus had been around business for years.
Even if he wasn't a very good businessman he might have an understanding of some basic principles.
"My personal expenses are almost negligible.
There's a little put aside that I can live on.
Anything left over from the buildings is going right back in," Harry said.
"I try to stay focused on making the buildings the best I can make them, keeping them fully occupied, and let the money take care of itself.
Within reason."
Harry laughed at his post script, which got Daphne laughing along with him.
Cyrus sat up straight in his big leather upholstered chair.
He slapped his hand on the inkstained desk blotter and shouted at Harry: "If you don't give a damn about the money, Potter, what are you doing going behind my back and buying up the mortgage to this manor, which has been in my family for centuries?
You're trying to skim the cream from generations of work by the Greengrass family on the cheap.
You even roped my oldest child into the scheme.
Did you have to seduce her to get her to work for you against the interests of her own family?"
Harry looked straight into Cyrus Greengrass's eyes.
He was fighting a desperate internal battle to keep his voice even and his hands from attaching themselves to Cyrus Greengrass's neck.
Daphne looked like she was about to cry over the way her own father spoke about her.
Cordelia Greengrass looked like she was going into shock.
"Your daughter, Lord Cyrus, is an exemplar of virtue, a faerie queen straight out of the old ballads, so pure she puts newborn lambs in second place.
She has done nothing with me but put the interests of the Greengrass FAMILY above every other consideration.
That is every, single, member of the Greengrass family.
Including her mother and sister."
Harry paused to let the meaning of the last sentences sink in.
Cyrus turned redder and redder.
Cordelia seemed to recover and turned her eyes on her husband.
"Cyrus?"
she asked.
"Yes, Cordelia?"
"Cyrus, is this family in trouble?
Are you going to lose the Manor?"
Cordelia asked.
"Now, Cordelia, when have we ever…" "Answer me!"
Cordelia nearly shouted.
"Answer me, Cyrus, please.
Are we in trouble?"
Cyrus didn't say anything.
He looked at Harry.
He looked at Daphne.
He seemed to be saying, 'Help me out of this.'
It was clear he didn't want to say it out loud.
"We have had some reverses on the business side, some investments that ought to have been solid didn't work out…" Cyrus said, looking again at Daphne.
Harry caught Daphne's eye and gave her a single nod.
Daphne pulled the Gringotts' letter out of her inside pocket.
"My Dear Lord Greengrass," Daphne read out.
"Gringotts is pleased to inform…" When she finished reading, Daphne handed the parchment to her father, who let it drop on his desk.
"Why?"
Cyrus asked.
"Cyrus, what does that mean?"
asked Cordelia.
"Why?
What are you in this for?
Do you want to pick us clean?
A vulture, is that what you are Potter?"
Cyrus was getting wound up again.
"Cyrus!"
Cordelia shouted for the second time.
"What.
Does.
That.
Letter.
Mean?"
"It means Harry Potter owns this manor, my family seat, and the economic foundation of this family, and he can call in the loan if I'm a single knut short one month and there is not a damned thing we can do about it.
That vulture there can throw us out on the street!
Are you a man of honor, Potter?
Shall we settle this according to the old ways?
You went behind my daughter's skirt to take my property with financial manipulation, do you have a backbone or do you only work through witches?"
"Father, will you please shut UP?!"
said Daphne, who'd had just about enough.
"You had better shut your mouth and listen for a change.
Harry may be the last chance you have to get us back to solvency."
Cyrus may have thrown in the towel because he was tired of the fight or because his situation finally clarified for him or because his wife had spoken to him for the first time ever in a manner that suggested she had a spine more than stiff enough to stand up to whatever Cyrus Greengrass could throw at her, but for whatever reason, Cyrus was silent.
Daphne let things settle for a bit before she spoke, her quiet voice commanding attention.
"First of all, Mother, and Father, it would not be a good idea to insult Harry again.
How he has the forbearance to sit there and calmly listen to that offensive diatribe I do not know," Daphne began.
"I suggest, for the good of the entire Greengrass family, that you treat Harry, Lord Potter, and Lord Black, Order of Merlin, Heir of Ignotus Peverell, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, and a permanent member of the Wizengamot with the respect to which he is entitled.
Yes, I said entitled.
Because he's powerful enough on his own, but his family magic?
Take my word for it, we don't ever want to make the House of Greengrass the enemy of Harry Potter.
Alright?
Good."
"Now," Daphne went on, "Harry has outlined to me a brilliant plan for working our way out of some difficulties.
Listen, please.
Be flexible.
This is all going to get better.
Harry?"
"It's true, you're no longer in hock to Gringotts.
I am in hock to Gringotts.
You are in hock to me, but I have no interest in your manor.
I've got one and I am too busy to take proper care of it.
Therefore, a second would be nothing but a distraction, an impediment.
The amount I borrowed from the bank is secured with my other buildings.
Gringotts doesn't want those back, either.
I invest in buildings, Gringotts handles money, understood?"
said Harry, stopping there and looking around at the other three.
"Good," Harry said before starting up again.
Over the next thirty minutes he told Cyrus that Cyrus would be bringing Daphne into his confidence on every scrap of business that concerned the Greengrass family.
She would have access to every loan and advance that Cyrus was obligated to repay, every asset the family owned that could be put to productive use or sold for cash.
Daphne would, in conference with Cyrus and Harry, rank order obligations so that the ones that presented the greatest threat would be paid off first while none would be allowed to become non-performing.
"So if it comes to that, we'll meet with those at the bottom of the list and find a solution.
Longer payoff, consolidation, whatever works to keep them on our side while we tackle the higher priorities," said Harry, finishing up.
Cyrus sat staring straight out a window at the late afternoon light for what seemed like a long time.
Then he looked at Cordelia.
Her face was truly inscrutable, at least to Harry.
Maybe her family could read her, but Harry couldn't.
"Fine," said Cyrus.
"Fine.
We will give it our best.
Merlin knows some of my decisions didn't work out the way I thought they should.
But, is it alright to call you Harry?
But, Harry, why are you doing this?"
Harry looked at Daphne.
Daphne shrugged.
'Up to you,' she seemed to be saying.
Harry sighed.
"While I have the money, power, skill, or whatever else it might take, I cannot sit by and watch while Daphne's beloved sister is sold off to pay old debts."
Cyrus and Cordelia sat upright so quickly they could have been subjected to a substantial electrical shock.
Harry looked at Daphne, whose eyes had filled up and overflowed, a single tear now running down both cheeks.
"That's not true!"
Cyrus shouted.
"Laurent Selwyn will be a perfect match for Astoria.
She's dragging her feet a little, it's true, a schoolgirl crush, nothing she can't get over.
In the end, she'll do her duty to her family and we'll welcome Laurent as if he were our own, the same as Astoria and Daphne.
I can't think of anything that would change my mind on that."
Harry and Daphne shared a moment.
"Tell him," Harry said.
"He needs to know.
Your mother does, too.
They need to know what they are pushing Astoria into.
"Merit and Inheritance Chapter Thirteen Two Witches' Tales Everyone's eyes were on Daphne as she began her story.
Harry's tea had cooled, but it was delicious all the same, so he leaned back to enjoy it.
"Laurent sent me an owl last week," Daphne began.
"His note said as long as we were going to become in-laws, he would like to get to know the other members of Astoria's family, which he was so much looking forward to joining.
Laurent suggested conversation over lunch, split the tab.
Strictly getting-to-know-you."
"Right, that sounds legitimate.
We met in London.
I suggested the Leaky Cauldron, because it's convenient, but Laurent objected.
Too common.
Too crowded on weekdays at lunch time.
He suggested a surprise, which he said I'd like.
He took me to Penzance.
There is a magical pub, a side room attached to one of the old historical places, just for wizards and witches.
It was a bit further than I wanted to be from London, just for lunch, but it is one of my favorite places in the whole world so we went in and sat down.
Over lunch, separate tabs, Laurent Selwyn advised me he would not be interested in Astoria for very long, that I am much more to his taste, and he suggested what he called an 'arrangement' with me.
He'd be married to Astoria, but he and I would meet regularly for sex.
That way we both get what we really want.
No strings, of course.
He seemed genuinely puzzled that I was not enthusiastic."
"No, Daphne, no," said Cyrus.
"There has to be some mistake!
You could not have been having lunch with the Laurent Selwyn we're talking about.
What did he look like?"
"Teeth like a toothpaste advertisement, gelled-up brown hair, blue blazer and a tieless white shirt.
Looked as if it was tailored.
It fit like a uniform," said Harry.
He couldn't resist adding: "In a magical pub."
"Harry and I had been there just the night before," Daphne went on.
"We had pasties.
Harry woke up craving the fish and chips, so he treated himself to lunch in Penzance.
How could you resist taking Laurent out back for a good session of fisticuffs, Harry?"
"It was hard," Harry admitted.
Cordelia, who had been keeping her thoughts to herself, chose then to speak up.
"I knew Laurent Selwyn had a reputation but that takes the cake," she said.
"He's out.
I don't want to see him within one hundred feet of either of my girls again.
Ever."
"Cordelia, please listen…" Cyrus managed.
"He's out, Cyrus, done," said Cordelia.
Her voice steady and even, Cordelia Greengrass had abandoned her tippler guise and was dictating, not negotiating.
"We will work our way through this pinch.
Tighten our belts.
Daphne will come up with the most generous allowance she thinks is reasonable and we will not spend one knut more.
There will be no need to get involved with dowries now, so we'll schedule a luncheon with Lucius and Narcissa and initiate a conversation.
We'll terminate our talks with the Selwyns tomorrow and I'll owl Narcissa.
Understood?"
Cyrus couldn't speak, but he did nod, finally.
"You'd better start composing your message to the Selwyns, Cyrus," Cordelia said.
"See if you can put this to rest without getting yourself into a duel."
"Would you check on Astoria, Daphne?"
Cordelia asked.
"She was napping.
She needs to get up or she won't sleep tonight at all.
Then she's a crank all day tomorrow.
She might need to be at her best, depending on how things progress."
"And I will ask your kind permission, Lord Greengrass, Lady Greengrass," Harry said as he stood.
He nodded to Daphne, who reached for his hand and held it tight for a moment before turning toward the door.
"I'll see you out, Harry," said Cordelia, rising.
They left Cyrus alone in the study.
Cordelia closed the door and drew her wand, which she gave a little wiggle between Harry and herself.
"Nobody's business but ours, Harry," she said.
"Thank you for doing this.
I knew things weren't going well for Cyrus, of course.
All the scrambling, paying at the last possible moment, the obvious lies about the accounts.
Do you think that you and Daphne can get to the bottom of it all?"
"Oh, if Mr. Greengrass cooperates, sure," said Harry.
"It's no more complicated than addition and subtraction.
Is there enough income to spread around and beat back the tide?
There ought to be, with a holiday on the mortgage repayment.
I'll do the best I can.
If we can just stabilize things it should all work out."
"Thank Merlin," said Cordelia.
"You're really extending yourself, for a school friend.
Is there anything I need to know?
Just so I don't trip over my tongue in conversation?"
Harry thought Cordelia's way of keeping a delicate question neutral in tone hilarious.
It was prying, but ordinary concerned mother prying, and Cordelia managed to pry without sounding like it.
"We're of one mind on something, Mrs. Greengrass, Daphne and myself—business first, personal later," Harry said, adding, "She's smart, level-headed, accomplished.
She's beautiful, I'd say.
You never know."
Harry and Cordelia were back on the front steps.
"Just get past that chunk of rock that pops up there, Harry, and you're outside the wards," said Cordelia.
"I assume you're going by apparition."
"Yes, and thank-you for the hospitality.
We'll do it again soon, no finances, just fun," Harry said.
"Merlin willing," said Cordelia, adding, "You have my thanks, Harry."
Harry was walking out to the rock that marked the extent of the wards when he remembered Pansy's expedition to Hogsmeade, and Harry's intention to check up on her.
The time for checking was well past.
"Damn," Harry said aloud, slapping his own forehead.
He reached the end of his walk, visualized the square in front of the Three Broomsticks, and disapparated.
"Harry Potter!"
exclaimed Rosmerta when he walked into the pub.
"Come for Pansy?"
"How'd you guess?"
Harry asked.
"Is she alright?"
"Fine, as far as I know," said Rosmerta.
"We had tea, she told me about Romilda and her in-laws, then she went out and did the circuit here in Hogsmeade.
One more cup of tea and she left for London.
She said you might be coming by.
How about a butterbeer?
Firewhisky?"
"Butterbeer sounds good," said Harry.
"Do you have a minute?"
Rosmerta looked around.
She had a fairly good crowd.
"It'll have to be a minute, I'm afraid," she said.
"On the topic of Romilda, her in-laws are definitely here looking for her," said Harry.
"They aren't fooling around.
If anyone comes in and leans on you, don't hesitate to get help.
Whatever the disagreement is about, it appears to have become an honor thing."
"Who are they, anyway?"
asked Rosmerta.
"Pansy said the name is Berg?"
"They're from some high valley around the Swiss-Italian border, and they're Romansh speakers, and they seem to think Romilda owes it to them to come back.
Romilda, obviously, doesn't see it that way," Harry said.
"That's all I know."
"Got it," said Rosmerta.
"How'd Romilda get involved with something so, what's the word I want—esoteric?"
"Sold, plain and simple, is my understanding," said Harry.
"Although I haven't spoken to her directly."
He finished his butterbeer, thanked Rosmerta, promised not to wait so long next time and took the floo back to the Leaky Cauldron.
From there he walked across Diagon Alley to the mews, and the offices of Potter and Associates.
"Harry?"
"Pansy?
Are you hanging around?"
Harry asked.
Pansy walked out into the foyer, a pile of note parchment in her hand.
She looked down and began reading off the principals' names.
"Neville Longbottom," she read, peeling off a parchment and handing it to Harry.
She went on through the notes, odd bits of business that he needed to know about.
Pansy got to the last note.
"Romilda Vane," she said, holding up the parchment.
"Requests an appointment."
"Merlin," said Harry.
"What.
A.
Day."
"Well, you like helping people, so perhaps she came to the right place," Pansy said.
"Can you see her?"
"She's here?"
Harry asked.
"Uh-huh.
We've just been sitting around talking.
She's in my office."
Harry shrugged.
"Why not?"
he said.
"Romilda, did you want to see Harry?"
Pansy called out.
Romilda Berg, nee Vane, stepped out of Pansy's office into the foyer.
"Hullo, Harry," she said.
She'd crossed the foyer but stopped several feet short of arm's length.
"Romilda," said Harry.
"It has been quite a while."
Harry waved Romilda and Pansy both into his own office, followed them in and closed his door.
He touched the lock/handle assembly with his wand tip, then set some confidentiality charms.
Harry didn't sit down but stepped into his bathroom and looked around, even opening the closet door for a quick peek.
Only then did he return to his desk and pull out his swivel chair.
"Please," Harry said, gesturing toward the chairs with his hands.
"Kreacher," Harry called.
"Kreacher is here, master," said the elf as soon as he appeared.
Harry solicited drink orders.
He asked for some snacks for everyone in consideration of the time.
When Kreacher had departed Harry let go.
"Romilda, I don't know what in Merlin's name you're doing here, or think you're doing here, but one of the Bergs was here looking for you.
He had us under surveillance, at least for a couple of days.
I'd like to help you with whatever it is that has you upset.
If Dieter Berg is indicative of what you were having to put up with, I wouldn't want anything to do with that family either.
Still, he found the office.
Someone could be watching right now.
I don't even know the best way to get you out of here."
"Oh, I know some occlusion charms," said Romilda.
"All of which have corresponding counter-spells, as you know," said Harry.
"What do you want us to do?
Do you want to disappear for a little while?
Let something blow over?"
"Yes, as a matter of fact I do, but it won't make sense without the story up to this point," said Romilda.
"Anyplace you just have to be?"
Harry wanted to be anywhere but right there in his office.
His townhouse, #12 Grimmauld Place, reeked of magic, layers and layers of serious spells, offensive and defensive, laid on by the Black family over generations of occupancy.
It should be impervious to any sort of assault by the Bergs or their allies.
On the other hand, Harry thought, what if the Bergs were resourceful enough to make an official report and get the local authorities involved?
It didn't take a lot of imagination to predict the outcome of a report of a kidnapping or hostage-taking.
Let the aurors do the hard work, provide the diversion, then the Bergs snatch their prey and disappear into their valley, which was, surely at the very least, unplottable.
He considered Potter Manor, but Dieter Berg had been there earlier, and he could have had a co-conspirator watching from a distance.
The hypothetical co-conspirator could still be there, concealed in a hedgerow.
Morag's neighborhood was a possibility.
They couldn't impose on the MacDougals but Morag might be able to suggest somewhere quiet.
Harry and Pansy had been there recently, and Morag had owled her note.
Harry didn't want to be responsible for bringing more trouble to Morag's cottage with everything else she was going through.
Harry came to a decision.
"Cloaks, hoods up.
Balaclavas if you've got them," he said.
Minutes later, after they'd climbed the internal stairs, the three exited from a small penthouse and stood on the roof of the building.
Harry put himself in the middle, they all interlaced their arms and Harry disapparated, taking the witches with him.
"Very, very good, Harry Potter," said Pansy after she'd had a moment to look around.
They were in a cave in a sea-facing cliff.
The breakers were below them but spray was reaching the cave entrance.
"Come on in, there is plenty of room.
Get out of that spray or you'll be soaked," said Harry.
"Where are we?"
Pansy asked.
"On the coast," said Harry.
Pansy doubled up her fist and shook it, as if delivering a genuine threat.
"I was here before," Harry explained.
"Dumbledore and one of his field trips."
Harry's eyes were drawn back to the rock wall, the wall that opened when it was given fresh blood.
He wondered if the lake was still inside, full of the dead.
Harry had thought about the infieri from time to time.
He wondered if it were possible to do anything for them?
Were their souls in torment because their dead bodies had been reanimated?
He wondered specifically about Regulus Black.
Could he even be identified?
If Harry got him out of the cave, would Regulus lay down, die, and be grateful to go to his rest?
"Well, the weather is not favorable and it won't be getting better, I presume, so we will be better off if we get to business.
Romilda, bring us up to date, please," said Harry.
Romilda took a deep breath.
"I survived the battle and went home.
I turned sixteen a few weeks later.
My father decided it was time to unlock the capital I represented and took a hefty cash payment for me from a family on the Continent.
I was married to an elderly wizard with grown children and grandchildren older than me.
He was smitten with his teenage bride and wanted us to be in bed by seven-thirty.
Then there would be some fumbling around.
I was not much help.
Too young, too inexperienced.
I cried for weeks, whenever I could get off by myself.
Then I decided to take charge of whatever little piece of my life and freedom was left to me.
"The Bergs speak Romansh among themselves, so I studied Romansh.
I threw myself into it and worked harder than I'd ever worked at Hogwarts.
I was desperate to learn.
They'd go off into Romansh, obviously talking about me.
I made more progress than they thought I had.
I'd speak broken Romansh and they'd laugh, but my comprehension was getting better by the day.
"I decided to try to get better at old people sex.
It's okay, you can laugh, I came up with the label on my own.
I'll even confess I was really pissed at you, Harry, for not taking advantage of me when you had the chance.
At least I would have had some idea of what was realistic.
Well, take heart—we'll all be getting old, if we don't die first, but I can assure you, with some patience and a willingness to experiment and learn, the physical side of married life is possible for centenarians.
It's true.
"I actually began to like my husband, a little.
When he pawed and drooled on me and said sweet nothings in Romansh I could give him a little positive feedback.
The first time I complimented him, in Romansh, on his potency, he was so happy.
The following night I got into bed and slid my hand under my pillow.
I came out with a diamond necklace.
I don't know a lot about jewelry but I could see it was real, and it was old.
An expert advised me recently the stones are real diamonds and the setting is platinum.
My husband told me it was for making him feel like we had turned the clock back fifty years.
"I knew I had a problem, or would, soon.
The children and their husbands and wives all watched me like a hawk.
If the old man was giving his young toy the family jewels they'd naturally step in, just to protect their own interests.
I hid the necklace under the floorboards of a wardrobe in our suite.
"The oldest son started to get aggressive.
At first it was looks, angry, disgusted.
Just being negative.
He'd curse in Romansh but I was still trying to get better so it wasn't as much fun when I got to where I could understand.
My husband started to go downhill during the second year I lived with them.
His son, my step-son, got worse.
I suggested we all cooperate and make the old man's last days as happy as we could, under the circumstances.
When the time came I'd walk away and get out of their lives.
I thought they'd be reasonable.
"My step-son became more angry and demanding.
He trapped me in a bedroom that was kind of off by itself and insisted I have sex with him.
I reminded him I was his father's wife, and that really enraged him.
That was the first time he raped me.
It was rough, but he didn't beat me or slap me around that time.
I suspect he feared the old wizard, who still had some magic in him, bless him.
My husband's mental condition slipped, bit by bit.
Derek, the son, had trouble getting aroused.
I tried different approaches.
I had no idea what I was doing, just experimenting.
Let's see, what's a delicate way to put this?
When on one's knees there are some spots one can reach for some massage.
He liked it, a lot.
It worked better than slapping me, so I negotiated—plenty of what he liked in exchange for a slap-free session.
It might have—I expect it saved my life.
"Eventually the old baron gave out.
He was well over one hundred.
Hearts and livers and kidneys all have their useful lifespans.
He wasn't cold before Derek was after me.
I don't know why but that is so sad for me to think about.
Sold off or not, I tried to give my husband a mate, to the extent he still had use for one.
He had so little life left to live.
Derek's wife was evil.
She threatened me with all kinds of things.
Death was the least of it.
"She watched us one time.
Didn't want to take part, just stood there radiating hate.
I didn't initiate anything because I had to follow Derek's orders and move how he told me, when he told me, or risk getting one hell of a slap.
When he was done she'd verbally abuse me, call me a whore, swear she'd never seen a woman as ugly as me.
She accused me of using a whore's tricks for doing the things she had just heard Derek order me to do.
Cursed me for imagining I, a whore, could take her husband from her.
While he was getting dressed I had to lay there just the way I was when he finished so the wife could berate and spit on the whore.
Things were deteriorating, fast.
I could see, clear as day, how it was going to end.
"I thought I might have one chance to survive, if I got it right.
I got all the gifts my husband had given me together and waited.
It wasn't long and Derek came in my bedroom, late.
He started bragging about how he'd just had sex with his wife and now I was going to perform as usual, while both of us enjoyed the scent of his wife's musk.
He made it easy.
He'd had a few drinks, so I assured him we could take all the time we needed.
That's what I did.
Took my time.
Did all his favorite things.
Made it last.
His heart quit before I did.
"I left him on my bed, got my prezzies from the wardrobe, put them in a small rucksack, climbed a tower and apparated to a spot just inside the wards.
The wards faced out, so nothing tried to keep me inside.
I walked out, which did set off alarm spells.
Even so, it took them lots longer to figure out I was missing than it did for me to disapparate several times, here and there in Europe.
Then I came home.
The next day I ran into Pansy in Fortescue's."
Harry sat still, just processing Romilda's story.
Pansy looked like she wanted to throw up.
Harry expected her to take a couple of steps to the mouth of the cave and let it go.
Pansy stayed, listening.
"Where does Dieter Berg fit in?"
Harry asked.
"Another step-son," Romilda said.
"A year or two younger than Derek.
I guess he's the baron now.
What was he doing here?"
"Looking for you," said Harry.
"You're to be brought back to your family.
He was convinced I knew your whereabouts and was obligated to tell him.
We had to leave that as unresolved.
Neither one of us changed his position."
"Dieter was not one of the smarter ones, that was Derek," said Romilda.
"Derek was a slave, though, to his appetites.
He was getting worse the whole time I was there.
That's not advisable when you're an alcoholic, a glutton and seventy years old."
"We need to wrack our brains," Harry said, looking at Pansy.
Pansy was embarking on a bit of crying but she quite ably nodded her head.
"What can you tolerate, Romilda?"
Harry asked.
"A little freehold on the summit of the tor so you can see who's approaching from any direction?
You're seriously traumatized, believe me, I know what I'm talking about.
Can you handle solitude?
Do you have to hear peoples' voices?
Can you sleep?
I know that sounds ridiculous."
"It's not," said Romilda.
"It's just our bad luck we're familiar with those subjects at our age.
That's all it is, bad luck.
We do what we have to do.
We cope."
"You're a long way ahead of where I would be," Harry said.
"I'd like someplace quiet.
Non-magical wouldn't be a problem.
I can be discreet, keep the magic under cover.
I'm going to be resting and paying attention to my diet.
It seems logical to me that my interests would best be served by anonymity," Romilda said.
"I do need access to a healer."
Some kind of witch perception lit up in Pansy.
She raised her head and studied Romilda.
"How?"
asked Pansy.
"The regular way," answered Romilda.
"Who?"
"I suspect Derek, although, it is, just possibly, the old baron," said Romilda.
"Once, twice, maybe, in the zone."
"Merlin," said Pansy.
"What?"
asked Harry.
Pansy looked at Romilda.
Conversation lapsed for a moment while Romilda waited for Pansy to deliver her insight and Pansy kept silent, ceding to Romilda the right to decide.
"I'm pregnant,' said Romilda.
"The Bergs don't have a healer.
I'm two months overdue.
I got back to civilization and did one of the home tests.
That's one of the things I bought on the outing when Pansy and I met.
I'd rather have a professional confirm it but the preponderance of evidence…" "That will make things a little more complicated, eventually," said Harry.
He stared out the mouth of the cave at the breakers hitting rocks.
He stepped close enough to the edge to catch a little salty spray on his tongu.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Fourteen Some Comings and Goings Harry thought through their situation.
If Romilda was going to need support from a healer, she would be in contact with the Ministry of Magic health service bureaucracy, which meant appearing in health records, which could in turn bring her location to light.
He judged the system in use in Magical Britain would probably not be useful to the Bergs who were unfamiliar with local conditions.
Even so, Romilda would be wise to blend with the local scene.
The cube Harry was carrying in the pocket of his robe was evidence of that.
Staying in London might not be best, because the anonymity of crowds was counterbalanced by Dieter Berg's relative ease making the connection between Romilda and Harry, not to mention the cryptic reference to Berg 'family correspondents.'
Thus they'd need to reduce the likelihood of proximity to family correspondents.
Harry made a mental note to settle up with the correspondents, should any of them come to light.
Harry went back to Romilda's mention of blending in with muggles.
Where to go to do that?
He had a thought.
"Romilda, have you ever been to Blackpool?"
Harry asked.
"Just once, why?"
asked Romilda.
"Muggles and crowds of transients," said Harry.
"Excellent for blending-in.
Holiday hotels and guest houses.
There's a caravan park where you can rent, all set up, cooking and sanitary there in the unit.
The only thing is you'd need to use muggle life skills.
Could you do that for a week?
It would give us a chance to see if there are more of your in-laws around.
We could probably find someone to stay nearby and keep an eye on you."
He looked at Pansy, who rolled her eyes.
"I could do that," said Romilda.
"Can I go back to my room for my things?"
"The muggle hotel near the Oxford High Street?"
Harry asked.
"Yes," said Romilda.
"I had expected to stay through checkout tomorrow."
"It all fits in your rucksack?
Or it would with a shrinking charm?"
"Of course," said Romilda.
"Right, let's think through that," Harry said.
"Is there is a lobby bar with a view of the lifts?
A muggle business traveler, some kind of mid-Atlantic cypher, could sit there and watch comings and goings.
If a traveling couple came in and used the lifts, went up, came down five minutes later, the cypher could watch their backs to the entrance.
Meet at an agreed place and disapparate."
"Who's who?"
asked Pansy.
"I'm the cypher," said Harry.
"I think you're the missus, and Romilda will be Mr.
Traveler."
No one had an issue so they set to work with wands, modifying clothing, hair styles and coloring.
Harry took off his robe to change it into a suit jacket.
He considered leaving Dieter Berg there to guard the entrance to the lake chamber before deciding to take him along.
Harry didn't know the end state of his family's transformation of Dieter into a knickknack.
If Dieter suddenly transformed back to full size, or the petrification hex faded, everyone's interests might be better served if Harry were close by.
Soon they were ready for their return to London, to a discreet apparition point tucked away behind a little grove in Hyde Park.
It was a short walk up a fairly direct path from the apparition point to the edge of the park.
The hotel was a bit further on, but not much.
"Harry," said Pansy.
They stood across from the hotel waiting for a WALK signal.
"Uh-huh?"
"When we leave, out the door, turn right to the corner, and there is an alleyway to the right, where the hotel's wall ends," Pansy said.
"See it?"
"Meet there?"
asked Harry.
"Yes, I think so," said Pansy.
All three nodded.
"If we get in a fight or broken up somehow, try to get to Hogsmeade, to the Three Broomsticks.
Get a room upstairs, if Rosmerta has any.
She usually does.
We'll reorganize there," said Harry.
He looked at Pansy, then Romilda.
Both nodded.
Harry went ahead.
He passed through the revolving door to the street, went on into the lobby, looked around like a traveler meeting his local contact.
He checked his watch.
The contact must be running late.
The traveler walked to the lobby bar, chose a seat where he could keep an eye on comings and goings.
He spotted a left-behind newspaper and took a section to read while he waited.
Harry had ordered, and was waiting for the server to return with a large muggle soft drink, with a lemon wedge, when the out-of-town couple entered the lobby.
Harry went over his work with a craftsman's eye.
He didn't know what anyone else thought, but they looked to him like a couple of visitors coming back from museum stops and restaurant meals.
He thought the gentleman half of the couple looked convincing, considering the raw material was a very female witch in her mid-twenties.
They went to the elevator bank and pushed the button in the brass surround.
Harry sipped his drink and watched the door open for the couple.
The door was closing when a dark-haired woman, very thin, of medium height, stepped in front and put her arm out.
"Where did she come from?"
Harry asked himself.
The door stopped and went back into the open position.
The woman stepped into the car, taking a place in the far right corner.
The door took its time closing.
"Damn!"
Harry thought.
He'd had to make a decision on an issue with potentially far-reaching consequences with no time to think.
He decided, even if the woman looked Italian, and was a suspect member of the Berg clan, she'd gotten in the elevator with two fully-qualified, ornery witches.
He didn't worry about his friends.
He hoped Ms. Berg, if that was who she was, had the sense of self-preservation necessary to refrain from getting aggressive in such close quarters.
Harry touched the side pocket of his suit jacket and felt the cube.
It was too late to do anything about it.
With luck the stranger was just another random traveler headed back to her room.
Harry looked at his watch.
Romilda assured him she wouldn't need more than three or four minutes in the room.
A minute up and a minute down, more or less, and he should see the witches coming out of the elevator.
Harry used his time to consider possibilities.
He could competently cast silently and wandlessly, although he was more adept at some spells than others.
He was very good with a silent, wandless 'Accio!'
Just to be prepared, Harry drew his wand from his sleeve and held it, concealed in his folded-over newspaper.
He looked around, visualizing his imaginary contact coming in through the revolving door, exiting the men's room over there by the literature rack, perhaps sitting at the car rental desk.
The guy still hadn't shown up.
Harry spotted two men who looked out of place, though.
Both had short hair, wore undistinguished suits and bad neckties.
Something stuck out.
It wasn't the suits, even though they were in London, the world's lodestone for fine men's tailoring.
One of the misfits shuffled his feet.
Of course!
They wore the same boots Dieter Berg had on.
"Oh," Harry thought.
"It gets more interesting."
Two men in rain coats and felt hats were crossing the lobby.
Lots of men wear raincoats as a contingency in changeable weather.
Those raincoats are fairly short, ending four to six inches below the tail of a suit jacket, letting the commuter dash to the train or slide in and out of an automobile seat.
The men crossing the lobby wore long models, below the knee, close to mid-calf, one a double-breasted camel colored trench coat, the other all leather.
Those men were aurors.
Harry wondered if the aurors planned to roust the Bergs, or Berg allies.
Once he'd figured out the boots, Harry had no doubt that was who they were.
The aurors took their time.
They didn't make sudden movements unnecessarily.
They tried to avoid upsetting magicals because that could cause an accidental magical event of some kind, leading to report writing and magical repair.
A few muggle law enforcement types were briefed on the aurors and could generally spot them, and muggle law enforcement could react unpredictably in the presence of aurors and misbehaving wizards.
When in muggle territory, the auror's job was to shut down magic before it became an issue, quickly, silently, and if possible, invisibly.
Harry leaned back in his chair.
He took another look at his watch.
It had been four minutes and fifteen seconds since the elevator door closed on the witches.
The aurors walked slowly toward the two men on the sofa, who seemed to have alerted to the unwelcome attention.
One leaned toward the other, who frowned and gave his head a single shake.
He raised a newspaper.
The aurors might not have had any interest in the two men, or in anything in particular.
They walked slowly, turning their heads toward one another now and then, talking as they crossed the lobby.
Harry was watching as the elevator door opened.
Pansy and Romilda stepped out and turned straight for the revolving door that led to the street.
The woman who followed them into the car on the way upstairs was nowhere to be seen.
The two men on the couch stood up just as the aurors arrived.
They sidestepped, and the aurors mirrored their movement.
An auror raised one hand a few degrees and spoke once.
The men stopped moving and looked confused.
Harry hypothesized they had both been treated to a confundus, or perhaps an imperious.
Noticing movement from across the lobby, Harry turned his attention back to the elevators.
The woman he had seen before popped out of the car next to Pansy and Romilda's.
She saw them immediately and turned after them.
Harry saw the woman reaching into a canvas tote.
She glanced toward the two men, broke her stride for a beat, then turned back toward the witches.
Harry stood, taking his paper, and headed across the lobby on an angle to the woman's course.
The woman wasn't subtle.
Romilda and Pansy were suddenly doves and the mystery woman was their peregrine.
Harry was ready when the woman's hand cleared her bag, holding her wand.
"Accio!"
Harry thought, visualizing the wand flying into his hand.
Catching the wand without missing a step, Harry moved on the woman just as she turned slightly, apparently looking for her missing wand.
"Darling, there you are," Harry said, smiling as he let her feel the tip of her own wand in her back.
"I found the most incredible place for dinner, you're going to love it!"
Harry dropped his hand but stayed close.
He bumped the woman's left shoulder lightly with his right, just to let her know he was there.
Despite their plan, the witches had stopped a few yards outside the door, just out of the way, in the direction of the corner.
The gentleman traveler, Romilda, shot the witch a look.
"Luciana!"
said the gentleman.
"Just in time.
We're off to dinner at La Cueva.
Of course you'll join us!"
Romilda/Mr.
Traveler slipped her arm under the stranger's and turned at the corner, continuing to the alley they'd seen earlier.
"What is this La Cueva?
Where are you taking me?
I know who you are, you're a whore, in disguise!"
said the woman.
"Welcome to Britain, Madam," said Harry.
"We hope you enjoy your stay with us!"
"Can you two navigate back to La Cueva?"
Harry asked.
"Oh, certainly," said Pansy.
"I remember it well."
"Wonderful!"
said Harry.
"Madam and I will see you there."
Harry and Madam popped into existence on the tiny strip of sand at the mouth of the cave.
"Inside, quick," Harry said, encouraging the woman with a grip on her upper arm.
They had no sooner stepped off the sand when the woman began to rant.
"Where have you taken me, you kidnapper?
There are two good men watching my back, they are probably killing the whore and her whore-dog-robber right now and they'll be here to kill you any second," said the woman, declining to engage in a civil debate.
Pansy and Romilda popped into existence on the tiny sand strip and hurried inside.
"Madam," Romilda said in greeting, still in her Tourist Man guise.
Harry was pleased to see she was not using names just yet.
Once the subject knows a name it's hard to take it back.
If you have to make sure the name never leaks, there is only one way to do that.
"May I?"
Harry asked.
Romilda and Pansy nodded.
"Madam, your name, please?"
No response.
"Please state your name."
The woman was silent.
"Well, then, we'll give you a name," said Harry.
"How about Romilda?"
"You will never call me Romilda nor will I answer if you do!
That is a whore's name.
A murdering whore's name!
She killed my husband, the murdering whore!"
She sat silent again.
Romilda looked ready to speak, but Harry held up his hand, cutting her off.
"You give me no choice.
Throughout your interrogation we will have to address you as Romilda.
Romilda Berg, I think," said Harry.
"Never!"
screamed the woman.
"My name is Marcella, Marcella Berg, and that murdering whore killed my husband."
She spat a good load on the floor of the cave.
"Then who was Romilda Berg?"
Harry asked.
The woman swelled up and howled.
"She was a murdering whore who my father-in-law fancied.
She plied him with her whore sex.
She convinced him he was young again, he could perform as a man.
He fell for her like a schoolboy.
He sat under our grape vines and told my husband what she would do in their bed at night.
Nasty things.
Indecent.
He was an old man, too old to be thinking about young women.
She promised him a baby, a man can father a child at any age, she said.
He was taking her to bed at seven-thirty, eight o'clock.
He had been unable to complete the act for decades and she worked and worked and found ways to get him to the finish.
He'd tell my poor husband about it the next day, sitting under the grapes and sipping his glass of wine.
It drove my husband crazy."
Marcella stopped to catch her breath.
She was panting like a dog.
It was very humid inside the cave.
Something luminescent, a lichen or similar, glowed its greenish glow from the sweating cave walls.
The temperature had dropped with the onset of darkness but the moisture made the air feel thick.
"My husband, Derek Berg, was a good man.
He was a good husband to me, before the whore drove him crazy.
He would inherit his father's title when my father-in-law finished his course and we planned to live out our lives together, quietly.
When the time came our portraits would be hung over the family's main dining table."
"Where was that, Madam Marcella?"
asked Harry in his most solicitous tones.
"It is a valley, high up in the mountains, near where Switzerland and Italy meet," said Marcella.
"Does it have a name?"
Harry asked.
"It's very old," said Marcella.
"An ancient principality.
We survive by avoiding attention.
The family just call it Our Place."
"Everyone is magical?"
Harry asked.
"Either a witch or a wizard?"
"Of course!"
said Marcella.
"Everyone must contribute in a situation like ours.
If we want to survive and be free, there is no provision for a murdering whore!"
Marcella's emotional entanglements, her hopeless situation in the cave, her identification of the woman who she was convinced was bent on stealing her husband, and who then had killed him, the loss of her backup from the hotel lobby, all combined to put her into hysterics.
She cried, sobbed, threw herself onto the rock floor of the cave.
Harry let her work it out in her own good time.
When Pansy or Romilda moved or seemed to want to speak, Harry held up his hand.
Gradually, the screaming gave way to sobbing, which descended into whimpering.
"Derek, Derek," Marcella moaned, over and over.
"Madam Marcella, why are you here?"
asked Harry.
"If your enemy is out of your life?
No longer in the principality?
An English witch, regardless of how she originally came to your place, not really one of the family, just a young widow adrift…She left and got out of your way of her own volition.
Well, it's unlikely she'd be coming back to bother a powerful, secluded family such as your own.
Your entire principality would be hostile to her, wouldn't it?
She'd have no place there."
"She is an outsider who came to our place, lived among us, and now wants to leave?
Never!"
shouted Marcella.
"She will talk, the neighbors will want the valley, they will bring the mercenaries.
It has happened again and again.
Read your history.
No, there is a law.
For our family to survive, the whore cannot be allowed to live."
Marcella sprang from her crouching position, a dagger in her right hand, and lunged for the still Mr. Traveler, .
.a.
Romilda.
Harry grabbed for her wrist with his left hand, getting instead a handful of dagger blade directly on his palm.
Screams, shouts and tussling ensued.
Pansy worked her way around behind Marcella and punched her once behind her left ear.
It was a good punch, in that it was accurate.
Pansy's first two knuckles contacted Marcella's mastoid and Marcella flopped on the cave floor, then didn't move again.
"Good one," said Harry.
"Didn't even need magic."
Romilda looked like she was about to be sick.
"Let me see your hand, Harry," said Pansy.
"I don't carry any dittany but I can charm the wound and stop the bleeding.
You need to take that hand to St. Mungo's anyway.
The blade could have been dipped in something."
"True," said Harry.
"Give me a minute."
He turned to Romilda.
"There are some discrepancies.
She told it her way, of course.
Anything you want to dispute?"
"No," said Romilda.
She sounded a little defiant.
Some water formed a droplet on the ceiling and fell into a pool.
Plunk!
"I didn't know about my husband's pastime, telling his son about our private life," Romilda went on.
"If Derek carried tales as well, that explains a lot.
Why didn't she bring it to me?
I'd have found a way to get Lorenzo to stop.
The old baron.
Baron Lorenzo.
His hero was Lorenzo di Medici.
He was very proud to share the name."
Despite her overall bad experience at Our Place, Romilda smiled when she spoke of Baron Lorenzo.
"Will she keep coming after you?"
Harry asked.
"Right now, tonight, I think she would say, 'Yes,'" said Romilda.
"She could always get tired or discouraged or homesick tomorrow and go on back."
"Everyone's magical at their place?"
Pansy asked.
"Yes, everyone," said Romilda.
"They must be really inbred," Pansy said, shaking her head.
"Sounds like they're hostile to outsiders.
Why don't they die out?"
"Lorenzo tried to tell me, when he was still lucid, how they kept track of who could marry whom and who couldn't," Romilda said.
"The immediate neighbors won't interact with them at all, so they occasionally buy a spouse, generally a bride, from outside.
The average person lives to one hundred or so, which means they have to keep the birthrate down.
Trade brings attention.
They work through cutouts of various kinds.
That's the primary consideration in everything.
Concealment from the outside world.
Right after that is managing the food supply.
But yes, they are really inbred."
"As we know from our own experience, without new blood, the magical families start producing oddities.
Anomalies.
Squibs, for instance," said Harry.
Romilda looked like she was alarmed about something.
"What?"
Harry asked.
"Can we not go into that?"
Romilda pleaded.
Pansy read Romilda in an instant.
"Oh, no, Romilda, you don't, they can't!
That is evil, the purest kind of evil," she wailed.
"They do," said Romilda, and she began to cry.
"You know, for a fact?"
asked Pansy, her voice barely audible.
Romilda nodded.
Harry still hadn't caught on.
He looked at Pansy, seeking an answer.
"The legend?
The banquet?
It's still going on, and they obsess about privacy and the food supply," Pansy muttered.
Marcella stirred.
The others had been talking and hadn't noticed her blinking, then opening her eyes.
"You can't be allowed to live abroad, you foreign murdering whore," said Marcella.
"You will face your fate sooner or later."
She turned to Harry.
"You seem to be in charge," she said.
"Are you going to kill me?
State your name.
If you have any honor I have a right to know."
"No, I'm not going to kill you," Harry said.
He stepped in front of the rock wall and laid his bleeding hand flat against the stone.
"My name is Harry James Potter, Lord Potter and Lord Black, Heir of Ignotus Peverell, Heir of Salazar Slytherin, Order of Merlin."
The rock parted and the sides pulled apart.
Marcella looked into the darkness.
"Are you taking me in there to kill me?"
she asked.
"I told you I'm not going to kill you," said Harry, then, to Pansy and Romilda: "You two stay out here."
"What is this place?"
demanded Marcella.
"There is so much magic here.
And it is Dark.
Very Dark.
Are you responsible for this magic?
Are you some kind of abomination?"
"I am an Heir," Harry said.
"All of this around you is something I inherited.
The one who made it left it to me."
He took Marcella's wrist and put her arm behind her back.
For seventy, plus or minus, she was nimble, and deceptively strong.
Harry got a grip on her thumb, a kind of submission hold, and directed her inside.
There was the lake, looking just as it had when Harry had been there on the last night of Albus Dumbledore's life.
Harry went to the water's edge and raised his wand.
"LUMOS!"
he called out.
His holly wand lit up the cavern.
Harry could see the sunken boat begin to rise.
A light shone on a column placed on a rock that broke the surface some distance across the water.
Harry put his wand to his throat.
"Regulus Arcturus Black!"
sounded out, bounced off the back of the cave, and returned.
The enchanted boat beached itself on the rock for boarding and Harry put Marcella in, motioning for her to sit.
He stepped in and kicked off with his trailing foot.
The boat directed itself to the rocky isle.
"Regulus Arcturus Black!"
Harry called out again.
The echo dislodged some loose rocks overhead.
They struck the surface of the lake a little distance away, the ripples spreading, just visible in the minimal light.
Marcella sat quietly.
She might have been resigned to her fate, execution or torture or something she couldn't imagine.
Harry doubted it.
The Bergs were survivors.
They hadn't become evil all at once.
They interacted with an environment.
They found a way to stay alive high in the mountains, distrusted and reviled by the people down below, people who had no idea what it took to fight nature and their fellow humans all the time.
The Bergs cultivated isolation, fetishized it, kept their ancient language alive to speak among themselves, all to stay off others' agendas for conquest.
Their survival strategy led them down some curious paths.
They developed unique perspectives and took positions on things the outside world could never accept.
Eventually their adaptations made them unassimilable.
They knew they would never be able to explain their ways, even to other magicals.
Better to stay hidden, to stay at Our Place, strictly observing the iron laws that ensured the survival of the Berg family.
The boat creaked when it touched the rock.
All was as Harry remembered.
The column, the basin, the shell for drinking.
Harry stepped onto the rock and pulled Marcella ashore.
He was alert, vibrating, any slip would mean death, then he'd be no good to anyone.
Harry looked in the basin.
It was full of liquid.
Was it the same potion?
Was Voldemort's magic still working, trying to protect Salazar Slytherin's locket?
Faces, dead faces, were floating up just beneath the surface of the lake.
Harry touched the tip of his little finger to the surface of the liquid in the basin.
He raised his finger to his nose and sniffed.
There was a scent, of something.
The liquid wasn't water.
He touched his fingertip to his tongue.
Dangerous, but he had to be sure.
Harry gagged immediately.
He flashed on his last trip to the cave, saw Dumbledore's face again, the kindly headmaster gone and replaced by the face of a soul in Hell.
What commitment, to drink the potion from the basin to get to the horror at the bottom.
It was never pleasant when Harry awoke in the middle of the night, because in the dreams he was always reliving the terrors of his youth.
The dream of the cave and the rocky isle and Dumbledore's face was the worst.
Harry reached into the pocket of his suit jacket and pulled out the cube that contained the shrunken, petrified Dieter Berg.
Dropping the cube into the potion-filled basin, Harry turned to Marcella.
"Madam Marcella, the figure inside the cube may be of help, if you work together to get back to your mountain.
If you are successful, please go back and never leave.
The world outside is closed to you.
Do you understand?
Never set foot in Britain again.
If you return to Your Place, I won't come hunting for you or your family, as long as you stay there," Harry said.
An infieri stepped onto the rock.
"Were you Regulus Arcturus Black when you lived?"
Harry asked, keeping his wand ready to blast the infieri back into the lake if necessary.
The thing nodded once.
"Would you like to rejoin your brother, Sirius?
I believe I know a way," Harry said.
The infieri nodded again.
"Get in," Harry said, waving toward the enchanted boat.
The two of them were conveyed back to the entrance.
Harry looked back at the little island, keeping his eyes on Marcella as they moved across the surface of the lake.
She began by reaching into the basin, removing her hand to find it empty, reaching in again, with the same result, reaching… "I thought I told you to stay outside," said Harry.
Of course the witches had come inside.
Who knew when they'd be back?
It was unrealistic to expect witches to miss something like the boat, the lake, the infieri.
Mr. Traveler was missing and Romilda stood next to Pansy, so one of the witches had reversed Harry's transfiguration.
"This is the late Regulus Black, who would be Lord Black now if he hadn't been the subject of some very unfortunate magic.
Regulus, these are Pansy and Romilda."
The rock opening had closed but Harry's wounded hand was still weeping so another touch and the rock parted as before.
Harry walked straight to the mouth of the cave and motioned for Regulus.
"Kreacher!"
he called.
A moment passed.
Harry stared at the breakers hitting the rocks, wondering why watching waves never got old.
Kreacher popped into existence.
"Let's sit," said Harry.
He sat on a flat spot on a boulder at the mouth of the cave, waving Kreacher toward a similar outcrop across the opening from Harry.
"The thing you see is an infieri, do you know what those are?"
Harry asked.
"Yes, master, you told Kreacher once that Master Regulus became an infieri," Kreacher said.
"Yes indeed, very good, Kreacher," said Harry.
"This is the cave where you last saw Master Regulus.
This infieri says that he was your master when he lived.
Can you look him over carefully?
Can you tell, by sight or with elf magic, if that is true?"
"Kreacher will look," croaked the old elf.
Harry watched as Kreacher inspected the infieri, looking for some clue that would tell him definitively, one way or the other, if this was Regulus, the Black Heir he was meant to serve.
Slowly, slowly, the infieri raised his hand.
His dead eyes stared at Kreacher.
They were dead, but just the same, it was apparent the eyes were seeing.
Hand held out, the infieri looked down, then back at Kreacher.
"Master Regulus' ring!"
Kreacher shouted.
"He wears Master Regulus' signet ring."
Harry looked and saw that the infieri's hand did have a ring, a junior version of Lord Black's signet, which Harry was wearing on his left hand.
Harry swept his hand through the air to get rid of some of the blood, then held his hand out so Regulus could see the Black crest on his ring.
"Right," said Harry.
"Here is what I want you to do.
Please take Master Regulus home to #12.
Make him comfortable somewhere.
The basement, I think, he'll feel secure there.
I will be getting in touch with someone about doing things properly for Master Regulus."
Harry had no idea if it was possible to do things properly for a reanimated corpse, but he had one idea that he was sure would work, as long as small minds and bureaucracy didn't get in his way.
"Understand?"
Harry asked.
Kreacher nodded, took Regulus' infieri in hand and disapparate.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Fifteen A Series of Improvisations Harry still had two witches on his hands, one of whom had incurred the wrath of an entire principality, the other an innocent, at fault only for being a loyal retainer of Harry James Potter.
Well, loyalty, to work at all, must work both ways.
Harry needed a solution to the immediate security problem.
He still thought the holiday caravan village in Blackpool was perfect camouflage.
A week in Blackpool might be just the thing for calming down after all the London excitement.
Furthermore, with Pansy and Romilda stashed in Blackpool, Harry and Daphne would be able to unpack all of Cyrus' financial entanglements without the distraction of Bergs looking over their shoulders.
At least that was Harry's hope.
It was late, too late to pop into a holiday park and ask about accommodations, in Harry's view.
He did know of a small magical guesthouse, though, where he could deposit the witches until morning, when they could go on to the park and see about rentals.
The owner of the guesthouse was Rosmerta's sister, and she wasn't a prude.
Still, when Harry materialized on her sidewalk and came in with his bloody hand, trailing two witches, the lady had to ask: "Mr. Potter, this isn't a party, is it?"
"Not at all," Harry assured her.
"Some overnight accommodations, please.
Two connecting rooms, if you have them.
I realize it's the busy season.
I'm prepared to pay the holiday rate."
"Oh, I have the rooms," said the landlady.
"I don't pry into guests' business, either, within reason.
It's just the noise.
From so many, you see."
All three started to laugh.
The landlady handed over the keys and waved at the stairs.
The witches went up, while Harry stayed on the ground floor.
"Breakfast?"
Harry asked.
The witches stopped climbing.
"Seven, in the dining room," said the landlady, pointing at a large room with lots of windows, just through a double doorway from where they stood.
"I'll try to make it," Harry said.
"Best not go out until I can join you."
"Mr.
Potter…what?"
tried the landlady.
"Nothing," said Harry.
He leaned in for a bit of extra confidentiality.
"An ex-husband, legal papers, I'm just getting a friend a little breathing room.
To prepare, you see."
"Oh, those can get difficult," the landlady said with a nod.
"Good luck.
Was he a real piece of work?"
"Just for starters," Harry assured her.
"I'll have to rely on your discretion, naturally, but, it gets worse."
"Oh, stick it to him, then," said the landlady.
"Make him squirm."
"Well said, Madam," Harry nodded, "Well said.
Am I hearing the voice of experience?"
Madam Rosmerta's sister just rolled her eyes, so Harry walked outside and disapparated from the top step.
"Thank-you, Kreacher," Harry said as Kreacher held open the door at #12 Grimmauld Place.
"Now I think I need some dittany for this hand."
Harry went straight to the kitchen and held his hand under the tap over the sink.
The bleeding started up again, but Harry let it go on for a bit.
He wanted to make sure any trace of material from that cursed cave was gone from his person, inside or out.
Harry knew he should take his hand to emergency at St. Mungo's but it was late, he was exhausted, and he really didn't want to deal with it right then.
When Harry thought he'd given everything a sufficient rinsing-out, he turned off the tap and shook the water and blood off his hand, wanded a clean cloth off a nearby shelf and laid his hand out on top of the cloth.
"Oh-oh," Harry thought.
The edges of the slash across his palm were glowing.
It was very subtle, but the edges of the cut had the same, pale greenish-blue glow he had seen in the cave.
"Kreacher, you can put the dittany away," said Harry.
"I'm going out again."
He wrapped the towel around his palm and held on.
The palm started to throb.
Harry walked to the front step, visualized the emergency entrance to St. Mungo's, and disapparated.
When he got to St. Mungo's, Harry bumped into the magical medical bureaucracy.
"Just a form or two so we can get you properly evaluated, Mr. Potter," said the smiling wizard as he handed Harry a clipboard.
Harry looked at the nametag pinned to the loose cotton pullover.
"Walter," it said.
"Magical Medical Records" Harry had lived a life, through no volition of his own, that filled volumes of magical medical records.
He wondered if Walter knew where they were.
He must have a file somewhere, he thought.
Interesting reading, without a doubt.
Harry nearly reached up and touched the place where his lightning bolt scar had been.
"Next of kin" Harry sat, looking at the line.
His hand hurt and he wanted the form-filling to be over.
He didn't have any kin, strictly speaking, next-of or otherwise, so he saved time and improvised.
"Healer Daphne Greengrass," he wrote, for the first time.
Walter collected the clipboard, quill and completed forms and disappeared through a door, leaving Harry sitting on the waiting room sofa.
He didn't have to wait very long.
"Mr.
Potter?"
asked a familiar voice.
Harry looked up to see Daphne standing by another door, dressed in a St. Mungo's uniform, waving him over with a clipboard.
Was it Harry's imagination or did Daphne give him a look as he passed by on his way to the treatment room?
"Harry Potter," Daphne said as she waved Harry toward a padded table.
"Hop up?
Good."
She sat down on a stool and began reading.
"Hand?"
she said.
Harry held out his hand.
The towel wasn't excessively bloody.
"Looks worse than it is," Harry observed.
"Uh-huh, that's typical," said Daphne.
She drew her wand, pointed it at the towel and levitated it across the treatment room and into a bin.
Her wand picked up a green cloth on the way back, which Daphne dropped next to Harry's thigh.
"You can put it down there.
Just let it rest on the drape," Daphne said.
Staying away from the multiple slices on Harry's palm, Daphne moved the hand from side to side, using lumos to put more light on the cuts.
"Can you turn it over?"
Harry lay his palm down on the green drape.
"Abrasions to dorsal aspect," said Daphne, making a note on the parchment.
"Put it back, palm up, please."
"What did you get into?"
"A fight?"
Harry answered.
"Do you want help or not?"
asked Daphne.
She didn't sound angry but she wasn't messing around, either.
"I grabbed for a wrist but got the knife.
A dagger, actually.
Two edges.
The green stuff was in the cave.
On the rocks.
I didn't see it until just a little while ago, when I was washing my hand off at home.
Can I put dittany on it and go get some sleep?"
"The green stuff is a luminescent algae that is going to eat your left hand," Daphne said.
"Chomp.
Chomp.
Although, there is a potion that ought to stop, then reverse the damage, if you aren't busy doing something else.
How important is your hand to you, in comparison to sleep?
You choose."
"I could sit up a little longer, I suppose," Harry said.
"Oh," said Daphne.
"I'd have bet you were going to choose sleep."
Daphne left the treatment room without another word and before long two men entered.
They wore the same uniforms as Daphne.
Harry couldn't tell if they were healers or some other kind of professional.
"We'll need to get that jacket from you, Mr. Potter," said one.
He gave it a good looking over, especially the left sleeve.
"Not bad," he said, taking out his wand and casting some kind of spell.
"Mr. Potter, was this transformed from another garment?"
"Yes, it started out as a cloak, then it needed to become…" Harry didn't think a long explanation was needed.
"So it was a cloak," he said, finishing up.
The man with the jacket gave his wand another little flick and said 'finite.'
Harry's cloak was back.
The man hung it on a coat tree.
Meanwhile, his colleague brought down a deep, white enamel vessel that Harry couldn't name.
It was filled halfway to the top with water, then the water was heated with a charm and a cup of liquid added to the water.
Green vapor poured over the edge of the pot and sank to the floor, eventually covering the entire treatment room, three or four inches deep.
The vapor roiled when the men moved about, sending up tendrils that dissipated and sank back into the mass.
"Try not to breathe it in," advised one of the men.
"And just put the hand in, Mr. Potter," said the other man.
"That's it, all the way down to the bottom.
There can be contamination anyplace from your hand on up so we might just as well take care of it all at the same time.
Comfortable?"
"Yes, thank-you," said Harry.
"You're going to be here with us for some time so if you have to change position, just call us.
I'm Frank and this is Bill."
Harry was considering asking for Frank or Bill to bring him something to read when the treatment room door swung open and Daphne came in.
She looked at Harry's hand in the solution.
Frank and Bill stood still, alert for further orders.
Some signal passed between the three that Harry didn't catch, and Bill went out, followed by Frank.
Frank pulled the door completely closed, leaving Daphne and Harry alone.
"I saw what you wrote on your admission form," Daphne said, all of the officialdom gone from her voice.
"The prior sickness and injuries record?
I always like the 'Other' box.
It's such fun to write 'Bitten by Basilisk' because I get to visualize you healers' reaction."
"No, not the prior sickness and injuries, Harry Potter," Daphne said.
"Your next of kin."
"Is that okay with you?
I don't have any next of kin, so I had to improvise.
You truly were the first person who came to mind," said Harry.
"It's fine," Daphne said.
"Beyond fine.
Use it whenever you need to.
I'm not too busy to take on next of kin duties for you."
Daphne had watched to make sure Frank closed the door all the way when he and Bill left, so she felt it was time to demonstrate just how fine it was with her that Harry Potter wrote her name in as his next of kin.
Looking straight into Harry's eyes, Daphne stood and stretched both arms out, over his shoulders, and kissed him on his lips.
Then she drew her arms in, holding the back of Harry's neck in the crook of her right arm while she lay her left hand on the back of his head.
She got his face in the position she wanted, in relation to hers, and used her tongue on his lips, darting in, asking wordlessly for him to open up to her, which Harry did, after which they spent a minute or two letting their tongues get to know one another.
"So, how's the hand feel?"
Daphne asked, giggling a little, as she stood in front of Harry, her arms still resting on his shoulders.
"Hand?"
asked Harry.
He turned his head and looked at the potion in the big soaking vessel.
"Oh, you mean this hand?
Feels great!"
"Good," Daphne said.
"You're going to be keeping it there for a full hour.
The potion isn't effective after that."
"You broke our rule," Harry said.
"What rule?"
asked Daphne.
"Business first, personal later," said Harry.
"Harry Potter, you're my patient.
How is your morale?"
asked Daphne.
"Incredible.
Over the moon," Harry replied.
"Excellent," said Daphne.
"Patient morale is essential for rapid healing.
Now, what in Merlin's name were you doing?"
"Ahhh…" Harry began.
He knew he had to lay it all out for Daphne.
He'd try for a short version.
Ten minutes passed.
Harry edited out leaving Marcella on the island in the cave with Dieter Berg and taking the late Regulus Black home to spend the night.
That kept the story under fifteen minutes, which was an accomplishment.
"And this is all since you left Greengrass Manor?"
asked Daphne, sounding a little incredulous.
"Yeah," said Harry.
"I am going to have to get some sleep.
I'm trying for breakfast at the guest house in Blackpool tomorrow morning because the plan is to move.
Security, you know."
"Well I guess so," exclaimed Daphne.
"When you've got an international hit squad on your trail…" "I was wondering about something else, though," said Harry.
"What was that?"
"What are you doing here?
I thought you had private patients and an office somewhere," Harry asked.
"I have the other practice, but there is a shortage of healers so I take about 20 hours a week in Emergency," said Daphne.
"It's more of a give-back, although the money is worth just as much when I go to spend it.
Why?"
"How will you find the time to take over the Greengrass family business affairs?"
Harry asked.
"Oh, I've got that all worked out," smiled Daphne.
"Cyrus sat down and opened up the books.
They're a mess, just as we anticipated.
Still, I have his ledgers, bank statements for last year and this, and his payment due file.
As soon as my expert can make himself available, two to three hours ought to give us a complete picture of the Greengrass finances."
"Brilliant," said Harry.
"Do I have to sleep here tonight?"
"No, when the hour is up, we'll rinse the hand thoroughly, apply dittany along with a wound-closing charm and you're good to go.
Dittany three times daily and after each handwashing for the next two days, don't get in any more knife fights until the hand is fully healed, come back in at the first sign of incomplete cleansing and subsequent problems from the algae.
Luckily for you, it announces its presence with an unworldly glow.
Can you stay out of trouble long enough to accomplish all of that?"
"Thank-you, Daphne," Harry said.
He looked at his left hand immersed in the potion, working it a little.
"I owe you."
"I owe you, Harry," said Daphne.
"Except we don't really owe the other one anything.
That's the real meaning of how being next-of-kin works, isn't it?"
She gave him a wink before slipping out the door.
Harry's next few hours were as frantic as the previous day had been, but much less dangerous.
Returning to #12 Grimmauld Place after his release, Harry checked on the condition of his infieri.
Kreacher had made sure Regulus was comfortable in the basement.
The actual dungeon still awaited a good cleaning, so Regulus occupied a cot in a room with shelves lining the walls.
It was clear the room was used for storage at some point.
Witches didn't typically spend a lot of time on home canning so Harry tried to avoid thinking about what Walburga stored on those shelves.
Harry slept from around one until close to seven .
.
He took a very quick shower and put on a muggle-style business suit of a good worsted wool.
The fabric was tough and would stand up to abuse, should any come its way.
Harry had also added some charms of a defensive nature that gave him a little additional protection from ambushes and other annoying local conditions.
His Black family tie was where he'd tossed it on top of his dresser.
It looked pretty good, considering it had been through everything with him since he'd left the office with Daphne the day before.
He gave it a quick once-over cleanup with the wand, brightening it up and treating it to a nice ironing charm.
Harry called out to Kreacher to tell him he was leaving and took the floo to the guesthouse in Blackpool, stepping out into the lounge/front desk area precisely at seven.
He didn't expect to see the landlady, necessarily, but was surprised to find the lounge deserted.
Harry went on into the dining room.
Pansy and Romilda sat at a table with a view of the garden.
They had coffee but nothing to eat.
Harry walked over and said hello.
"May I?"
he asked.
"Of course," the witches said in unison.
"How's the hand?"
asked Pansy.
"Long story," said Harry.
"It feels fine, now, but I had to go to St. Mungo's last night.
That luminescent algae from the cave is dangerous.
At least to wizards.
My healer said it would eat my hand.
Sorry, not before breakfast."
"Oh, that's fine, Harry," said Romilda.
"You listened to everything I could throw at you and didn't flinch.
It's the least I can do to return like for like.
I'm glad you're going to be okay."
Pansy waved to a waiter.
"Hope you're ready to eat, because I am," she said.
When they'd ordered Harry motioned them to lean closer.
"Your landlady is Madam Rosmerta's sister, don't know if I told you," Harry began.
"Our cover story is this is a piece of a messy divorce.
The divorcee is avoiding a difficult husband for a few days."
"Oh, I can just see it," said Pansy.
"Who's getting divorced?"
"I didn't say," Harry said.
"We might want to maintain a bit of ambiguity."
Romilda and Pansy looked at one another, grinned and nodded.
"I'm liking this better all the time," said Pansy.
"Now, relocation," Harry began.
Except for the break in conversation when the waiter brought breakfast, the rest of the chitchat revolved around the positives and negatives of moving from the guesthouse to the caravan park, moving on from Blackpool altogether, and the capabilities of the Bergs.
"I thought about your in-laws last night while I was soaking in that potion," Harry said.
"Dieter told me some 'family correspondents'—his words—advised they'd seen you near our office and that I probably knew your whereabouts.
Any ideas on who those might be?"
"No," said Romilda.
"Pansy was the only person I saw that I knew."
"Then there's Marcella, and her backup, at the hotel," said Harry.
"That took me by surprise, too," said Pansy.
"How did they find you?
Credit card?
Runes?"
Harry looked back and forth between them.
"I don't have a credit card," said Romilda.
"I was sixteen when my father sold me to Lorenzo.
Too young for a credit card.
He wouldn't have done the administration with Gringotts to get me one, anyway."
Romilda was caught up in a moment of recollection of extreme annoyance.
Pansy was doing detective work.
Harry was looking for the hole in their calculations.
"Romilda, I'm not asking just to pry into your private affairs, but what all did you bring with you from…from…" "Our Place?"
Romilda suggested.
"Some pieces my late husband gave me.
The diamond necklace.
My wedding ring.
Two broaches.
Pearls.
Two hair combs."
"That's all?"
Harry asked.
Romilda nodded.
"It's all upstairs," she said.
"Do you want to see it?
We can go up."
"Pansy, hold on to the table," Harry said as he got up.
"Show me."
"All of it, on the bed," Harry said as soon as the door was closed.
"Quick.
This might be important."
Romilda began pulling shrunken packages out of her rucksack, mostly from her shopping trips.
"Your stuff, from the house, don't worry about the other," said Harry.
"Your ring!
With the rest."
Romilda moved a little quicker.
Last on the pile was her wedding ring, a thick gold band she pulled off and looked at a moment before tossing it with the rest.
Harry drew his wand and held it over Romilda's gifts.
He moved left, then right, then turned the wand ninety degrees and went back and forth.
Without a word he began throwing Romilda's treasures back in the rucksack which he slung over one shoulder.
"Get back to Pansy," Harry said.
"You're sure this is everything?
When you're done eating you should both come up here.
Stay together.
Don't leave this building.
Wait for my instructions."
"Wow," said Romilda.
"What did you pick up?"
"We'll talk about that," Harry said, "Just not right now."
Harry raised the window, stepped onto the sill, squeezed himself into the tightest ball he could manage and sprang out of the room.
Romilda heard a little pop and leapt across to the window.
She expected to see Harry flat on the ground, but there was no one there.
Harry materialized on the lawn before Potter Manor.
He was in a real hurry but he managed to give the grass and border plantings a quick looking-over on the way to the front door.
He really had to start paying more attention, he told himself.
If Mort didn't want to do outside maintenance he was certain to know an elf who did.
Maybe one who'd like to join the staff at a manor.
Harry was beginning to think he might have a chance to fill another vacancy on the Potter Manor roster, but he was wary of getting too far out ahead of events.
That way led to over-ambitious assumptions and great disappointment.
Still, a little lawn care wouldn't hurt.
Harry went back through the steps of the day before.
Once inside he kept going, skipping the salon and the portraits of all those powerful Potter, Peverell and Black witches and wizards.
At the rear of the house was a small breakfast room.
It faced east so it got a lot of sunlight.
The portraits in the breakfast room had double layers of sheets, artist's canvas, actually, to keep the sun from shining on the paint.
Harry went in, looked around, and put the ruck down on the table.
The sun was high enough that it no longer shone directly into the room but it was still very bright.
Harry waved his wand at the three windows in turn, darkening them to cut down the amount of light getting in.
Only then did he raise his wand and send the drapes off somewhere.
"Mum?
Dad?"
Harry asked, keeping his voice down.
James Potter blinked and looked around, hand already patting the top of the desk at which he sat, trying to find his glasses.
"Harry!
What brings you here?"
James asked.
"Lily, look who's come for…what time is it?
Breakfast?
Lunch?"
"Harry," Lily said, making it a statement.
"Give me one.
Or two."
Lily left her frame on some kind of just-woke-up errand.
Harry wondered if portraits brushed their teeth first thing in the morning.
"What's up, son?"
asked James.
"You look a bit stressed."
"I am," said Harry.
"A Hogwarts acquaintance has had a run of some pretty bad luck.
Some people from Europe came after her.
We've managed to get her to a safe haven and I think I know how they've been tracking her."
Lily came back into her frame.
"Okay, where are we?"
she asked.
"Harry is helping out a Hogwarts friend who is on the run," said James.
"She's in a safe place, with Pansy, who you remember…" "Oh, darn," said James.
"Shut up, James, please," said Lily, adding, "Darling."
"I figured out how they were tracking her," Harry said.
"Something she was carrying with her is charmed."
Harry turned the rucksack upside down and let the jewelry and other items fall into a pile.
He started spreading everything out on the breakfast table.
"Is that a wedding ring?"
Lily asked.
"That's what you're looking for."
"How do you know?"
asked Harry.
"Glad you asked and not me," muttered James.
Lily gave him a look but didn't say anything.
"Young woman, older man?"
asked Lily.
"I'll say," answered Harry.
"He had grandchildren older than her."
"It isn't so common anymore," said Lily, "But a century ago it was more or less assumed that a wizard, especially a wealthy one, would give his bride an enchanted wedding ring, so he could trace her if need be.
I only learned about it after I got to Hogwarts.
I either read it or one of the witches told me.
Got your wand?
Cast a revelio.
See what happens."
Harry did as Lily suggested.
The gold ring rattled on the table, just enough to make a little sound, then a kind of glow appeared above the ring, condensing into an image of an old man standing straight, dressed in a formal three-piece suit, white shirt and white bow tie.
"There you are," said Lily.
"He's with her, wherever she goes."
Harry looked at the ring, then back and forth between his parent's portraits.
"Well I'll be," Harry said.
"We learn something every day, don't we?
Who thinks up this stuff?"
"So Harry, are we going to get the whole story?"
asked James.
"This looks like a Marauder-worthy operation."
"James!"
exclaimed Lily.
"If there are people following that ring, and Harry needs to get rid of it, we don't want to waste his time with chit-chat."
"Right," said James.
"Lily is the smart one, Harry.
Listen to her."
"Well, I don't know what he should do.
Can you get it out of here?
Far, far away?"
asked Lily.
"That is probably your best option.
Do fox and hounds, going away from their real quarry with each jump."
"That's brilliant," said Harry.
"I know just the place."
Leaving the rest of Romilda's haul on the table, Harry said good-bye to his parents' portraits, then re-installed their drapes.
He let the windows return to normal.
Harry considered putting the wedding band on one of his pinkies but decided to keep it in the rucksack.
It might be necessary to do an emergency separation from the charmed ring and he didn't want to be trying to get the little thing off when time was important.
While taking a final look around, a thought occurred and he cast a sticking charm on the table top.
He was pretty sure he knew the counter-spell.
Dashing to the front door, Harry did a hurry-up job of re-nailing the planks, thinking all the while that his first priority, after he got Cyrus Greengrass stabilized and drove the wolf from his door, would be to spend some time on Potter Manor.
He liked living in London but there were resources in Devon that he'd never have in the city.
Besides, it would be handy for picnics, if he actually found someone who would accompany him to the country, and a manor house, for a picnic.
Perhaps, before they went further, he should establish whether Daphne liked picnics.
Harry's first stop was the coast, Dartmouth, to be exact.
He looked at the Channel and imagined apple orchards, stone homesteads and jewel-box Norman churches.
Harry reappeared on the edge of an orchard, just across the road from a little Norman church.
He resolved to come back to Normandy for some slow, serious tourism, just as soon as time allowed, before apparating on to Gibraltar.
Then he went to Morocco, then on down the coast of west Africa, then inland.
Harry had never been to Gao, although someone had once sent him a post card from there.
He materialized at the airport, which had been the photo on one side of the card.
Harry remembered the message on the back of the post card: "You've heard of Timbuktu?
Well, Gao is beyond Timbuktu!"
The land around Gao, Mali, is flat.
Even so, he could pick out some kind of hill or rock or some sort of feature a few miles outside of town and apparated over to it.
Nothing at all there.
It could have been a mirage, Harry thought.
No matter.
Harry drew his wand and imagined an augur boring down into the desert.
Before long he had a hole, two meters deep below the surface.
In went Romilda's ring.
Harry passed his wand over the rucksack.
He cast revelio.
Nothing showed up.
He thought it over while he refilled the hole with the wedding band at the bottom.
If there was a trace on the ruck, he didn't want to take it right back to England.
Nor did he want to leave it there to mark the spot of the wedding band's resting place.
There probably wasn't, but who really knew what the Bergs had discovered, up there at Our Place over two millennia?
Subtle family magic was a distinct possibility, if not an actual probability.
Harry stepped back from the hole and checked his work.
There was a little difference in the appearance of the hole and the surrounding area.
A few sweeping motions with the wand had it uniform in no time.
Harry stopped next to a desert track on the way back to Gao.
It was one of the routes that went here and there in the Sahara, used by everything from camels to semi-trailers.
No one was around, but someone would be, in a day, or next year.
After giving it one last looking-over, Harry dropped the rucksack.
He hoped someone would find it who could put it to use.
With luck it would be a long-haul trucker.
Someone who'd keep it moving.
Because one never knew.
With no need for further diversions, Harry disapparated and reappeared in Tangier.
He stopped for something cold in a café with a spectacular view of the strait.
He could have easily stayed for a few days.
The first twenty-four hours would have been devoted to sleep and the next forty-eight to sitting on a shady terrace with a view.
Still, he knew events didn't stay benign indefinitely, and he had two vulnerable witches stashed in Blackpool who were counting on him being back that day.
Much as he hated to, Harry found a hidden spot and headed for Englan.
cknowledgment: Haven't taken note recently that all of this is written and published here with no claim of authorship nor expectation of gain in any form.
The main characters and locations are either borrowed or derive from the Harry Potter canon by .
 Rowling.
Author's Note: Thank-you to readers who have taken the time to send or leave notes and messages.
I appreciate your insights.
Merit and Inheritance Chapter Sixteen Dungeons—So Handy!
Harry knew he had to get to Potter Manor in the next day or two and give both of his parents a thorough de-briefing on his recent activities.
James clearly wanted more information than Harry had time for.
He also needed to think of some way to thank his mother properly for the tip on the wedding band.
That was useful and might be useful again.
Then there was Romilda's jewelry.
Eventually, Harry predicted, she would have to start disposing of it.
One can live frugally but there are limits.
Romilda had not completed her education so it would be difficult for her to find a job that paid very much.
On the other hand, she'd been showing a knack for surviving and improvisation.
Harry looked on those traits with great sympathy.
Harry didn't dither getting from Tangier to Blackpool.
He made one intermediate stop in Paris, apparating to a spot behind Notre Dame, then venturing out to stroll through the bookstalls along the Seine.
He stopped at one that belonged to a wizard acquaintance, spoke some French with the man, was teased mercilessly, and looked around for tails for fifteen minutes.
His next stop was Blackpool.
The witches weren't in the public areas so Harry waved to the landlady and went upstairs.
He knocked on the door where he had first looked over Romilda's hoard.
It occurred to him that he did not know if the door to the right or the left was Pansy's.
No matter.
Pansy opened the door, first a crack, then fully, to let Harry in.
"You can put the wand away," Pansy said when she closed the door.
"See anything?"
Harry asked.
"Nothing," Pansy and Romilda said together.
"Good," Harry said, then again, "Good.
Now, Pansy didn't bring anything.
Can we divide up Romilda's things and share the load?
It's time we moved on.
The disgruntled husband may come poking around."
Pansy and Romilda put everything Romilda had brought in three piles on the bed.
Harry and Pansy drew their wands and soon had everything shrunk to a convenient size.
"Take a last look around," Harry said.
"We're checking out.
Pansy, anything in your room?"
"No," said Pansy.
"I could stand a change of clothes, if there's a chance I could go by my flat."
"We'll get that sorted," said Harry.
"Bear with me just a little longer."
Harry led the way downstairs, his wand held loosely under his right sleeve, ready to fight.
They left the keys on the landlady's desk and went to the fireplace.
Harry looked at the opening and wondered but it accommodated three adults, snugly, and seconds later they stepped out of the fireplace into the gloom of the salon at Potter Manor.
"Quiet!"
Harry whispered as they exited.
He was certain he had closed the door to the salon when he left with Daphne on his arm and Dieter in his pocket.
He hadn't come in the salon that morning.
Standing still and listening, the three heard voices coming from down the hall.
"Romansh," Romilda mouthed.
Harry looked and saw Pansy was holding her wand.
Harry shook his head, 'No.'
Harry pointed his wand and untied his shoes, then stepped out of them.
Crossing to the open door, he stood and listened.
Although he didn't understand Romansh he got the conversational tone and the two voices.
Harry stepped out into the hall, walking down the tiled hall to the rear of the house and the breakfast room.
Pansy couldn't stand by while Harry went to face the intruders, so she stepped out of her flats and followed him down the hall.
Just before she got to the breakfast room, Pansy heard him say, "Where is my wand?"
This was followed by two quick calls to "Stupefy."
By the time Pansy reached the breakfast room, Harry had two intruders propped up against the wall, both staring stupidly into space.
Harry collected wands and patted his uninvited guests.
Satisfied they were fully disarmed, he turned his head to the breakfast table.
All the jewelry was there, still under the sticking charm.
The men had been distracted, trying to pick the pieces up, when Harry surprised them.
"Enervate," said Harry, choosing one of the men at random and pointing his wand.
"Explain yourself."
The man looked at his friend, who was propped up against the wall beside him, sporting a stupid expression on his face.
No help there, it seemed.
"We came for her," said the man, a jerk of the head indicating Romilda.
"Do you recognize them?"
asked Harry.
"Yes, everyone knew everyone," Romilda said.
"I'll think of their names if you'll give me a moment.
They weren't of the line the senior people came from.
Their branch does support.
Kitchens, maintenance.
Slaughtering."
Pansy took in her breath suddenly, with an audible little gasp.
"How did you find your way here?"
asked Harry.
"There is a trace.
On something.
It was here," the man answered.
"How did you get in?
Are you in the habit of entering other people's dwellings without asking permission?"
Harry demanded.
The man shrugged.
"It looked abandoned," he said.
"If you were to get Madam Berg under your control, what did you plan to do with her?"
"She has a home.
She belongs there.
Ask her, she knows," said the man, talking to Harry but keeping his eyes fixed on Romilda.
"Didn't her home reject her?"
"That is not for me to say," the man said.
Harry looked at Romilda.
"They take orders," Romilda said.
"They don't make decisions.
I'm surprised they got here on their own."
Harry knew he couldn't let the two go and have any hope they would not be right back on Romilda's trail, not to mention Pansy's and his own.
He'd be justified in killing them, since they had invaded a wizard's home and were caught red handed.
That was probably what the men expected.
No one in Britain would pester him about it, if word leaked.
Outright murder could trigger a feud with the Bergs, though.
Harry had long term plans.
There were things he wanted to accomplish.
He had had enough of lifelong enemies, living every day knowing he might have to kill or be killed.
He preferred to think about his goals and how he would achieve them, rather than how to avoid or better yet, ambush his foe.
"Rest assured, sir, magical Britain does not see Madam's situation as you do, or your family does," Harry said, addressing the man, who was still the only conscious member of the pair.
"I want you to go home.
It may take some time to make the arrangements for that.
There will be difficulties, of course.
We don't even know who to talk to, or how to contact them.
You'll have to be patient.
We will try to make you as comfortable as we can while you are our guest."
He turned to Pansy.
"Can you stand watch for just a couple of minutes?"
he asked.
Pansy nodded, Yes.
"Stupefy!"
said Harry, returning his prisoner to a passive state.
"Be right back," he said, then, "Romilda?
I'll need you down here."
Romilda moved with Harry.
She wondered what 'down here' meant but he'd been leading the way and keeping the Bergs away from her so she assumed he had something in mind to further their joint goals.
Harry opened a door and Romilda saw some steps leading down.
A little twitch of Harry's wand lit up wall sconces.
They got to a landing and Harry led the way to another flight of steps that went down into more gloom.
There was another little wand motion and the sconces again lit for Harry.
"Take a look at this," Harry said.
"Got your wand or did you have to leave it behind?"
Romilda lifted the tail of her blouse and Harry saw there was a sheath for a wand sewn into her skirt.
He didn't see any need to wait.
"Accio wand!"
he thought and caught Romilda's in his left hand.
"Harry!
What?
Merlin, Harry Potter, if you'd asked I'd have given it to you," said Romilda, almost shouting.
"I'm getting creeped out now, Harry, I want Pansy back, now!"
"Be quiet and listen," Harry said.
He didn't shout.
He purposely kept his voice down, almost growling.
"I don't know what is going on, but it won't get sorted with me talking to you or those Bergs with the others present.
I want to believe your story, Romilda, I really do, but we will take this step by step.
Reconcile yourself to a little inconvenience.
I suppose some uncertainty is inevitable, too.
Now I'm going to pat you down.
Just so I don't have to stupefy you."
Satisfied Romilda didn't have more magical artifacts on her, Harry opened a barred door.
He took Romilda's upper arm and invited her to enter, then he closed and locked the ordinary lock before silently passing his wand before the door.
"What have you got here, Potter?"
asked Romilda, a bit of stress apparent in her voice.
"You have a dungeon?
Do you use it for what I suspect you use it for?"
"Not yet," said Harry.
"Can't you afford a proper stasis cell?
This is like something they show the tourists in the Tower," said Romilda.
"Well, the house is really old, you see…" Harry said as he crossed back to the stairs.
Two flights up, Pansy still had the two Bergs under her care.
Harry strode into the breakfast room, straight to the table that held Romilda's haul from her late husband.
Harry unstuck the hoard with a 'finite,' then breathed a sigh of relief.
"I was afraid it was something complicated," he said.
"I was wondering how we'd use the table again if I couldn't remember how to reverse the sticky spell.
Now, I want you to go over each of these.
Use everything you can think of, but I want to be certain none of these are enchanted.
I still don't know if I believe that other piece was all it took to lead them here."
Pansy separated the jewelry, the hair combs and other pieces and went to work.
When she was done she looked at Harry and shook her head.
Harry took over, using all the revealing charms he knew.
When he finished, Harry agreed.
"Nothing," he said.
"Ready for a mid-morning?"
Pansy thought Romilda ought to be back.
"Romilda?"
she asked.
"Downstairs," Harry said.
"Witness protection.
Kreacher!"
Kreacher appeared with a little popping sound.
"Kreacher is here, Master," Kreacher said.
The elf looked around.
"Oh, Master is at Potter Manor!"
Kreacher said.
"Such powerful magic in this house."
Kreacher liked the magic at Potter Manor almost as much as he liked #12 Grimmauld Place.
Kreacher told Harry once that the elves experienced magical households as a tactile phenomenon.
"I believe it is like the human feeling you call tingle," he had said.
"Kreacher, we need some food and beverages.
How about a ham, cheese, tomato and chopped lettuce on a half baguette, for everyone?
That is, five, I guess.
And five butterbeers.
Have you checked on Master Regulus?"
"Yes, Master, Master Regulus is comfortable in his room," said Kreacher.
"Do you get any sense of whether he is conscious, or thinking, or capable of anything?"
Harry asked.
"No, Master," said Kreacher, his voice saturated with regret.
"Master Regulus appears to be very dead to Kreacher."
"Sad," said Harry.
"Well, Kreacher, I promise you I am working on a solution, along with everything else.
I can't say anything just yet."
"Kreacher will return with your sandwiches, Master," said Kreacher.
Harry sensed the subject of Regulus Black was still too painful for Kreacher to dwell upon.
"Right, then, while we wait," Harry said.
He directed Pansy to search one of their guests while he searched the other.
They removed coins, medallions, rings and belts from their prisoners and put everything on the table.
"Watch 'em?"
asked Harry, then left and went down the tiled hallway without waiting for an answer.
Harry went into the salon and got back into his shoes.
He took down a trophy from the mantle, a great silver cup of James' for some quidditch accomplishment and returned to the breakfast room.
"Just so we're clear, what you're about to see is strictly between us, are you all right with that?"
asked Harry.
"Absolutely," said Pansy.
Harry raised both hands above his head and sent the drapes over his parents' portraits away somewhere.
James and Lily blinked in the light.
"Harry!"
they said, more or less together.
"Who's this?"
"Pansy Parkinson, a Hogwarts classmate, remember?
I mentioned her when I was here before," said Harry.
"Pansy, these are my parents.
Lily Evans Potter, may I present Pansy Parkinson?
James Potter, may I present Pansy Parkinson?"
Pansy stood there, jaw dropped, mouth open.
She knew of James and Lily, of course.
Everyone did.
Still, they'd always seemed to be more legendary than real.
Pansy had never, in her wildest imaginings, thought she would be introduced to the portraits of the heroes who had made the hero of heroes, her employer Harry Potter.
"Honored," Pansy managed, throwing in a curtsy for good measure.
"See if everything will go in the cup," Harry directed.
"The ring is in a remote location.
If they find it, fine.
It won't help anyone," said Harry.
"Now, we have two people who were part of the team that chased us out of London.
Pansy and I have taken all of their personal possessions, and their wands, and the odds and ends from Romilda that you already saw, and we're going to put it in this cup and put the cup in the garden.
Just to see if there is anyone else nosing about.
These two came here and broke in while no one was looking.
They said they followed a trace on some object.
Could have been the ring.
Could have been something else."
"Did you look through all the rest?"
Lily asked.
"Yes, without result," said Harry.
Pansy nodded agreement.
"Anything else we should try?"
asked Harry.
"If it's family magic," James began.
"Yes, James, it could take some very esoteric queries to get a useful answer, one way or the other," said Lily.
Harry nodded.
"That's what I was thinking," he said.
"So the cup goes to the garden, with some stickum, and we wait and see what wanders through."
"That could work," said James, looking over at Lily to see if she had an opinion.
"Give it a try," said Lily.
"What are you going to do with your boarders?"
"Stash 'em downstairs until we sort this out," said Harry.
"Guess I need to take care of that now."
Harry turned toward the two Bergs, who were still slumped against the wall.
"You've got that one," he said.
"I'll be back."
Harry showed James that levicorpus, which James misused at Hogwarts, had an actual, useful purpose.
Each of the Bergs got a single accommodation in the Potter Manor Dungeon.
While Harry was finishing up, Kreacher came back with the sandwiches and butterbeer.
"Just in time," Harry said.
"Come on along.
You too, Pansy."
Harry led the way down to the dungeons.
"One sandwich and a butterbeer each, Kreacher," Harry said.
"Pansy, he locked me up!"
wailed Romilda through the barred opening in the heavy wooden cell door.
"True, but he locked you up in his house, didn't he?"
Pansy asked.
"As opposed to an enchanted cave in a seaside cliff.
Have a bite and relax.
This will all get sorted."
Harry smiled his appreciation and led the way back upstairs.
He wondered how long his stupefaction hex would las.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Seventeen His Usual Resourceful Self "Early lunch," Harry declared when he and Pansy reached the breakfast room.
"Want to wash up?"
"Thanks," said Pansy.
She pulled a dagger out of a pocket in her robe, some of Harry's blood still showing on the blade.
"I picked it up when Marcella was out," Pansy explained.
Harry motioned for the dagger.
Pansy handed it over.
"Wand this," Harry said, holding it out on his flat hand.
"Everything you can think of."
Pansy's wand started vibrating as soon as it got close to the dagger.
"Revelio," said Pansy.
"Something."
"Nothing to see, though," said Harry.
"In the cup.
No, wait, Kreacher!"
"Kreacher is here, Master," said the elf.
"Be careful with this dagger, but I need it well-scrubbed, then bring it back," Harry said before observing, "No need to give them a blood sample."
Harry turned back to Pansy.
"You know, I think that belongs to you now, if the same rule applies to daggers as wands."
Pansy looked disinterested.
"What's next?"
she asked.
"Dagger in the cup, then the cup to the garden," said Harry.
"Then we wait."
"For what?"
"For whatever or whomever wanders along," said Harry.
Kreacher returned with the dagger, freshly-washed and shining like new.
Harry held it up and turned it over and over in the sunshine, looking for traces of blood.
Satisfied there was nothing of himself left behind, he dropped the dagger in the cup and headed for the garden.
"Coming?"
Harry asked.
"Of course," Pansy said.
Harry led the way out the back door of the manor.
Looking at the overgrown condition, he thought again about exterior maintenance.
He had to bring Mort and Daisy out, just as soon as all his other distractions calmed down.
"Here is good," Harry said, handing the cup to Pansy.
Harry leveled off some ground with his wand.
Then he thought some crushed stone might look nice, so he conjured some and spread it in a circle.
He was about to have Pansy put the cup down in the center when it occurred to him a column would add panache and really set off the cup.
It was an athletic award, after all, and deserved a little respect.
Harry conjured the base and a short Ionic column, ending about four feet above the crushed stone.
"There you go," he said, and Pansy placed the cup with all of the artifacts on top.
"What are you going to do about Romilda, Harry?"
Pansy asked.
"We can't just keep her in the dungeon."
"That's true," said Harry.
"Let's see."
Harry applied a sticking charm to the base of the trophy, fixing it to the column.
Then he tapped his wand to the two handles on the cup.
"That ought to slow them down, assuming there is anyone left to come looking.
As for Romilda, does anything about Romilda, Marcella and Our Place strike you as out of sorts?
Are there any unexplained threads running through that situation that make you think perhaps we don't have all we need to know?
I'd really like to get at the truth, much as I'd also like to see Romilda safe and free of her pursuers."
"Actually," Pansy began, then stopped.
"Exactly," said Harry.
"Just, what?
That's it, isn't it?"
"I wonder if the Bergs know she's pregnant?"
Pansy asked.
"Would that make Marcella even more determined to kill her?
Jealousy over Derek fathering a child with another woman?"
Harry asked.
"Could be," said Pansy.
"If the title and family leadership is handed down father to son, another son of the old baron could present a succession problem," said Harry.
"Do you remember anything about the line of succession from your reading?"
"No, there isn't that level of detail in the references I checked," said Pansy.
"That isn't to say there aren't some better sources somewhere, waiting to be found."
Harry stared out across the garden to the nearby fields.
What was he missing?
Back in the breakfast room, Harry put two sandwiches and two butterbeers on opposite sides of the table and pulled out a chair for Pansy.
He didn't think he would be getting to the bottom of the mystery of what he was missing by thinking about it until his brain overheated.
"Where did you learn that slick little punch?"
Harry asked.
"You want to know where I learned to fight dirty?"
Pansy asked right back.
Harry stopped chewing and stared at Pansy.
That rabbit punch had kept intruding on his thoughts ever since Pansy's takedown of Marcella.
Harry saw something in Pansy's face—he'd hit a nerve.
"Necessity, the mother of invention," said Pansy.
"A paperweight to the side of one of your brother wizard's head.
It was obviously very effective, so I wanted to know exactly what I'd done, in case I needed it again.
As soon as I'd crawled out from under him and made my way back to civilization, it made sense to read up on details.
Marcella was the first time I used it intentionally.
Merlin help me, may it be the last."
Harry watched as Pansy took another bite of her sandwich and started to chew.
He looked for signs of distress, but Pansy seemed to be fine with her dirty fighting and the defense she had mounted for Romilda and himself.
"Marcella pulling that knife and cutting people up was sufficient justification, in my view," said Pansy.
She took a pull on her butterbeer, looking Harry straight in the eye.
"You don't hear me complaining," said Harry.
"Look, there's something else I need to do."
Harry put his sandwich down and drew his wand.
He took a moment to think, held his wand out in front of himself, and cast his patronus.
"Message for Hermione Granger," Harry said.
"Hermione, I need to talk to you as soon as possible.
Can you get back to me?
I'm at Potter Manor."
The stag paused, as if it was waiting for further instructions, then pivoted and sprinted toward the garden.
"Do you have any ideas about getting your prisoners back to their valley?"
Pansy asked.
"I do," said Harry.
"Could you look at a map and point out a decent place to drop them off?
Someplace they ought to recognize.
Then they can get themselves on back home."
"Sure," said Pansy.
"I'll do better if you give me an hour or two.
Pop back to the Ministry, do a little reading in the library."
"Uh-huh," Harry said.
"Go ahead, as soon as you're finished.
I'll stay here and watch the cup."
Within a few minutes Pansy had left for London and Harry took a position before a window in the breakfast room.
He kept the windows dim so his parents could sleep.
They'd earned it.
What's more, they kept earning it.
Lily's very useful and expert advice saved him hours of work identifying the spell embedded in Romilda Vane Berg's wedding ring.
Harry could have used a nap himself, but he wanted to be alert if anyone apparated in to inspect the cup.
He might have to react quickly, even if the charms worked as intended.
Harry's stag returned shortly after Pansy left, bringing a message from Hermione.
"Use the floo in the outer office, Harry.
I'll be waiting."
"Convenient," thought Harry, crossing the hall from the breakfast room to a butler's pantry that had a small fireplace.
In no time he had connected with Hermione at the Ministry.
"Can you come to Potter Manor?
I'm a little tied up out here and there's something I need to discuss with you, soon," he said.
Harry didn't want to get into more detail in a floo call, and it wasn't long before he heard the whoosh of someone arriving in the main salon.
"Out here," Harry shouted, reluctant to leave his observation post.
"Why all the Mister Mysterio?"
Hermione asked when she arrived.
"Out there," Harry said, pointing at the garden.
"There is a collection of artifacts in that cup.
Some have enchantments, I'm not sure just what, but there could be a trace on one or more.
I just want to watch and see if anyone shows up looking for one of the objects, or the owner."
"Got yourself into something, again?"
Hermione asked.
"Just about done with it," Harry said, before adding, "I think."
"So, what did you want to talk about?"
Harry related a heavily-edited version of his visit to the cave, his invitation to Regulus Black to return to London, and the promise to let Regulus rejoin Sirius.
"Are you sure it is Regulus?"
Hermione asked.
"Kreacher says it is," said Harry.
"The infieri is wearing Regulus' signet, a smaller one of these."
He waved his hand, wiggling his fingers, to indicate Harry's own Black signet.
Hermione asked the logical follow-up.
"How are you going to get Regulus and Sirius back together?"
Harry laid out his idea.
"Harry, I don't know," said Hermione.
"That is completely unknown territory.
What if there were some untoward reaction?
Catastrophic?"
"Anything is possible, but we both saw Sirius' last moments," said Harry.
"Completely peaceful.
Just stepping through."
Hermione sat, pinching her lower lip between her fingers, staring out into space.
"When?"
she asked.
"As soon as possible," said Harry.
"Tonight.
Whenever things quiet down.
Hermione, I'm prepared to do this on my own, but I doubt I could get there without your help.
My access level isn't that high."
"I really don't know, Harry," said Hermione.
"Still, you don't want to set off a ward and get caught with an infieri, on your own in the Department of Mysteries after hours.
You might have to answer a question or two."
Hermione's style of humor, looping around to come to the punchline from the rear, always made her statements far funnier, to Harry, than she meant them.
He was looking at her, laughing, when he heard the pop of someone's apparition, coming from the direction of the garden.
Harry sprang to his feet, drawing his wand as he stood.
"Pansy," he said, opening up the door.
Pansy came in and saw Hermione.
They'd never really warmed to one another, even after the final battle.
The majority of witches and wizards shook the war off, some sooner than others.
They resolved to make their magical community work, which meant everyone had to have a place and be welcome to contribute to the common enterprise.
Pansy and Hermione observed the niceties.
They just couldn't really like one another, and that was the truth.
"Hermione."
"Pansy."
"What a surprise," said Pansy.
"So nice to see you again," returned Hermione.
Both turned to Harry, as if to ask, "Get me out of this."
"Hermione and I were discussing Regulus," Harry began.
"Did you get a destination in Switzerland, or Italy?"
Pansy looked at Hermione.
"It's fine," Harry said.
Pansy didn't look like she was very confident but Harry had given his permission so she went ahead.
"Two good spots, one on the Swiss side, one in Italy.
Ramosch and Venosta.
You really ought to look at a vacation over there, Harry.
High valleys, snowy peaks, cuisine to die for."
"Just what I need," Harry said.
"What's your preference?"
"Not a lot of difference.
They ought to be able to navigate back home from either one," Pansy said.
Harry stared out at the garden.
He caught himself in a reverie.
Was he subconsciously willing a Berg, or a Berg minion, to materialize in the garden so he could capture them for some more interrogation?
"Let's go with the Swiss side," said Harry.
"Two portkeys.
Charge them to me.
No, let's pay with galleons.
Up front.
Have you got enough in your till?"
"There ought to be enough," said Pansy.
"When?"
"An hour after you get them," Harry said.
"You'll have to come straight back."
Pansy looked at Harry, then Hermione, then back to Harry.
She nodded and left for the salon, a stop at Potter and Associates and the magical travel agency in London.
Hermione looked at Harry, who looked back.
"Hermione?"
Harry said.
"What was that all about?"
"I'm not going to say right this minute," said Harry.
"Can I contact you when I'm ready to bring Regulus?"
"Why not?"
asked Hermione.
"If I don't go with you, you're liable to try breaking in and then you'll be obliged to answer those questions I mentioned."
"Great!"
said Harry.
"Hope to see you later this evening!"
When Hermione left Harry continued to watch the cup on the pedestal.
The longer he sat the more strongly he believed he had all the available Berg minions downstairs in his collection.
That would be the first break they'd had since Dieter showed up in Diagon Alle.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Eighteen Swiss Francs A little over an hour later, Harry and Pansy had brought the two Bergs upstairs and out to the garden.
They watched the time closely and kept the two under anti-mobility charms until just before the portkeys went active.
Once the Bergs were safely off to Switzerland Harry brought Pansy with him to retrieve Romilda and escort her to the salon.
Romilda was miffed about her confinement, observing that if she had wanted to be locked up in a dungeon she could probably have achieved that at Our Place without all the extra trouble.
Harry sat, patiently waiting for Romilda to wind down before getting on to the serious business.
Pansy went to the garden to unfix the cup with an 'incantatem finite.'
"Use the coffee table," Harry said.
Pansy turned the cup upside down and the contents poured out.
Harry grabbed the wands and put them inside his jacket.
"The cup was on the mantle," said Harry, pointing.
He turned back to Romilda.
"Have you given us all the pertinent information about the Bergs and your experience at Our Place, Romilda?"
Harry began.
"Yes!"
Romilda exclaimed.
"What do you want, Harry?
You saw how those people are.
I barely got out of there alive."
"I've no reason to doubt that," said Harry.
"I just want to ask you a few things, to fill in some blank spaces I don't really understand.
Much as I want to help anyone in distress, there are people, innocent people, around me who could be hurt if something aimed at me went wild.
Do we know everything we need to know about why they would have wanted you back so badly?"
Pansy sat, staring fixedly at Romilda, idly tapping her wand tip against the fingers of her left hand.
She wasn't quite as convinced as Harry was that Romilda had withheld information, but there were certain facts that she couldn't explain.
"How did you shop, when you first got back to London?"
Harry asked.
"I'd managed to put a little local currency aside, over the years," Romilda said.
"I brought it with me."
Harry thought he had to give Romilda credit.
She looked him straight in the eye when she said it.
"That was generous of your husband," said Harry.
"You wouldn't have had a job that paid a salary, I don't suppose."
"Lorenzo was generous," Romilda replied.
"How much was your allowance?"
asked Harry.
"I don't know," Romilda said.
"Adequate."
"What does the baron's wife use money for, at Our Place?"
"Oh, anything, pin money," said Romilda.
"Tips.
Harry what is this?
Are you an auror?
Do I get a lawyer?
I'm not the criminal here."
"Romilda, I'm not an auror," Harry said.
"You don't need a lawyer, as far as I can tell.
It's just this…What is the Berg currency?"
"They don't have anything," said Romilda.
"They use the local equivalent of galleons, sickels, and knuts."
"What for?"
Harry asked.
"Up in their high valley, avoiding contact with the outside.
I can see if they were conservative about cash.
Very little coming in, they'd be careful about their spending."
Romilda's face changed.
She had been puzzling over where Harry was going, and now she knew.
Harry reached into an inside pocket and pulled out a piece of parchment.
"You made a stop before you went shopping," Harry said.
"I was thinking you had pawned a piece of jewelry, something your baron had given you as a gift, to get a little shopping and walking-around money.
You left this in your rucksack.
I ditched it, in an appropriate location, after being very careful to search for charms or anything physical that could be traced back to me, Pansy, you, anyone or any place you'd stopped to see before you got here."
"I earned that!"
Romilda shouted.
"They'd have killed me!
If not Derek then Marcella.
You saw what she tried to do to me.
She practically cost you a hand, Harry Potter."
"True," said Harry.
"What I don't understand, though, is why you kept this from us?"
Harry handed the parchment to Pansy.
It was a receipt from Gringotts for currency exchange.
"Forty-eight thousand Swiss francs?"
said Pansy.
"It's not that much in galleons," said Romilda.
"A start, that's all.
I'm going to have to find something to do.
Lorenzo never locked anything up.
That was in his desk drawer.
I had a legitimate fear for my life.
I had been there for years, keeping my husband's back warm at night.
No education.
I'm eleven or twelve weeks along.
I'm…" Romilda ran out of words.
She sat, silent, staring at the floor.
"Can I throw myself on your mercy, Harry?"
Romilda sighed.
"Until the baby is born?"
Harry took a moment, collecting his thoughts and leaving Romilda to hers.
He was determined to come up with a humane way forward but was stumped as to what that might be.
"Romilda, is there anything you left out?"
Harry asked.
"I have to know it all.
Pansy won't turn you in.
If we don't know the whole story it could mean disaster later on because we didn't prepare, out of ignorance.
Derek?
Marcella?
The old baron?"
"Derek forced himself on me twice," said Romilda.
"The first time Marcella really did watch and abuse me.
The second time was when I escaped.
I told the truth about that."
"Did you kill your husband?"
Harry asked.
"NO!"
Romilda shouted.
"I really did like Lorenzo, eventually.
He treated me decently, like I was a human being.
The others just saw an outsider.
They're blindly prejudiced and hostile.
The women, especially.
There were two or three of the younger ones who would actually talk to me, as a person.
One of them said I had to understand that, of course, the family just naturally saw me as Lorenzo's property, a slave and a concubine, something like a spoiled dog to amuse and distract the old man as Death approached.
I'm convinced she truly believed she was being kind and gentle in the way she told me the truth."
"The baby?"
"Lorenzo's, I think," said Romilda.
"The last time he and I…If I had a calendar I might be able to reconstruct the timing.
I'm not an expert on that.
My education stopped at fifteen.
It's a wonder I know how babies get started."
"Oh, Romilda," said Pansy, starting to laugh.
"Sorry, but what a predicament!"
"I know, don't feel bad," Romilda said.
"If it were anyone else I'd laugh too.
How does this happen to someone?"
Romilda's eyes filled up and she needed some sniffing and eye-corner-dabbing to get back to normal.
"Do you want the money, Harry?"
Romilda asked.
"You can have it.
I'll figure something out."
"Stop," said Harry.
"I don't need the money nor do I want it.
If the Bergs have enough sense to follow the money it leads to right here, now, anyway, doesn't it?
I want it as far away from here as possible.
How'd the baron put a little cushion like that together, in the first place?"
"They're inbred Romans mixed with whatever native villagers were there two thousand years ago," said Romilda.
"That doesn't make all of them stupid.
They own some land lower down, it's mostly rented pasture and cropland, but they also own some acreage on the mountains around.
In winter those are some of the most famous ski runs in the world.
The rent goes through a couple of corporations.
I don't understand it, but the arrangement keeps the Bergs out of it.
The people in the middle are well-compensated.
When he was lucid, Lorenzo used to tell me, 'Always pay your insurance premiums on time, Romilda, insurance is a bargain, believe me.'
Then he would chuckle.
He meant the middlemen.
They were the key to the whole thing.
He let me see what he had in his bottom drawer.
That might have been intentional.
There's no way of knowing, of course."
"Of course," said Harry.
"Why don't we agree among ourselves that it was, intentional, I mean?
Lorenzo couldn't come right out and give it to you, could he?
It would have been a burden to you, having to think up ways to conceal it from the pack.
So, he just let you see it was there.
If you could get to it and slip away, when his time came, he would make sure his little survivor had enough to get a start somewhere else."
Romilda sat, head lowered, with her hand held over her eyes, like a sun visor.
"Did you tell your husband about your suspicions?
That you might be pregnant?"
Harry asked.
"Harry that is personal!"
Romilda shot back, obviously insulted by the intrusion.
"True," said Harry, "And now you've dropped in on us after a number of years away and needed help and you brought your in-laws down upon us and all we want to do is find a way to get you out of the immediate danger and formulate a longer-term plan so you can get the privacy and the support you need to get through your pregnancy and give your child the best chance possible, so you are going to answer all of my questions, do you understand?
Because half-truths just won't do, not in these circumstances.
So, once again, did you discuss your condition with Lorenzo?"
"No, by the time I noticed I was overdue enough to think about it, he wasn't really there anymore," said Romilda.
"Did you discuss your condition with anyone who might have a suspicion there is another member of the ruling family on the way?"
Harry asked.
"No," said Romilda.
Harry bore on.
"Who did your laundry?"
"Elves," said Romilda.
"A lot like our house elves."
"Would the laundry elf have reported to anyone?
Marcella, for example?"
Romilda puffed her cheeks and blew her breath out between pursed lips.
She shrugged her shoulders.
"I don't know," she said, a bit of genuine wonder in her voice, "It never occurred…" "If the Bergs knew, would they try to get their kinsman back?
Or kinswoman?"
"They might," said Romilda, then again, "They just might.
Do you know if Dieter is alive?
If Dieter is dead, a boy would be senior, even if Derek is the father.
The next baron."
Harry felt a chill.
He didn't know Romilda well enough to get the truth out of her tale, the gaps she'd sewn in, and the actual evasions.
As far as he could establish, Romilda hadn't told an actual lie, she just told everything so it came out a certain way.
Harry looked at Pansy, who sat still, studying Romilda.
Pansy could become a sphinx.
She'd just done, as a matter of fac.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Nineteen Resolutions, Half and Final "Well, that's enough, I guess," said Harry.
"Time is gold, as the goblins say.
Where do you want to go, Romilda?
What do you want to do?"
"Someplace quiet," said Romilda.
"Out of the mainstream.
Where it is unlikely the Bergs would look, or stumble across me by accident.
I don't know enough to know what is best.
I was so young when I was married off and went to Our Place."
"That's understandable," said Harry.
"Now, listen carefully and tell me, do you have anything else that might be traceable?
How about yourself?
Did Lorenzo put a trace on you?
Did he hand you off to a witch, perhaps, who could have hexed you or carried out some procedure you didn't understand at the time?"
"No, I don't know of anything I've got or anything they might have done to me that would put a trace on me," said Romilda.
"Fine," Harry said.
"Just so you know, Romilda, we didn't have space on our To Do lists for this.
We made space.
Now we're going to take you at your word.
Your part will be to go to ground and stay there.
Get your things together."
Harry went to the fireplace and tossed in some floo powder.
"Leaky Cauldron," he said.
"Hannah?
Neville?"
"It's Neville, Harry," said a voice.
"Neville, do you have a room for the night?"
Harry asked.
"Sure, how many?"
"Just a single," said Harry.
"Come on through," said Neville.
Harry looked at Pansy.
"Please go with Romilda, who will go up to her room and stay there until one of us comes to get her, right?"
The question was for Romilda, not Pansy.
Romilda nodded.
"Hannah can charge me," Harry said.
"We'll minimize your time out of the room.
Have your meals sent up.
Conjure her a hat, Pansy.
Something floppy."
Harry left the witches to get to it and went back to the breakfast room.
James and Lily had gone back to sleep, so he left them alone and tried to use gentle motions to bring their drapes back and put them over the portraits' frames.
The witches were gone when Harry got back to the salon.
He looked around for anything that needed to be put right, then headed out through the front door where he refastened the planks.
Stopping at his usual apparition spot, Harry cast his patronus and gave it a message to take to Daphne.
"Harry here.
I may be able meet you and look at your project materials later this evening, if you're free.
Sometime after eight?
If you can't I understand."
Harry got back to #12 Grimmauld Place and headed straight upstairs for a shower.
He kept his head in the stream of water, trying to turn off thinking.
Harry still had a feeling he was missing important information, but he was no closer to pinning down what exactly that was.
Out of the shower and kitted out in fresh clothes, Harry was still in his bedroom when his patronus returned.
"Can I come by the townhouse about 9?"
said Daphne's voice.
Harry couldn't answer right away.
The reality of seeing Daphne just because he said they would get together and discuss Greengrass business matters broke through.
He'd have been better off tackling that project the next day.
On the other hand, he was the one who'd proposed getting together to Daphne, and now she sounded eager, so Harry Potter was well and truly stuck with the result of his muddled thinking.
"Of course," Harry said, adding, "I'll be here."
Now he was in a vise.
Harry hurried downstairs to the fireplace in the salon.
"Hermione, are you ready for us?"
he said to the flames.
"Ready is an elastic term, Harry," Hermione replied.
"You're welcome to come through."
"Just a couple of minutes," said Harry.
"Kreacher!"
Kreacher had Regulus upstairs and in the salon in considerably less than two minutes.
"Kreacher, we will be taking the floo to the Ministry," said Harry.
"Are you ready?"
"Surely Master will be going, with Master Regulus?"
Kreacher asked.
"No, we are all in this together.
We all had a part," said Harry.
"Kreacher?"
Hermione asked when Harry and party walked out of the floo at the Ministry.
"Madam Hermione," said Kreacher, bowing his nose-to-the-floor bow.
"And the late Regulus Arcturus Black," said Harry, nodding at their infieri companion.
"Very pleased…" Hermione began before she realized the error.
"He can't…" she began.
"We aren't sure just what," said Harry.
"Of course, Regulus is dead, just reanimated.
He did nod when I asked him.
So, shall we be off?"
The few people still moving about in the Ministry recognized Hermione as an Unspeakable, assumed the infieri to be a familiar and something they wished they could un-see and most ducked down corridors or into restrooms at the first opportunity.
Harry had been worried Regulus would attract undue attention.
In the end, the infieri caused no problem at all.
Hermione had them downstairs, standing before the Veil in minutes.
"Kreacher?"
said Harry.
"Anything to say?"
"Kreacher would like to say that Master Regulus was a fine, fine master, and Kreacher feels terrible about Master Regulus' tragic end and wishes him a peaceful slumber."
"That's a very creditable thought, Kreacher," nodded Harry.
"Commendable.
Very commendable."
"Regulus, when you encounter Sirius, give him my best regards, and tell him I miss him as much today as the day he died.
He was a great wizard," Harry finished.
Regulus stood still, looking back and forth between Harry, Kreacher and the Veil.
Then, with a final bow, Regulus turned and passed through the arch.
Harry thought the volume of the voices coming from the other side went up as Regulus left them.
Something made a metallic sound just when Regulus crossed.
Harry looked down and saw a ring.
He bent over.
"Harry!"
said Hermione.
Harry stopped and stood upright.
"It's alright," he said, bending down again.
Then, to himself alone: "Of course.
You can't take it with you."
Harry picked up Regulus' Black signet.
He stood, turning it over and over, looking at it from every angle.
He couldn't sense any magic, Dark or otherwise.
It seemed to be a ring, plain and simple.
"Kreacher," said Harry.
"I will advise you strongly not to put this on your finger, because we can't be sure there is nothing about it that could cause harm, but I think you are the most appropriate custodian for this, perhaps with your other personal items."
Kreacher nodded.
He hadn't spoken since his statement, his valedictory for Regulus.
Harry looked at Hermione, whose eyes were leaking a steady stream.
"Thank-you, Hermione," said Harry.
"The Black family is in your debt."
Hermione escorted Harry and Kreacher back to the atrium, and the hearths that connected to the floo network.
She stood there and watched them disappear in the green flames.
She might not have been able to say exactly why but she felt better knowing they were gone.
Kreacher was very quiet at #12 Grimmauld Place.
He disappeared for a few minutes, then sought out Harry and announced his return.
"Get the signet put away safely?"
Harry asked.
"Yes, Master Harry, Kreacher is very grateful for such a keepsake," said the elf as he gave one of his deep bows.
"You know, Kreacher, I would like it if you would check in the storage areas and see if there are any portraits of Master Sirius and Master Regulus put away somewhere.
It might be nice to see them as we go about our business here at #12," Harry said.
Kreacher brightened up immediately.
"Oh, and could I have a cup of tea?
The green, I think," said Harry.
"I'm going to read a bit and Miss Daphne may be coming by."
Harry went to the second drawing room, to his favorite chair, and picked up one of Bathilda Bagshot's magical histories.
He managed to consume about half of his cup of green tea before he nodded off to sleep.
Harry woke up in a confused state, not aware he had drifted off.
Someone was standing next to him, putting a hand on his shoulder.
"Shh, shh," said a very solicitous, female voice.
"It's me, Harry, it's me."
"Daphne," said Harry.
"Oh, sorry, I just…waiting…went to sleep."
He reached up and laid his own hand on top of the one on his shoulder.
Daphne gave Harry a huge smile.
"It's fine, Kreacher took good care of me.
You've got a real family retainer there, Harry Potter."
"I know," Harry said.
"Thank-you for noticing.
It's kind of ironic, considering our rocky start."
"Maybe he's an example for all of us.
Ready to look at some Greengrass financials?"
Harry suggested they lay everything out on the dining table to make a literal and figurative overview easier.
Daphne had shrunk everything to pocket size for running around.
She put the miniatures out and set about restoring it all.
"Can you collect everything that is going out?"
Harry asked as they got started.
Daphne began a pile of invoices and checks for recurring payments.
"You can keep the payments to the goblins for the note on the manor separate," Harry said.
"I'll just waive those for now, until you get Cyrus in a bit more solvent state."
They worked for an hour before Harry noticed they were both flagging.
"Long day?"
he asked.
"Yes," said Daphne.
"Tomorrow will be better.
I have office hours, and that's it."
"Why don't you go home, then?"
asked Harry.
"This will all be here, just like it is.
Kreacher will leave it alone, and I'm not throwing any dinners."
"Oh," said Daphne.
"That's helpful.
I guess I'll just be…" They stood there, looking at one another, hesitant to embrace because it would make it so hard to keep to their plan.
Someone had to move, though, or they'd be frozen in place all night.
Harry opened up his arms, and Daphne stepped into them.
"Nice," Harry said, holding on, his lips an inch from Daphne's ear.
"Mm-hmm," said Daphne, letting her palm rub Harry's back.
"I don't have to go."
"Of course," said Harry.
"If I hadn't broken everything, years ago, we might have been…" He thought about the end of his sentence.
"…going upstairs to our room right now," was the rest of it, the part he didn't say.
"We can't get distracted," said Harry, changing course a bit.
"I meant what I told Cyrus.
You're doing this because it's the right thing to do.
We both know it's better to keep the business separated.
Who knows, one of these days we may actually have joint business, what's that called?"
"Community property?"
asked Daphne.
"It's nice to think about," Harry said.
"We just don't need to get ahead of ourselves right now."
"Of course you're right," said Daphne, "But still.
Fine, then, just one?"
"Shouldn't hurt," Harry said.
Daphne put both of her hands on Harry's face and kissed him, taking her time and doing a thorough job.
"Perfect," said Harry at the end.
"Thank-you," said Daphne.
"G'Night."
"G'Night."
Harry climbed the stairs, thinking about his list of things he had to do the next day.
He and Pansy had to find a solution to the Romilda housing problem.
They might be done with the Bergs, but then again, they might not.
Harry felt some responsibility for Romilda, just because he had taken all of her decision-making capacity away.
If that was because of fast-changing events and the need to react to a situation requiring immediate action, he had still assumed a protective function.
Events had simply spun out of anyone's ability to predict or control.
Harry still thought he was working with incomplete information.
He conceded, in his internal dialog, that Romilda couldn't be expected to be naturally forthcoming.
From the age of sixteen she had been betrayed by the people who should have been her protectors and thrown into an environment that demanded constant suspicion of others' motives, duplicity and concealment of her thoughts and actions.
When she escaped her untenable situation her tormentors initiated an assassination plot.
Harry knew about being young and under too much stress.
The remarkable part might be that Romilda had not yet gone berserk and attacked Pansy or himself with an axe.
When Harry got up the next morning, he had his agenda filled in up to the point where Daphne finished her office hours and came to #12 Grimmauld Place to continue with their project to put some discipline into the Greengrass family's financial affairs.
He began with an early breakfast at home.
The dining table was fully engaged with the Greengrass matter, so he went to the kitchen, where he found Kreacher pouring Harry's first cup of a very aromatic coffee.
"Smells delicious, Kreacher," said Harry as he sat down at the long wooden table.
Two small portraits stood on easels at either end.
"Master Sirius and Master Regulus?"
Harry asked.
"Yes, Master, Madame Walburga commissioned them, I believe Master Sirius was fourteen and Master Regulus thirteen at the time."
"Good-looking young wizards," said Harry, eliciting very wide smiles from the two.
"And you're enchanted?"
asked Harry.
"Well, that's a bonus."
"Thank-you," said the wizards in unison.
"Harry, Regulus…" Sirius began before choking up.
"Portraits are paint and canvas," teased Harry.
"You aren't going to try to cry, are you Sirius?"
This got laughs from both of the wizards.
"It was the least I could do, considering all that the Blacks have done for me," said Harry.
"Even if it was accidental.
Now, I was thinking of putting you guys over the dining table.
Opposite sides of course, so you can easily keep an eye on one another."
"Oh, I thought we'd go back to our old rooms," said Sirius.
"Familiar haunts.
We'd be the familiars.
And haunt!"
"That isn't even a good pun, Sirius," said Regulus.
"Are there any?"
asked Sirius.
"Good ones?"
The portraits traded jibes while Harry worked his way through fried eggs, toast and a glass of orange juice.
"We'll have to work on it later," Harry said as he stood.
"Get some rest, you're not teenagers anymore.
Kreacher, I've some things to do.
Healer Daphne will be coming by to work with all that paper laid out on the dining table.
If I'm not here you can take care of her until I get back, can't you?"
Of course Kreacher could.
That was a dumb questio.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty Romilda, Briefly Examined Harry's first stop was the Leaky Cauldron.
Despite Harry's admonition that they stay out of sight, Pansy and Romilda spotted him the instant he stepped out of the fireplace in the main room, waving him over to a small booth.
"Very low-profile," Harry noted as he walked up.
"Practically incognito," said Pansy.
"Do you really believe that?"
Harry asked.
"No, but I do like to say the word," answered Pansy.
"In-cog-NEE-to."
"Yes, just like Sofia Loren behind her sunglasses," Harry allowed.
"Moving along then, you're finishing breakfast, I see."
Pansy and Romilda nodded.
"So we're ready to go?"
asked Harry.
He plowed on without waiting for an answer.
"Ever been to Glasgow?"
Pansy started to answer before she noticed Harry was looking at Romilda.
"Never," Romilda said.
"Good," said Harry, "Because there is a magical village a short distance from Glasgow proper.
I was there once shortly after the Battle.
I expect we can get you a room where you can be genuinely incognito.
Parkinson-level security.
You really should stay inside most of the time, but a daily stroll for fresh air and exercise ought to be very low-risk.
We'll use the next few days to come up with a solid alternative while you wait…for…the blessed event."
Pansy and Romilda couldn't help laughing at Harry's turns of phrase and fumbling-about.
"What a change," said Pansy, giving Harry a good looking-over.
"Good night's sleep?
Greengrass not keeping you up past bedtime?"
Harry toyed with the idea of formulating an explosive reply, but it was Pansy, and they'd long gone past him being annoyed with her highly-effective relationship radar.
"No," he said, thinking about the farewell at #12 just hours past.
"No, definitely not that.
Besides, Daphne is a much, oh, cooler personality, isn't she?
She wouldn't fire up anything she couldn't tamp down."
Pansy held her tongue, somehow.
She gave Harry a look that said she was onto him, though.
He might fool everyone else, even himself, but he wouldn't fool Pansy Parkinson.
The village outside Glasgow was mostly wizards and witches, but not entirely.
There were squibs who were integrated into the community.
There was very little prejudice against people who couldn't use magic, so squibs tended to stay with their families until they had acquired the skills for self-sufficiency in the mundane world.
There were even a few non-magical spouses in town, mysteriously tolerant of wands, spells and disapparations without forewarning.
In other words, there was just enough oddity in the magical community for Romilda to check in, keep to herself, and not draw a lot of attention.
"One stop on the way, if you don't mind?"
said Harry.
"Don't have a lot of choice, do I?"
asked Romilda.
"Thank-you for asking, though."
Harry took the witches to the alley and disapparated, rematerializing on the track that ran past Morag MacDougal's cottage.
"Harry, what?"
said Pansy.
"Oh, I had an idea last night," said Harry.
The way he said it made it sound as if he thought that a full explanation.
"Hullo, Morag!"
Harry called out from a spot just across the stile.
Morag stepped out onto the stone slab just outside the door.
"Now what, Harry Potter?"
she asked, not stepping off the stone.
Morag wore a long skirt, an undershirt with long sleeves, and a wool overshirt, the cuffs rolled up to the middle of her forearms.
"It sounded like Madam would like to see us again," said Harry.
"According to your note, which we really appreciated, of course."
Morag smiled, despite making a visible effort not to.
"Come on in, then, I'll put off hexing you until next time," she said.
Morag waited for the little party to cross the stile.
Harry hoped that meant she was in a welcoming mood, because he was going to press a boundary or two in the next few minutes.
"I'll need a little time with Morag, alone," Harrry muttered to Pansy.
"Maybe, without being too obvious, you could visit with Madam?"
Pansy had to limit her response to a nod as they were nearly to the front door, and Morag.
Introductions were an update for Morag on who Romilda was, and how she'd just returned from a stay in Europe.
"Well, I'd better get some water boiling," said Morag, stepping aside to let the group into the kitchen.
"Mother, someone's here to see you," Morag called out, adding, "You have visitors!"
She started putting out a teapot, a box of tea bags, and some very fragile-looking tea cups and saucers.
"Go on in, Pansy, she's been asking when you'd be back," Morag said.
Pansy took Romilda and crossed to the bedroom door.
"Madam Livia, it's Pansy!
Remember?
Of course you do!
I've come to visit and I've brought my friends," said Pansy.
The rest was muffled.
Harry assumed she crossed the bedroom and was out of easy hearing range.
Harry took a couple of minutes with Morag, laying out a skeletal description of Romilda's situation.
"Humanitarian concerns aside, Harry Potter, this is highly irregular," Morag protested.
"We need a proper setup, an examination room, an initial mother-baby check, follow-ups!
There are facilities for that.
She needs to get into the system.
Even if she's been gone for a few years her childhood providers have records.
There is a reason for all that, you know?"
"Yes, I do know," said Harry.
"It's just that we have a situation.
There were some people after her.
There may still be.
She hasn't seen a professional yet.
Then there is a possibility of a trace."
"So why bring her to me?"
asked Morag in an intense whisper that really wanted to be a shout.
"I don't have a choice, Morag," said Harry.
"Just be a healer, and a witch, for thirty minutes, and tell us if she's pregnant, if she's in need of anything special for the next couple of months, and if there is any magic attached to her that we have to deal with."
After a pause for staring into one another's eyes, neither conceding an inch of ground, Harry added: "Of course I will personally resolve any security problems that may arise, Morag."
"Fine," said Morag with a long sigh.
"Send her out."
Morag was already wanding the sturdy plank table clear when Harry got to the bedroom door.
"Madam Livia, hello!"
Harry said.
"How are you today?"
Morag did an exam, as thoroughly as she was able, given the conditions.
She also took her time looking for any alien spells or hexes that might be clinging to Romilda.
"Can I borrow them, Mum?"
Morag asked, just her head popped through the door into the bedroom.
Pansy was on her knees next to the bed, holding Livia's good hand and listening to the stories of Livia's adventures with Pansy the Shetland pony.
Livia wasn't quite ready to let Pansy go, pulling her close for a smacking kiss to the cheek and some back-patting.
"Bye-bye for now, Madam MacDougal, love you," said Pansy.
The old lady looked at Pansy and waved.
She took her time, letting the words come out at their own speed.
"Love you, Pans.
Love you, Pans," she said, as clear as day.
Pansy ducked her head to make sure she kept her tears invisible to Livia and crossed the room to the door.
Once she was back in the kitchen end of the cottage she rushed to Morag and pulled her into a crushing embrace, sobbing into Morag's wool overshirt.
"She's a saint," Pansy repeated, three or four times.
"A saint."
Morag, the healer with hyper-developed empathy, let Pansy recover before she separated herself.
She looked Pansy in the face and nodded in agreement.
"Yes, Pansy, she is," she said.
"Now, shall we?"
Morag served tea while everyone found a place to stand or sit before she took up business.
"I have discussed my physical exam findings with my patient, and am bound by confidentiality as to the results.
She understands my concerns about regular visits with a healer of her choice, and it is now up to her to make her own decisions about what she wants to do.
You do not have to do anything for her immediately," Morag began.
She looked at Romilda and the two smiled, back and forth.
"And thank-you, Morag, for seeing me, and thank-you Harry, and Pansy, for improvising and making me come today.
I won't let this become a waste of your time.
I promise," said Romilda.
"Magic," said Morag.
"Something we can all talk about, since we would all be concerned with the answer to that, wouldn't we, Harry?
I didn't detect anything in or around Romilda, hex, jinx, spell, nothing.
Still, you should be careful.
I only know what I know.
Should an adversary have used something outside my training and experience, I'd be oblivious.
That is true of everyone, isn't it?
You might want to look for a detection manual, if you don't already own one.
The magical bookstores have them.
Where are you headed?"
"Glasgow," said Harry.
It wasn't true, technically, but it served the purpose and preserved a little ambiguity.
"There's a branch of Flourish and Blotts there," Morag said.
"They've even got a little café attached."
All agreed that was a delightful circumstance, one that bore further exploration.
"I'd like to try Glasgow, to stay, Harry," said Romilda.
"Oh?"
asked Harry.
They were nearing the stile.
"Yes," Romilda said.
"It will be easier to blend.
There will be more than one hotel, so I can move, three days here, four days there.
I need to catch my breath."
"I understand," said Harry.
"You should consider the caravan village."
"I'll do that," said Romilda.
"Need us to come along?"
asked Pansy.
"I need one or both of you to get me to Glasgow, to the wizarding neighborhood," answered Romilda.
"Then, I think you should go.
So you don't know, don't you think?
Oh, and I'll need my wand."
Harry, luckily enough, did put Romilda's wand in his pocket that morning, so he was able to hand it over.
After everyone called out thanks to Morag once more, the party recrossed the stile and stood on the track across the fence.
"Let's go, then," Harry said, holding out his arms for the witches.
Getting Romilda settled proved easy enough.
Harry headed back to London while Pansy stayed behind to find Flourish and Blotts and buy the magical detection manual Morag recommended.
Pansy's errand kept her in Glasgow another hour, then she followed Harry.
"Come on in," Harry called out to Pansy when she returned to the office.
He turned around after closing his safe and dropped a canvas bag of coins on the desk.
"What's that?"
Pansy asked.
"How is your advance holding out?
Didn't you have to dip into it a few days ago?"
Harry asked.
"Oh, that's right," Pansy said.
"Did you get the book?
Did you pay for that?"
Sorting out the advance and replenishing Pansy's funds took a few minutes.
It wasn't complicated.
In between accounting for expenditures and counting out coins to make Pansy whole, Harry and Pansy went over their adventures since Romilda's return from the magical Alpine principality.
"Think we're done?"
Pansy asked at one point.
Harry didn't answer right away.
"I want to say yes," he began.
"But I have no evidence to support it."
"Exactly," said Pansy.
"Glad you made her take off her ring.
What did you do with it?"
"It's in a trackless wilderness," said Harry.
"About two meters below the surface.
Even if a Berg finds the spot, they probably won't find the ring.
If they get the ring, they'll be standing there, looking around, not another person or habitation to be seen.
Maybe a tent."
"Wow, creative!"
said Pansy.
"Or possibly diabolical, depending on one's perspective."
"What do you think?"
asked Harry.
"Does Romilda appear to be finding her place in the woodwork?"
"Hard to say," Pansy answered.
"It isn't just Romilda, is it?
There's her young laird, or lairdess, to consider.
Romilda might be able to find a safe retreat and tend to her own knitting.
Maybe find a witch or two, if she craves a little community.
I'd still recommend the village.
The youngster, if we presume it can work magic, will need proper nurturing, a magical education, too."
Harry didn't say anything, but he was thinking while he counted.
"We've had some direct experience with what happens when a magical orphan doesn't get the right support early on," Harry mused.
"Well, then, are we even?"
Pansy raked the coins together and put them in a canvas bag.
"If we're not, it's close enough," she said.
"Let me deposit this."
Pansy left with the bag.
Harry heard the distinctive metal scraping sound as the file cabinet in Pansy's office opened and closed.
A moment later, Pansy returned to Harry's doorway.
"We're stuck with her, aren't we?"
she asked as she stood, half in and half outside the office.
"Send her an owl, now and then," said Harry.
"Morag, too.
We have to think about Morag and Livia.
They are in a vulnerable position, it appears to me.
"Merit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-One Dinner, No Business Harry had two real estate matters pending.
One was the acquisition of the new building and the administration necessary to make it the first asset in Harry and Neville's joint holdings.
The other was what he thought of as his do-gooder, give-back project to help Daphne work out Cyrus Greengrass' fry-up of the Greengrass family's finances.
The deal with Neville would proceed step by step and no steps were clamoring for immediate attention.
Pansy was back in her own office so Harry poked his head in this time and informed her he was leaving for the day.
"Take the rest of the day, if you like," Harry said.
"That way you won't be here if any more Romildas or Bergs come calling."
Pansy rolled her eyes.
"Great idea," she said.
"I'll close up as soon as I've got everything put away."
Harry went straight back to #12 Grimmauld Place, dashed some water on his face and headed for the dining room table.
He was reading invoices, comparing them with Cyrus' ledger and putting them in order when he heard Kreacher at the front door.
"Healer Daphne, welcome back," Kreacher croaked, the pitch changing as he spoke.
Harry guessed that was due to the deep bow in progress.
"May I take your cloak, Healer Daphne?
It will be right here in the closet…" Moments later, Daphne was standing next to Harry at the dining table.
"So?"
she began.
"I just got here, not very long before you," Harry said.
"So far, I'm thinking our joint opinion from the other night holds.
There's nothing here that can't be fixed.
Your father, forgive me, Daphne, this might sound a bit harsh, your father doesn't seem to know what he is doing.
The manor breaks even, or nearly so.
You'd have to live somewhere in any case so breaking even is good enough because it relieves the family of the need to either buy something or rent.
The dividends from butterbeer seem to be going up, not a lot every year, but it is steady.
You are independent, leaving the cost of living for three adults.
What is he doing with the money?"
"What do you want to do?"
Daphne asked.
"What's the way forward?"
"Let's start with the receivables," Harry began.
An hour later they had established that Cyrus had enough coming in to get out from under his debts in about two years, as long as he didn't borrow more.
Harry proposed a number for the Greengrass family allowance.
Daphne proposed a little higher number.
Harry asked if Harry Potter holding the note on Greengrass Manor in perpetuity was part of Daphne's workout plan.
Daphne turned red and her eyes got very sparkly.
"Oh, Daphne, I'm so sorry, that was uncalled for," Harry said.
"It was mean of me.
I apologize."
"This won't work…I shouldn't have asked…I'm a grownup…I should have done this myself…" Daphne burbled.
"This is too much to ask of you."
"Can I just," Harry began, moving a little closer.
"We're working hard.
It's just the stress."
Harry lifted his arms and touched Daphne, very tentatively, just above her elbows.
Daphne leaned forward a bit, but didn't move her feet.
Harry exercised, within his discretionary space, a little informed presumption and stepped toward Daphne until they were in contact from their shoulders down to their knees.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I was wrong, I didn't mean for it to come out that way," Harry said.
"You want your family to have a life while we do this.
I know that."
The choppy breathing and shuddering slowed, then halted.
"Should we take a break?"
Daphne asked, some subdued sniffs breaking through for punctuation.
"Think about something to eat?
I'll treat."
"Oh," Harry said.
"Great idea.
No business.
No working dinner tonight.
What do you want to eat?"
"Something from The Dragon?
Anything at all at The Dragon," suggested Daphne, using the shortened version of the name of London's latest magical Asian fusion restaurant.
"Of course, that's perfect," said Harry.
He began to loosen his arms, letting Daphne separate from him until their faces were not all that close, but close enough.
Harry ran his hands down Daphne's arms, reaching, then holding onto both of her hands.
"I apologize," he said.
Harry looked into Daphne's eyes.
"I am truly, truly sorry.
That was an impulsive thing to say, and I should have had better control."
"I'm sorry, Harry," said Daphne.
"I ought to be able to handle something like that.
You have every right to question what I suggested.
It's your money paying off the goblins.
Even if Cyrus is a grump, I know what you're doing for us.
Mother does, too.
We will never, ever forget this, Harry, believe me."
"Oh," Harry said.
"Are we officially made-up, then?"
"If you want to be," said Daphne, cheerful enough to smile through her remaining tears.
"Good," said Harry.
"Then, may I?"
"Of course, if you think it appropriate," said Daphne, closing her eyes.
The Dragon was filling up.
Harry and Daphne got the last open table for two.
It was tucked into a little cul-de-sac in some elaborate wooden carvings that stretched from floor to ceiling.
The space was dimly lit by a single oil lamp beneath a red shade.
Bronze censers sat beneath coils of incense smoke.
The smoky, rosy light had a lovely effect as it shone on Daphne's pale skin.
"This was inspired," said Harry.
"Thank-you for breaking me out."
"Oh, were you a captive?"
Daphne asked.
"Only of my own egotism," Harry answered.
"Your problem is interesting, compelling, I'd say.
You know, of course, my own situation.
My father was gone before he could bring me in on all of this, so I try to work on my own.
The goblins are encouraging but their ethical restraints about getting involved in wizards' business can make them very indirect.
Obscurantist, for anyone who doesn't know how to read them.
Your project amounts to lessons, for me.
How To Be Head of a Magical House.
The problem is I'm getting personally engaged in the mechanics, which is your job.
Your purview, I think is the term.
You have a right to that, and I don't.
You can take the lead and I'll let you know, in a polite, straightforward, non-sarcastic way if I have a perspective that I'd like to share."
Daphne looked like she wanted to burst out laughing, but Harry plowed ahead, all seriousness.
"To get to stick my nose into your family's affairs, as I'm sure you know, Daphne, is a rare privilege," Harry said.
"This isn't theory.
You've grabbed the reins from a sitting head of house.
Then you invited me to look over your shoulder.
I'm getting my mastery in magical business at very little cost."
"Harry, please," said Daphne, "You pawned your worldly estate to help us out.
You're in hock to Gringotts.
You're risking everything you've built up for the Greengrass family.
As for owing, I'm still working over that scene in Potter Manor.
Every family head in Britain would pay you a fortune to be let in on that."
"You haven't told anyone?"
a startled Harry asked, a little pleading in his voice.
"Get serious," said Daphne.
"What if the day comes when I…" Daphne caught herself before saying, "…when I am mistress of Potter Manor."
Daphne looked at Harry.
Harry had caught the gist.
He took a guess about where Daphne was going.
"Look," he said, "Don't edit yourself.
If you were going to say what I thought you were going to say, the same thing has crossed my mind.
It's just that, ah…" "We have to do the business before we do the other," Daphne said, finishing Harry's thought.
"I think it's for the best, don't you?"
Harry asked.
"An hour ago, I let the strain get to me and lashed out.
You're just looking out for your family.
As you should.
They have first claim on you.
Even if you are emancipated."
"Yes," Daphne answered.
"But witches, at least those with unsettled life arrangements, have a bad habit of writing the story of their futures before they'd ought.
Imagination run amok.
I know this, intellectually, but I do it anyway."
"Why is that?"
Harry asked.
"I really don't know," said Daphne.
"I didn't have a lot of trouble disciplining my mind while I was working toward my qualifications as a healer.
None of that bothers me during the work day when I'm seeing patients.
Then I go to your place and start organizing family finances in your dining room, just you and me, and it all goes out the window."
"We will get to the point where we can take that seriously," said Harry.
"I promise.
Until then, no mixing, lest we end up with a tangled mess."
"None?"
Daphne asked.
"Well, perhaps a bit of chaste snogging," said Harry.
"Chaste," said Daphne, "Snogging."
Harry nodded.
"Do you think we can get the family…" Harry raised his hand and cut Daphne off.
"No business," he said.
"I see a way forward.
One more walk-through with you, just to make sure we think alike, and that part is over.
Then you make your presentation to Cyrus and Cordelia.
I'll be in the room, with my mouth shut, observing.
You won't call on me unless you judge it is critical to success.
I don't think my commenting on what amounts to internal family affairs would go over with Cyrus.
It's my business, too, of course, but it will be better to leave that unsaid so you make the sale.
Now, I'm done, because the food is here."
And so it was.
Harry had a vegetable lo mein with tofu, Daphne had a green curry with chicken and every kind of vegetable imaginable.
Harry served Daphne some of his before he took any for himself.
Daphne returned the favor.
Harry spooned a generous mound of white rice onto Daphne's plate, then put the remainder on his own.
They picked up their chopsticks.
"Bon apetit, Lord Harry," said Daphne.
"Long life and happiness, Healer Daphne," returned Harry.
Dinner went on, then on some more, mostly in silence.
"How did you find your dinner, sir, and madam?"
Harry and Daphne leaned back in their seats, turning to face the server.
"Perfect," said Harry.
"Exquisite," said Daphne.
She gave the server a wide smile, getting one in return.
An abacus appeared and was presented to Harry.
Daphne intervened and the waiter held the abacus for her.
Daphne drew her wand and held it over the abacus, whose knobs rearranged themselves in a series of staccato clicks and clacks.
As far as Harry could determine, the abacus had nothing to do with billing.
That was handled by a charm that made the abacus something like a portal for the information embedded in Daphne's wand, causing a transfer from her account at Gringotts to that of The Dragon.
The atmospherics, though, were inspired.
Harry suggested leaving a little walk at the end of their disapparation, and Daphne agreed.
"We're around the corner and a one-block walk to the square," Harry said, in case Daphne was having trouble with the neighborhood.
"Wasn't sure," said Daphne.
"You could have left a little bit longer to walk.
I can stay out late."
"That's funny," Harry said.
They stepped off, arm in arm, walking off dinner and enjoying the company.
"Harry, I need to ask something," said Daphne.
"Pansy…" "Pansy is an adult," Harry said.
"She works for Potter and Associates.
You're going to get around to the 'R' word, aren't you?
That's ours.
Employer-employee."
"No need to snap at me," said Daphne.
She didn't snap back, exactly, but there were no soothing undertones.
"Understood," Harry said.
"No offense meant.
Pansy is an adult, fully-qualified witch, and a real help with the business.
She is entitled to have custody of the details of her life.
Take Pansy to lunch, Daphne.
We aren't involved, not the way your approach indicates you're thinking.
Pansy might be happy to confirm that.
She might also think that is all you need to know.
It's her life, though.
Go to the source.
She won't hex you for asking.
At least I don't think so."
The silence hung over Daphne like a shroud.
She didn't unlink her arm, though, and continued to match Harry's deliberate pace.
"Prying isn't a good characteristic for a healer, I'll admit," said Daphne.
"Merlin forgive me, perhaps I let Laurent Selwyn put the idea in my head."
They got to the square, and Harry steered them left, the longer way around from their starting point.
"Mind?
It's lovely out tonight, and I am so enjoying your company," said Harry.
"No, I don't mind," said Daphne.
"Can we talk business again?"
"Dinner is over," said Harry.
"Why not?"
"I thought through everything while we were eating," Daphne began.
"I don't see why we can't finish this with one more session with Father and Mother.
The sooner the better.
Tomorrow.
Get it done."
"Give the word," said Harry.
"I'll be there.
Use your number for their allowance."
"No," said Daphne.
"Although thank-you.
Your number is much better.
Shock value.
If Father can give us six months with no more borrowing or juggling or buying into speculative enterprises, I will loosen up, a bit."
"Heard anything further on his correspondence with the Selwyns?"
"It must have happened because Mother was to have tea with Narcissa," said Daphne.
"An initial conversation."
They arrived at #12 just as Kreacher opened the door.
"Tea, glass of wine, firewhisky?"
Harry asked.
"I didn't even think to ask if you wanted to go straight home from The Dragon.
Guess I was enjoying it all too much to remember my manners."
"Tea, in the garden?"
Daphne asked.
"Sure," said Harry.
"Kreacher, you can handle that, can't you?"
Daphne kept her cloak, pulling it tight as they sat in the cool night air.
"Anything else going on that's interesting?"
Daphne asked as Harry poured them each a cup.
"You know I'm partnering with your cousin Longbottom, don't you?
We started a company to acquire and manage some magical properties," said Harry.
"We're spreading the risk and preserving executive attention span.
I have to tackle the manor, soon.
It hasn't had an occupant onsite since that night at Godric's Hollow.
You've had a cursory look at it.
Lots of little things don't get done, and those add up, charms or not."
"And you're done with the Bergs?"
Harry puffed his cheeks as he blew out a deep breath through pursed lips.
"That's impossible to say," Harry answered.
"They may blame me for their missing relatives.
We'll have to wait and see what happens."
Harry looked at Daphne, whose face had gone hard.
Her right hand lay in her lap, gripping her wand.
Harry hadn't seen it come out.
"I know a few things, Harry," Daphne said.
"I can help, if you want me to."
"Oh, I don't doubt you," Harry said.
"There will be a time for that, I expect.
"Merit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-two Necessary Business Daphne left from the floo at #12 Grimmauld Place that evening.
They didn't get as far as the chaste snogging Harry had proposed earlier.
Neither brought it up, but both understood if they started, they'd probably just keep going, start the honeymoon early and have the mélange of unfinished business waiting for them in the aftermath.
Then they'd have to sort out the business while taking care to segregate it from a blossoming romance that demanded obeisance from its subjects.
Neither wanted that Merlin-awful mess, instincts notwithstanding.
Daphne found herself unable to give Harry her full attention when she was at #12 Grimmauld Place because of all the intrusive ideas about color palettes revolving around emerald green silk wallcoverings.
When she forced her professional witch's mind to go on to another subject it insisted on coming up with stray thought fragments and phrases such as, "Mistress of Potter Manor."
Alone, later, and calmed down somewhat, they told themselves they were starting over and would have to repeat the stage of observing and getting to know the other and having frank discussions and walks and outings with friends, so they were sure they both wanted the same outcome.
When they were together they focused on their agreement to finish the Greengrass business first before exploring a personal relationship.
Trouble was, the contact over business was proving to be a perfectly viable substitute for what's generally considered dating.
Floo calls went back and forth the following day as Daphne worked in communications with Greengrass Manor and Potter and Associates between consultations with her patients.
Daphne normally loved office hours.
She missed them on days when her practice was closed.
Those interactions were the primary reason she chose a career in healing.
She embraced a personal commitment to focus only on her patients during office hours.
At the same time, Daphne needed to tidy up Cyrus' mess.
The two duties were in conflict.
Daphne had arranged her own emancipation because she had the means and the fighting spirit necessary to confront her father and outmaneuver him.
Now she felt that she had taken care of herself by buying her way out while offering up Astoria as a substitute.
Her feelings were just that, as there was no way to establish a chain of cause and effect.
Still, emotions don't require facts for validation.
The need to finish up her work on Cyrus' financial affairs drove Daphne forward.
Harry was sitting in his office with Neville, Pansy and Hannah Abbott Longbottom, toasting the new enterprise.
Harry, Neville and Pansy had visited the new building with Mort and Daisy, inventoried the maintenance and remodeling needs and sorted them into categories.
The current tenants were not overtly cantankerous, for magical types, and welcomed, cautiously, the new owners' attention.
Harry explained they would be working on some building issues and begged the renters' indulgence while they carried out necessary repairs.
Insisting he was doing it out of respect for the tenants and their need to plan, Harry noted that the improvements might be more than the business could provide for free, and that some reasonable rent increases might be necessary.
Of course the amounts would derive from the cost of the improvements and would be amortized over a reasonable period of time.
Neville and Harry thought the visit went well, overall.
No one wants to get the news of a rent increase, but the residents didn't show signs of shock.
After talking things over with the tenants the party went down to the first floor business spaces, then on to the basement.
Magical properties are obliged to comply with safety codes the same as non-magicals.
Harry asked Mort for a thorough inspection, which wasn't all that complicated since the building had no electricity.
Back at the office, Neville, Hannah and Pansy kept coming up with ideas for magical businesses that might be interested in the ground floor commercial space.
Pansy had tabled a proposal to recruit a soothsayer, or possibly a blacksmith to care for centaurs' hooves when they were interrupted.
"Potter and Associates?"
said a voice from the fireplace.
"It's Daphne Greengrass."
"Daphne!"
said Harry.
"Can you come through?
We're all here."
The flames and concurrent rush of air made a sound like 'Whoo-eee!'
and Daphne walked into Harry's office.
"Daphne!"
said four people in unison.
"Gosh!"
said Daphne, giving an involuntary glance toward her wristwatch.
"Party?"
Daphne worked her way through Neville, Hannah and Pansy, then stood next to Harry, an arm around his back.
"Yup," said Neville.
"We're christening a new enterprise.
Firewhisky?"
He reached for a bottle that stood on Harry's desk.
Daphne watched as Pansy pulled out the bottom drawer of a wooden file cabinet and removed a heavy crystal glass about four inches tall.
"Just one," said Pansy.
"We know you can't get blotto."
"Are you?"
asked Daphne.
"Water," said Pansy.
"Just a hint of a freezing charm and a wedge of lemon."
"Then I'll have the same, if you'd do the honors," said Daphne.
She turned and looked at the other three.
Neville put the bottle down, looked at Harry and shrugged.
"Probably a little early anyway," Harry said.
"If we stop now it won't count as cultivating bad habits and dissolution."
"Agreed," said Neville.
Hannah stood, leaned over and kissed Neville on the cheek, hugged Pansy and moved on to the still-standing Daphne.
"Got to go," she said.
"The place spins out of control without warning."
Good-byes followed her to the door, along with a promise from Neville to be along shortly.
Harry looked at Daphne, ready, it appeared, to receive any updates she wanted to convey.
"Ready to do a little business?"
Daphne asked.
"Of course," said Harry.
"I didn't think you'd be ready until tomorrow."
"Neither did I," Daphne said.
"I just have to get this done.
It's intruding on my professionalism."
"Can't get in the way of that," said Neville.
He tipped up his glass and drained the last bit of liquid.
Standing up, Neville reached for Daphne's left hand with his right, holding it loosely as they stood, nearly toe-to-toe.
"I know just enough to know you're doing a huge favor for Astoria," said Neville, just for Daphne.
He gave her hand a squeeze, then stepped back, looked her in the eye and nodded, once.
"Harry, Pansy," Neville said, following in Hannah's footsteps.
"Can you give me ten minutes?"
Harry asked.
"Fresh shirt.
Brush my teeth…" "Sure," said Daphne.
"Great.
I'll be back.
We can leave from here," Harry said, stepping into the fireplace.
"Well," said Pansy, "You've certainly learned to make an entrance."
"Oh, I'll be so glad when this is over," Daphne said, a slight choke coming through.
"What do you know about our little project?"
"Harry said he was helping you get an accounting problem sorted," said Pansy.
"I admit I rely on the goblins for mine."
Daphne burst out laughing.
When she regained control of herself she gave Pansy a sanitized, two-minute synopsis of the state of her father's mismanagement of the Greengrass family financials.
She went on, perhaps a bit more than necessary, and told Pansy of Cyrus' opening negotiations with the Selwyns, intending to commit Astoria to a marriage she didn't want in return for an infusion of cash.
If Pansy didn't need to know all those details, Daphne definitely needed to vent a little.
"Oh, Daphne, how horrid!"
Pansy exclaimed.
"How can these wizards keep doing this to us?"
"How can they do a lot of things to us?"
asked Daphne.
Pansy set her jaw and looked away from Daphne.
"Pansy?"
Daphne asked.
"What?
What did I say?"
"Not you," Pansy said.
"Difficult memory, that's all."
"Oh," said Daphne.
A light came on as she went back over their last exchanges.
"Oh.
Oh, Pansy, I didn't know, I swear.
When?
Can I help?"
"A long time ago," said Pansy.
"I ought to be over it.
Much worse things have happened to people, some of whom we knew.
I'll tell you, but I'm not ready for it to be common knowledge just yet.
I'll rely on your professionalism.
And I'll stop if he comes back.
Agreed?"
"Of course," said Daphne.
"I proposed betraying Harry, right in front of everyone, there in the Great Hall," Pansy said.
"Remember?"
"Yes," Daphne said, breathed really, her voice barely audible.
"Professor McGonagall sent Slytherin down to the dungeons," Pansy went on.
"Three Death Eaters came in, in the chaos right after the end, looking for some diversion.
They must have thought Azkaban was their new home anyway, as soon as they were captured, so… I was outside the common room, no one else was close by right then.
Vulnerable.
One of them petrified me and they picked me up and took me straight into another room, laughing all the way.
They closed the door.
They laid me out on a big wooden table, enervated me, put their hands here and there.
Got ready for their recreation."
"Oh, Pansy," said Daphne.
"No, no," Pansy said, "That's not how it went.
Right after he settled things in the Great Hall, Harry and Kingsley Shacklebolt and the Order and Dumbledore's Army were all fanned out, going through the school, clearing spaces, looking for fugitives.
He walked in on us and saw what was happening.
He didn't say anything or use his wand.
He just pointed.
One count of three later and three Death Eaters had joined their lord.
No curses, either.
He just raised them up and slammed them hard into the flagstone floor, all by himself.
With his finger, pointing, like I said, all accounts settled in full.
I was still on the table, shaking.
I couldn't control myself.
Shock, according to Madame Pomfrey.
They'd pulled my knickers off and thrown them across the room, so I willed myself to get up and went to get them.
Harry said, 'No.
Shake out your skirt.
No one will see anything.
These can never touch your skin again.
I don't even want you seeing them.'
Then he used inflammare.
Nothing left."
Pansy took a moment while she kept an eye on the fireplace.
Her voice became low, in pitch and volume.
"Harry asked, very sweetly, 'Did they?'
I stopped blubbering enough to say, 'No.
Thanks to you.'
He told me to go to the dorm, get cleaned up and properly dressed and wait there.
Blaise came for me later and took me away.
All so much better than I deserved, of course."
"Pansy, that's…" Daphne tried.
"But you recovered, it seems.
You even work for Harry."
"He's not shagging me, Daphne," snapped Pansy.
"We never have.
He has never suggested it, nor has he once put a hand on me in a suggestive way.
I know you've been wondering.
It's all over your face."
Daphne turned bright red.
She couldn't look at Pansy right away.
"Yes, I suppose," said Daphne.
"The question kind of asks itself, doesn't it?"
"Hmmph.
That's not the whole story," Pansy said.
"It's not even the most important part.
My family was no help afterwards.
They had their own problems.
I started drinking.
Getting men to buy.
Getting them to take me home with them at the end of the night.
I didn't quite make it to the ranks of honest working girls but I was so darn close.
One night, I was in a tight spot with a very aggressive wizard in a very sleazy magical pub.
A real organized crime joint.
"Harry walked in, watched us for awhile, and evened up the odds.
Took me home.
Cleaned me up.
Sat up in a chair while I got a good night's sleep in a safe place for the first time in months.
Sat me down the next morning and gave me a good breakfast along with a good scolding.
Told me lots of people had had it as bad, or worse than me, but it was a new day and they were putting their lives together.
I could do the same, if I wasn't afraid of a little work.
He made sure I found a meeting to attend.
Got me some books.
Paid for my room in a respectable hotel.
He stayed with it when I wanted to quit."
Pansy stopped there.
She looked at Daphne, straight into her eyes, assessing her classmate.
"That is, so, so…" said Daphne.
"Yes," said Pansy.
"They were going to kill me at school, I have no doubt.
A mask slipped.
I recognized the face behind it.
They couldn't have let me out of that room alive.
Then I took my new life and tried to throw it away, until Harry got me out of a second mess.
I betrayed a classmate who had never done me any kind of harm, tried to convince others to turn him over to the Dark Lord, and he saved my life, twice, in the space of a year."
Neither said anything, they just stared at the fireplace, each thinking her own thoughts.
The whooshing sound and flare of green flames announced Harry's arrival.
Daphne and Pansy, out of habit, slipped their finger tips over the ends of their wands.
"Just me," Harry said, stumbling slightly as he exited the fireplace.
"Are the Slytherin witches all caught up?"
"Oh, thoroughly," said Pansy.
"Except for the report I'll need after your excursion."
Harry looked at Daphne.
"I don't know, Pansy," Harry said.
"Daphne's very oversold on this whole idea of discretion.
I don't know how she expects a witch or wizard to learn.
Well, shall we?"
"Let's," said Daphne.
Harry was headed toward the outer office and the door that opened into the lane, but Daphne dropped behind.
She pulled Pansy into a hug, a long, almost-crushing hug.
"Go," said Pansy.
"Take care of your business."
Harry didn't understand the historical context surrounding Daphne's parents at all but found the atmosphere so different from what it had been like on his earlier visit that he guessed Cyrus and Cordelia's interpersonal relationship had undergone some adjustments.
Cordelia carried herself with a bit more force and confidence.
She was not aggressive in her tone or body language, but she seemed assured, sober, in command, and happy to be there.
Cyrus had lost the bluster.
He smiled.
He looked Harry in the eye when they shook hands.
Outwardly he was much the same.
The imperious air was gone.
Harry didn't know if it would come back, eventually, but Cyrus seemed, for the present, to have accepted a measure of relegation.
The four of them sat down again.
No one mentioned Astoria.
Harry hoped that meant she wasn't going to be part of some harebrained, Cyrus-initiated contract.
He had his own thoughts about what it could mean to marry into the Malfoys, but if that was what Astoria wanted, she might as well get it and see what she could make of the situation.
It couldn't turn out much worse than being stuck with Laurent Selwyn.
Back in London, Harry had tried to build up Daphne's confidence and convince her the plan would be a huge success, and she was just the person to sell it to Cyrus and Cordelia.
"You do presentations all the time, to your healer colleagues," Harry said.
"I know you all have conferences and write journal articles and make presentations.
You aren't the only healer I know.
Just do the same preparation you do for a conference, then walk your parents through what you want to do.
I'll be there, but just as a reference.
If you get a question you can't answer, give it to me."
Daphne stumbled around once or twice at the very beginning.
She didn't have a lot of practice telling two strong-willed immediate family members of the older generation that she was taking over their lives, whether they liked it or not.
Still, once she got into her presentation groove it did prove to be much the same as delivering a paper at a healers' conference.
"So, those are the main points," Daphne said, winding up to her conclusion.
She had laid out the obligations, their normal living expenses, with the additional burden of payments going out every which way due to charging purchases and taking out loans.
She went on to show how Harry's assumption of the mortgage relieved enough of the monthly burden to begin paying down debt immediately, as long as her parents did not overspend.
Cyrus gasped when Daphne told them what their allowance would be.
A look from Cordelia was sufficient to pinch off further comment from Cyrus.
"Harry?"
said Cordelia when Daphne was done.
She continued to look at the parchment Daphne had given her that summed up Daphne's budget plan for the next year.
"Nothing to add," said Harry.
"Except, maybe, isn't she something?"
Cordelia laughed out loud.
It was the first time she had done that in Harry's presence.
"She is that," said Cordelia.
She turned her head, looking first at Daphne, then her husband.
"We can do this."
Cordelia kept her eyes on Cyrus, who hadn't spoken since his reaction to the allowance figure.
"What?"
asked Cyrus "I think I'd like to have your agreement, Cyrus," said Cordelia.
"I said, we can do this."
"Sure, we can," said Cyrus.
He didn't sound enthusiastic.
Cordelia looked at him, her face set in a frozen neutrality.
Harry tried not to interpret.
Every couple that has been together awhile has an internal language largely alien to outsiders.
"Excellent," said Daphne.
"So we're agreed?"
She glanced at Cyrus, a pro forma moment of eye contact, before moving on to Cordelia.
Harry noticed their jaws clenched in a mother-and-daughter set.
They looked formidable enough to him, although he couldn't read Cyrus' thoughts.
The rain had begun in earnest about half an hour before the end of Daphne's presentation.
The light cast by the oil lamps died, perhaps two feet beyond the windows, so that outside it looked as if the entire world had been painted in a coating of coal dust.
Harry looked over at Daphne, who had just finished returning her parchments to a pasteboard portfolio.
Daphne raised her eyebrows.
"Anything?"
she seemed to be asking.
Harry was ready to discuss dinner plans but he was completely at a loss for protocol in their present situation.
On one hand, he would have liked to transition out of the difficult business of carrying out a coup on a sitting head of an ancient and noble family.
Gathering for dinner at a neutral place, breaking bread and avoiding all talk of business would have felt to Harry like a natural thing to do.
They might even find favor with Cyrus, who could see Harry in a less-sensitive context.
On the other, Harry might be seen as the interloper Cyrus had already accused him of being, one who Cyrus suspected had seduced his daughter as the first step toward a hostile takeover the Greengrass family assets.
In that case, picking up the tab for dinner would appear to be a case of the victor patronizing the rival he had just defeated.
Harry definitely didn't want that.
Harry shrugged.
Being patient and letting Daphne take the lead seemed indicated.
Harry couldn't think of anything else right then.
"Questions?"
asked Daphne, looking from Cordelia to Cyrus.
"Not from me," said Cordelia.
"This looks well-thought-out and very practical.
Cyrus?"
"It does look practical," Cyrus admitted.
He sounded reluctant to continue.
Perhaps he knew he should have gotten on top of his problems much earlier, but he hadn't.
Perhaps he was as mystified by that fact as were the rest of his family.
"Astoria?"
asked Daphne, moving along to another subject.
"Tea at Malfoy Manor," said Cordelia.
"It's starting to look like she's staying for dinner."
"Oh," said Daphne.
She had a little worry showing when she glanced over at Harry.
She had no reason to be concerned.
Harry would explain later, but Daphne didn't know at the time that Harry and Draco had observed a truce since the conclusion of the Battle of Hogwarts.
The reasons were multiple and tangled.
The most important were that Draco had not betrayed Harry that night at Malfoy Manor, Narcissa had not betrayed him in the Forbidden Forest, and Harry had returned Draco's hawthorn wand after using it to kill Voldemort.
There was another complicating factor.
Harry couldn't dwell on it, because he knew it would throw his and several other lives into unmoderated chaos, but he thought Narcissa Malfoy was incredibly sexy.
Since the Forbidden Forest, Harry and Narcissa had found themselves alone, very briefly, on three occasions.
Thank Merlin for the brevity of those moments.
Harry had felt something strong pulling him toward Narcissa each time, as if he'd been slipped a love potion and had no control over his emotions.
One time, Narcissa had touched his cheek with her hand, brushed the underside of her thumb across his lips and smiled.
Harry studied her face, closely, during the limited time available.
Inscrutable as Narcissa usually was, she appeared to Harry to be transmitting mixed feelings of affection and regret that they could not explore further.
If she was, her emotions mirrored Harry's.
It all went back to the first hours after the battle.
Harry participated in the sweep of the castle, during which he dispatched the Death Eaters who appeared to be taking turns with Pansy.
He had just returned when Narcissa had found Harry in the crowd milling about the Great Hall.
She walked straight to him, wrapped her arms around him directly in front of her son and husband, pressed her breasts into his chest, hard, put her lips right on his ear and whispered 'Thank-you,' over and over and over.
Harry still remembered the scents, Narcissa's perfume mixed with her sweat.
She was a noble woman in need of a bath and a few hours of extreme care at the hands of a skilled lady's-maid-elf, but Harry was a newly-minted warlord with his enemies' blood still wet and victories still fresh on his mind.
He still felt a flush when the old feelings sneaked up on him.
He still had dreams of Narcissa in the Great Hall.
He dreamt of no one but himself, and Narcissa.
He always hugged her, picked her up and sat her down on the end of one of the house tables.
He stood between her thighs, put his nose in the hollow between her collarbone and the base of her neck and breathed in.
He smelled Narcissa's sweat, perfume, and enemy blood.
As he inhaled, he heard her name, sung, as if by the angels' choir.
It sounded so sweet.
Harry understood she was thankful he had saved her only child, as well as getting the Dark Lord Voldemort out of her family's life and prospects, a positive outcome no matter what Justice eventually decided to do with her Death Eater husband.
Of course she was grateful, if not to Harry, to the idea of the young champion who righted her world, and herself along with it, when that world was spinning completely out of her control.
Harry hadn't studied psychology but he didn't feel like he needed formal study to know that Narcissa's positive emotions toward him were all mixed up with gratitude for what he had done for her family and relief that she and her son, at least, would go on living.
He also knew if he and Narcissa acted on lingering feelings of attraction it would blow both of their worlds sky-high.
Thus he worked hard to stay on the most proper and correct terms with the elder Malfoys and lightened up a little with Draco.
Still, it was Harry's opinion that everyone's best interests were served, when it was necessary for him to interact with a Malfoy, to maintain a respectful distance.
The time would come when Daphne would raise the history of the Malfoys and Harry Potter, Harry was sure.
Harry resolved, not for the first time, to think that eventuality through, before the time came when he'd be forced to deal with it.
"Well, then, I guess we're done," said Daphne.
Cyrus nodded, not really looking at any of the others.
He was as glum as Daphne had ever seen him.
"You're taking the floo, surely?"
asked Cordelia.
"The rain is coming down in apocalyptical buckets."
"Yes, that's for the best," said Daphne.
She motioned toward the door with her head, and Harry dutifully stepped off behind her, Cordelia trailing them both.
Cyrus remained seated, staring straight ahead.
"Mother, you must keep an eye on him," Daphne muttered when they'd closed the door.
"Don't let him get too far down in the dumps.
This is not a big deal.
Everyone can use a hand now and then."
"I'll do that," said Cordelia.
"He's been slapped down.
His self-image is damaged.
He had an ego much bigger than his accomplishments could support, or justify, at least these last ten years.
It never occurred to him that he was a not-bad quidditch player and he might have to put in a little effort if he wanted to become something more than that."
"How are you?"
Daphne asked.
"You are asking about my…ahh…consumption, these last few days?"
asked Cordelia.
"Yes, I am," said Daphne.
Cordelia looked at Harry.
"You can talk in front of Harry," said Daphne.
"He's been all over the accounts.
Sorted out the invoices.
He can read."
Cordelia's mouth curled up on the right, a very rueful smile acknowledging the layered truth of Daphne's statement.
"The Paper Trail.
I've cut down," said Cordelia.
"No problems so far."
"That doesn't have a high probability of success, Mother, statistically speaking," Daphne observed.
"You're free to give it a try.
We'll talk."
"Yes," said Cordelia.
"I'll hold you to your word, Daphne.
We haven't had enough of that, for a long, long time."
"Good," said Daphne.
"We'll leave you to it, then.
Love you, Mum."
"I love you too, Daphne," said Cordelia.
She put one arm lightly behind her daughter and the two leaned together.
"Harry, thank-you again, for everything," she said.
Harry answered with a nod.
"Madam Cordelia," he sai.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-three Plunge In "Daph-Den."
"What?"
asked Harry, taking his usual post-floo stumble into what he thought must be Daphne's flat.
Harry expected they'd discuss where they wanted to go for something to eat, but Daphne had put the portfolio with her parchments in one of his hands then taken the other and put it under her own arm.
She led him into the fireplace and dropped her floo powder.
"Sorry," she said.
Daphne flopped onto a sofa, straightened her legs to their full length, and let out a long, drawn-out sigh.
Harry studied Daphne's face.
Her eyes were a little sparkly and her face had defined red splotches.
She gave the impression, at rest, of being ready to jump out of her skin.
Harry wondered if Daphne was about to cry.
"Daphne, what…did I?"
Harry said, before he ran out of words, not to mention coherent thoughts.
"Oh, nothing," said Daphne.
"Or, rather, it's something, but I'm not sure I can explain so anyone else can understand.
Nothing to do with you.
Our childhood, Astoria's and mine, was the stuff of fiction.
My father was a sporting hero.
Mother was a Grand Dame, to us little girls.
She and the elves made the most perfect cookies for us.
We served our friends tea and those cookies.
Lots of days, Astoria and I had tea together, or with Mum, and she told us about balls and beautiful charms for this or that.
Now, step by step, those layers of…of…STUFF…are being shaved off, one painful excision at a time.
I had to buy my freedom, essentially, from my own father, whom I had believed was my champion.
Then he got in deeper and deeper and tried to sell my sister, who has already found someone on her own, to a cad with family money.
The whole thing is just, ah, ah, E-UGGGH!
Mother is coming apart.
She dug down and found the adult inside long enough to lay down the law for Father, but she's been drinking heavily for a long time.
She won't get herself sober.
Well, realistically, it's a bad bet, let's say."
"Okay," said Harry.
"Change of subject: This is your place, I take it."
"Oh, yeah!"
said Daphne.
"You've never been here.
I just had to get us someplace where I could break down in private, if that was what was going to happen.
I assess the danger has passed.
If you didn't notice, that was hard for me."
"I noticed you were completely on top of the business meeting.
You had the facts, you made your points, you sold your remedy for the problem you were called in to resolve," Harry said.
"Was it worth it?"
"YES!"
said Daphne.
"Do you really think it went that well?"
"Sure," said Harry.
"You made the sale.
You clinched the deal."
"I partnered up with Harry Potter," said Daphne.
"You left that part out."
"Aw, shucks," said Harry.
"You did all the work."
"Not relevant," said Daphne.
"The point is we worked together.
I don't mind saying I liked it.
No one got mad or territorial.
It was real teamwork, and fun, despite the seriousness of the problem."
"True," said Harry.
His eyes locked on Daphne's.
"I enjoyed it too."
Daphne looked back at Harry, taking her time studying his face.
"Are you hungry?
Do you want to get something to eat, or just take a shower and go to bed?"
she asked.
"Ah," said Harry.
"Do you have to think about it?"
asked Daphne.
Harry felt like her eyes were drilling into his.
"Let's eat first," said Harry.
"Do you have anything here?
Should I send for Kreacher?
Do you want to go out?
Someplace?"
Daphne smiled a slight, knowing smile.
"Kreacher," she called out.
Kreacher popped into the flat and gave both Harry and Daphne his lowest bow.
"Kreacher is here, Healer Daphne," said the elf.
"Lord Harry is ready for his dinner, as we discussed, Kreacher," Daphne said.
Kreacher smiled a very broad smile.
"As you wish, Healer Daphne," he said, and snapped his fingers.
Daphne's flat had a small table that sat at the center of the combined kitchen-dining space.
With the snap of Kreacher's fingers, the table gained a red and white checked table cloth, two sets of plates, cups, saucers, glasses and silverware, a bowl of spaghetti and red sauce, another with a tossed green salad, a basket full of thick slices of bread and a little plate with a block of yellowish cheese and a small grater.
Two lit candles in crested silver candlesticks stood in the center of the table.
Daphne waved a hand and the lighting, all candles and oil lamps, dropped to a very restful, intimate level.
"Want to wash up?
There's a powder room just there," Daphne said, pointing.
Harry stepped in and closed the door.
When he came back out, Daphne stood behind one of the chairs, which Harry noticed had been pulled out, waiting for him.
"Please," Daphne said, laying her hand on the back of the chair.
"Thank-you," said Harry, sliding in and raising himself up slightly so Daphne could push the chair forward.
"That's really my job," he said.
"But you're my guest," answered Daphne.
Daphne had changed out of her work clothes while Harry was getting ready to eat.
She wore a gown of some gorgeous fabric that looked to Harry like silk.
Two narrow bands emerged from behind her neck, widened out and plunged down across her torso, covered her breasts in an 'X' and continued on to her waist.
Daphne's back and shoulders were bare.
The fabric followed her form so closely it might have been part of her.
There was no ornamentation anywhere, and detail was confined to a single narrow band of the same fabric at the waist.
Harry probably should have kept his mouth shut, or confined his comment to a 'Thank-you.'
"Crimson," he said.
"You have taste."
Daphne took her time answering.
She pulled out her own chair and got herself seated.
"You haven't seen me in emerald green," she said.
"Kreacher, could you work some magic and give us each some spaghetti?"
Harry asked.
"Do you like a little cheese with yours?"
asked Daphne.
"I would like some, thank-you," said Harry.
Daphne picked up the little block of cheese and the grater and built a mound on the plate.
"Kreacher," Daphne said, handing the plate over and nodding toward Harry.
Dinner commenced, salad, spaghetti with freshly-grated cheese and plenty of Italian bread.
Conversation was sparse.
Daphne kept an eye on Harry.
Harry concentrated on the dinner Daphne had arranged, commenting now and then on how appreciative he was of the time and trouble Daphne and Kreacher had put into the arrangement.
Each compliment earned Harry a little smile and nod toward his end of the table.
When he'd finished, Harry looked at Daphne.
"Your china is exquisite," he said.
The china, silver- and glassware were all enameled, engraved or stamped with the Black family crest, complete with the motto: 'Toujours Pur.'
"You deserve the best," Daphne said.
"Kreacher was extraordinarily accommodating.
Well, he took one look at my stuff and insisted."
"Deserve it or not, it looks like I've got it," Harry replied.
"Harry," said Daphne, a little note of frustration coming through.
"Life is so short, even for wizards.
Go ahead and enjoy it a little."
"So true," Harry said.
"Kreacher?
Healer Daphne and I will be taking dessert a little later.
Can you clear?
I'll summon you if we need you again."
"Of course, master," said Kreacher, clearing the table and disappearing everything with a snap.
"Kreacher will be at #12 Grimmauld Place, awaiting your orders."
With that, Kreacher popped out of the flat, leaving Harry and Daphne alone.
Harry crossed to Daphne's chair and held out his hand.
Daphne laid hers across Harry's and let him assist her to her feet.
Harry's left hand held Daphne's right, and his own right arm found its way around Daphne's bare back.
She took in a little breath at the touch of Harry's hand.
"Did I pass?"
Harry asked.
"I grasped the fact that I was under observation."
They were so close he whispered.
"Uh-huh.
Outstandings, all 'round," said Daphne.
"Did I?"
"Of course," said Harry.
"If anything, you exceeded Outstanding."
"That isn't a category," Daphne reminded him.
"But it should be, just for you," declared Harry.
The gap between them, that had been narrowing, now closed completely, as the two embraced, cheeks together.
Harry breathed in through his nose, resolving to commit the scent of his lover, for he had no doubt that now he and Daphne were, to the deepest and most secure level of his memory.
He wanted everything about her imprinted somewhere, permanently, so he could recall her at will, for as long as they lived.
Beyond, if possible.
"Shall we?"
Daphne asked.
Someone had to move or they would just stand next to her dining table all night, holding one another.
Harry knew he need not answer verbally.
He dropped Daphne's hand, leaving his arm around her waist, so she turned to fall in alongside, raising her arm to cross over his as they walked down the hall.
Harry left his jacket and trousers on a chair in the bedroom and took himself to the shower.
"That should help," he said as he exited Daphne's small bath.
Daphne lay in bed, covered by the sheet.
Harry could see her form, somewhat, in the ambient nighttime light that filtered in through the rain and the bedroom curtains.
"Suit yourself," said Daphne.
"Just so you know, you didn't smell at all bad out there.
Not to me."
Harry lifted the sheet and slid in.
Daphne rolled toward him.
"We still have to get to know one another," Harry said, finding a few of Daphne's vertebrae with his thumb.
"Better," he added.
"I agree, but this really can't be put off any longer," Daphne said.
"The tension is just too much.
My tolerance is at an end.
Used up."
"You're sure you want to go ahead?"
Harry asked.
"YES, and we're well past the point of pinching things off," Daphne replied.
"I…," Harry began, then stopped.
Daphne looked at him.
"Finish your sentence, Harry Potter," Daphne demanded.
She made it clear she wasn't negotiating.
"I feel it, too," he said.
"I had no idea.
Before, I mean.
Merlin help us."
Something in Harry's appeal to Merlin melted Daphne's hard edge from a moment before.
"You needed to do your thinking before you took me to Potter Manor, Harry," said Daphne.
Her hand found its way to his cheek.
She caressed his forehead with her thumb, down the side, across his temple.
She went slowly, ending at his chin, cupping it in her soft healer's hand.
Whispering now: "That is where it started, in earnest.
You might have been immune to Cordelia, and me.
Once we faced Dieter together…" "Oh, I know, I know," Harry said.
"I read Bathilda Bagshot's book.
My great-grandmother recognized you the moment her drape was removed.
Your aura."
Daphne giggled.
"Seems silly, doesn't it?
That's how it starts," she said.
"It doesn't make any difference if we do things out of sequence, as long as we get it all done in the end.
You won't be able to stop with Bathilda, though.
That little book is really an overview.
She couldn't cover everything."
They weren't talking about their physical desire, although there was an abundance of that in play.
Lying there together, under the sheet, Harry felt the power of his family magic pushing him to Daphne.
She felt the Greengrass magic pushing her to Harry.
The two might be compatible, and they might not.
The problem for wizarding types was the magical attraction was detached and separate from personalities and could be real at the same time the results of fusing them could be extremely disadvantageous for the individuals.
Those situations had a stereotypical analog among the muggles—the mismatched pair whose physical attraction was mutual, strong and real, who might truly and passionately love one another, while at the same time they had a basic difference in personalities that made them irretrievably incompatible.
Those matches had a very low success rate.
One reason the custom of arranged marriages had emerged among magical folk was the strength of the inner family magic that was largely out of the witch or wizard's control.
Individuals could work on directing the magic which couldn't be completely subdued.
Studying a few experts' published works, Bathilda Bagshot for one, could be useful.
Wise magical parents introduced the subject matter early, carefully cultivated their childrens' trust, taught them a few charms and spells to enhance self-control.
The best results, under the old culture, emerged from a joint effort by two families who sought to mold a compatible couple who could face the world's trials together.
If they were eventually mad for one another that was an added bonus.
The two magical wars had disrupted those folkways.
By the time Harry lay down next to Daphne, their family magic had already done a good bit of mutual exploration.
Harry had brought Daphne to his family seat.
There she was privileged to watch as Potter Manor and Harry's ancestors and the Potter family magic combined to give Dieter Berg a bit of comeuppance.
Dieter directly threatened Daphne.
Harry and the assets centered in Potter Manor defended Daphne from the invader.
The Greengrass family magic approved and got out of the way of the affection Daphne already felt for Harry.
Dorea Black Potter noticed right away that Daphne's aura said she was a promising candidate for a vacant position in the family—the demanding job of Mistress of Potter Manor.
"We could have used some parental coaching," Harry said.
"Just our luck," said Daphne.
"Everything was thrown over at the time."
She meant Voldemort, the Death Eaters and the Wizarding Wars.
"The old ways had their good points," Harry said.
"I wonder if our parents would have picked us out and taken us through the traditional course?"
"Somehow, Harry, right at this moment, I do not want to think about discovering you and Potter magic any way other than just the way it happened."
That evening she also felt the responses coming from the seat of her deepest emotions.
Since the moment they entered the flat and all through dinner her Greengrass magic had been feeling stronger and stronger stirrings of affection and attachment for Potter, Black, Peverell and Potter Manor.
Harry, for his part, had taken in a good gulp of Greengrass as well.
Despite the earlier failure of their attempt at dating, some residual connection came alive enough so that Daphne sought out Harry when she needed counsel for her family problems.
Daphne's approach got Harry's attention.
He was careful to let her take the lead and to work in tandem with Daphne, quietly risking his own resources, doing the family a service that entailed no benefit for himself.
Something showed him the way to begin establishing rapport with Cordelia on his initial visit.
Cyrus was a puzzle.
Harry couldn't understand his managerial incompetence, nor the cold heart that saw Daphne and Astoria as assets, fungible things to cleave off from the family like slates from the mother slab, to be taken to market and sold alongside the baskets of potatoes and mussels.
That aside, the Greengrass magic felt like home to Harry.
Each step brought him closer to Daphne and he began opening up to welcome her family magic.
Cordelia's cordiality and warm words stayed with him long after he'd left Greengrass Manor.
He'd smelled rosemary, that most homely herb, as she walked him out.
Even so, those exchanges were tentative, the magical analog of the beginnings of a natural affinity for any two compatible personalities in the mundane world.
Tonight, Harry and Daphne stood on the edge of a cliff, naked, holding hands.
The breakers crashed below them.
When they threw themselves off together, gravity would take them to the water.
The surf would pull them under, the waves and currents would twist them, push them to and fro, roll them together like a pair of socks, eventually throwing them up onto the wet beach, panting, blinking, emptied out, naked and newborn, looking around for their mate.
If the magic worked, that is what they would be, come morning.
The process would not be complete.
Far from it.
They would not yet be half their own magic, half the other.
To reach that point would take months of work, building an alliance of two, and two families, against the cruelty of the world and the whims of Fate.
Even so, once they stepped off the cliff, the only way back would be through an excruciating process of extrication.
Most witches and wizards who completed that journey felt the magical amputation for the rest of their lives, if they survived.
'YES,' Daphne had said.
'And we're well past the point…' It sounded so matter of fact, so logical, that Harry instantly agreed.
He nodded his head in the dark, as if Daphne needed the visible reassurance of his concurrence with her position on the matter.
Harry lowered his head and kissed Daphne on her lips.
Daphne would have flown into that kiss if space had allowed.
Still, she made the most of what there was, pressing herself into her lover as if she believed in the next few hours she could dissolve her physical self into him.
The roar in their ears had been loud, but now it gained strength with each heartbeat.
Potter magic met Greengrass, everywhere flesh touched flesh, from their mouths to their toes.
The magic met, mixed, swirled, and began to fuse.
"We need to get some sleep," said a rueful-sounding Harry.
"Sometime."
He rolled aside and reached to the nightstand for his watch.
"Anywhere you just have to be?"
challenged Daphne.
"It's after three," answered Harry.
"Anywhere you just have to be, later this morning?"
Daphne persisted.
Harry was cornered.
He didn't have an actual job, the way Daphne did.
He pondered a number of responses.
"Well, then…," Daphne said.
She pulled herself closer and pressed her face against Harry's neck, reaching out with just the tip of her tongue.
She found his earlobe.
Her lips showed up to help her tongue.
"We do seem to like the same things," observed Harry.
"So-o-o-o lucky that way," Daphne whispered.
They did sleep, eventually, rising late, but well before noon.
Daphne invited Harry to share a shower, which Harry was pleased to accept.
"That was fun," he said.
"I hope you don't mind my saying so."
"It's supposed to be fun," said Daphne.
"Serious, too, of course."
"Of course."
Daphne stood with her back against the tiles, reaching around Harry and scrubbing his back with a very substantial sponge.
"Rinse," she said, dropping the sponge and putting her hands on his chest.
"Oh," Harry said, surprise getting past his consciousness and into his tone.
"Breakfast?"
asked Daphne.
"Oh.
Absolutely.
Absolutely," said Harry, confirming for the second time a common cliché regarding male priorities.
"Can I treat?"
Harry asked as he began drying off.
"Breakfast at Grimmauld Place?
I need to thank Kreacher for that meal last night.
You might want to take the Black magic in small bites, at least at first.
A breakfast here, tea there."
"So considerate," said Daphne.
"Grimmauld Place it is."
"How did you get Kreacher to do all the work?"
asked Harry.
"Promise you won't punish him," said Daphne.
"I'm not going to punish him," Harry said.
"I'd just like to know how you got him to conspire with you."
Daphne pulled out a dresser drawer and started picking out underthings, throwing her choices on her bed.
"I had a thought," she said.
"Perhaps, if I wanted to do something for you, something special, I would be able to summon Kreacher.
So, I held the thought about doing something nice for his boss, and asked Kreacher to come.
It worked.
If he can come over here to the flat, it isn't a lot more work for him to bring a delicious, but simple, spaghetti dinner, is it?"
Harry thought it over.
"So you communicated with Kreacher across town and he could apparate into your flat?
Just like that?
It's got some of the usual wards and protective charms?"
"Uh-huh," said Daphne.
"Impressed?"
"Oh sure," Harry said.
He crossed to the bedside table and retrieved his watch.
"Things had gotten further along than I realized, that's all.
I guess that shouldn't be a problem.
Ready?"
When they got to #12 Grimmauld Place, Harry led the way through the house to the garden, complimenting Kreacher all the way.
"Healer Daphne was so impressed with your skill, Kreacher," Harry said.
"Healer Daphne is very kind," Kreacher said, blushing everywhere.
"Your efficiency was praised as well," Harry went on.
"Kreacher does try, master," said the elf.
"The garden looks very nice this morning," Harry said.
"If you don't want all the sun, there's the dining room, and the kitchen."
"Either one," said Daphne.
"I do think we're a bit late.
The sun is a little too high out here."
Harry led the way back inside.
"Oh, here we are," Harry said.
"I think we've found our venue."
They stood in the dining room.
Daphne looked around at the indigo drapes with their dark gray liners, the jumble of Black-crested ceramic pieces on shelves here and there, and the long, black dining table.
The brass candelabra that hung from the ceiling held lots of candles but was the heaviest, most cumbersome design Daphne thought she had ever seen.
"Any particular reason you chose this cheery place?"
Daphne asked.
"The company," Harry said.
"Kreacher!"
"Kreacher is here…" said the elf.
"Master Sirius and Master Regulus are here!
That's wonderful, Kreacher," Harry said.
"Thank-you, Master Harry," said Kreacher.
"Would you like breakfast?"
"Healer Daphne?"
asked Harry.
"Why not?"
said Daphne.
Once settled, Daphne asked again about Harry's decision.
"Right up there," said Harry, gesturing toward the portraits.
"My godfather, Sirius Black, who left me this house and some other things when he made me his heir.
Across the way, Sirius' brother, Regulus, an unsung hero of the late war.
Gentlemen, this is Healer Daphne."
The figures in the portraits began to move, and speak, with lots of overlapping sentiments of the 'Pleased to meet you' variety.
Harry leaned over to whisper to Daphne: "The portraits are in their teens, so, we have to make allowances."
Daphne didn't speak, confining her reply to a wink.
"We can hear you, Harry, so exercise a little discretion," said Sirius.
"Okay, sure, we're dead, but even so," said Regulus.
"That doesn't mean we don't have feelings."
"I just know there are some interesting stories about you guys," said Daphne.
She looked at Regulus' portrait, then Sirius' beaming all the while.
"Oh, wait until…" Sirius began.
"Although, we don't have to do everything at once," Harry said, interrupting Sirius.
"Healer Daphne and I are studying family magic and I already advised her to limit her exposure to ours, at least initially.
I do have a question, though.
Are there more portraits of you around?
I plan to get busy on the old Potter place and I'd feel better if I had at least one of you out there.
It might be important in a critical situation."
"There are, or, there's at least one of me, somewhere," said Regulus.
"It's in a closet or an attic or under a drape, though, or something.
I've checked it a couple of times and I can never see anything."
"You too?"
asked Sirius.
"Same here, Harry.
I've got a portrait that must be stored away somewhere.
There is another one at Potter Manor, though, in the room your dad slept in when your grandparents were alive.
Second floor in the back, on the right-hand side of the hallway.
It isn't under a drape, or it's a darn sheer one if it is, but I can't see much.
The window curtains are closed and the room is always dim, no matter how bright it is outside."
"Well, that gives me a couple of things I can work on," Harry said.
"I take it you aren't going to the office, Healer Daphne?"
"No office hours," she said.
"I'm going to be at St. Mungo's from three to eleven.
I think I will ask for an evening alone tonight.
For some reason I'm already thinking about falling into bed and going right to sleep."
"Brilliant," said Harry.
"I'm thinking I'll be here.
Just floo-call if you need anything."
"Do you have a library here, or at the manor?"
asked Daphne.
"Both," said Harry.
"I can't vouch for the quality of the collection."
"If I may, I'd suggest you do something about that.
Take a look and see what you've got, besides the Bagshot, on the theory of family magic," Daphne said.
"How about your family grimoires?
Have you ever gotten into them?"
"Barely more than leafing through," said Harry.
"Some of it is excruciatingly slow-going."
"Understood," Daphne said.
She took a sip of coffee.
"Mmm…Excellent coffee this morning, Kreacher," she called out, trying to project across the hall and down the few steps to the kitchen.
"Eventually we'll work our way through those," Daphne went on.
"Unless we hit sections that bar one of us.
Those are supposed to be very rare.
Generally speaking, we need enough familiarity with both that we can spot problems before they become problems."
"We'll expect some timely comment if you see anything like that emerging, gentlemen," Harry said to Sirius' and Regulus' portraits.
"Oh, yes, certainly," they both began.
They didn't lay it on too thick.
"I'm still learning," Harry explained.
"The Black magic, it can be a little tricky.
I know just enough to know that.
The Potters were more straightforward.
How are you feeling, by the way?"
He meant how was Daphne feeling, here in the London locus of the Black family and all its worldly and magical ties.
"Fine," said Daphne.
"It was a little overwhelming when we first got here.
It felt like Lord Black had brought me in and said, 'Here she is!'
Then I underwent inspection.
It felt a bit on the meticulous side, for an introductory visit.
That's mostly past."
"You're buttering me up," Harry declared.
"Sure, so?"
asked Daphn.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-four Studies "When we're done with all this courtship and getting-to-know-you, buttering you up will be one of my most important functions."
Harry looked across at Daphne.
He was sure he was getting only the surface, with no nuance whatsoever.
He took a deep breath, and decided to disregard any negative consequences as they were doubtlessly something to be expected at this early stage.
"I have no idea what you're talking about," Harry said.
"Enlighten me, please."
Daphne took her time answering, raising her coffee cup, taking a sip, then swallowing.
"Harry," she began.
"Everyone has reverses.
I do.
You do.
All the witches and wizards meet challenges that they can't overcome, or could overcome if they'd been prepared but they weren't, or they simply run into something that they have to struggle against, for weeks, or months, or years.
Anyone can get discouraged in that kind of situation.
Buttering you up, in your homely phrase, will be the least of the supporting acts I may need to do for you.
When I do it for you, I do it for me.
I do it for us.
When you're calm, at ease, doing what you're good at and comfortable doing, it's a very nice feeling, just being in your company."
"You had your wand pointed right between my eyes not that long ago," Harry said.
"Yeah, I got a little hot, didn't I?"
Daphne admitted.
"But you got me out of that and fairly quickly, too.
When you shared your Greengrass financial plan and why you'd done it the way you did, not to mention your vision of our roles in the whole thing, I became very warm and fuzzy."
"Aha," said Harry.
"So that's when…" "YES!
Harry Potter," said Daphne.
"That's when it occurred to me, in a flash, that a wizard who'd go to that much trouble to help out, not only me, but my whole family, a wizard smart enough to conceive it and with the substance to get the goblins on his side, that wizard might be what my core, the Greengrass inside me, had been waiting for.
Even if we did have to abide by our agreement to do business first and personal later."
"We waited, what?
How long from the time we left Greengrass Manor?"
asked Harry, trying mightily to stifle a grin that ignored his efforts.
"Not the point," said Daphne.
"I needed some help, you gave it, the place inside opened up in expectation of a call from Potter.
Did you feel yours open?"
Harry flushed.
"It's been open," he said his voice so low it was almost a whisper, "Has been for years.
I'd just learned to live with it, open, never expecting it would welcome a guest."
They stared across the table.
"Has she seen the master suite, Harry?"
asked Regulus.
So much for the most precious Greengrass-Potter moment to date.
"I will cover you guys up and let you out once a year, on your birthdays, I swear, so help me Merlin," said Harry.
Daphne pushed her chair back and stood.
"Nice, while it lasted," she observed.
"There are whole chunks of the house I haven't seen though, so why don't we walk around while I'm here so you can show me?"
Daphne had to watch the time but Harry managed to cover the whole house.
Some stops were along the lines of, "This was Sirius' room when he lived here.
This was Regulus' room…" The dungeon still awaited the considered attentions of Harry and Kreacher, obviating the need to visit right then.
There would be time for more thorough explorations.
During the next few weeks, Daphne monitored Cyrus and Cordelia's domestic account closely.
"How are you, Mum?"
Daphne asked, each time they met.
Cordelia could take her choice of areas where Daphne might have concerns.
"Fine, Daphne, as you undoubtedly know," Mrs. Greengrass would answer.
Cyrus and Cordelia were adapting well to their new circumstances.
"We could use a little more flexibility," Cordelia might say.
"You'll get it," Daphne would answer.
"Maybe not this week."
"Would Harry…" Cordelia tried.
"Mother, I want you to listen to me," Daphne said.
"You and Father and Astoria and Harry and I are all part of this.
We work on it together.
Harry helped me analyze the problem but that is all he is—a consultant.
I think I can say, fairly reliably, that if you want to go back to the way you and Father were doing things, Harry would expect you to budget in the repayment of his loan."
That got Cordelia's attention.
She was a very astute witch who had shown early promise as a scholar before she married and reduced her interests to her daughters, tea and backgammon with her social group, and alcohol.
She knew they weren't far enough along in the Greengrass recovery plan to take on retiring the lien on the manor.
She also knew Harry Potter was more than her daughter's business consultant.
"What have you and Harry been doing?"
Cordelia asked.
"He came over last night and helped me clean, so I fixed us something to eat, and then we read a little bit before he went home," Daphne said.
Cordelia heard Daphne's words and was wise enough to know they actually said, "Harry came to my flat and honored me with the gift of his time and labor to make my nest clean and comfortable so I presented him with a food offering from my personal larder which he graciously accepted and then we studied magical married life together."
Cordelia knew they were reading family grimoires and books on the theory of family magic.
"Deep," said Cordelia.
"Oh, I don't know," Daphne said.
"We'll see how it goes."
Cordelia's knowledge of family magical theory came from lots of little conversations with her mother, her student days and hundreds of hours of social conversation with some very learned witches.
Daphne didn't fool her.
Cyrus wasn't uncommunicative, but he was subdued.
The voluble, glad-handing former businessman and quidditch player had disappeared, replaced by a quieter person, one who observed the social niceties, but who also sat staring for long minutes without saying anything.
Harry read his way through several books on the theory of family magic.
Lacking both grandparents and parents meant that Harry did not get the skeletal structure, the underlying theory, which is best acquired a little at a time from the family elders.
Nor did he hear the illustrative family stories that put the meat on the bones of theory.
Harry felt the absence of that background information like a physical sensation.
He came close to irritating Daphne with his questions and requests for clarification.
His focus paid dividends.
He looked up footnotes and references, then the footnotes in the references he'd gotten from the footnotes.
Harry paid a courtesy call on a famous alchemist he'd learned about from a reference book.
He wanted to talk about the alchemist's studies and raise questions he'd formed from readings in his Black and Potter grimoires.
The alchemist was flattered by the attention, as he was normally left alone by his magical colleagues.
He indulged Harry for a quarter of an hour before trying to redirect the conversation to a first-hand account of Harry's duel with Voldemort.
Harry did know enough to face Dieter Berg at Potter Manor and invoke the Potter family magic in defense of Daphne and himself.
It would be decades before Daphne told Harry that she heard a voice coming from inside herself say, "Oooo…" when Harry shrank the petrified Dieter and put him in his pocket.
She said that was the Greengrass magic speaking to her.
Harry suspected his Great-Grandmother Dorea had just as much chance of being the origin as did the Greengrass magic, but by that time he had greater control over his impulsive responses and the good sense to keep his mouth shut.
Keeping his mouth shut at Greengrass Manor was not very challenging for Harry.
Cyrus would talk to him about quidditch, which Harry enjoyed, but little else.
Daphne and Cordelia had two to three hours of pent-up discussions by the end of the week.
As long as Harry didn't initiate conversation they left him alone.
Daphne and Harry traded invitations for meals.
There wasn't anything like an agreement but when they slept over they tended to alternate between Harry's townhouse and Daphne's flat.
The frantic madness surrounding Romilda's arrival and Harry and Pansy's intervention in Morag's life dissipated.
Harry and Daphne kept one another focused on their studies.
"Still interested in this stuff?"
Daphne asked one evening.
They'd finished a chapter in one of the family magic texts and were going to break for tea.
"Daphne, I'm up to my eyeballs in your Greengrass family business," said Harry.
"Staying interested is no longer optional.
I do like working through the books with you.
The different theories are starting to stand out now.
My appreciation for the field is orders of magnitude bigger than it was.
You?"
"Oh, me, too," said Daphne.
"I'd just scratched the surface.
I knew, of course, that a wizard defending a witch will make the witch feel positive feelings inside.
Muggles experience that, too."
"Positive feelings?"
Harry asked.
"Of course," said Daphne.
"Individual exceptions aside, women are overall physically weaker than men.
A man putting himself between a woman and danger will generally evoke warm feelings.
I suspect it goes back to the savannah."
"Magic is the great equalizer, though," Harry said.
"How does that figure?"
"Probably something left over in the DNA from proto-humans," Daphne explained.
"Well, anyway, where are we?"
Harry asked.
"Do we sign up for classes at some point, or some form of counseling?
Get outside confirmation we are just what the other one needs?"
"Harry," Daphne said.
"You're in tut-tut territory.
We don't have to do anything.
Most people don't."
"True, but most people don't have a very high probability of achieving happiness in their personal lives."
"Okay, I can't fault you there," Daphne said.
"We've probably outworked ninety percent of witches and wizards already.
We don't have to push it.
Are you unhappy with the way things are?"
"On the contrary," Harry said.
"I'm very happy."
"I like my job and the amount of time I have available to devote to it," said Daphne.
"I haven't felt the need to start blending a demanding Young Magical Matron dimension into my activities.
How is your business coming along?"
"Great," said Harry.
"I'm really enjoying myself.
Neville and I are looking for a fresh venture to bring in under the umbrella of the LLC.
Mort and Daisy have been doing a lot at Potter Manor.
You need to come along and take a look."
"Fine," Daphne said.
"It sounds to me like we're agreed.
We continue the way we are until something tells us it is time for the next step.
"On a related matter, can you come to Cyrus and Cordelia's for Saturday tea?
The Malfoys are coming.
It looks like Cyrus is resigned to the loss of the Selwyns and the Malfoys to the acquisition of Astoria."
"The Malfoys, ah…" said Harry.
"You see, there is something."
"Harry, this isn't you and Draco from the sorting ceremony, is it?"
asked a very skeptical-looking Daphne.
"Old quidditch beefs that never got settled?"
"Oh, no," Harry said.
"That was school nonsense.
This is…well, I knew I'd have to talk to you about it sooner or later.
Maybe it's meaningless, or I've got it wrong, but here it is."
Harry hadn't made his presentation on his and Narcissa's moments to anyone before, so the initial one was probably a little jerky and not well-thought-out.
Quality aside, the content was what it was.
Daphne took it well, or as well as could be expected.
She listened, face in neutral, reserving comment until the end.
"I see," Daphne said.
Harry hypothesized that her comment was strictly rhetorical, and she really didn't see much more than the most obvious, superficial aspects.
"I've got some reading to do," Daphne said.
"Maybe a little consulting, too."
Harry left it alon.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-five Honing Social Skills The reading and consulting might have had something to do with the success of the Saturday tea at Greengrass Manor.
To Harry it looked like an exercise in old-fashioned territoriality.
Harry and Daphne agreed to meet at Daphne's flat and proceed to Greengrass Manor together.
Daphne conveyed an expectation that Harry would join her thirty minutes prior to their presumptive departure.
Daphne used the time wisely for a bit of coaching.
"Have you thought about how you're going to deal with having Narcissa close by?"
Daphne asked.
"Ahh, well," Harry began.
"No, then," said Daphne.
"That's fine.
I'll just give you your instructions and then you won't have to think."
"Um, sure," Harry conceded.
"If you think Narcissa might have had designs on you, you will want to save everyone the embarrassment and prevent any untoward events," said Daphne.
"An ounce of prevention."
"Can't argue with you there," Harry replied, wondering where Daphne was going.
"Even though the families know one another, this is, officially, the initial, everyone-from-both-sides, make-your-acquaintance event," Daphne went on.
"It kicks everything else off."
"Okay," Harry said, noting the redundancy in comment but feeling at a loss for having anything more constructive to contribute.
"There is a bit of role-playing in these get-togethers," said Daphne.
"In the event good manners prevail, it should be very cute.
The two mothers dote on the children, but kind of lay it on thick toward the other one's child.
Mother will be commenting on Draco and what a fine young man he is and how she and Father are so pleased Draco wants to be part of us and bring Astoria into the Malfoys."
"Uh-huh," Harry agreed.
Daphne thought she saw signs of some slippage in Harry's attention level.
"Still with me?"
Daphne asked, looking for a little confirmation.
Harry nodded.
"Oh, yes, of course," he said.
"Narcissa will reciprocate with regard to Astoria.
Wizards will hover for a bit, not wandering off but not sitting with the witches, either," said Daphne.
"Draco will stay close to Astoria.
You, Father and Lucius will find yourselves a little more distant, but initially you'll keep an eye on the witches and pay attention.
Can you do that?"
"Rub elbows with Lucius Malfoy and pay attention to the conversation between Cordelia and Narcissa?"
Harry asked.
"Yes.
Can you do that?"
Something must have cued Daphne that Harry had to think about it.
"What's wrong?"
Daphne asked.
"Well, Lucius and I have history, as, of course, you know," Harry said.
"Oh, right," said Daphne.
"Graveyard at Little Hangleton, as I recall.
What happened there, again?"
"Peter Pettigrew sliced my arm open and used my blood to reconstitute Voldemort, who summoned the Death Eaters, and then he made me duel him."
"And you…?"
asked Daphne.
"Fought him to a standstill, then I got away with Cedric Diggory's body and the goblet, which was really a port key," said Harry.
"And Lucius was there and saw all that?"
"Oh, yeah, right in front.
Voldemort humiliated him before we got going on the duel," Harry said.
He tried to fight it, in consideration of Cedric, but got a big grin at the memory.
"Anything else?"
"Ahh…" said Harry.
"Well.
The so-called Battle of the Department of Mysteries which was really more of a fight between two gangs.
Our illegal student organization did well.
Except for losing Sirius.
That one put Lucius in Azkaban."
"Is that all?"
"No," said Harry.
"And?"
"The other stuff.
That thing you saw.
At Hogwarts," said Harry.
"So, is there any reason why Lucius Malfoy's presence should put you off stride?"
Daphne asked.
"No," said Harry.
"Good," said Daphne.
"I didn't think so.
Lucius should be the one to break out in a cold sweat at the very thought of incurring your wrath.
Now, when we get there and make the rounds, make sure you kiss their hands.
Mother and Narcissa, of course, not the wizards.
I see you wore your signets."
Harry held out his hands for Daphne to inspect.
"Nails trimmed and buffed, hands clean.
I'm impressed, Lord Harry.
Now, if Narcissa thinks she's going to work a little one-on-one magic, or if she just lets her self-control slip a bit, don't get swept away.
I'll be right there, watching, and I'll take care of it," Daphne said.
"So don't worry yourself over Narcissa.
Do you still think she's hot?
Tell the truth."
"Well, uh, as I said when I told you about all this…" said Harry, unable to get to the point.
"That's a yes," said Daphne, "Don't worry, I'm not offended.
Narcissa is hot, as a matter of fact.
You are distant Black cousins so the Black magic is probably, no, undoubtedly working in the background.
My guess is she's going to be grateful to you for saving her child and husband and getting rid of a mortal threat to all three of them, probably for as long as she lives.
You knew we needed to talk about it and you told me the truth.
You have no idea what that does for me."
"Good?"
asked Harry.
"Oh, my goodness yes, Harry Potter," said Daphne.
"Now we go face something together again, our alliance strengthened by your honesty and trust in me.
This is going exceedingly well."
Harry knew he'd never grasp all of that so he resolved to kiss the hands of the matriarchs, maintain a correct but studiedly neutral demeanor with the fathers of the prospective bride and groom, and not get sucked into conversations about recent history or business.
Daphne's briefing was critical, Harry confessed when they got back to London.
They weren't needed as auxiliaries to Cordelia, as they would have been for a ball.
Harry and Daphne arrived as invited guests, a few minutes behind the Malfoys.
Harry wore a normal business robe of conventional cut from a good fabric.
An understated facsimile of Harry's Order of Merlin rosette was embroidered over his heart.
Daphne lay her left wrist across Harry's right forearm and let him lead her through the central hallway of her childhood home.
Everyone stood when Harry and Daphne walked in.
Cyrus broke away from the other five and met them just inside the door to the salon.
"Daphne," he said.
Cyrus and Daphne did a little greeting embrace.
"And Harry," said Cyrus, extending his hand.
"Welcome to our home.
You know everyone, I'm sure?"
"Oh, at least well enough to put names to faces," Harry said.
"How have you been, sir?"
Daphne kept up just the slightest pull to Harry's arm, steering them both toward the group of five.
"Mother," she said, giving Cordelia a kiss on the cheek.
"Lady Cordelia," said Harry, accepting Cordelia's offered hand in both of his and bringing it up to his lips.
"An honor, as always."
Harry intended to keep his greetings for Lucius and Narcissa short.
It occurred to him, when he had Cordelia's right hand half way to his lips that he didn't know the proper protocol for greeting the Malfoys.
"Madam," said Harry.
He figured a wizard could never go wrong with 'Madam.'
He stopped in front of Narcissa, heels together.
She offered her hand.
Harry took Narcissa's right hand in both of his and bent slightly at the waist.
"My lord," said Narcissa.
Harry didn't have a grip on her hand, but he let it rest on his forefingers as he straightened up.
Narcissa didn't seem to be in a hurry to take her hand back.
As a matter of fact, her thumb lay on the web of Harry's right hand, making little stroking motions.
'My lord' took him by surprise so he had no follow-up ready.
Harry recalled Daphne's comment about cousinhood and Black magic working in the background.
He decided to let a little bit out, as a transition and just for the fun of seeing what it would do.
"Esteemed Cousin, what shall we do for this golden couple?
A little something in their honor on the lawn or in the garden, to let the Blacks share in the joy?"
Harry asked.
"Or put Magical Britain on notice, as the case may be?"
Narcissa lit up and grinned a huge grin.
Harry Potter, Lord Black, with a bit of help from Narcissa Black Malfoy had certainly put those gathered together in the Greengrass Manor salon on notice.
Narcissa's smile said she thought Harry's subtle suggestion of an alliance between themselves was just fine.
So did the sudden pressure of her grip on Harry's fingers.
"Whatever you think best," she said.
"That really is your prerogative."
Daphne was getting stiff.
Harry felt it even though they weren't physically touching.
Someone had to do something.
Dispensing his most gracious, 'Your servant, Madam,' Harry dropped his hands and stepped over to Lucius.
"Sir," he said, extending his hand.
Lucius let Harry take the lead, then accepted Harry's hand.
"Lord Harry," he said, inclining a little, not quite bowing but still deferring to his senior in rank.
Harry took a moment to allow Lucius and Daphne time for a minimal greeting.
"And the guests of honor," Harry said, leading now, placing his hand on Daphne's back and walking three paces to stand in front of Draco and Astoria.
Daphne threw protocol out the window and reached for her sister.
Harry and Draco stood back, smiling at the two as their clinch went on and on.
"Best wishes," Harry said as soon as Astoria was free.
He expected a short, formal handshake but Astoria dropped her eyes, curtsied and murmured, "Lord Harry," before straightening up and accepting the hand Harry held out.
Draco was last.
He had a surprise ready as well.
"Lord Harry," said Draco.
He stood at attention, heels together, and inclined his head before shaking Harry's hand.
Harry didn't have a lot of time to think through the formalities, the protocol followed, the protocol flouted, or the meaning of it all.
Fluff took drink orders.
Draco and Astoria occupied a settee.
Draco's feet were flat on the carpet, his hands on his knees.
Astoria crossed her ankles and sat with her hands folded in her lap.
Now and then Astoria, to underline a point, would reach across and touch Draco's hand, before returning to her original position.
Narcissa sat in a chair at Draco's end of the settee, Cordelia on a chair next to Astoria.
Small talk was made, along the lines Daphne had outlined for him.
Harry stood with Daphne and paid attention to the social chit-chat focused on the happy couple.
Cyrus and Lucius drifted a little further afield.
Daphne dropped her arm and laid her near hand lightly on the middle of Harry's back.
Harry joined the other wizards.
Tea was in the garden.
Harry hadn't finished his firewhisky and water when the celebration moved outside.
He hadn't meant to finish it, he'd just asked Fluff for something to hold along with the other wizards.
He spotted a little trivet on an occasional table and put down his glass.
The garden furniture was placed on a thick carpet of emerald green grass.
Astoria had her shoes off as soon as she arrived, and Daphne joined her not long after.
Harry stood a little way off with Lucius and Cyrus.
He didn't try to make small talk.
He listened but looked mostly toward Daphne, alert for a summons.
The two older wizards carried on a peculiar conversation.
Harry noticed the absence of any political commentary.
Cyrus didn't initiate anything related to business, and Lucius seemed to be happy with that.
When they'd finished their tea, Astoria announced she'd like to stretch her legs just a bit, if their mothers would excuse them.
Narcissa and Cordelia did so, and the two intendeds walked around the garden paths, always staying in view of the larger party back on the lawn.
After two complete trips around the garden, the couple's business was apparently concluded, and they rejoined the others.
"Mother, Father," said Draco.
"We need to thank our host, and hostess."
Astoria was beaming.
Her hand found Draco's and gave it a squeeze.
She loosened up but held on.
Departure formalities ensued and were concluded.
The Malfoys walked through Greengrass Manor to the front lawn, complimenting Cordelia and Cyrus on the décor, noticing this or that departed noble in the portraiture on the walls.
The elder Greengrass's flanked Astoria on the walk back to the front door, trailing Daphne and Harry.
Astoria was visibly desperate to get her sister someplace private, so Harry kept Cyrus and Cordelia company for a bit.
Cordelia gave her daughters ten minutes before taking her leave.
"Can you occupy yourselves with wizard-talk while I track them down?"
Cordelia asked, standing and exiting without waiting for a response.
Cyrus looked at Harry, but didn't say anything.
Harry grasped that if there were to be wizard-talk, he would have to initiate it.
He had trouble coming up with a subject.
Harry didn't want to talk about the Wizengamot because he knew too little about Cyrus' positions on the current issues.
Business was out because Harry and Daphne had taken the reins of the Greengrass business interests.
Perhaps worse, Cyrus had once accused Harry of seducing Daphne for the specific purpose of using her as his instrument to acquire Greengrass Manor.
For all Harry knew he still thought that way.
Besides that, Daphne had taken the lead in leveraging Harry's control of the lien on the manor to force Cyrus to open up his financial records so that she could impose a recovery plan.
Even if the plan was working, which it was, Cyrus' pride was hurt, and would probably stay hurt for a good long time.
Harry had to break the silence somehow, so he circled back to an issue before the Wizengamot.
It wasn't politics, exactly, nor business, but definitely related.
The bulk of taxes wizards paid came back to real estate, somehow.
Land was taxed, with different rates for agricultural land, family housing, commercial use, and so on.
Renters paid since part of the rent money for a flat or house passed straight through the landlord's account to the Ministry.
There was a proposal to increase an existing tax on commercial transactions and professional services in order to freeze property taxes.
A minority, third-way bill would increase the tax in order to actually roll back the property tax, although few serious observers thought the bill would ever generate enough support to make it to a vote.
"Cyrus, you have more experience than I do with the tax system, where do you think these tax bills are headed?"
Harry asked.
Cyrus held several opinions, as it turned out, and not all of them were self-contradictory.
He was actually very well-informed, with a grasp of the history of the present system and how the proposed changes would affect different constituencies.
"We pay more, of course, presently, because the taxes on land could be frozen or lowered if they made up the revenue from a commercial tax increase," Cyrus began.
"I don't know how someone like you, or Daphne, would be affected.
You collect rent, of course…" "Um-hmm," said Harry, "And I have a little farmland rented out that's attached to the country house."
Cyrus paused.
"Anything that would be subject to the commercial tax increase?"
"Not that I can think of," said Harry, adding, "Unless I think of a product I can sell."
"So you'd benefit if the tax on commercial transactions went up, assuming they'd really freeze the land tax."
Harry puzzled over the seeming contradiction.
His own family had taken Cyrus' responsibility as their main provider away from him because he'd proven to be incompetent.
At the same time, he had a solid understanding of a complex Wizengamot debate over tax policy, down to the level of how the real-life citizen would be affected by the proposed changes.
Harry gave Daphne a big smile when she returned with Cordelia and Astoria.
He was glad to see her, of course.
He was really glad, though, that she was extracting him from his conversation with Cyrus.
Harry couldn't say exactly why, but something about it was making him sad.
The group of five made a little more small talk, mostly compliments directed at Astoria, assuring her Draco seemed to be just about the best intended ever, and assurances they'd both be very happy together.
Before long, though, Daphne judged they'd been there just long enough, and anything more would be excess.
"Mr. Potter," she said.
"Healer?"
Harry replied.
"I'm afraid I must impose on you, if you're ready," said Daphne.
"Never an imposition," said Harry, offering an arm once again.
Harry walked Daphne to the front lawn and one disapparation later they arrived at a discreet apparation point in Daphne's London neighborhood.
"You were the day's big hit," said Daphne when they got back to her flat.
"Really?"
said Harry.
"I'd have thought Astoria, then Draco.
He has changed a lot, by the way."
"Yeah," Daphne said.
"We are all a few years older, so that's to be expected.
The ladies were so pleased your lordship found their hands suitable for kissing.
They don't get a lot of that kind of gallantry, these days, is my guess."
"It wasn't too bad," Harry said.
"The tea, the conversation.
I'll get better, with your help."
Harry looked into Daphne's eyes.
She looked back.
"You may not know this, Harry, but when you tell a certain kind of witch you want her by your side, navigating life and society, together, she begins to update her plans for her personal life."
"Are you that kind of witch, Healer Daphne?"
Harry asked.
"Because I can tell you several times a day, if you don't think it will get old."
"Um," Daphne said, her minimal acknowledgement of Harry's offer indicating she suspected he was being just the least little bit facetious.
"We need to talk about Narcissa, Harry."
"Do we?"
asked Harry.
"Yes," said Daphne, suddenly all seriousness.
"You two respond to one another.
The other's presence, most likely.
Be very careful when you're around her.
My advice would be to never let yourselves be alone together."
"What are you talking about?"
Harry asked.
"We barely spoke, aside from one exchange, when you and I were greeting everyone.
You were right there."
"The way she looked at you," said Daphne, "The way she called you 'My Lord' when she is senior in age and the mother of one of the guests of honor.
Your offer to collaborate on a little joint hospitality got a deferential response.
A very positive and deferential response, if I may."
"Anything between Narcissa and me would blow up her family, you and me, possibly Draco and Astoria," said Harry.
"She'd never do that.
Are you sure she wasn't just vibrating to a little Black resonance, there in close quarters?"
Daphne looked Harry in the eye.
"Harry, you don't know witches," she sai.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-six Farewell, Mother Livia Harry was getting a lot of satisfaction out of running his business.
Neville Longbottom was a valued partner, with skills and interests that complemented Harry's.
Each trusted the other's judgment in his area of expertise, leading to a natural, comfortable-feeling division of labor.
The new building got updated apartments first.
The tenants seemed pleased, and the modest rent increases didn't appear to be giving anyone heartburn.
The ground floor was updated, although the work was incomplete.
Harry, Mort and Daisy could only take the improvements so far.
The finish work would require a plan for a specific kind of business.
An office would take them one way, a café would take them another.
Harry asked Pansy and Neville to put the word out that a newly-renovated space in a good building was coming onto the market.
Harry reminded himself the muggles had a saying: Think Outside the Box.
He resolved to do so.
Pansy sent an owl with a note to Morag once a week.
Morag usually responded right away.
Pansy didn't pry, although she did ask Morag to tell Livia she sent her love.
It had been more than a month, closer to six weeks since they had delivered the loaf of bread, when Morag's return note stated simply that Pansy might want to come soon if she wanted to see Livia again.
Pansy went the next day.
This time she didn't hold with ceremony and stop at the stile, going instead straight to climbing over and walking up to the door.
She gave it two solid knocks, calling out, "Morag?
It's Pansy."
Pansy was well north of Hadrian's Wall and the day had a definite autumnal feel.
"Come on in," said Morag as soon as she opened the door.
Pansy looked around the kitchen and eating area.
The plank table stood in the center.
Pansy couldn't help remembering Morag's improvised examination of Romilda just a few weeks before.
"Mother?"
Morag called out from the doorway.
Livia said something that Pansy heard but couldn't understand.
Morag waved Pansy over.
"Look who's here," Morag said.
"Pansy came to see you."
Pansy felt a little shock when she first looked at Livia.
The old but still bright and alert witch had shrunk into herself in the intervening weeks since Pansy last visited.
Still, Livia managed a smile across one side of her face.
She breathed in, the effort to get the extra air necessary for speech was visible, and the words that came out were so soft.
"Pans," said Livia, raising her one functioning arm.
"Pans."
Pansy knelt by Livia's bedside and placed her near arm carefully over the old witch.
"Bless Pans," said Livia.
She took her time and managed a very understandable, "Thank-you, came to see, old, old witch."
With that she was winded.
Livia closed her eyes.
Pansy knew she hadn't drifted off to sleep because Livia's arm was around Pansy's shoulder and it rubbed a little, back and forth.
Pansy slowly and carefully extracted herself, putting Livia's arm on the blanket.
She got up from her knees and took a seat on the chair next to the bed, making sure she was close enough to pick up Livia's hand.
Morag had gone out at some point, which Pansy hadn't noticed, and she returned with a cup and saucer.
"Tea?"
Morag asked.
"Let's see."
Morag moved a little occasional table over from a corner and put the tea down for Pansy, before carefully picking a spot at the foot of Livia's bed and sitting down.
"She hasn't been able to swallow since day before yesterday," Morag said.
"That is pretty definitive.
Then today she brightened up and asked about you.
I'm imposing on you, Pansy, I know that.
I can't do any more.
I thought, if Pansy can come, say good-bye…It's my last chance to do for her."
"Oh, Morag," said Pansy, "Oh, of course, of course, of course.
Thank-you for sending for me.
Just that fast?"
"Yes," Morag said, her voice low, just for Pansy.
As she spoke, Morag watched her mother's face.
"That is a fairly typical course.
When humans get to a certain point something takes over and the individual kind of drops the reins.
It's the same for muggles.
If that sounds mystical it's because it is.
What do you think of that, coming from a healer?
I don't have an explanation.
The whole process is miraculous, it seems to me.
No pain or violence, no wasting disease, just the old body saying good-bye and the other going on."
Livia got a little blurry for Pansy, who had to sniff, but just once.
The two witches sat like that, watching their charge.
Livia squeezed Pany's hand now and then.
As Livia's grip on Pansy's fingers loosened her breath began to rattle, then it stopped for short periods before starting again.
The daylight from outside grew dimmer.
Pansy could see the sky turn to cobalt, then violet.
Morag lit a single candle that stood in a short pewter candlestick set atop a battered wooden dresser.
She dabbed at the corners of Livia's mouth with a tissue, then sat back down again at the foot of Livia's bed.
Pansy continued to hold Livia's hand even after it was plain from the lack of pressure that Livia was no longer holding onto Pansy.
Livia's breathing stopped for longer and longer periods, then Livia gave a little shudder.
Her jaw dropped slightly.
Livia's arm slackened completely.
Pansy looked at her friend, whose face was lit only on the one side, by the candle on the dresser.
"Morag," Pansy said.
"Morag."
A shiny track down Morag's cheek showed the path a tear had taken.
Pansy slid onto the edge of Livia's bed, being careful to avoid the old witch's feet, and wrapped her arms around Morag.
Neither was ever very sure how long they sat there, just like that, Morag letting Pansy rock her a bit, now and then.
The candle burned very low.
Outside it was full dark.
"Well," Morag said at last.
She extracted herself from Pansy and stood up.
"I'll need to let the others know," she said.
"I doubt if they can come.
They are so old."
Something in that short sentence made Morag start laughing at herself.
"Oh, Mother Livia," Morag said.
Pansy thought she sounded mildly giddy.
"You had a good, long run, didn't you?"
Pansy took a last look at the old lady's angelic face and lifted the sheet, placed Livia's arm next to her and pulled the sheet up and over.
"Funeral plans?
Last requests?"
Pansy asked.
"No," said Morag.
"When we talked about it, two or three years back, Mum said, 'That would be presumptuous of me, now, wouldn't it?'
We dropped it and never took it up again.
There is a little church about two miles away.
She and Dad used to attend, when they were fit.
Everyone from their time is long gone, of course.
There is a very understanding young minister there now.
If I let him know the sexton will dig the grave and we can have a few moments there with her.
I honestly think she might have thought, in life, by doing that little bit I was foisting something showy on her."
"Fine," said Pansy.
"How about someone to help you?
You really shouldn't be the one…" Pansy gestured toward the bed.
Morag caught her breath and nodded.
"Let me send some notes," she said.
"Will you let me bring Harry?"
Pansy asked.
Morag was on the verge of shouting NO when she caught herself.
"Oh, why not?"
she said.
"He's an incorrigible goody-goody.
Might as well put him to use."
Pansy took her leave and returned to London.
She found Harry and Daphne at the office, locked in an inconclusive discussion of whether they wanted to go someplace for a meal.
Harry's do-gooder mind was spinning by the time Pansy finished her synopsis of how she'd spent the better part of the day.
When Pansy returned to Morag's cottage, she brought Daphne, who refused to let Pansy go back alone.
Next morning at seven, Harry appeared in the lane with Neville Longbottom and Blaise Zabini.
He led the way over the stile and walked up to knock on Morag's door.
A whitehaired man who looked to be eighty or thereabouts opened the door and stood there looking, first at Harry, then Blaise, then Neville.
"Aye?"
he said.
"It's okay, Angus, he's with me," said a female voice from inside.
"Oh, that's fine then, darlin,'" said Angus, his face turning radiant as he stepped back.
Daphne looked around the jamb.
"Well, come on in, then," she said.
"How was your trip?"
"Ah, we came by apparition, so…," said Harry, confused by the cosmology behind the question.
Once inside, the newly-arrived were taken around the cottage to meet the guests, most of whom were quite ancient.
Livia MacDougal was unusual only because she was over toward the right side of the magical longevity Bell Curve.
The group's center was also well to the right of the standard British magical's expected shelf life.
Harry looked around the cottage.
The plank table was full of food, except for one end that was covered by every kind of bottle and jar, most of them lacking a label describing the contents.
Judging by the supply of mugs, cups and glasses in a metal basin near the window the guests hadn't been worried that the unknown contents posed any danger.
Harry wondered how long the paying of respects had gone on, or if they'd begun and never stopped.
"Harry," said a voice.
"Neville.
Blaise."
"Pansy!"
they all answered, together.
"What can we do?"
Blaise asked.
"Harry met Livia," said Pansy.
"Did either of you?"
"I did," said Blaise.
"No, never did," said Neville.
"Gran knew her."
"Well, she's in her room," said Pansy.
"If you want to say good-bye.
Some witches will be handling arrangements.
They'll be here this morning, then tomorrow there will be a little memorial and burial in a churchyard not far from here."
"How's Morag?"
asked Harry.
"Doing well," Pansy answered.
"It was hard last night, of course.
She has built her life around Livia, especially the last two or three years.
Now the organizing principle is gone.
Why don't we go see her?
I think she'd like that."
Morag did like it.
Her classmates found her in Livia's room.
The wizards stood silently, paying their respects to an ancient witch who had completed her race.
When they'd finished, a round of hugs and condolences got Morag out of her chair and upright.
"I need a little air," she said.
Blaise led the group out into the other room, then Morag showed everyone the way to the back door.
Once outside they congregated around the bench beneath the trellis.
The morning glories had died and hung, brown and dried out, on the lattice.
Neville plucked a few pods and opened them up, dropping the seeds on the ground.
"Oh, much better," said Morag.
"What are you all doing here?
I told Pansy she could bring Harry back."
"Whatever you want done," said Blaise.
"We're entirely at your disposal."
"Oh, that's nice," said Morag.
"That's a first, for me.
Three fine wizards at my disposal."
One or two more exchanges went by before someone laughed at something someone said.
Pansy arrived and told about Livia's Shetland pony, Pansy, which got the human Pansy off to a wonderful start with Livia.
Daphne stepped outside and stopped to assist Angus with the step down to the ground, then walked at his pace out to the group around the bench.
"Everyone, this is my brother, Angus," said Morag.
"This is Harry, this is Neville, this is Blaise, Angus.
We were all classmates at Hogwarts."
"Ah, Hogwarts," said Angus.
"Doubt I could find my way to the Great Hall today."
"Of course you could," said Morag, "It never changes."
"Perhaps I could, with a lovely guide or two," said Angus, putting an arm around Daphne's waist.
When the witches arrived to take charge of Livia the family and friends lined up in respect and waited until the group disapparated with Livia's coffin.
There were a few moments while everyone stood, silent, looking back and forth at the faces around them.
Pansy and Daphne flanked Morag, arms laced across her back.
Daphne took Morag aside and made a case for going to Glasgow until she was needed at the church the next morning.
Morag protested.
She needed to clean inside, there was too much work, and so on.
Daphne caught Harry's eye and glanced off to the side and back.
Harry moved off in accord with Daphne's directions.
"Harry, can you summon Kreacher?
Morag is fretting about getting the cottage cleaned up.
She shouldn't have to be thinking about that right now," said Daphne.
"I don't know," Harry said.
"I've never tried from this distance, but there is one way to find out.
Kreacher, I need you."
The elf appeared before Harry and Daphne.
A few of the guests took notice but most didn't.
Now that Livia was gone the crowd was thinning steadily.
"Kreacher, we need to give some assistance to our friend, Healer Morag," Harry said.
"She just lost her mother, who had been living here for many years.
The friends and family came to pay their respects and left a bit of a mess."
Daphne thought Harry had handled things perfectly and gave both Harry and Kreacher a very pleased smile.
"We should make introductions," Harry said, nodding toward the bench where Morag sat, Pansy alongside holding Morag's hand.
Morag wasn't used to working with a house elf so she kept getting in the way, trying to do some household task.
Once she and Kreacher worked through that initial startup they became very efficient and the cottage was quickly made clean and neat.
Morag couldn't stop thanking Kreacher.
"Morag, I know it's too soon to pin you down on plans, but I need to share an idea…," Daphne began.
Harry began soliciting suggestions for a lunch venue as mid-day approached.
Daphne had elicited a promise from Morag to consider coming down to London and working for at least a few months.
She made her pitch in terms of a chance for Morag to reintegrate with the other healers along with the easy access to advanced healing courses in the city.
Around the time Daphne finished with Morag someone suggested getting some lunch at a magical pub in Glasgow.
No one had a better suggestion so the classmates proceeded to Glasgow by apparition.
The pub, being magical, had no obligation to put up football photos or trophies.
Thus the witches and wizards were relieved of the requirement to either mention or conceal their affinity for Celtic or Rangers.
"This is good," said Neville.
He'd just swallowed a bite from his sandwich and was preparing to wash it down with a splash of butterbeer.
"Mm-hmm," Harry said.
He'd ordered the same sandwich as Neville.
Blaise didn't say anything as he chewed.
He had a good angle on the plate glass window in the streetside wall and was watching the near distance outside, as it did nothing in particular.
"Good chips," said Harry.
He had put some brown sauce on his.
"Sauce good?"
asked Neville, who was partial to ketchup.
Harry held up the bottle so Neville could see the label of a popular, mass-produced condiment that graced shelf space in every supermarket in Britain.
"Same as the Leaky Cauldron's," Harry said.
"Figures," said Neville.
The witches, Morag, Pansy and Daphne, sat three across on one side of a booth.
Harry and Blaise occupied the opposite side.
Neville couldn't fit so he was in a chair on the end of the table opposite the wall.
With Livia's arrangements in the competent hands of some local witches, and the cottage cleaned by the hyper-efficient Kreacher, there wasn't any reason for Morag to stay by herself overnight.
Daphne suggested Morag return to London where she'd at least have someone to talk to.
Neville thought there would be a room at the Leaky Cauldron, if Morag could give him a little time to talk to Hannah.
"Don't worry about it, Neville, really," Pansy said.
"I've got space at my flat."
Plans kept evolving.
Harry extended an invitation to everyone for dinner at #12 Grimmauld Place.
Floo calls went out here and there.
The group from Glasgow convened and spread out through #12.
There wasn't a lot to do except drink tea or coffee and sit with Morag.
Pansy left her side only when one of them needed the powder room.
Seven o'clock found Morag, Pansy, Blaise, Neville, Hannah, Ron Weasley, Hermione Granger, Draco, Astoria and Daphne around the dining table.
Kreacher was a near-cyclonic presence, preparing, serving and clearing.
Harry spoke to Kreacher in the kitchen beforehand.
In recognition of the solemnity of the occasion and out of respect for Madam Livia, Harry asked that Kreacher use the very best of the Black china and silverware.
Kreacher swelled with pride.
"Of course, Lord Harry," he said before disapparating to a storage area, whence he brought back crested china and silverware.
Harry had seen some of the pieces before, and some he hadn't.
Sirius and Regulus nodded and muttered, "Pleased to meet you," when Harry introduced everyone.
They mugged a little at some comments they considered insipid, but overall they were well-behaved.
An afternoon with a supportive group of contemporaries was apparently just what Morag needed.
She had a few teary moments but there had always been a witch nearby to pick up a hand or lay an arm across her shoulder.
Eventually the group was reduced to Harry, Daphne, Pansy and Morag.
"How are we doing this in the morning?"
Harry asked.
"We all know the way," said Pansy.
"Why don't we meet at the cottage?"
Morag nodded.
"Done," said Harry.
"Do you need anything we have here?"
"I'm pretty well-stocked," said Pansy.
"What about something to wear tomorrow?"
Morag was substantially larger, in all her dimensions, than Pansy, and couldn't help laughing.
"Oh, you don't want me borrowing from your closet?"
she asked.
"Even with expansion charms…No," said Pansy.
"I'm good," said Morag.
"There are a few things at Livia's.
I can get dressed there."
Conversation wound down and the pair took the floo from #12 Grimmauld Place.
Harry looked at Daphne.
"Want to stay?
We didn't get around to talking about that," said Harry.
"I think not," Daphne answered.
"I can't go tomorrow.
Work.
You'll represent the two of us.
It's best if I go home.
Harry, this has been quite a day.
Thank-you for including me."
Harry looked at Daphne.
She looked back.
"We've been doing a good deal of including," Harry said.
"We have," Daphne agreed.
"I've been enjoying it," Harry announced.
"I'm glad, because I've enjoyed it very much," said Daphne.
"Do you want to keep going?"
"Yes," Harry said.
"If you have to ask, I'll make more of an effort to communicate."
"Oh, communication," said Daphne.
She stepped closer, pulling Harry to her.
"Even if one's wizard doesn't communicate, it is almost as good hearing him say he wants to do more.
His heart is in the right place."
Harry listened, doing his best to parse Daphne's commentary, finally deciding he had done something right, in her estimation.
He resolved to communicate his desire for communication on a more regular basis.
"Well, then," Harry said, leaning back enough to be able to see Daphne's face.
He leaned forward and kissed Daphne's lips.
When they pulled apart Harry didn't let go, instead putting his head next to Daphne's while he continued to hug her.
"You were wonderful today, with Morag," he said.
"I heard you fussing over her, trying to recruit her.
I wished I'd had some humanitarian award in my pocket to give to you, right there in front of everyone."
"Ha," said Daphne.
"It was equal parts self-dealing.
We need the help.
I'm seeing patients in the office tomorrow and working emergency from three to eleven."
"You were the hostess for dinner, too," Harry said.
"I was watching you, keeping an eye on the food, sending Kreacher for another pitcher of water for the table.
You just did it.
I know I need help with those kinds of things."
"I'm happy to do it, Harry," said Daphne.
"I like doing it, I like doing it for you and your guests and I really like hearing you say that you noticed."
"We need to talk some things over," Harry said.
"We do," said Daphne.
"And we will.
There's no rush, is there?
Can we do this for a little longer?
We are still getting to know one another, again, after, after…all that other."
"For as long as you want," Harry said.
He let go, leaned back and gave Daphne another kiss on her lips.
"'Night," he said.
"'Night," said Daphne, stepping into Harry's fireplace, and the green flame.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-seven Morag Resettled Pansy and Morag got around early the next morning so they could get to Livia's cottage ahead of everyone else.
Morag hadn't shopped seriously for several years but she had a very nice Navy suit and a nearly-new robe.
Both had been purchased before Morag devoted herself to Livia full-time, so they were a little out of date.
The suit was snug when she put it on, but Pansy was handy with those kinds of charms and expanded the skirt and jacket a bit.
"What do you think?"
Pansy asked.
Morag was turning side to side, trying to assess herself in a small mirror that hung on the wall.
"Looks like the tailor just finished," Morag said.
"Thank-you!"
"Must look our best for Mother Livia's sendoff," said Pansy.
"Morag, I wish Harry had sent me last year.
Livia was a delight."
"Me too," Morag said.
"I'm still amazed I'm even here.
We didn't see a lot of people, other than family, when I was growing up.
I don't know how old I was when I discovered there were people whose parents were twenty years older than them.
I do remember thinking that was very odd, a classmate having parents younger than my brothers and sisters."
"Oh, Morag, that is so…" Pansy started to laugh.
"Magical!"
The mourners from the day before began to congregate at the cottage.
Harry and the other Londoners mixed with Morag and the Scottish contingent.
Fresh hampers were stored on the counter and under the big plank table, ready for a post-funeral lunch.
Some of the party walked the few miles to the church, although most went by apparition.
Angus was disappointed Daphne hadn't made it up from London, but he managed a 'Bless her' when Harry said she was seeing patients.
Livia hadn't left instructions for a funeral.
Morag and her siblings all agreed their mother would possibly tolerate a little remembrance or sendoff ceremony at graveside, but more than that would be unnecessary frippery.
The young, understanding minister at the church dispensed with his gown and presided instead in a charcoal suit and black tie, leading his little temporary flock through the service for the dead.
He spoke for a few minutes about Livia's life and example, how she and her last husband were remembered in the neighborhood for their openness and unfailing charity for all.
The service concluded and everyone was invited back to the cottage for lunch.
The hampers were unpacked and the unlabeled bottles and jars reappeared, all refreshed from their good night's sleep.
Some people had boxes and bags with food and more bottles they put in a designated area for Morag to keep for later.
"So you don't have to cook, dear," Harry heard one family friend say.
"You'll need something tonight."
Angus assumed the duties of the host at the collection at one end of the table and sampling from the bottles and jars commenced a little ahead of the uncovering of the bowls and platters of food.
Harry saw a tableware emergency looming and summoned Kreacher.
The elf outperformed all reasonable expectations once again, reveling in the opportunity for giving his elf magic a serious workout.
The post-service reception went on for about two hours.
Everyone seemed to be in a mood of respectful calm mixed with joy at having been in Livia's circle of friends and family.
They respected her as a witch and marveled at her longevity.
Everyone agreed she'd had a good life.
There were lots of stories.
Morag took all the encomiums with a little salt.
She had to be tolerant.
Most of the people present hadn't spent a great deal of time with Livia over the last few years, as Morag had.
They didn't see her lying in bed, day after day, barely able to communicate, able to walk outside only with the aid of Morag's arm firmly around her waist.
Still, commentary from the likes of Angus were continually lifting the mood.
"She had a good, long life," observed a grand-niece, coming close to quoting Morag.
She was with a group standing about in the back yard, respectfully doing their smoking outside, away from the cottage.
"Consternation, Drusilla!"
said Angus.
"I'VE had a good, long life.
Mother had a good, long century.
Then she added a long century on top of the good one."
Angus was actually the last of the visitors to leave.
He fell asleep at some point, under the morning glories.
Morag, Pansy and Harry were the only others left.
Pansy looked at Morag, questioning, what to do?
"I am tempted to leave him right there," said Morag.
Angus' great, sawmill-worthy snore provided punctuation.
"I can get Kreacher back and he can take him home with us.
I might have to explain to Angus where he is when he wakes up," Harry said.
"Oh, Angus, Merlin love you," said Morag.
"Help me get him upright and I'll drop him at his place.
Then I'll come back here and we can all go on together."
Harry and Pansy waited under the morning glories while Morag saw her brother home.
"Going to be cooling off," Harry observed.
"I always liked Scotland when we went back to school," said Pansy.
She wore a blue blazer over a long pleated gray wool skirt, with everything topped off by a black cape.
The air was getting cooler as the afternoon waned, and Pansy snugged her cape a little tighter around her arms and torso.
"The late summer was about gone and the autumn smells were starting to come on.
The afternoon light put gilt on everything it touched.
I liked to take a blanket outside to the hill and look at all of you flying around at quidditch practice.
It all made me feel so magical, like a witch.
Even though I'd grown up with a witch and a wizard for parents, with an elf and a manor, something about sitting there with the castle behind me and the quidditch teams flying around on brooms seemed other-worldly to me.
Did you ever feel that?
Does that even make sense?"
"Of course," Harry said.
"That first time when you're little and you surprise yourself with some child magic, how can you not feel that way?
Did you wet yourself the first time it happened to you?"
"Harry Potter!"
exclaimed Pansy.
Harry started to laugh.
"Me too, if that's any comfort," he said.
"It came and went, though," Harry went on.
"The sorting ceremony as a first year was one of those occasions.
All fifth year I was definitely in the zone.
I became a wizard that year.
Dumbledore and McGonagall were boxed in, it was me against Umbridge, or so I thought.
When Neville discovered the Room of Requirement and we'd all go in there and duel, and I taught a bunch of people to cast a corporeal patronus, and it was totally underground.
That was magical, as magical as it gets.
Like we were back in the days of persecution, keeping the craft alive, one step ahead of the witch-hunters."
"Oh," said Pansy, "Oh my.
Ah, sorry about that.
I, um, was on the other side.
Inquisitorial Squad.
Working for Umbridge."
"I know," said Harry.
"Someone had to be the fox, someone had to be the hounds.
Bigger forces were at work.
I can see that now.
The Squad did well, much better than the Toad deserved.
I only wish I'd been able to shape things more competently, to keep the damage minimal, if you know what I mean."
They sat, leaning back on the bench, legs stretched straight out in front, letting the conversation find its own course.
"Why was that your responsibility?
You did more than anyone did, Harry," protested Pansy after she'd thought over Harry's comments.
"What if Gregory Goyle had been the one to be born with your power and capabilities?
Merlin, I hate to think about it."
"You're very kind," Harry said, as Morag arrived, back from her errand.
"Angus down for the night?"
Harry asked.
"I got the old reprobate back to his house and propped him up in his favorite chair and he woke up!"
Morag said.
"Just like that.
Demanded to know what I was doing next and I told him I was going down to London and he decided right there that he'd like to come along.
The only way I got him to agree to stay where he was, was to promise I'd visit in the next two or three days and we'd plan a trip together.
Do you think Neville and Hannah would have a room for him?"
Morag was clearly distressed at the thought of her kilt-clad country bumpkin eighty-year-old brother on the loose in London.
Harry was very careful not to show amusement at her plight, nor to make unfillable promises.
Still, if Angus MacDougal wanted a holiday in magical London, why not give the old wizard a treat?
He probably hadn't had an overabundance of those in his life.
"Tell you what, Morag," Harry began as he stood up.
"We'll work with you on it, and we'll support you and Angus in whatever you want to do.
Right?"
Pansy nodded.
"Unless he wants to stay with me," she added.
"Well, sure, Pansy," said Morag.
"Kind of goes without saying, really."
Pansy brought Morag to the office the next morning.
Harry summoned Kreacher and asked for a carafe of coffee and another of tea.
He had room for the group so he invited them both in, hoping to develop a little information so he could see if there was a way to help Morag with her transition to her new life.
Livia had been her only focus for years, and now that focus was gone.
"What's on the schedule today?"
Harry asked, trying to make it sound like a casual inquiry between people who knew one another a bit better than he knew Morag.
"Daphne wanted to talk about work," Morag said.
"I don't know what she has in mind.
There is healing, and then there is healing.
She was telling me about her private practice.
I know her patients need a healer as much as anyone else, but it sounds a bit rarefied.
Maybe I'm being judgmental.
St. Mungo's is different.
I had a mentor there while I was working toward my qualifications.
It might be better to look there, first."
"Sure, that all makes sense," Harry said.
"Don't sell yourself short, though.
You're an expert on the elderly witch and wizard, aren't you?
Just inside your own family…" Morag looked up, sharply, and Harry thought he'd given some serious offense.
Then she started to laugh, a good, strong belly laugh, holding her coffee mug out over the floor so as not to spill on anyone.
"Nailed it, Harry," she said.
"And there are an abundance of those around London, I'd say."
"So true," said Pansy, nodding.
She reached over and patted Morag's forearm.
"What are you going to need to be ready to start work?"
Harry asked.
"I assume you have some things up north you'll be bringing down?"
"Not much," said Morag.
"A few clothes.
A standard healer's bag, with all the little potion vials and miniature apothecary jars.
I could stand to shop, just a few London clothes, but I have to start making some money first."
Harry looked at Pansy, who gave a subtle shake of her head.
"Well, then, later," Harry said, reaching for the dirty china but keeping his eyes on Pansy, who smiled and nodded.
"Lunch at #12?"
Harry asked as the witches rose to leave.
"Kreacher brought the leftovers there.
I need help, and lots of it."
Daphne had worked the three-to-eleven shift at St. Mungo's the night before, so she slept late that morning.
Pansy had an owl pecking on her window at ten, though, which must have been late enough because Daphne didn't express any objections when they all congregated at #12 Grimmauld Place at noon.
Harry intended to stay out of the way and let Daphne try working some wiles on Morag.
Then he'd need to see what it would take to assess Morag's financial situation.
Harry didn't know how to go about it, but he wanted to make sure Morag didn't have to live a life of penury while she was getting back on her feet.
From what Pansy had told him it sounded like Morag had not had a steady salary coming in for at least the past three years.
Kreacher and Daphne gave Morag the royal treatment at lunch.
A number of the mourners sent blocks of cheese in their food packets and there was a choice of domestic and imported wine as well.
Morag would take a sip of red, put her glass down, bite into a cracker topped with cheddar, and a snap of Kreacher's fingers saw to the refill.
In between Kreacher's ministrations, Daphne leaned toward Morag, patting a hand, laying the tip of her index finger on a forearm, telling an anecdote about a colleague.
"Didn't you say you and Healer Bruce studied together?
I saw him just yesterday…," Daphne said, letting the conversation meander.
"…So if you'd like to come on rounds with me tomorrow…," Daphne finished up.
"Daphne, I really so appreciate that," said Morag.
"I, uh, do you think the suit I was wearing is acceptable, because I haven't shopped properly, with Mother the way she was."
"Of course, you looked stunning!"
said Daphne.
"I'll fix you up with a standard jacket for protective coloration if you're worried."
"Can't fault your logic," said Morag.
"I would like to do rounds at St. Mungo's again."
Harry signaled for Kreacher to start with some of the proper dishes, the casseroles and pot pies.
Morag was solidly-built and used to putting in a long day's work, keeping house for two while providing 24-hour care for Livia.
She tried to do justice to all of the dishes Kreacher had brought to London from Livia's cottage, but even she had her limits.
"Enough!"
Morag said with a laugh.
"I am going to have to make a serious effort to reconfigure my living habits.
I could never sit at the table this long before something needed to be done.
This is going to require some discipline."
"Take your time," said Harry.
"It is all going to fall into place."
"You're sure?"
Morag asked, making a skeptical face.
"Of course, Morag," said Daphne.
"You've shown you've got it in you."
A number of things did fall into place over the next few weeks.
Morag was offered a very agreeable schedule at St. Mungo's, joining Daphne and a few colleagues in the emergency section.
Harry and Pansy reinvented the concept of gift cards for the magical world.
Harry gave Pansy two hundred galleons.
Pansy took one hundred to Madame Malkin and one hundred to Twillfits and Tattings and deposited them so Morag could order some new clothes for herself.
Pansy told Morag it was Harry's idea, perhaps a little bent, of a housewarming present.
Morag started saving up to get a flat.
Pansy assured her she could stay as long as she wanted.
Morag insisted Pansy accept a small contribution, beginning her first payday, for the extra household expenses.
Healers are in demand and well-rewarded in the magical world, so it wasn't long and Morag was in a position to rent her own place, a two-bedroom with a fair kitchen and a very nice bath in a good building near St. Mungo's.
Things settled down so satisfactorily that Morag was able to fulfill her promise to Angus to bring him down for a visit.
Harry insisted he had more than enough room and needed the company.
Angus was thrilled to be staying at #12 Grimmauld Place, legendary London seat of the famous Black clan.
Harry thought he would be hosting Angus, who'd be a fish out of water in London, for a week, or less.
Harry anticipated a few restaurant meals, a visit to the Leaky Cauldron, perhaps a dinner in Angus' honor.
He got a few things righ.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-eight The Seduction of Walburga Black Angus MacDougal was very handy and an accomplished wizard.
He kept busy when left alone at Grimmauld Place by carrying out a thorough house inspection and passing his findings on to Harry.
Kreacher showed a little annoyance once or twice, because he perceived Angus to be a busybody who was calling attention to Kreacher's professional shortcomings.
Harry had private talks with both Kreacher and Angus, who made extra efforts to compliment Kreacher on nearly everything more complicated than breathing.
Harry strongly urged Kreacher to see Angus as a valued resource for his expertise in buildings and maintenance, since fixing little things when they appear pays big dividends when they don't turn into major structural issues later.
Angus worked his way down to the dungeon at the beginning of his second week in London.
He had the grace and good sense to wait until he could get Harry to take him down because he assumed Kreacher would be very sensitive about having such an accumulation of debris in #12.
The plan was to take everything up to the main floor, then out to the garden for sorting.
Kreacher's gardening elf colleagues were recruited to assist with trash disposal, in return for a promise of a full day of work in the Potter Manor gardens for each load of trash hauled.
The sorting began as a chore and ended up a treasure hunt.
A fine portrait of Walburga, and two young boys, presumably Sirius and Regulus, turned up with a badly damaged frame.
No other flaw could be found.
"Odd," said Harry.
"Why didn't they have it reframed?"
asked Angus.
They were still in the very dim light in the dungeon and might have been missing something.
"Let's get it up into some better light," Harry said.
"Oh, this feels good!"
said Angus, climbing the stairs.
"You're free to levitate or do something else if it would be easier," said Harry.
"Don't stand on ceremony."
"Oh, be real, lad," said Angus.
"Up and down hill on foot is the best means of travel for any variety of human.
I'm having fun.
I'll let you know when the props are giving out."
The figures in the portrait started stirring as soon as the portrait reached the kitchen.
"The salon, I think," said Harry.
"The light is good this time of day."
They leaned the frame against a chair, taking care not to let the canvas bear any weight.
"Hello," Harry said, addressing the three figures in the portrait.
"What a lovely portrait.
I recognize you as Walburga Black, and are these young scions your sons?"
Walburga sniffed, looking around in all directions.
"Have we been sold?"
she asked, clearly uninterested in answering Harry's question.
"This looks like some twee muggle gallery.
That fireplace is alright.
We had one in our home that looked like it.
I hope you sell us to a witch or a wizard, at least.
I cannot abide muggles."
"You aren't going to be sold, Madam," said Harry.
"We've just brought you upstairs from…the, um…secure storage.
We need you here with the family."
"What family?"
Walburga asked.
"Who are you?
What's the address here?"
"You're at #12 Grimmauld Place, London," Harry said, "My name is Harry Potter.
I know there have been some changes that might disorient you, so may I suggest you move to your portrait in the front hall and commune with yourself over there?
Madam Walburga will be thrilled to see you again, I'm sure."
"Harry Potter?
Any relation to that muggle-loving James Potter?"
Sirius started to get jumpy.
"You're Harry?"
he asked.
"I am," Harry said.
"You and Regulus have portraits in the dining room if you'd like to go over there and catch up.
This has been downstairs.
Angus and I just brought it up.
I don't know how long it's been down there."
"POTTER!"
exclaimed Walburga.
"What are you doing in #12 Grimmauld Place?
I wouldn't let your father cross my threshold and I'm not inclined to allow you to, either."
Harry looked at Angus, who was studying something on the wall that didn't include Harry.
"Madam Walburga," said Harry, "You really are going to have to spend a little time with a portrait who is up to date.
So much has changed since you went into seclusion, I'm afraid it's bound to be disorienting."
"Just tell me what you're doing here, Potter!"
demanded Walburga.
"Very well, Madam, I am Harry Potter, and I am Lord Black."
"Ahhhhh—iiieeeeeee!"
howled Walburga.
"How-How?…NO!
NEVER!
Wand!
Wand!
Someone give me a wand!"
Angus looked at Harry, shaking his head.
His cheeks puffed and he blew his breath out through pursed lips.
The old wizard appeared to be steeling himself for something.
"Walburga, be QUIET," said Angus, suddenly the voice of authority.
"Please.
Now."
"Who are YOU?"
demanded Walburga.
She might have been a painting but she was snorting and popping like a real thoroughbred.
Sirius and Regulus were nearly bouncing up and down.
The looks on their faces said they were having the best time ever, watching their mother get more and more wound up.
"Walburga, look at me," said Angus.
"It's Angus.
MacDougal.
I'm alive and I'm right here at #12 Grimmauld Place, in London, with young Harry.
Take a good look."
"Angus?"
said Walburga, suddenly subdued.
Her voice could have been that of a schoolgirl.
"Angus?
Oh, Angus, what has happened to you?"
pleaded Walburga.
"Is this because…" "Not because anything, Walburga," said Angus.
"I've gotten old, that's all.
It's been at least forty of fifty years since someone put you away.
This is all going to be very confusing for you.
No one came to see you in all this time, I gather."
Angus looked at the other portrait of Walburga under its crepe, but the drape was opaque and he couldn't tell if the figure was awake.
"There is so much for you to take in, we have to be careful, Walburga," said Angus, no longer the crusty octogenarian from the other side of Hadrian's Wall.
He sounded more like a very considerate friend.
He could have been a boyfriend.
"None of us are as resilient as we used to be.
You don't want to give yourself an overload and go dormant.
Young Harry and his bride will need your oversight and guidance, won't they?"
"Oh, Angus, gentle as ever," said Walburga.
"You know you were always my favorite suitor, don't you?"
"So you said, Walburga," Angus agreed, "So you said.
I believed you, and I still do.
Not a single day goes by…And you and I will have to sit down, alone, and have a long, private talk while I'm here.
Just not right now, we really do have to be careful with you.
Now, Harry, if there is an easel around, we might put Walburga and her lads right here and let them observe the comings and goings and get used to how things look again."
"That's an excellent idea, Angus," said Harry.
"Kreacher!"
Within minutes Harry had the Blacks on their easel with a good view of the salon.
Sirius and Regulus had shuttled back and forth between the salon and their portraits in the dining room.
Sirius and Regulus from the dining room soon lodged their first formal complaint about themselves, causing Harry to have a talk with everyone about the Golden Rule.
"We are young, and so annoying," Dining Room Regulus said.
"So?"
said Harry.
"How do we learn?"
"Put them away, can't you?"
Dining Room Sirius pleaded.
"I'm not sure what the metaphysics of complying with your request would be, Sirius," said Harry.
"We're in unknown territory here.
Now that you're reconnected, I have to consider the effect on the two of you for anything I might do with or to them.
Don't you think?
I do have a plan, in the early stages, and I think it will keep everyone out of everyone's hair, if you can just give me a day or two, until I think it over and talk to one or two people.
Did you ever learn patience?"
"No," they both said.
"Then we'll all learn together," Harry noted.
That put things to rest, at least temporarily.
"Should we do a bit more, then, Angus?"
Harry said, leaving for the stairs without waiting for an answer.
"You know Walburga?"
asked Harry when they'd gotten around the corner and headed downstairs.
"Aye," said Angus.
"She was a few years ahead of me, but I thought she was the most beautiful witch at Hogwarts.
Still do, if you want to know.
Of course, she'd have been laughed out of school if she'd taken up with me there, but the year after she finished, Fate threw us together, in an agreeable environment.
Summer love!
Then her family got her engaged to her cousin and I was out.
I went to Hogwarts through my sixth year and that's when I enlisted.
It was just after the muggles' second war.
We did some colonial garrisons and peacekeeping here and there.
I enjoyed soldiering.
I liked the travel and it was an agreeable occupation for a Scot.
It gave me something to think about besides brooding on my Walburga troubles.
Then the muggle Defence Ministry demobilized us in some economy measure or other and just like that I was a reservist, so back I went to a wizard's life in Scotland.
Thank Merlin for my baby sister."
"I didn't mean to pry," said Harry.
"I apologize if I was excessively forward.
Still, what a story."
"The irony hasn't escaped me," Angus drawled.
Harry moved some detritus and pulled out a prize.
"Hmm…silver teapot," said Harry.
"Better be careful.
Revelio."
Harry passed his wand over the ornate teapot and was mildly gratified when nothing happened.
Kreacher had rejoined them and was looking on.
"Anything?"
Harry asked, offering the teapot to the elf.
"Cursed?
Jinxed?
Remember this piece at all?"
"It is very old, Master," said Kreacher.
"Perhaps with some polishing it would be useable.
Kreacher does not sense any magic occupying the teapot.
Kreacher does not remember seeing it before."
"Take it up, then, why don't you?"
said Harry.
"I think we've done enough for one day.
Angus, what about some lunch?"
Harry was thinking of the Leaky Cauldron, but Angus waved him off.
"My treat," said Angus.
"Let me wash up."
Harry suspended judgment while he, too washed up, then met Angus in the foyer.
"Let's floo, Harry," said Angus.
They stepped into the fireplace.
Angus dropped his floo powder.
"Burns," he said.
Harry didn't have time to reflect on the nature of a floo address called 'Burns' before they stepped out of a fireplace in a walnut-paneled salon/dining room.
The décor was sparse except for an abundance of portraits.
The ancient, overstuffed leather easy chairs looked ready and eager to cradle a wizard for a week, if he had the time.
There were a few large portraits of men and women in embroidered robes and conical hats, some holding a wand or a flask, others a book, dividers or a sheet of parchment.
Harry formed a tentative working assumption that they were witches and wizards.
By extension, Angus must have taken him to a magical club.
He wondered if they were still in London.
"You might not know the Sassenach learned how to organize a decent club from the clubmen of Edinburgh," said Angus.
"This one is for our sort, wizards and witches, of course.
We need a place of respite when we're down here in all the miasma."
Angus gestured toward the largest portrait.
"Our namesake was magical, did you know that?"
"Not to my knowledge," Harry replied.
"His poetry is magical, even if I need a translator to understand it.
Guess that's logical.
You're a member here?"
"The clubs are independent, but we're all correspondents," said Angus.
"Is this alright?
Ready to sit down?"
"Absolutely," said Harry.
He looked around and saw the lounge was separated from the dining tables by the most ephemeral screen, constructed mostly of eccentric, turned dowels.
The thing seemed to shimmer, and Harry wondered if it was enchanted or if the turner had simply been skilled enough to bring the effect out of ordinary wood.
"I take it you haven't been here before?"
Angus asked.
"Haven't heard of it before," said Harry.
"This is really something."
A staffer wearing black trousers, a white shirt, white apron and a black tie, all topped off with a standard black robe, hovered nearby with a pair of menu cards.
"Near the window?
Something more private?"
asked the waiter.
"Right here is fine with me," said Angus.
"Harry?"
"Certainly," said Harry.
They sat down and Harry was pleased to discover a nearby window looked out on a well-tended garden.
Harry and Angus ordered and leaned back in their chairs.
"Well, Angus, I had no idea," Harry said.
"This has been here all along, right under my nose."
"We learn something every day, if we aren't careful," Angus observed.
"I'm so grateful you invited me down to London, Harry.
I might have begun to brood on Mother and mortality and all of that if you'd left me alone up there."
"We all need to get broken out of our molds now and then," said Harry.
"I'm going to impose on you for a little help with Walburga."
"Happy to do it," said Angus, "Now, about the Blacks…" Harry had to give Angus an extended briefing on his history with the Blacks, Sirius, Sirius' will, and Harry's descent from Dorea.
Angus, in turn, delivered a detailed account of his long infatuation with Walburga and what he had learned of her family through their association.
"Some of them found it hard to swallow, as you would expect, but they all seem to acknowledge me now," Harry said.
"I'm still figuring out the house, with Kreacher's help.
We just dug those two small portraits out a short while ago.
Sirius and Regulus give out the information freely but they died so young they really didn't have a chance to master much of the family magic.
They barely touched on the theoretical parts.
They know their jinxes, though."
Angus, for his part, was a wealth of information on Walburga, how lovely she'd been when she was younger, then her gradual change to something of a harridan as the result of all the expectations of her parents, who were just passing down the prejudices and bad information they had been spoon-fed by their own parents, and on and on.
"The first time I saw her was at my Sorting Ceremony and I was hooked," Angus said.
"How ridiculous is that?
At eleven!
I guess she was fourteen or fifteen, it's been so long I can't remember if she was three or four years older than me.
I just admired her from across the Great Hall at mealtimes, of course.
Then, the summer after she finished, she spent several weeks with one of her cousins up my way, and we had a little time together.
It started out with a walk.
When you walk, you talk.
I confessed I had noticed her, and she did the same.
What a shock that was."
Angus' voice dropped in volume, but if anything it picked up in intensity.
"It was a revelation.
To me, Walburga Black was a goddess, motion picture star and Morgan le Fay, all in one package.
Oh, that's my old self speaking, I suppose.
She was honest.
We had to keep our heads because talks were already underway to marry her to another Black, a second cousin, so she would have to be a loyal wife with no outside interests distracting her from her duty."
Angus stopped to take a long pull on his water tumbler.
"I finished my sixth year, looked around Scotland and didn't see a lot there that would distract me from the Walburga fixation, and enlisted in my regiment.
That was probably the smartest thing I've ever done.
It got me completely away from Britain and let Walburga settle into the life of a magical London matron.
I even got in a bit of field work.
Our duties weren't onerous so when I got a little leave I'd go out and scout around for a wizard.
Managed to meet at least one every place I went with the Army.
I maintain correspondence with several wizards in East Africa to this day.
Never completely forgot Walburga, though."
Angus took a piece of bread from the basket.
"I can tell.
She never forgot you, either," Harry observed.
"Judging by her reaction when you introduced yourself.
She completely transformed."
"So she lost her two boys?"
asked Angus.
"Yes," said Harry.
"Regulus pledged his loyalty to Voldemort, then changed his mind.
He died trying to undo something he'd had a hand in.
Sirius died in the Department of Mysteries.
Some of us were in a little dustup with some Death Eaters and Bellatrix got around his guard.
Bitch."
Lunch had arrived and Harry picked up his silverware.
"Walburga was gone by then, of course.
Sirius was in Azkaban when she died."
"Shame," said Angus.
"Shame.
Well, what were you thinking of doing with her?
I could see you didn't want to get out ahead of yourself."
"Oh," Harry said.
"I've got this country place.
It's Potter Manor, came down in the family as those do.
The portraits are all Potters and the other ancestral types.
I've got one Black, my great-grandmother Dorea.
She's great but she was in bad odor with her own generation of Blacks for marrying into the Potters, so she is really more Potter than Black by now.
I was thinking if I took this Walburga to the manor I'd have her there to consult with.
In case I get caught in a siege or something."
"You couldn't do better," said Angus.
"Even in school she was powerful.
From the bits and pieces I heard over the years she kept working on her magic.
Her portrait probably knows more ways to make an enemy's life miserable than the combination of all the witches living today."
"See?"
said Harry.
"Just what I need out there.
It never hurts to get a second opinion.
I'll just be careful where I put her so she isn't lathered up at her neighbors all the time."
The talk went on through lunch, changing directions several times.
Angus liked fly fishing for trout and salmon.
He forswore using magic to increase his catch.
Harry had a stream that was supposed to have trout.
Angus quoted some Burns.
Harry asked for some more, if Angus could remember any.
That got him a squinted eye and excerpts from several poems.
Harry confessed a love of Shakespeare, with a special affinity for Macbeth.
Angus loved Macbeth as well, with the caveat that the Scotland depicted in the play generally had no bearing on the reality of Scotland.
Harry said that stood to reason, the play being a play and not history.
"Ah, but it is history, in its own way," said Angus.
"The witch on the left?
My several times great-grandmother.
Morag's too.
Ask her."
He sounded completely sincere.
It was nearly two in the afternoon when they stepped out of the fireplace at #12 Grimmauld Place.
Harry looked at the portrait and saw the three Blacks were sleeping.
Feeling disappointed in himself for being inconsiderate, he waved a hand at the windows, closing some heavy curtains and plunging the salon into near-darkness.
Harry was a bit rueful to admit he had forgotten to take such a simple, Golden Rule action before leaving.
Angus noted that he needed a short nap after lunch to be his best later in the day and went looking for Kreacher.
When he found him, he queried the elf on the whereabouts of the hampers of food and beverages they'd brought down from Livia's.
Equipped with a glass holding just a finger of amber liquid for swirling purposes, Angus found a comfortable chair in the rear drawing room and sat down with the Daily Prophet.
Harry left Angus to his post-lunch ritual, located Kreacher himself, and advised he'd be at Potter Manor if anyone needed him.
Potter Manor was structurally sound.
What it needed more than anything was to be lived in.
Little maintenance needs were coalescing and threatening to become projects.
The portraits were spending too much time under their drapes, bored, although not bored to death, exactly, since the subjects were already dead, in a metabolic sense.
Harry knew the manor craved residents from his reading of the Potter grimoires.
There were no chapters demanding that Lord Potter marry and start a family posthaste, but the implication was there.
He was the head of a family, one that had nearly gone extinct, and the family magic wasn't at all shy.
The question was, as it is so many times: "What to do about it?"
Daphne was fine with getting back together.
Harry felt, and told Daphne, that he thought of their history as getting started, briefly, then taking something like a gap year to reassess, then getting back together to continue with renewed vigor.
Daphne thought that funny.
She didn't use the same words as Harry but she said much the same thing.
Daphne was also fine with continuing as they were.
They saw one another several times a week.
Harry would do domestic things for Daphne, while Daphne prepared a meal for the two of them.
They studied family magic together, alternating between the Greengrass and Potter grimoires.
It was nice and comfortable.
They had each domesticated themselves, or cooperatively domesticated one another, over the past months.
Harry didn't feel like pushing Daphne.
She thought they were moving forward at a reasonable pace, so he resolved to let her determine their speed.
The last thing either of them wanted was to go through another breakup.
That left Harry caught in the middle, between his determination to let Daphne have her head, take all the time they both needed, and start life together on a firm foundation, and the competing desire, almost a compulsion, to make Daphne Lady Potter and emplace her on the throne of his family seat.
Then, he felt, they could begin the process of immersing themselves in their ultimate project of melding the Greengrass with the Potter, forging the stronger Damascus blade from the harder and softer steels, loving and being loved in the warmth of their new family.
Of course, Daphne was still fine, at the time of their last, tip-toeing conversation on the topic, with continuing as they were.
Harry walked through the old house, making a list of things to do.
Once he completed his circuit, he had a mental list, which he converted to a proper list on parchment that he attached to the wall in the breakfast room, using a handy adhesive charm he'd learned from Hermione.
She swore it was non-marking and would not damage any wall surface.
"Right, then," Harry thought.
"First things first.
Kreacher!"
Harry treated Kreacher to a good two hours of cleaning and minor maintenance.
They pre-staged the entire collection of Potter Manor silver in preparation for really extending Kreacher's house elf magic with a mass polishing.
Harry checked the completed items off his list.
"That's enough for today, Kreacher," said Harry when he judged they'd done enough.
Kreacher tried to conceal his disappointment.
"Give me a chance to talk to Daphne and the others.
If I don't have commitments we'll come again tomorrow."
Kreacher brightened up, a lot.
Angus was finished napping when the pair returned to #12 Grimmauld Place.
"An owl brought you something," said Angus, gesturing toward the mantle.
"Oh, it's from Daphne," said Harry as he picked up a small note card.
"Feel like going out tonight?
With Morag, Pansy and Daphne?"
Angus thought that sounded like a fine idea.
Harry responded by owl.
Daphne arrived a bit after five .
.
Morag and Pansy weren't far behind.
Harry introduced the witches to the recently-rediscovered Walburga, Sirius and Regulus.
Walburga probed a bit and discovered two of the witches had been in Slytherin House.
She looked at Harry, her expression frosty, but less frosty than before.
Were her fundamental assumptions being challenged by facts?
Going out for something to eat started to get complicated when no one could make a decision on where to go.
"Fine," said Harry at last.
"I'll take full responsibility.
We are all dressed appropriately for the Dragon, so we're having Asian Fusion tonight."
The Dragon was a fine choice.
Angus appreciated noodles and stir-fries and steamed vegetables but those kinds of restaurants were scarce in his part of Scotland.
The witches seemed to know someone in every party that came through the door, resulting in a steady stream of visitors to their table.
Harry and Angus escaped notice and were free to keep their attention on their plates.
"Excellent decision, Harry," Angus said as they walked toward their apparition point.
"Thank-you for dinner."
"Same to you, Angus," said Harry.
"Thank-you for lunch."
Morag must have surmised Angus' treat meant they'd gone to the Burns Club because she gave them both a very skeptical look.
Apparently, a London club for magical Scots embodied more complications than Morag wanted at lunchtime.
Morag and Pansy left for Pansy's flat while Angus and Daphne came back to #12 with Harry.
Kreacher hurried through the welcoming formalities to give Harry some actual news.
"Madam Walburga asked for a word with you, Lord Harry, whenever you should return."
Harry looked at his elf, trying to read him.
Walburga's portrait in the front hall was behind its crepe.
If it awoke behind the drape it could scream and shout but it usually didn't do so.
Harry looked into the salon and saw Walburga was wide awake in the portrait on the easel.
The boys didn't look happy.
Harry wondered what he was facing.
"Madam Walburga, you wanted to speak to me?"
Harry asked as he entered.
He looked over his shoulder.
Daphne and Angus were close enough to listen in.
Harry couldn't think of anything he wanted to hide from either of them.
"Potter, put us back, wherever you dug us out from."
Walburga didn't ask, she ordered.
"Madam," said Harry, "We're all cousins.
Distant, perhaps.
You're family.
Sirius even grew up to be my godfather.
Did you guys go chat up the portraits over the dining table like I suggested?"
Sirius and Regulus tried to keep the mirth in check but they got huge grins and began some vigorous nodding.
"I'm nauseous, Potter," said Walburga.
"This is too much.
My other portrait tried to feed me little bits and it was still overwhelming.
You're going to take me back and cover me up.
I don't think I like this magical world."
Angus moved forward and stood next to Harry.
"May I?"
he asked.
"Sure," said Harry.
"I didn't anticipate this."
Harry winked at the portrait Regulus.
"Walburga, what happened to us?"
Angus began.
"Why didn't we work out?
The sweetest weeks in all my long life were the ones I spent with you.
I would give everything I own to be able to go back and climb the tor with you just one more time."
"Angus, I had to do my duty," said Walburga, suppressing a little sniffle.
"We always knew that.
You said you understood.
I never forgot you.
I just had to be a wife to my husband.
Live in this house.
Entertain his guests.
Bear his children.
When you're born to preside over a noble house you put your personal needs aside, for the good of your family."
"How was your husband, as a husband?"
asked Angus.
"One hears…things."
"He was a chief," Walburga snorted.
"It isn't for any of us to judge."
"Boys?
Good times?"
Neither said anything.
Both looked down.
"Angus MacDougal you will not sow discontent within my family!"
shouted Walburga.
Harry looked at Daphne, who was keeping her face as still as marble.
"Exactly," said Angus.
"Harry, Lord Black, has need of you, did you know that?
You are called upon to do your duty, to your new chief, and to the Blacks.
Harry and I had lunch today.
We took our time and covered lots of ground.
Why don't you tell her, Harry?
Walburga, you really need to listen to him."
"Sure," Harry said.
"Madam, you're well-represented here, as are Sirius and Regulus.
I need some help with the country house my dad left me.
Daphne is working on the family magic with me, and the distinguished forebears are up on the walls everywhere you look, but no Blacks.
Well, there is supposed to be a portrait of Sirius in one of the bedrooms but I don't know what he brings to the party.
Anyway, I'd really treasure your contribution, if you'd consider it.
Kreacher and I spent a few hours out there today.
Feel free to ask him about it, if you'd like."
Harry glanced at Kreacher, who was swelled up like a soap bubble about to burst.
"Really?"
asked Walburga.
"You want me to give you a hand at Potter Manor?"
"Do you know it?"
Harry asked.
"Lovely old pile in Devon, views galore.
Gardens.
Kreacher has been a big help with his contacts among the gardening elves.
We'll probably end up entertaining out there but Daphne has a demanding career and I'll have to pitch in to make it all work.
There is only so much I can get from books."
Harry sneaked a look toward Daphne, who was struggling to maintain the marble goddess image.
"Visited once, when Fleamont and Euphemia were alive," she said.
Harry guessed she was thinking it over and took a chance.
"Want to see it?
Boys, why don't you go visit your portraits over there in the dining room while Mr. MacDougal and I escort your mother to Devon?
We won't take long."
Sirius and Regulus fled, almost before Harry finished speaking.
"Daphne, you're from Slytherin so you're culturally attuned to Madam, can I get you, and you, too, Kreacher, to join us?"
asked Harry.
Within minutes the party was reconvened in the Potter Manor salon.
Kreacher snapped his fingers and the tripod appeared, set up and ready to hold a portrait.
Harry gave Walburga a couple of minutes to breathe in the Potter Manor air.
Even with the distinguished Potters under their drapes the salon was thick with magic.
The oil lamps and the fire in the fireplace created a proper setting for an interview with his lordship.
Harry looked at Daphne, who stood with eyes closed, arms at her sides, her right hand holding her wand.
Now and then her right hand gave a twitch and the wand tip wobbled as if Daphne were casting.
Harry judged the Potter magic was sufficiently engaged, so he gave it its head.
Harry thought of something Angus had said when they'd just brought the portrait upstairs.
"Daphne," he said, very softly, "Please walk with me."
Harry held out his hand, Daphne laid hers in his and smiled.
"My lord," she whispered.
"Did you get the gist, when Angus and Walburga were talking back in London?"
Harry asked.
They'd arrived in the breakfast room.
Harry lit two lamps and wanded the drapes off of his parents.
"It's dark out," said James.
"What time is it, Harry?"
asked Lily.
"Oh, Daphne!"
"Mr. Potter, Mrs. Potter," said Daphne.
She gave them the same nod, with the glance up through the eyelashes that always threw Harry.
Harry cast a muffliato.
"Not that late," said Harry.
"Ten?"
Daphne nodded.
"We found a portrait of Walburga with Sirius and Regulus at #12 Grimmauld Place.
It was down in the dungeon under a ton of trash, but still in great shape.
Well, except for the frame.
It looks like someone tried to blast something, or someone, nearby and took a chunk out.
If it can't be repaired we can take it to a framing shop.
Walburga is fifty years behind times, or forty, anyway.
She asked to be put away.
This world is too much for her.
Luckily, an old boyfriend was staying with me and they're having a catching-up talk in the salon.
I'd like to convince her to join us here.
We've got Potters and Peverells and even Grandmother Dorea but Walburga would do so much for us.
Her two portraits could go back and forth between here and Grimmauld Place anytime.
That could be a real asset.
A livesaver, in an emergency."
"Good thinking, Harry," said James.
"I'll say," said Lily.
"You're thinking like a wizard, Harry."
Daphne couldn't hold it in any longer.
"He is, isn't he?"
she said.
The cool healer was gone, replaced by a slightly gushy, giddy girlfriend.
"We've been reading family grimoires.
He's amazing, such an aptitude."
"Grimoires?"
said James, making no attempt to conceal his surprise.
"So you two are…engaged?"
"Not just yet," said Harry.
He looked at Daphne for a little help, which was not forthcoming.
"We've a bit on our plates, which we're working through.
It will all get resolved.
Too many things going on, Daphne's practice, et cetera, et cetera.
However, we do have an agreement to talk about some things, soon.
And, as long as I've got Daphne here, I'd like to be a bit bold and ask if she is comfortable with us acknowledging we are each other's intended?"
"I can live with that," said Daphne.
"Until it's formalized, then, you'll be referred to as such.
'This is Harry Potter, my intended.'"
"Finally," said Harry, sighing.
"Boyfriend was becoming stale.
It's almost juvenile."
Angus found his way out to the breakfast room, so Harry took off the muffliato.
"She's coming around," said Angus.
"Angus MacDougal, my parents, James and Lily Potter," said Harry, giving the portraits a wave.
"Such an honor to meet Harry's parents," said Angus.
They couldn't shake so Angus dispensed bows to each of them.
"Likewise, Mr. MacDougal," said James.
"How did you happen to meet Harry and Daphne?"
"Oh, do we have time?"
asked Angus.
"Short version, Angus has a healer sister who is a Hogwarts classmate," said Harry.
"Daphne is trying to recruit her to come be a London healer.
We met through Morag."
Compliments flew every which way.
James blinked at Harry's summary.
Harry figured, correctly, that James was looking at Harry and Daphne and trying to put a classmate in the slot of a sister of Angus.
"Ready?"
asked Harry.
"I think you might be able to close the deal," Angus said.
Harry looked at Daphne, who looked eager to get going on the next step of Harry's project.
The three of them walked back to the salon.
"Where do you propose to put us?"
Walburga demanded, dispensing with preliminaries.
"I was thinking the dining room," said Harry.
"I don't think there is anyone in there who would give you heartburn.
The small portraits are in the dining room at Grimmauld Place and I like seeing them, don't you, Daphne?"
"Oh, absolutely," Daphne said.
"Young Sirius and Regulus are delightful dinner companions.
Such manners!
The best of the old nobility's grace and charm."
Daphne, the pureblood Slytherin probably had Walburga Black in the palm of her hand right there, but everyone continued negotiating, for appearances' sake.
"Mmm…" said Walburga.
"Muggles.
I have a low tolerance."
Harry thought Walburga's tolerance for muggles was far below 'low' so he decided to proceed with caution.
"True muggles, meaning no magic, not even a squib?
Those ought to be very rare.
What do you think, Daphne?"
asked Harry.
"Oh, I can't think of any, on short notice, perhaps if…No, can't think of anyone," Daphne finished.
"Good," said Walburga.
"For the life of me I can't understand some of the young witches and wizards.
Fascinated by muggle culture.
Name one muggle contribution to civilization that a wizard could truly appreciate."
Harry took Walburga's rhetorical question at face value, not thinking before he spoke.
"The White Album," he sai.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Twenty-nine One Step Closer Harry's party returned to #12 Grimmauld Place and set Walburga, Regulus and Sirius up on their easel in the salon.
Kreacher wanted to make everyone tea.
Harry and Angus sat at the plank table in the kitchen.
Kreacher had put the newly-discovered silver teapot down there and hadn't gotten back to it.
Harry passed his wand over it several more times, without getting any indications the teapot was cursed or jinxed.
Angus held out his hands.
"Can I take a look?"
he asked.
Angus immediately turned the teapot over, being careful to keep the cover closed, and inspected some marks on the bottom.
"These will tell you a lot," Angus said, showing them to Harry.
"Maker and year, at minimum."
Daphne had taken her tea and joined Walburga in the salon.
"You're a Greengrass?"
Walburga asked.
"Yes, Madam," said Daphne.
"My parents are Cyrus and Cordelia.
I don't know if you ever met them."
"Do you have an Aunt Matilda?"
asked Walburga.
"One of my classmates had a younger sister named Cordelia."
"I have a Great-Aunt Matilda," said Daphne.
"Matilda Wainscott.
Mother wouldn't have been her sister.
She's her niece.
Now she's Cordelia Greengrass."
"That would be the one, then," Walburga said.
"You're really dating me."
"How interesting that you and Angus met up again, here in your home," said Daphne.
"Isn't it your home now?"
Walburga objected, flaring just a little.
Daphne craned her neck.
She didn't see anyone, but just to be sure, she stood, crossed to the doorway, and looked down the hall.
"Not just yet," she said, sitting back down.
"Harry and I have talked, a bit, just not quite at the length I'd like.
We're both involved in some business things right now, which I'd like to be finished with before, we get to…Anyhow, we've agreed we're each the other's intended."
"That's not good enough!"
huffed Walburga.
"He'd better ask, the sooner the better.
A witch like you won't be available for long.
Do you want me to have a talk with him?"
Daphne caught Sirius rolling his eyes and stifled a laugh.
"It's not like that, Madam," she said.
"It's me.
I'm a healer.
I'm emancipated.
I make my own money.
I've even got a flat of my own.
If I told Harry I was ready to have our serious discussion, the one we've been putting off, my guess is he would propose in under five minutes.
I do love him, and I love my independence.
I can't reconcile those just yet."
"Have you told him?"
asked Walburga.
"Not in so many words," answered Daphne.
Walburga stared out of her portrait, straight into Daphne's eyes.
Sirius and Regulus, to Walburga's right and left, each looked away, somewhere, at neither Daphne nor their mother.
"Daphne Greengrass," Walburga said.
"I won't interfere in your life.
Just let me observe, for your consideration: Love unexpressed is love withheld.
I think that is all I have to say on the matter."
Walburga's hands appeared on her boys' shoulders and she pulled them tight to her as they turned to once again face forward.
In life, Regulus and Sirius may have given the impression they were full of devilry, but the smiles they gave Daphne right then were angelic.
Daphne could see Walburga was ready for a rest.
There weren't any drapes around so Daphne conjured one to give the Blacks a little privacy for sleeping.
After laying it as gently as she could across the damaged frame, Daphne put out the lights and tiptoed from the salon, following the sound of men's voices.
"Daphne!"
Harry said, when she got to the kitchen.
"Look at this."
He held out the silver teapot.
Daphne wasn't eager to take it from him until Harry assured her he and Angus had checked it, carefully.
"We've cast everything we can think of and it looks fine to us," Harry said.
"Fine, eh?"
Daphne said as she took the teapot from Harry.
She turned it over and looked at the stamps in the bottom.
"Seventeenth century…Merlin!
I guess that's fine."
"It was a bit of a treasure hunt," Harry said, Angus nodding along.
"If this turns out…well, however it turns out, I guess you men did well today.
Very, very well indeed.
I wonder if the Blacks had a guide to the silversmiths' marks around here.
You'll have to look on the shelves tomorrow," said Daphne.
"Oh, youngsters, this has been quite a day," said Angus, getting up from the bench.
"Harry, I thank you for the hospitality, but I am inclined to go home tonight and sleep in my own bed.
Can't wear out my welcome, now that I know you and Walburga are down here."
"Nor have you, Angus," said Harry.
He got up with his guest.
Daphne continued to study the silversmith's marks.
"Daphne," said Angus, "I'll take my leave."
"Angus, I'm so happy we got to meet you," said Daphne.
"Come see us whenever you can.
Morag will want you here, too."
Angus went with Harry to the second drawing room, which also had a fireplace.
"Thank-you for everything, Angus," Harry said.
"We'll work through your to-do list for the house and alert you when we get near the end."
Angus chuckled.
"I'll try to be more sensitive where your elf is concerned, Harry," said Angus.
"He's taking a lot of pride in his work, and it shows.
The last thing I want to do is hurt his feelings.
He is a real craftsman."
Angus dropped his floo powder and disappeared in the green flames.
Harry was sorry to see him go.
Angus had lived alone for decades.
He knew how to take care of himself.
Angus was very good at living life without making a huge mess to clean up afterwards, a skill that Harry worked at constantly.
Harry made a mental note to invite Angus down from Scotland at least quarterly.
Angus obviously had lots of life skills to pass along, life skills that Harry wanted to learn.
Harry wandered back to the kitchen, looking for Daphne.
She was standing with Kreacher, who was pouring hot water for a fresh pot of tea.
Harry saw they had a tray, cups, saucers and a bowl of sugar cubes ready to go.
"One more cup of tea?"
asked Daphne.
"Love some," said Harry.
"Where?"
"Anywhere," Daphne answered.
"You choose."
"Second drawing room?"
suggested Harry.
"Sure, go on and sit down," said Daphne.
Harry decided Daphne must have been keeping an eye on the steeping tea as she entered the drawing room a few minutes later.
It would have been just like the habitually-precise Healer Daphne to cast a tempus charm and watch the seconds tick down for a perfect cup of tea.
Daphne put her tray on top of an etagere that stood against a wall, then filled the two cups.
"Having sugar tonight?"
she asked.
"I'll skip," Harry said.
"It's late.
We don't actually need sugar, apparently.
As a necessary nutrient, that is."
"Do you harbor a secret desire to join the ranks of healers, Lord Harry?"
Daphne teased.
Harry just looked at her and smiled.
"No," he said.
"I already have one."
Daphne gave a little jerk as Harry's comment sank in.
She handed him his teacup and saucer, returning to the tray for hers.
Picking it up, she returned to Harry's easy chair and lowered herself to the carpet.
Daphne laid an arm over Harry's legs.
They sipped their tea, not talking, enjoying the silence and the agreeable company.
After some very pleasant minutes of wordless communion, Daphne put her cup and saucer on the floor, out of the way.
She raised up onto her knees in front of Harry and took his cup and saucer away, putting them with hers.
"You do have a healer, Harry," Daphne began.
She leaned forward, against his knees.
Daphne let her hands drift up the sides of Harry's thighs until they found his hands, which she squeezed, hard.
"You have done everything a gallant magical lord can do, as a champion, for me, and my sister, even my parents.
You shielded me with your own body when another wizard cast the killing curse at us.
You presented me to the sacred portraits of the Potter family in your family seat.
You allowed me to study your family grimoires, and you study mine.
Our family magicks are integrating.
Can you feel them when you make love to me?"
"Yes," said Harry.
"Stronger and stronger.
I wondered if you could feel them.
How long does that go on?"
"As long as we love one another and are faithful, I believe it grows and grows."
Harry was staring into Daphne's eyes.
He unclasped her left hand and slid his right into her hair, feeling the waves ripple across his fingers, touching her scalp with his fingertips, memorizing the rise and fall, her scent and the texture of her hair.
"It's been three months since you found me in the coffee bar," Harry said.
"And two days," added Daphne.
"Long enough to know," Harry said.
"Oh, I certainly do think so," said Daphne.
"I had a talk with Walburga earlier and she said she wouldn't interfere in my life, but she wanted to pass something on, for me to think about.
'Love unexpressed is love withheld,' she said.
I won't withhold mine any longer.
I love you Harry.
I love you.
There, done."
She took his hands, both of them, and brought them to her lips.
"Daphne," Harry whispered.
He closed his eyes and knew only two sensations: Daphne's lips on his hands, and the bursting of his chest as his own love for Daphne fought to get out.
"Oh, Daphne.
I love you, too, Daphne.
More every day."
Harry leaned forward and buried his nose in her hair, breathing in, kissing the top of her head.
At some point he slid out of the chair, onto his knees on the floor.
He took Daphne in his arms and gave her a long, long kiss on the lips.
Their tongues found each other, little bit by little bit, drawing things out, taking their time, little coos from Daphne and guttural murmurs from Harry added for mutual encouragement, until they finally got to a full-on proper snog.
When they pulled back a little, to catch their breaths, they stayed there on their knees, embracing, eyes staring into eyes.
Whispered 'Love you' was answered with 'Love you too,' while hands moved up to touch cheeks, then around back to clinch while their torsos traded warmth.
Eventually, Harry loosened his arms and slowly leaned back.
"When you said we could be intendeds," Harry began.
"Uh-huh?"
"I wanted to…A proper engagement ring ought to mark a proper engagement, it seems to me, but I wanted…The thing is, a few days ago I went to the Potter vault and looked through the old jewelry, and I found something, and I've been waiting for the appropriate occasion to give it to you.
You can wear it on your right hand, if you want to reserve your left," said Harry.
He stood and took a small box off the mantle, then returned to the floor in front of Daphne.
"Daphne Greengrass, will you do me the honor of wearing this ring in recognition of the things we just said?
I've been waiting and hoping to get to this moment for years, and I thought it could never happen.
I'd reconciled to living life alone, with an unfilled space inside, then you came out of nowhere and fit the space perfectly, more than perfectly.
I feel complete, for the first time in my life I feel like a complete person.
I never want to forget the night you confessed you love me."
Harry opened the box and showed the ring to Daphne.
It was a sapphire, square cut, in a gold setting.
The stone had enough facets to be interesting, but not overly busy.
Harry plucked the ring from the box and held it out, waiting for Daphne to present her hand.
She did, her right.
Harry compared the ring to her fingers, trying to gauge which would be the best fit.
Daphne was ready to try her little finger when she had a thought, and stiffened.
"Oh, Harry, before we, well, did you cast a revelio?
Or anything else, for that matter?"
"NO!
Oh, Daphne, this could have been a disaster!"
Harry exclaimed, his embarrassment showing on his reddening face.
Daphne started laughing.
"WHAT?"
Harry demanded.
"It's just…It's just…the look on your face!"
Daphne managed.
"It's fine, let's just do it and then we can go ahead."
Two competent magicals, one witch and one wizard, one Gryffindor and one Slytherin, used their wands and multiple charms looking for any sign of dark or dangerous spells, hexes or jinxes on the ring, but nothing turned up.
Harry looked at Daphne and picked up the ring again.
"Ready?"
"Yes, yes, yes, let's!"
said Daphne.
Harry held her hand and Daphne raised her little finger.
The ring fit perfectly.
"Ohhh…" said Daphne.
"I adore it.
It's perfect, look at the proportions, and how it looks on my hand!
It's charmed, I felt it adjust itself.
What do you know about its history?"
"Just this little note from inside the box," Harry said, holding out a slip of parchment.
"Iolanthe's ring," Daphne read.
"Iolanthe Peverell married my several times great-grandfather Hardwin Potter.
Centuries ago," Harry said.
"Makes sense," said Daphne.
"It does look very old."
She threw her arms around Harry's neck and gave him another kiss on his lips.
"The night we declared our love," she whispered in his ear.
It sounded like a giggle was trying to escape.
"Memorialized," said Harry.
"Whenever you wear it, I'll see it and think of this moment.
I do love you.
Sincerely."
"I love you," said Daphne.
"You'll give me a little time to become accustomed to all of this, won't you?"
"We'll both be adjusting, I think?"
Harry asked.
"I'm fine with this.
With you.
Everything.
No need to rush.
You fought for your independence, risked rupturing family ties for it.
Enjoy it a little longer.
You'll know.
So will I. Meanwhile—" Harry brought the back of Daphne's right hand to his lips.
(((***))) Author's Note: Many thanks to everyone who has taken the time to leave a note after reading.
It is nice to hear from a reader who says they enjoyed a chapte.
erit and Inheritance Chapter Thirty Finally The last light was fading as Pansy Parkinson and Morag MacDougal left the offices of Harry Potter and Associates and struck out for the Dragon.
"How's work?"
asked Pansy.
"Different," answered Morag.
She'd come straight from St. Mungo's to pick up Pansy.
"I like the structure.
Mother, Merlin bless her, was conscious about eight hours a day.
She might not say anything for an hour or two, or she might want to talk an hour straight.
I didn't have any time off.
This is completely different.
They have me in admissions, doing exams and taking down histories.
I like it.
I go to work, meet people, have interesting conversations, and I come home."
"Great," said Pansy.
"Up north?"
Morag had worked out an arrangement with St. Mungo's and the Ministry-supported clinic where she had worked before Madam Livia became her full-time occupation.
She worked three days a week in London and two and one-half days at the clinic.
"Going well," said Morag.
"Primary, patient-contact healing.
I'm trying to catch up on my reading.
I didn't think about the journals when I was with Mother.
Healing moves ahead constantly.
One can't just take a few years off and come right back."
"You can do it," said Pansy.
"Everything you had to do to get your mastery?
I still wonder about you.
How did you do all of that?
I feel like a slacker, a lay-about."
"Stop," Morag protested.
"You have more courage in your little finger than I do in my whole body."
Pansy had shared her flat with Morag until Morag's salary started coming in.
They had had several long, catch-up conversations.
Pansy wasn't ashamed of what had been done to her, nor what she had done while she was drinking.
She freely admitted she had suffered damage and taken an inappropriate route to fixing it.
Pansy found a more productive path by admitting her dependency on alcohol, conducting a merciless self-assessment, working each issue she wanted to change until she got it right, and completely re-wired herself.
Morag knew from her own experiences that Pansy was an exception, not a rule.
Pansy had it in her to do anything she wanted, as long as she stayed sober.
"Thanks, love," said Pansy.
Little by little, during the time they shared the apartment, Morag and Pansy had become friendly enough that such terms of endearment crept into their personal conversations.
Neither one overdid it, nor did they shy away.
They were comfortable together.
"Here we are," said Pansy.
The Dragon was not yet full so they were seated immediately.
Their tastes were similar and they had settled on a standard meal—vegetable lo mein, stir-fried pea pods with black and white mushrooms, vegetable fried rice and two spring rolls.
They took turns serving, one tablespoon of the fried rice on each plate from Pansy, one apiece of the pea pods and mushrooms from Morag, and so on.
They talked a bit over dinner, but they were efficient.
Neither was a habitual time-waster.
When they finished their meals they each took a last cup of tea.
"Going home?"
asked Pansy.
"Uh-huh," said Morag, looking at her watch.
"Getting up and going to Glasgow tomorrow."
They left the restaurant for their apparition point.
"Bye, then," said Pansy.
"Let's do something again when you get back."
"We'll do that," Morag agreed.
Then she half-turned and was gone.
Morag was the first close friend Pansy had made, other than Harry, since Hogwarts.
The long, dim tunnel commencing with the events of their sixth year, the lost months of Pansy's walk on the wild side, her struggle with recovery and finally finding refuge as an Associate of Harry Potter, had all combined to distance her from most of the people with whom she'd gone to school.
Pansy enjoyed having a friend again.
She and Harry were close.
They were bound to be in light of their shared history.
Still, both were very careful about boundaries.
Harry respected Pansy's privacy, to the degree that she would not have been comfortable opening up to him about the things one holds most closely.
Pansy knew Harry's history, and that he kept a lot of his experiences to himself.
Having personally witnessed Harry dispense justice, according to his own code, Pansy respectfully kept her knowledge under wraps.
Morag wasn't there yet, either, but she had potential.
Pansy knew healers were accustomed to keeping to themselves the things they learned in confidence.
Morag, for her part, felt deep gratitude toward Pansy and Harry.
When Harry asked Pansy to drop in on Morag, just to make sure she was alright and not in need of anything they could provide, Morag had been seeing Livia through a long, lingering decline.
Morag's care for her mother had made the old lady's last years as pleasant as they could be, considering Livia's circumstances.
Morag, though, had been in a kind of suspended animation.
She had one patient and no contact with professional colleagues.
She thought, at the beginning, that she would care for Livia for a few months, or a year at most.
She'd been with Livia nearly three years.
Morag credited Harry, Pansy and Daphne with her transition from rural eldercare specialist back to a practicing healer.
By extension, they were responsible for her successful re-entry into the society that was Magical Britain.
She hadn't stopped to make plans when she had Livia as her primary consideration.
When Livia died and Morag was without a job or a home, her classmates closed ranks and took care of her.
Morag vowed she would never forget.
Harry and Daphne, especially Daphne, were critical to Morag's smooth transition.
Daphne knew St. Mungo's needed healers and made the connection that brought Morag to London, a job and a flat.
When Livia released her, Morag's friends brought her straight into their ranks, stood her up on her feet and steadied her until she regained her balance.
Activity was picking up at Potter and Associates.
The partnership with Neville and the new building kept everyone focused.
Harry continued to ask Pansy if she had any leads for a potential occupant for the ground floor space, as well as the basement.
Pansy continued to look.
The commercial space was perfect.
The open question remained, "Perfect for what?"
The new building faced onto a passageway formed by the fronts of several structures.
The buildings had shops on the street level and offices or flats on the floors above.
The sides facing the passage were the magical faces of the buildings.
On one side the buildings' rear sides faced a Muggle London street.
The location was perfect for people who had to interact with the magical and muggle aspects of metropolitan life.
At the same time, Harry and Pansy had been unsuccessful in identifying a business to occupy the ground floor space.
The passage had a pleasant coffee-and-news stand with a small magical bookstore next door.
The two even had a door between the spaces.
The two businesses had loyal, overlapping clienteles, who returned again and again to purchase a book or periodical and a cup of coffee, then sat and enjoyed both at leisure.
The space wasn't big enough to be a proper pub.
Magical tailoring needs were well-met by the community in Diagon Alley.
The space in the all-magical passage would be best occupied by a magical business, but Harry Potter and Associates was running out of ideas.
"How about a tea room?"
Pansy asked.
"What would a tea room require?"
asked Harry.
"I don't know the first thing.
Water.
Something to heat it with, or in."
"That's two things right there," said Pansy.
"A selection of teas.
Tea pots.
Cups.
A drawer with a box inside, with a lid, for the cash.
That's pretty much it, isn't it?"
"Darn close, I'd say," said Harry.
"That's a big space, though, for a couple of people sipping tea."
"Uh-huh," said Pansy.
"There isn't any law that says you couldn't divide it and turn the rest of it to other purposes."
Harry thought about that.
"What would work with a tea room?"
he asked.
"Herbalist?
A section with more specialized publications.
Things for particular tastes, pastimes, avocations, like runes, seers, magical nutrition," Pansy said.
She stopped to think those things through.
"Alchemy?"
"Did you know the muggles have shops that cater to travelers?"
Harry asked.
"They sell luggage, specialized guidebooks for different cities and countries, power adapters…" "So?"
Pansy said.
"Muggles have to fly on those mechanical contrivances and worry about the different brands of electricity on the other side of the planet.
How would we find a market for that in a magical building?"
"Wizards travel," said Harry.
"What's that magical travel magazine?"
"There are two that are pretty well-known—Port Key, and Disapparations," Pansy said.
A light came on.
"Oh, the kinds of things in their ads!"
she said.
"The guidebook to spells you can or can't use in one country or another.
Magical maps.
Guides to the dominant and minority religious groups in different places, so you know, just in case."
"Wand waving is prohibited in Be-Bop-A-Lula," said Harry.
"That's just a hypothetical, of course."
"Of course," Pansy agreed.
"I did grasp that."
"Okay, do we know anyone who is in the tea shop business?"
Harry asked.
"Um, I didn't come prepared…" said Pansy.
"That's okay, this is still speculation," Harry said.
"What else?"
"Some coffee shops have bookshelves," said Pansy.
"They put a few old books out and people are free to take one or come in with their own books and donate them or swap for something that's there.
What if the tea shop encouraged that?
It could even go along with the specialized idea.
A shelf for alchemy, another for travel."
"Unusual magical gifts," Harry said.
"A children's alchemy lab, everything you need to turn lead into gold in one box.
All the Newt Scamander books.
The magical travel books.
Gulliver's Travels."
"Uh—I don't know if that was really magical," Pansy said.
"I've never seen it documented, one way or the other," Harry noted.
"Still, if it could be magical, and you can't tell, it follows that it makes its own magic, doesn't it?
Seems to me, anyway."
"Point," conceded Pansy.
"Do you want me to do a little research on tea rooms?
See what it takes to start one up, a budget for a basic kit, other magical tea shops in London or the suburbs?"
"You're a true self-starter," said Harry.
"Let's do those things you just mentioned, then we can come back to the other possibilities.
Merchandise, and so on."
Harry felt like he was on a roll.
He didn't know what that meant, exactly, but he understood it had something to do with a series of good outcomes.
The real estate was part of it, but foremost in his mind was his joint project with Daphne to get the Greengrass finances on a more responsible footing.
Once Harry had Daphne, and then Cordelia on his side, Cyrus seemed content to sit back and let the triumvirate run things.
Harry wondered if Cyrus had found personal finances tedious and not really worth his time.
Daphne's financial workout plan was a success from the beginning.
Harry relieved the Greengrass family income stream of the burden of the mortgage on the manor and the farmland that should have supported it.
Cyrus and Cordelia lived on their allowance.
Astoria tried to pitch in, moderating her 'suggestions' for pre-wedding shopping and hospitality.
Daphne had her own responsibilities but she contributed a bit from her personal funds to make sure Astoria and Draco had a respectable courtship by magical nobility standards.
Harry and Daphne ruled with a light touch, but neither Cyrus nor Cordelia nor Astoria doubted they could apply a heavier hand if necessary.
Harry's initial assessment proved prescient.
There actually was sufficient Greengrass income for living expenses and debt retirement, once the great dead weight of the mortgage was lifted.
Daphne identified underutilized assets and began selling them for cash or turning them into profit-making enterprises.
One piece of rental property had been bringing in the same amount for decades, despite the incremental tax increases and rising value of the underlying land.
Harry arranged for a fresh appraisal by one of the goblins' experts.
He recommended selling the property outright.
Daphne thought it worth holding onto, gradually increasing the rent until the income reflected the current value.
Harry pointed out that the renter (it was a commercial building with a single tenant) would almost certainly find any increase a burden.
After all, he had had decades to get used to the very low rent and would have figured that into his overhead.
Better to put the building on the market after offering the tenant the opportunity to buy the building outright.
"I'd buy it, if it weren't for the conflict of interest," Harry said.
"What conflict?"
asked Daphne.
"You and me," said Harry.
"We're compromised.
It would always look like I did just what Cyrus accused me of doing.
Manipulating you to pick off the low-hanging fruit.
That's not something I want to do."
"Not arguing, Harry, but don't some of these operators do that kind of thing all the time?"
Daphne asked.
"Yes, they do," said Harry.
"Muggles, wizards, it doesn't matter.
Speculation becomes an obsession.
Some of the things you read or hear about, it isn't like they're human anymore.
That's not for me.
If you want to hang onto the building and try to get the rent back up to market rates, I'll help.
Just be sure you anticipate a little pushback and are prepared to insist you're sticking to your position."
The solution turned out to be somewhere in the middle.
Daphne met with the occupant and made her case.
The rent was far below the market, mainly because no one had looked closely as the value increased.
Daphne wasn't trying to recoup, but the Greengrass family would be gradually increasing the rent until the property was bringing in the fair market value.
The renter became dramatic, citing the long relationship between himself and Cyrus, his history as a caretaker, and more.
Daphne listened patiently and strategically before offering the alternative course of letting the renter buy the building.
Harry and his appraiser had a solid grounding for the price, and the renter knew it.
He gulped once or twice, then asked for two days to consult with his lender.
He came back with a pro forma counteroffer so close to the asking price that Daphne agreed to it, just to close the deal.
"Brilliant," said Harry, raising his coffee mug.
Daphne blushed.
Harry thought she was quite fetching, her professional dress and demeanor accented with a rosiness of cheek befitting a schoolgirl being praised before the entire class.
"Thank-you," said Daphne.
She'd tipped her face down and forward to look back at Harry through her eyelashes.
Harry couldn't help it if his brain went blank.
Daphne devastated when she did that.
They were sitting in Harry's office at Harry Potter and Associates, post-Gringotts.
After several months of research and negotiations Daphne had just retired a significant chunk of the Greengrass debts by selling the building and turning the cash straight over to the goblins for debt retirement.
Harry was very proud of his intended, who had taken the lead and done all the work throughout.
Even though Harry had supplied an idea along the way, it was truly Daphne's deal and she deserved to feel proud of herself.
"I'm talking out of school, Harry, but I honestly believe Father had forgotten all about that building," Daphne said.
"According to Gringotts' documents, he inherited it.
They didn't have it under active management, they just received the rent and deposited it in his account.
No one brought it to his attention for all these years."
"Is he showing any interest when you bring those kinds of things up?"
"Oh, he can carry on a conversation," answered Daphne.
"He's just detached.
He gives the impression he would like to be doing something else.
I had figured this process would end and he'd be back in charge, eventually.
Now I'm wondering."
"How is Cordelia?"
Harry asked.
What he meant was, "How is Cordelia's drinking?"
"Good days and less good," said Daphne.
"I've offered to connect her with people in the field, but she isn't ready.
Says she can work it out on her own.
I don't know…Maybe she can."
"Maybe she can," Harry agreed.
"Maybe she's going to follow your lead, straight to adulthood.
Maybe she is the manager the Greengrass family has been looking for."
"Could be," said Daphne.
"Can I change the subject?"
"I don't see why not," answered Harry.
"You need to increase your study time, Lord Harry," said Daphne.
"Specifically, the entries in your grimoire by and about Iolanthe Peverell and Hardwin Potter.
Your ancestors have some interesting history.
This beautiful ring was Iolanthe's, and a gift from Hardwin.
It is charmed, although I still can't say what all is embedded in it.
The grimoire mentions long life and happiness, although those are more sentiments than actual charms.
Whatever it has must be beneficial, or at least harmless, or I'd be showing signs of some hex or other."
Harry didn't know whether to laugh at Daphne's description or thank her for the useful information.
"Had I known," Harry began.
"Exactly," said Daphne.
"No harm done, this time.
Just remember in the future.
Your grimoires may be the most valuable thing you own.
More than Potter Manor, more than #12 Grimmauld Place.
A smart, accomplished wizard, someone like you, could lose everything.
If he had his grimoires, he'd be back on his feet in a year."
Harry didn't say anything, he just sat there thinking over what Daphne had said.
It was true that Harry had come late to the study of Potter Magic and the contributions of all the other family lines that had culminated in him.
His first eleven years had been a magical blank.
Hogwarts was filled with magical children who assumed he knew all the magical esoterica, since he was Harry Potter and the son of two of the best-known practitioners of the previous generation.
Albus Dumbledore had a habit of putting himself between Harry and any sort of magical knowledge other than the standard school of magic curriculum.
Study of Your Own Family Grimoire did not appear on Hogwarts' list of available courses.
There were sound reasons for that, Harry well understood.
Some of the magical families reveled in their Dark reputations, collecting cursed artifacts and proscribed texts.
They wouldn't permit the children to bring their grimoires to Hogwarts and Hogwarts would not have wanted some of them anywhere on the property.
Without a doubt, mere knowledge of some volumes would entail an obligation to come forward and give a statement to the authorities.
"You're right," said Harry, emerging from his reverie.
"I will do better.
I very nearly put Iolanthe's ring on your finger, before you had the presence of mind to stop me.
I'll think about that, and this conversation, and see if I can't cultivate a habit of looking such things up from now on.
How do you like your ring, now that you've worn it awhile?"
"I still adore it," said Daphne.
"I'm connected to you, and at least one of your distinguished ancestors as long as it is on my finger, aren't I?
I'm going to be in the literature looking for anything I can find on whether that establishes a mystical connection.
At any rate, you took the time to visit your vault and pick out a historical piece from your family jewelry and you gave it to me to mark a beautiful moment.
Whenever I notice Iolanthe's ring is on my finger I remember."
Harry wasn't sitting across his desk from Daphne.
They each occupied one of the visitor's chairs.
Harry slid forward to the very edge of his and reached for Daphne's hand.
He drew them closer and gave her a brief kiss on her lips.
"That is so…" he began, speaking barely above a whisper.
Harry slid back into his chair.
"You did great with your real estate deal," Harry said.
"We need to review everything and see where the accounts stand.
We may be closer to concluding our business than we know.
Then we can, if you want to, talk about, ah, the other."
Daphne rolled her eyes.
"We can talk anytime you want, Harry," she began.
"We've done all the traditional rituals, adapting for our particular circumstances.
You've met my parents and I've met yours.
You and I read our grimoires together and talk about what we've learned.
We declared our love and you gave me a ring to wear to distinguish me from every other witch in creation.
Betrothals are a bit passé these days, particularly for those of us old enough to have established careers.
The only other thing left to do is to send the announcement to the Prophet."
"Oh," said Harry.
He was rolling the last exchange around, trying to penetrate the layers of meaning.
"So I can think about us as a permanent thing?
An item?"
"You haven't been?"
asked Daphne, sounding a bit demanding.
"I have, ever since you said you'd wear my ring, but I've also been keeping it to myself," said Harry.
"In light of business first, personal later, and respect for your independent streak.
Hence my curiosity about your progress.
It would be nice if the business were done, complete, cleared away."
"I see," said Daphne.
"That's good, then, because I've been thinking about us as an item as well.
I've been working hard on forming an idea of how I will function as I am now with the additional duties that will come with…" Daphne was stumped, or so it appeared to Harry.
He tried to help.
"The M word?"
he suggested.
"Exactly, thank-you," said Daphne.
Conversation stopped.
Harry looked at the ceiling.
Daphne picked up one of Harry's business cards and held it between her thumb and middle finger, fidgeting, twirling it around and around.
Harry sneaked a look back at Daphne but she was watching the card, so Harry turned back to his study of the ceiling.
Daphne looked at Harry.
He could see her in his peripheral vision but delayed looking back at her because he'd already tried and she wanted to continue looking at his business card twirling around.
She kept her eyes on him, though, and Harry had to give in.
"Fine," he said.
"It sounds like the resolution of our impasse is for me to table an open proposal of marriage which you can accept at such time as you get your professional and personal calendars clear."
Harry got out of his chair and knelt on the floor of his office before Daphne, who started to laugh.
"Oh, Harry Potter.
Aren't we a pair?"
she said, sliding out of her own chair and kneeling.
Daphne took Harry's hands in hers.
"Will you?"
he asked.
"I will," she said.
"Will you?"
"Absolutely, yes" said Harry.
"What do we do now?"
"We keep doing what we've been doing," laughed Daphne.
"I have a sister to marry off.
You have business interests, and so do I.
If you're at loose ends you can work on your manor.
Get it into a proper state to house its new mistress.
And right now I'd like you to kiss me.
"Merit & Inheritance Chapter Thirty-one Words Exchanged in Confidence Harry did exactly what Daphne advised that he do.
His business interests occupied a good part of his time.
To keep things going, Harry began each day with the elves at Potter Manor, working through his list.
At what became known as The Morning Meeting, Harry reviewed his to-do list with Kreacher, Mort and Daisy, and the gardening elves, generally in the breakfast room.
Once all had their tasks for the day, Harry would return to his office in the mews and look at paper, study invoices, confirm receipts and deal with any incoming correspondence.
His organization was small enough and worked smoothly enough that there were very few crises that couldn't be resolved with a short meeting or a note on parchment.
Three weeks after their mutual quasi-proposal at the offices of Harry Potter and Associates, Harry and Daphne held a small dinner for some longtime friends at Potter Manor.
There were two very different phenomena to recognize.
One was the installation of the portrait of Walburga, Sirius and Regulus Black in the dining room.
The second was the engagement of Astoria Greengrass and Draco Malfoy.
Walburga beamed down from her perch when Harry stood and recognized her and her lads.
He spoke briefly of Walburga's place in contemporary magical history, graciously glossing over her allegiance to the Dark Magic/pureblood mania that nearly got Harry killed.
He noted the number of families that had Black blood in their veins, including his own and that of one of the night's guests of honor, Draco Malfoy.
Finishing up, Harry welcomed Walburga, Sirius and Regulus to Potter Manor, ending with a toast and three cheers for each of the Blacks.
"Well, I don't know how I'll follow that," said Daphne.
"I'll just have to do my best."
She had a few words for Draco, mainly noting their time in Slytherin House at Hogwarts, but she devoted most of her toast to Astoria.
Daphne's younger sister was the light of her life, she said.
She could not remember a time when Astoria hadn't been right alongside, observing, assessing, and, yes, judging.
Her comments had been early warnings that saved Daphne untold trials and tribulations.
She credited Astoria for giving her the idea of becoming a healer.
Astoria's encouragement had meant so much, Daphne said, before she had to take a little break and regain her composure.
"And so, Draco and Astoria, we wish you nothing but happiness as you start your adventure together," Daphne said.
She'd wanted to go on, but she knew her emotions were about to win the battle with her self-discipline.
Walburga continued looking satisfied from the end of Daphne's toast through the dessert course.
Kreacher was needed to serve coffee and tea in the salon so Fluff came over from Greengrass Manor for clearing the dining table and washing up.
Daphne stayed behind with Fluff for a few minutes, watching and answering questions.
"You were brilliant, Daphne," said Walburga, out of the blue.
"Oh!
Madam Walburga, I'd forgotten you are here with us," gasped Daphne.
"Thank-you!
That means a lot to me, that a witch with your experience would say that.
I know I have a lot to learn."
"Oh, from what I saw tonight, I'd say you're there," countered Walburga.
"There weren't very many witches who would have outshone you in my day, and I'd venture there are even fewer today.
Are you going to tell me about that sapphire you've added to your right hand?"
"I can see it is going to be fun working together," laughed Daphne.
"The sapphire was added by Harry, one night in the second drawing room at #12 Grimmauld Place.
It belonged to Iolanthe Peverell, who married Hardwin Potter and together begat the line of wizards that led to Harry.
Harry knew what he was doing, inviting you to Potter Manor."
"I want to agree, but it wouldn't do for me to start laying it on for him so soon," said Walburga.
"We can keep it just between ourselves, being witches and all.
See what you can learn about that ring, dear, I know it will be worth your time.
Now, Potter has guests in the salon.
Young Fluff there has everything in hand, it appears, so off with your noble and gracious self and I'll just nap until you need me again."
"Madam," Daphne said, nodding.
Astoria and Draco's dinner was the beginning of a partnership that Daphne and Walburga would cultivate with care, over many years.
Walburga had gone to her grave skeptical that anyone with the surname Potter could become a wizard worthy of her notice.
She wouldn't be making any dramatic adjustments.
She was dead and not particularly flexible.
Daphne knew, though, that she met Walburga's requirements much more closely than Harry did—witch, Slytherin, pureblood, manor-raised.
With Walburga as her valued counselor they would collaborate to advance their lord's interests, which were ultimately the interests of the Potter, Black, Greengrass, Peverell, Slytherin and associated clans' interests manifested in the person and career of Harry James Potter, OM.
Most of it they kept just between themselves, being witches and all.
Daphne didn't work on the tea shop project but she stayed current and contributed several suggestions.
Pansy found no evidence showing London hosted a single magical tea shop.
Some of the magical coffee shops offered tea, but those did not have the look, feel and ambiance Pansy had in mind.
She went looking in Muggle London and discovered several dedicated shops with the atmosphere she'd been seeking.
"This is it," Pansy said.
She had dragooned Harry into a little exploratory expedition.
The interior of the shop was small for a commercial space, not more than twenty feet by thirty, possibly less.
There was a counter with three stools plus low tables before an L-shaped bench that ran around two sides of the room.
A selection of teas were on shelves behind the counter.
One wall had a painting, black ink on rice paper.
Another held a framed print of a mountain with a quiet stream in the foreground.
"Japanese?"
asked Harry as they sat down to await their tea.
"Excellent, Harry," said Pansy.
"Have you been to Japan?"
"No, why?"
"Well, you recognized it as Japanese right away," said Pansy.
"I thought you'd maybe gone, on your travels."
Harry just looked at her, at a loss for words.
He was still pondering when a youngish man wearing jeans and a white shirt arrived with two pots of tea and two squat, round cups.
"Green," he said as he put the first pot down.
He pointed at the second: "Green with the toasted brown rice."
"I see," said Harry.
He didn't mean the tea, but the blond wooden knob that showed at the man's cuff.
The server saw what Harry was looking at.
"Oh," he said.
"It's therapeutic.
Kind of a charm, from Mum's country."
Harry and Pansy, who had by this time also noticed the knob, looked back and forth.
"I've seen a few of those around London," Harry said.
"Have you noticed?
They must work."
"Have you tried one?"
asked the young man.
"My name is Julius, by the way."
"Harry, and this is Pansy," Harry said.
"I have had occasion to use one."
Harry looked up as the street door opened.
"You have a customer, but we really should talk," said Harry.
"We're not in a hurry, perhaps we'll be here when you're finished."
Julius left to take his customer's order.
He puttered around behind the counter while the newcomer sat with his tea and read a book, returning to Harry and Pansy's table when it was again just the three of them.
"We're working on a project," Harry said.
"We wanted to visit a proper tea shop because part of the idea incorporates a tea shop.
There aren't any in our part of London."
He meant the magical part.
Julius nodded.
The conversation went on, with breaks for Julius to get up and wait on customers.
Julius told them how he had traveled to Japan, mainly for sightseeing and immersion in the Japanese language, and ended up working in a tea shop for several weeks.
He had enjoyed it so much he returned to London and found a job doing the same.
Julius had then worked in several jobs related to tea while saving up enough to start his own little tea room.
By the time they had finished, Harry had given Julius a business card and invited him to come by the office.
That chat ended with Julius signing on as a consultant with a contract to advise on the setting up and opening of Magical London's first magical tea emporium.
Pansy got the tea shop project underway then threw herself into organizing an auxiliary business to occupy the rest of the ground floor space in the new building.
She had studied the neighboring coffee and book shops so she kept those inventories out of her thinking.
"I think the retail tea should stay in the tea room," she told Harry.
"They kind of belong together."
"That works," said Harry.
"Or so it seems to me."
"That leaves our other ideas," Pansy went on.
"Unusual books and publications, small editions, travel, and some of the magazines that aren't on the mass market racks."
Harry pondered the meaning of 'mass market' as applied to witches and wizards, but didn't comment.
"There are also your 'Young Wizard's First Alchemy Set' and the children's books ideas," said Pansy.
"I like books," Harry said.
He didn't tell Pansy, but he had not had a single book of his own until he went to Hogwarts.
Despite his own remedial efforts, Harry knew he missed cultural references all the time due to not hearing the usual magical childhood stories as a youngster.
Perhaps because of what he thought of as his deficient knowledge of the standard children's magical curriculum, Harry felt the magical legends, fables and fairy tales were crucial to the magical child's development.
"If we got the parents coming for tea, we could have a regular story time right there in the shop next door."
"That's a great idea," said Pansy.
"We need to think about that some more."
Julius had his own affairs to manage.
He got the tea shop organized and worked with the new employees for two days.
The help was invaluable and the shop was a success from its opening.
Harry took a lesson from his experience with Daphne and Cyrus and put carefully-crafted management controls in place.
Harry didn't mind if the shop lost a little money, he just wanted to know how much.
The important thing was they had an occupant in the space.
Pansy continued to work on the ideas for the remainder of the ground floor.
Harry and Pansy decided together that they would operate the two parts as a single business.
They organized the accounting to differentiate between tea and books.
The tearoom side made a little money from its second month.
Readers liked it for the quiet atmosphere.
Serious students came in during school breaks, bringing textbooks, parchment and study partners.
Older witches dominated in the late afternoon, their shopping done, stopping with friends for tea and conversation before heading home.
Pansy studied the sales figures for the retail side, teasing out the formula.
Books and other publications for magical children predominated, while one-third of the gross was from the miscellany such as the magical travel magazines and gift items.
"You've done it," said Daphne.
Pansy looked across the table.
A pot of green tea sat steeping between them.
"Oh, I don't know," Pansy replied.
"I liked being in the office.
Harry thinks he's launching me in some kind of magical business career.
I get it.
Don't get me wrong—I'm grateful he's taking an interest.
It was just fun being down at Potter and Associate in the lane, there.
Neville or Hannah might show up at any time, or some of the others."
"How do you like having your own location to manage?"
asked Daphne "I like it," said Pansy.
"Everyone worked really hard getting it organized.
We broke even the first week if you back out the initial investment.
We met Julius.
Everyone is very happy with the results."
"Morag?"
asked Daphne.
"Claims it's her favorite place," Pansy answered.
"Tea has become necessary to her relaxation after an arduous day of healing."
"Well, there are definitely a large variety of less-constructive methods one could use," said Daphne.
"Just to make an observation."
The two looked at one another.
Pansy had confided in Daphne about her own brush with substance abuse.
Daphne knew Pansy was aware of Cordelia's problems.
"Uh-huh," Pansy said.
"How is everyone at Greengrass Manor?"
Daphne shrugged.
"I'm still watching," she said.
Pansy moved opening and closing times up and back and finally settled on a ten to seven work day.
By the end of the second week of the tea shop's existence, Morag was arranging to come by and collect Pansy at closing time, after which they would go out for dinner.
They went to one of three places—Al-Andalus, the Dragon or the Leaky Cauldron.
Slowly, the two settled into a routine.
They would get together for a meal, then, depending on the time, they might stretch the evening out a bit with a stop for coffee.
Neither thought they were dating, each was simply the other's idea of agreeable company.
"That Romilda," said Morag one evening.
She was holding her plate for Pansy, who was spooning couscous for both of them.
"What made you think of her?"
Pansy asked.
"She came to the clinic," Morag responded.
"She asked if I'd be interested in renting out Mother's place.
Nothing wrong with the place she ended up, the village, she's just tired of looking at people.
Looking for threats.
She thinks she would be happier at Mother's."
Pansy finished with the couscous and held her own plate while Morag gave her some of the tajine.
"I could see that," Pansy said.
"Although the paranoia would just increase for me, being there at Livia's.
I'd think everyone I saw was a threat to me, because why would anyone have a reason to come all that way if they weren't?"
Morag looked across at Pansy.
"You're psychic.
I asked that very thing," she said.
"Romilda considered it for a minute then said she'd go away and think about it.
I suppose I'll go along with her, if she comes back and says she's decided.
My only concern would be the isolation.
Where does she go if she has a medical emergency?
I doubt she can send a patronus for help."
"That's a sad story," said Pansy.
"No formal education after fifth year, yanked out of her social sphere and sent off to be the outsider in that strange family.
You've studied a lot more psychology than me but it's not hard to see she's got some big gaps.
Upstairs, I mean."
"And a baby on the way," said Morag.
Both of them sat quietly, thinking over Romilda's situation.
"She'll need to find work, of some kind," Pansy noted.
"Sounds like it," Morag said.
"Even if they'd take her I doubt she'd want anything to do with her parents."
"I don't know whether to laugh or scream," said Pansy.
"How's she doing?
Within your professional limitations, of course."
"Fine," said Morag, "I can say that much."
Pansy moved some couscous around on her plate.
"Hmm?"
said Morag.
"Something?"
"No, sorry to say," answered Pansy.
"Putting myself in her place.
I'm just drawing a complete blank for a way out for her."
"Uh-huh," Morag agreed.
"Maybe you shouldn't try to worry every problem to death before it's too early to make a decision.
In any case, Romilda is fine for now.
I didn't pry into her personal circumstances, but I did listen carefully."
Pansy knew Morag meant she listened for what Romilda didn't say as well as what she did.
Patients often had a hard time telling healers everything that was bothering them.
Good healers became practiced at looking closely, listening carefully and using all their senses.
"For now," repeated Pansy.
"But the situation bears watching."
"I think I can say that, within the bounds of propriety," said Morag.
Finished with dinner, they walked to their usual apparation point.
"Coffee?
Decaf?"
asked Morag, their shorthand for 'Want to stay up a little later?'
"Not tonight, love, I'm opening tomorrow," said Pansy.
The two hugged.
Morag wanted a little longer hug, it seemed.
Pansy didn't mind.
She liked human contact.
"Night," said Morag when they did pull apart.
"Night.
"Merit and Inheritance Chapter Thirty-two Duties of Lady Black Once given a few tips by Harry and Neville, Daphne began turning the Greengrass holdings into a viable, profit-making business.
The identification of the under-performing asset, the securing of a professional appraisal, and negotiations leading to successful sale, topped off by applying the equity from the building to Cyrus' outstanding debts, all combined to give Daphne a taste for more of the same.
She developed a good mental map of the family's physical assets and was soon mixing and matching income streams, which were numerous, to get to an aggressive position vis-à-vis debt retirement.
Daphne scheduled monthly family progress meetings to keep Cyrus and Cordelia current.
Cyrus found he had a conflict and missed the first, then became ill and took to bed for the second.
Cordelia and Astoria sat down with Daphne and turned the briefing into a tea party for the Greengrass witches.
The business was pretty simple, in Harry's term 'addition and subtraction,' so even a detailed, systematic review did not require a lot of time.
That left the rest of the meeting for discussions of pre-wedding events, Astoria's actual wedding, and honeymoon plans.
Daphne noticed Cordelia was keeping a small glass of something close at hand, even as she enjoyed her tea.
Cordelia noticed Daphne noticing.
"Cognac, dear, would you like a little?"
Cordelia asked with a smile.
Perhaps Daphne frowned a bit or took longer to answer than Cordelia could accept.
"Cognac," Cordelia repeated.
"It doesn't count, Daphne, there is barely enough alcohol to mention.
If I'm going to be under inspection whenever you come to visit…" "Mum," muttered Astoria, reaching out and covering Cordelia's hand.
Cordelia sighed.
"You're right, dear," she said.
"I apologize for snapping, Daphne, we're taking up your personal time with this and I shouldn't act this way."
"I'm not interfering, Mother," Daphne said.
"Help is available, if you want it."
Cordelia stared straight ahead.
Daphne had been a healer long enough to read Cordelia.
She knew her mother was struggling with her own program to control her intake.
Daphne also knew forcing Cordelia into treatment while she continued to resist acknowledging her problem would not work.
Cordelia looked into Daphne's eyes and Daphne looked back.
"I'll let you know," she said.
"Fine," Daphne agreed.
Harry had tabled an offer to Narcissa to host some event for Draco and Astoria during their engagement.
Little communications went back and forth, usually via Daphne and Astoria, as the principals considered a range of suitable activities and venues.
These included a lawn party at Potter Manor, the same at Greengrass Manor, a dinner and a champagne brunch.
Harry and Daphne reached an agreement between themselves for a lawn party at Potter Manor.
This led to an invitation to Narcissa Malfoy, and Lucius as well, if he was interested, to tea.
Narcissa came with Draco, the two of them apparating to the front lawn.
"You picked a nice spot," Harry called from the front steps.
"You'll get the full effect from there."
"This is quite the…" Draco began as he walked his mother to the house, getting just that far before discovering he had not given thought to picking a complimentary close.
"Pile," Harry finished.
"From another era is one way to put it."
Draco looked befuddled but Narcissa caught Harry's meaning.
"Tastes change," she said as she presented her cheek for a kiss, then turned her head in expectation of another.
Harry obliged.
"They do," Harry said as he shook Draco's hand.
"This particular period has completely disappeared.
Still, it's too much fun to knock down and rebuild.
Come on in."
Harry had asked Kreacher to come along for the meeting with the Malfoys, so he was available to deliver his most gracious deep bow and growl out a welcome.
Narcissa and Draco got out of their traveling cloaks and handed them to Kreacher.
"Ever been here, Mrs.
Malfoy?"
asked Harry.
"Mr.
Potter?"
said Narcissa.
"Harry, please," Harry said.
"Then it's Narcissa, isn't it?
It's only fair," she responded.
"Ever been here, Narcissa?"
asked Harry, backing up and trying again.
"When I was a girl, very young, but yes, I do remember this hall, through there was the big salon, the door there is the dining room?
Yes, I see your table," said Narcissa.
"Well, why don't we tour and then Kreacher can treat us all to tea or coffee?"
said Harry.
A 'pop' sounded out on the green, alerting all three to the arrival of another magical of some sort out front.
Three hands automatically prepared to draw wands.
Harry stood in front of the great front door as it opened.
There was only one person besides Harry for whom the door would open automatically, and that was Daphne.
Harry relaxed a little, saw Daphne and loosened his grip.
"I'm late, sorry," said Daphne.
She still wore her St. Mungo's uniform top and trousers under her cloak.
"You're just in time, we were barely inside," Harry said.
The front door closed with a long, satisfied sigh, a full stop indicated by the loud click of the bolt as it slammed itself home.
Everyone heard the door say to itself, "There," but no one wanted to admit it.
"Narcissa, Draco," said Daphne, rushing her greeting.
"Sorry, got held up.
I'll just…" She made some wiggling finger motions toward the stairs and began to climb.
"Might as well wait for her, she won't be a minute," Harry said as he stepped over to the door to the salon.
"Well, maybe a minute or two.
Kreacher!"
The lamps, candles and sconces lit up when Harry stepped inside.
He had advised the fireplace it was resting over the warm months unless he needed it for some special occasion.
Harry got his guests seated just as Kreacher appeared.
"Pitcher of ice water and some hot towels for our travelers, please," Harry said.
"We'll freshen them up after their journey."
Narcissa smiled her approval while Draco looked around at the portraits looking back at him.
"Know these people?"
Harry asked the Malfoys.
"She looks familiar," said Narcissa to Harry before she turned to face Dorea.
"You do, Madam."
"Oh, well, Harry, perhaps you should…," said Dorea.
"My great-grandmother, Dorea Black Potter," Harry said, waving toward Dorea's portrait in explanation.
"Grandmother Dorea, may I present our cousin, Narcissa Black Malfoy, and her son, Draco Malfoy?"
"Oh…Aunt Dorea…we've never met, I…" stammered an embarrassed Narcissa.
"Yes, it's me," said Dorea.
"The exile.
Charlus' stolen property, among other things you might have heard."
"Aunt Dorea, Lord Black made a huge mistake, back then," said Narcissa.
"I can tell already.
It never was completely clear to me, were you formally banished or what?
The old witches would just say, 'We don't talk about her,' then they'd shut their mouths."
"I'm not sure that has any relevance at present, Narcissa, since today's Lord Black assures me I am current in my dues and in good standing with him," said Dorea with a smile.
"So you are, Grandmother.
Here, I'll take those," Harry said, holding out his hand for the towels.
"Kreacher!"
"So, Draco," said Daphne as she came in from the hallway.
She walked directly to Draco and traded kisses before stepping over to Narcissa.
"Madam Malfoy."
Daphne took Narcissa's offered hand in both of hers, dropping into a deep curtsy and bringing the hand to her lips, holding the awkward position for a beat or two before rising and letting go.
"My dear," said Narcissa, reaching out to bring Daphne's head to herself for kisses, left, right, and left a second time.
"Thank-you for receiving us in your home this afternoon."
"Oh, Harry—" was as far as Daphne got in her mild protest.
"Nonsense," said Narcissa.
"Protocol be damned."
She kept hold of Daphne's right hand with her left and raised it up so they could all admire Iolanthe's ring.
Daphne blushed.
"Old," said Narcissa, glancing at Harry.
"It is," Harry said.
"It is supposed to have belonged to my several times Great-Grandmother Iolanthe Peverell.
There was a note with the ring.
That is all it said: 'Iolanthe's ring.'
It might not be possible to authenticate it.
We both checked for anything untoward."
Harry looked at Daphne who started to laugh.
"It's true," she said.
"I kind of made him."
"What's funny about that?"
asked Draco.
"Anything that old could have a ton of nasty stuff on it."
"Voice of experience, Draco?"
asked Daphne, her own snark making her laugh once again.
"Well, just saying, can't be too careful, where magic is concerned and all…" Draco managed.
Narcissa looked like she was delighted by Daphne's cheek.
"How about that tour, Harry?"
asked Narcissa.
Harry led the way out, followed by Draco.
Narcissa maneuvered to keep her hold on Daphne's right hand as they walked, her eyes on the sapphire ring, studying it, touching it with the tip of her thumb.
"You and Harry," muttered Narcissa.
"You are very close, aren't you?"
"The dining room," Harry was saying.
He stopped talking to let Narcissa discover the portrait of Walburga and her lads that overlooked the table.
"Oh, Merlin, is that enchanted?"
Narcissa asked.
"Yep," said Sirius.
"You bet!"
added Regulus.
"Is that Narcissa?
And Draco?
Oh, isn't that something?
What are you doing here?"
asked Walburga.
"Scouting locations for a little event we'd like to do for Draco and his fiancée," said Narcissa.
"What are you all doing here?"
"We live here!"
Regulus explained, nearly shouting.
"How cool is that?"
"Very cool," said Draco.
The tour of the public spaces and the lawn and gardens evolved to become a tour of the entirety of Potter Manor.
Harry skipped only the dungeons and the portraits of James and Lily in the breakfast room.
Those were no one's business but the Potters, in Harry's view.
When things were winding down, coffee and tea finished and just before the Malfoys took their leave, Narcissa leaned toward Daphne.
"Can you show me to the powder room?"
she asked and was taken in hand by Daphne.
When they'd gotten there and were free of the wizards Narcissa paused, holding the door handle.
"I need to visit this tea room everyone is talking about," said Narcissa, keeping her voice down.
"When would be a good time for you?"
Several possibilities were available and a date and time were fixed.
When they met at the tea room later that week it seemed to Daphne as if Narcissa just wanted to visit the latest phenomenon in the Magical British array of interesting things to do.
Her conversational leads stuck to ordinary current events among the magical population or plans for the lawn party Harry and Daphne were going to put on for Draco and Astoria.
The other customers went out by ones and twos and the noble witches found themselves alone at one of the low tables.
Narcissa took her time studying the traditional furnishings, rice paper paintings, the Hokusai prints and flower arrangements.
She seemed to approve, lingering over each bit of décor before nodding and moving on to the next.
Daphne was pouring their final cups of tea when Narcissa suddenly circled back to her call at Potter Manor.
"How did Harry come across the sapphire?"
asked Narcissa.
"It really likes you.
There was no holding it in there in your salon."
"Well, it is still Harry's salon, until we tie the knot," Daphne began.
"When we agreed we were the other's intended, though still not formally engaged, Harry gave it to me.
He had found it in the vault at Gringotts, he liked it and wanted to see it worn and said he had been looking for the right occasion."
Narcissa and Daphne exchanged smiles.
Narcissa stretched her arm across the table, again covering Daphne's right hand.
Daphne felt fingertips stroke her little finger.
It should have been disconcerting but somehow wasn't.
"Do you want to know what I think?"
Narcissa asked.
"I think this ring reached out to you.
The deeper meanings of these things are not always clear to us mortals.
The Old Ones sometimes choose to be opaque, maybe a little, maybe a lot.
Iolanthe must have been a very knowledgeable witch.
Powerful.
If I'm right, she knew a Potter was going to need a witch like you someday."
"Narcissa, that's very nice," said Daphne.
"Also a little speculative, it seems to me."
Narcissa stared into Daphne's eyes.
"You'll be Lady Black, someday soon, Daphne," she said.
"I'm married, my surname is Malfoy now, but the Blacks are my birth family, my heritage.
Blacks never really leave the Blacks behind.
Did you know that?
Dorea's portrait proclaimed herself in good standing with the current Lord Black.
Such loyalty, and from a banished soul!
None but the strongest family can hold us like that.
It was a surprise to Lucius, I can tell you, but he found out when it was too late to do anything about it.
If you and Potter complete the journey you're on, and it appears all that's left are the formalities and signing the registry, then you will become my chief, as a Black.
Even if I must cleave to my husband, as I vowed to do.
Do you understand?"
"What?"
asked Daphne.
"Narcissa, what do you want to do?
Or, maybe the question is what do you want me to do?
I know you are fond of Harry, anyone could see it.
In fact, I kind of hoped you wanted to meet for tea someplace quiet and neutral to put my lingering questions to rest.
Which I'm explicitly inviting you to do, right now, in case that isn't clear enough."
"Oh, you are a witch, Daphne Greengrass," said Narcissa.
"We have been so in need of a witch like you.
We haven't had a Lady Black encumbering the office since Walburga died.
Tragic.
Such a leadership vacuum.
Do I find Potter attractive?
Am I fond of him, as you say?
Merlin, yes.
I owe him my life, not to mention Lucius' and Draco's.
He hasn't grown into his power yet, nor his potency, unless I've become incapable of assessing those things.
Yes, remember him in the Great Hall?
I know that you do, it shows on your face.
He'd barely begun to shave yet he prowled through that hall like a natural warlord, the physical and magical in perfect balance, just what we witches want fathering our children.
We can't help it.
Remember that, I won't be the only one.
However, smart witches must be disciplined about such things.
Our lives and futures, yours and mine, are already intertwined and will be much better served by me being honest with you about everything, including my fascination with your husband.
I promise, I vow to respect any boundaries you set.
My job is to be faithful and loyal to you, your trusted servant."
It was Daphne's turn to stare.
She didn't know exactly what Narcissa was getting at but it sounded like the senior witch was confessing a sin, begging for absolution and pledging fealty all in one convenient package.
Daphne considered her companion for what felt like a long time before deciding to find out if she was reading Narcissa accurately.
She extended her right arm across the table, her hand inches from Narcissa.
"It will be my pleasure to accept your offer, Narcissa Black," said Daphne, holding Narcissa's eyes as she spoke.
"This conversation stays between us, unless I learn you have breached confidentiality.
You will help me as we set about restoring our noble family.
For my part I vow that when you have battles to fight you will never again have to fight them alone."
Narcissa let out a long breath as she reached for Daphne's hand.
Daphne watched Narcissa's tears welling up and overflowing her lower lids to slide down across her exquisite, chiseled cheekbones.
Narcissa was shuddering as she took Daphne's hand in both of hers, kissing first the back, then Iolanthe's ring, then the back a second time before leaning forward and down to press Daphne's tear-washed hand to her forehead.
"Thank-you, Lady Daphne," she whispered.
"Thank-you.
You have made me feel whole.
It has been so long.
I had given up hoping I could ever hold my head up again, I swear before Morgana."
Daphne thought the second round of hand-kissing that followed might be overdoing just a bit, although Narcissa obviously craved the catharsis.
Daphne put herself into a role she didn't know anything about, but she was representing her future husband so she resolved to don a mental cloak of office and act the part.
"Please do so," she said, trying for an imperious touch.
"Pull yourself together and I'll take you outside for a walk.
You can use some fresh air, it appears."
Daphne did exactly that, walking Narcissa the full length of Diagon Alley, their arms linked and hoods thrown back.
The point was to present Narcissa to their little society as a Companion of Lady Black.
They took their time before several shop windows, admiring the wares, silver, china and kitchen, that would likely be showing up soon as wedding gifts for Draco and Astoria.
Daphne thought about Walburga and how even her portraits projected an assumption of authority.
She hoped, as she held onto the mental image, that she looked at minimum like a Lady Black in training.
While they walked, Daphne kept up a subtle surveillance of her new retainer.
Narcissa had always seemed to Daphne to have an abundance of natural beauty, exquisite manners and a brittleness that communicated self-doubt.
Narcissa, a noble and tragic witch whose handsome and talented husband possessed an unerring instinct for picking the second-place horse to win, over and over, was bound to develop doubts.
Anyone would.
Daphne was pleased to observe Narcissa was walking with her head held up.
"What is wrong with me?"
Narcissa had been asking herself.
"Nothing wrong with you, dear," said Daphne's actions, "You've just been letting the other one confuse galleons with manhood.
What better place than Diagon Alley to begin fixing you?"
The street—shoppers, goblins, people on business and the ambient magic—recognized the two noble and handsome witches, of course.
The nuance was startlingly clear for all of those present who were sensitive enough to read the magical language inherent in the witches' stroll.
Daphne Greengrass, the intended of Lord Harry Potter Black, was allying with Narcissa Malfoy.
The news bit was recorded and the reassessments began.
What would it all mean for Magical Britain?Merit and Inheritance Chapter Thirty-three Cordelia's Episode The Potter Manor garden party for Astoria and Draco went well, or very well, depending on one's point of view.
There was one little incident of note that mainly concerned Harry, Daphne, Astoria and Cyrus, when Cordelia exceeded her limitations and began to lobby Harry to declare the pool open for skinny-dipping.
When she did not get a positive response, she tried casting a bigger net and began asking loudly that her immediate neighbors join her cause.
Daphne and Cyrus combined to get Cordelia inside and upstairs for a little lie-down and a cold compress for her forehead.
Cyrus went back to the gardens while Daphne stayed behind to watch over Cordelia.
"Where am I?
What room is this?"
Cordelia asked from beneath the cold hand towel.
"It's my room," said Daphne, not really thinking about it.
"Your room?
Your room, Daphne Greengrass?
Why do you have a room at Potter's?"
demanded Cordelia, getting her elbow beneath her and trying to raise up.
She'd had more than she thought, though, and flopped back down.
"Yes, Mother, my room," said Daphne.
"It's a manor, there are lots more rooms than Harry can use, so he let me take my pick.
When I work all night I'll come out here to sleep.
This is a lot quieter than my flat."
"I see," said Cordelia.
She readjusted her towel, just covering her eyes and appeared to drift off.
"You can sleep in your room at home, if you need it quiet," she revived just enough to say.
Cordelia fell asleep.
"I know, Mum," said Daphne as she leaned over and kissed Cordelia's damp forehead.
Daphne stayed around a few minutes more, just to make sure Cordelia was sound asleep, then went downstairs and rejoined the party.
Guests were beginning to take their leave.
Harry stood with Draco and Astoria, before a bank of five spectacular gardenias, shaking hands and thanking people for coming.
Some of the older guests had known James and Lily.
More than one of the older witches teared up when they told Harry how good it felt to be a guest at Potter Manor again.
Daphne arrived and took her place beside Harry.
The four became a reverse receiving line.
Astoria was told she was going to be such a beautiful bride, Draco got countless congratulations and best wishes, Harry was commended for taking care of his historic property and Daphne was blessed, complimented on her beauty, thanked for the invitation and given a multitude of conversational openings to confide hers and Harry's relationship status, all of which she graciously deflected.
"Merlin, who invited him?"
Daphne asked, spotting Laurent Selwyn heading their way.
"No one," said Draco.
"He is a plus-one.
Who's that witch, Astoria?"
"Meritous Pennyfarthing," said Astoria.
"Goes by Meri."
Meritous Pennyfarthing was a witch from Astoria's year whose only distinguishing characteristic at Hogwarts had been her acknowledged status as a charms prodigy.
Astoria had gotten to know her because Astoria had an affinity for charms as well, although she wasn't the prize-winner Meri was.
"I can see we're going to have to discuss this further," Daphne muttered to Astoria.
"Meri!"
said Astoria.
"And Laurent."
"Oh, Astoria, what a happy occasion!"
said Ms. Pennyfarthing.
"Everyone has been so nice, even when we didn't know each other.
Draco, good afternoon, congratulations on your engagement.
I've been anticipating today since the invitation arrived and I know so many other witches and wizards have been, too."
Meri continued on to Harry and Daphne, handing out gracious social niceties as if she had an endless supply and could, if pressed, keep it up until time for Evensong.
Laurent Selwyn appeared to have gotten over his disappointment with his family's failed negotiations with Cyrus Greengrass.
He followed in Meri's wake, nodding and giving each hand offered one perfunctory shake.
"Best," Laurent said, nodding to Astoria.
Draco received the corollary: "Congratulations."
Laurent loosened up enough to tell Harry, "Thank-you for including me."
"Daphne," he said, finally, taking her hand.
While his date waited patiently Laurent took his time looking into Daphne's eyes before giving her face and hair a more general inspection.
He had the self-discipline not to keep going and assess her torso, to Daphne's complete surprise.
Laurent's middle finger curled around and lay across Daphne's little finger and Iolanthe's ring.
Daphne felt it move across the sapphire, once, twice, stroking.
It couldn't have been unintentional.
"Now that is going too far," Daphne thought, immediately noticing Selwyn's face change from party-guest-civil to one of shock mixed with surprise.
He jerked his hand away and turned to Meri.
"I suppose," he began, not waiting for Meri's response but turning immediately for the front of the house and its convenient apparition point.
Daphne thought he seemed to be hurrying away, even from Meri.
He raised his right hand, looked it over and worked the fingers more than once before they rounded the corner out of sight.
Daphne remembered Narcissa's thoughts as she stroked Iolanthe's ring with her left hand and waited for Hannah and Neville to work the line.
"Thank-you," she thought.
"I wonder what else can you do?"
Narcissa waited until only a few guests were left, chatting as they walked toward their hosts.
She walked up and stood next to Daphne's shoulder, away from the rest of the principals.
"What can I do?"
Narcissa asked as she leaned close, speaking just for her prospective chieftain.
A number of tasks occurred to Daphne, some self-canceling, others more practical.
"Give us just a moment with these people and then come with me," she muttered.
When she was free Daphne caught Narcissa's eye and tilted her head toward the house.
"Mother might benefit from a chat with a peer, someone with a little longer perspective," said Daphne "Someone, old, like me," said Narcissa, the glee in her self-assessment coming through.
"Someone with her kind of life experience," said Daphne.
"I'll always be her daughter.
That may be getting in the way of her search for clarification."
Together they climbed the stairs to the second floor, and Daphne's Potter Manor bedroom.
"Mum?"
Daphne called softly, into the darkness through the half-opened door.
Muffled sounds came back, barely audible.
To Narcissa and Daphne they sounded like noise and not words, so nothing was lost.
"Mum?"
Daphne called again.
The room's enchantments recognized their mistress and lit the sconces.
Daphne sat on the edge of her bed.
Cordelia had pulled the pillow over her face and was intent on keeping her weeping private.
She pushed Daphne's hand away from the pillow, once, twice, before Daphne succeeded in getting the pillow from Cordelia's red and puffy face.
"What do you think, Mum?"
Daphne asked.
"Time for a little coffee?
Tea?
Do you feel up to it?"
"I can't go down there again," moaned Cordelia.
"Did I ruin Astoria's party?
I did, I ruined Astoria's engagement party.
Harry won't ever invite me back, will he?"
Daphne looked at Narcissa, motioning with her eyes toward a chair that sat by the bedside table.
Daphne cast a silent accio!
The chair slid across the carpet to a spot convenient to Cordelia.
Narcissa sat down and took Cordelia's hand.
"Narcissa?
What are you doing here?"
asked Cordelia, clearly startled by the appearance of someone outside her immediate family.
"Chatting up my soon-to-be in-law, Cordelia," said Narcissa.
"Having a tough day?
I've had some.
Daphne thought we might resonate a little.
If you'd like that."
Cordelia was silent, with nothing moving but the hand that gripped Narcissa's and the tears running from her eyes.
From time to time Daphne dabbed her mother's cheeks with a tissue.
Daphne let things go on as long as they seemed, in her healer's judgment, to serve a therapeutic purpose.
She noticed Cordelia's wand was lying on the bed next to her left hand, so she picked it up and crossed to a vanity table, quietly opening and closing a drawer.
"Just for safety's sake," Daphne said to herself, although she didn't care one way or the other if Cordelia and Narcissa heard.
"How about that coffee, Mum?"
Daphne asked.
"Did I ruin everything?"
Cordelia moaned, looking at Narcissa.
"Oh, dear, no," answered Narcissa.
"You humanized a rather stilted and tradition-encrusted magical social ritual.
Gave something flat just a bit of effervescence.
Of course, one of those per lifetime, at these sorts of things, might be just right.
Wouldn't want a repeat."
"I won't, I won't, I swear," insisted Cordelia.
She was making her case to Narcissa, but Narcissa thought Daphne would be a better arbiter.
"Cordelia, you might want to speak to Daphne about that," said Narcissa.
"She has much more knowledge on these matters than either you or me."
Cordelia was startled enough to give a single, visible shudder.
"Daphne?"
"Mum?"
"Maybe I should have that coffee.
Can you summon an elf?"
"Oh, why don't we get you up, Mum?"
asked Daphne.
"You'll feel better.
Need a little comfort stop?
The loo's just there."
Daphne and Narcissa got Cordelia's feet and legs reoriented before sliding their arms under her back and lifting.
Cordelia wobbled back and forth a couple of times.
Narcissa and Daphne flanked Cordelia until they got to the door to the bathroom.
"She has to get out of here," Daphne said after stepping away from the door.
"We need to talk, witch to witch to witch, while she faces up to what she's done.
That business outside fits into a mosaic that comes straight from her alcohol dependency.
Now is the time to help her see that.
No judgment."
"Where?"
asked Narcissa.
"Dining room, sitting up, hard-backed chairs.
You'll stay with us," Daphne said, finishing up.
When they had Cordelia downstairs and inside the dining room Daphne let Narcissa get her mother seated while she stepped out into the hall and ordered coffee and cups for everyone.
Coming back inside, Daphne closed the double doors and wanded the lock.
Narcissa caught the nuance.
She glanced at Walburga before nodding at Daphne.
"Lady Daphne," she said, affirming her approval.
"Thank-you, Kreacher, just leave everything right there," said Daphne when Harry's elf arrived.
"I'll be serving our guests."
Kreacher, as a house elf, didn't bother with locked doors when following his mistress' orders, and promptly vanished with a distinct 'pop.'
"How about black, Mother?"
said Daphne.
"You might not tolerate the milk and sugar right now."
"What are you going to do, Daphne?
Lock me away?"
Cordelia's tone was plaintive and accepting, all at once.
It would have broken hearts had both of her companions not passed through worse.
"No, Mother, you're a long way from needing to be locked away," said Daphne as she put two black coffees in front of Narcissa and Cordelia.
"We're going to have a talk.
There are some things we can't put off discussing any longer.
We're all just witches in here, helping one another on life's journey."
Daphne didn't start throwing facts at Cordelia right away.
She just sat close by, letting Narcissa smile and take Cordelia's hand now and then, letting Cordelia talk about whatever was on Cordelia's mind.
"I guess it wasn't funny, in that context," said Cordelia, more or less spontaneously.
She looked out the dining room window at the grounds.
"Such a lovely estate."
"Cyrus can lock it all up.
He can keep the key," said Cordelia.
"I trust we can open a bottle of some cheap Italian red when we have spaghetti?"
"That's not what you need to do, Mother," said Daphne.
"You're talking about going completely dry?
I'll cut down!
I just need one with spaghetti!"
"Mother, what happened this afternoon?"
asked Daphne.
"Right, one, or possibly two too many," Cordelia began.
"It was Astoria's lawn party, I wanted to celebrate with her.
She's so happy to be marrying Draco, and becoming a Malfoy, too, Narcissa.
It isn't about me, I just got a little too celebratory."
"You told us upstairs you couldn't face Astoria again," said Daphne.
She let it hang there, something for Cordelia to consider.
"I don't know if I can do what you're asking," said Cordelia.
"There is too much on my plate.
We're working out of Cyrus' financial mess, he is no help anymore, he just sits there, I have to keep us on budget…" Narcissa broke her silence.
"Cordelia, you have a strong, strong family.
Daphne and Astoria are capable women.
If Cyrus won't pitch in, your daughters can take up some of the slack.
I will, of course, support them any way I can.
Lucius Malfoy is not consuming one hundred percent of my time these days."
Daphne smiled at Narcissa, giving her a little nod of approval and thanks for the reinforcement.
"You need to give up alcohol, Mother," said Daphne.
"You've enjoyed yourself for years and years, longer than most people get.
Time's up, or we won't have you much longer."
"Daphne, I, since I was barely out of childhood, always had myself under control, never was a sloppy drunk…" stammered Cordelia.
"Oh, I know," said Daphne.
"You could hold your liquor, couldn't you?
That isn't the determining factor.
That doesn't have anything to do with what is happening inside you.
We have a program at St. Mungo's.
The patient has to check in voluntarily.
Two days for evaluation, another twenty-four hours during which you take a potion or two and discuss the results of your examinations with your healer.
Witches and wizards are very lucky in that we have potions that begin working quickly to repair old damage.
Muggles have a much rockier road ahead of them.
"You do have to stop drinking, though.
That's what I meant by your time is up."
"What?
What time is up?"
demanded Cordelia.
"Your body is showing the signs of long-term abuse of alcohol," said Daphne.
"I see a lot of it in my practice.
The little red lines on your cheekbones?
Those are little ruptured blood vessels.
You're a bit distended in the abdomen.
That's your liver.
Your body is giving out.
The good news is you still have time to put it all behind you.
If you want to stay here with us a little longer."
Cordelia broke into sobs, buried her face in the crook of her arm, and went incommunicado.
Narcissa lay her arm over Cordelia's shoulder and spoke softly in her ear.
"Listen to Lady Daphne, Cordelia, she is our expert.
She wants to see you healthy again, so you can attend Astoria's wedding.
Daphne's too, of course.
I doubt she'll be willing to wait for very long, once Draco and Astoria are launched.
Your girls need you here.
Your husband does too, doesn't he?
Do you want to get better?"
"Yes," sobbed Cordelia.
Daphne had been waiting for that "Yes."
"Can you sit here for a few minutes, Narcissa?
I'd prefer if you could keep it to just you two.
If the wizards show up, you're authorized to work some wiles, if you can keep it reasonable," said Daphne, on her way out the door.
When she got back from St. Mungo's, Daphne breezed into Potter Manor and went straight to the dining room.
She was not pleased to see Cyrus and Astoria flanking Cordelia.
Daphne wiggled her eyebrows at Narcissa, who shrugged.
"What did you want me to do?"
she appeared to ask.
Daphne didn't see any reason to dither so she just plowed ahead.
"Mother, I've just come from St. Mungo's, where I've arranged a bed for you in the unit we discussed.
I would like for you to come with me, now.
Your condition demands action, on your part," she said.
"Oh, Daphne, you were always our thespian," said Cyrus, almost chortling.
"Every family needs one.
Let's not make more of this than we need to.
If you'll just help me get your mother back to Greengrass Manor, she can get a good, restful night's sleep and we'll all put this in perspective in the morning."
Daphne did her best to completely ignore her father and his irrelevancies.
Turning to her mother she asked, "Mother, can I take you to St. Mungo's?
It's all arranged.
Why don't you come with me?"
"She said she wants to go home, Daphne.
It's been a stressful day," Cyrus whined.
"Mother!"
said Daphne.
"There is no easy way to say this, Mother.
Life, or death?
You choose."
Walburga Black had been put away for decades and had lost some of the social polish she'd once had.
She was becoming agitated, having to watch Cyrus Greengrass fumble about, intervening in matters in which he had no expertise, working at cross purposes to his brilliant healer daughter.
Life or death?
What's to choose?
What was wrong with the blowhard?
It wasn't long before Walburga decided she had heard enough.
"Everyone but Daphne can SHUT UP!"
The command rattled the crystals hanging off the chandelier.
Everyone turned to look at Walburga and her lads.
"I beg your pardon?"
huffed Cyrus.
"Who are you?
Daphne, who is this?
Do portraits order living humans around in this house?"
"Father…" Daphne began.
"May I?"
asked Narcissa.
She didn't wait for Daphne's answer but tuned her voice to its most seductive band.
"Cyrus, dear, the lady in the portrait is Walburga Black, our grand dame of grand dames.
She has more influence from her side of the Veil than most of us have from this side, so I beg your indulgence to gently suggest that you should do as Madam Walburga advises.
It's really in your best interest.
Now, Cordelia, Daphne thinks it is advisable for you to see her colleague and get evaluated.
Lady Daphne is very learned and loves you very much, so she wouldn't steer you wrong, would she?
Will you put yourself in her hands?"
Cordelia listened to Narcissa while staring at her face as if mesmerized.
Something about the combination of reasonable communication, one on one, and Narcissa's slight smile backed by oceans of charisma worked wonders.
What's more, Narcissa anointed her daughter Lady Daphne, a curious styling that implied hidden undercurrents between them.
Months and months later, when Cordelia could talk about it all, she said that, in the course of Narcissa's summing-up, she realized Narcissa's was the voice she had been waiting and listening for.
"Of course, Narcissa, how could I not?"
asked Cordelia.
She leaned forward, forearms on the dining table, and stood up.
"Let's go," she said.
She looked Daphne straight in the eye.
"Better hurry or I'll change my mind."
Narcissa and Draco waited with Harry for Daphne's return.
Astoria wanted to stay with Draco so Cyrus hung around a little longer before going home alone.
"If she has time, will you ask Daphne to come by?"
Cyrus asked Harry.
"Of course, Cyrus," Harry said.
He walked Cyrus outside to the apparition point.
"Poor Mum," said Astoria when they had all reconvened in the salon "Daphne will see she gets the best St. Mungo's can offer," said Narcissa.
"She'll have to do a little work on her own.
We'll all support her, won't we?"
The young people all concurred.
While they waited for Daphne, Harry had Kreacher keep the carafes filled and hot, along with trays of leftovers from the lawn party.
"Miss me?"
asked Daphne as she walked in the salon.
"Oh, I see the party just moved in here.
Where's Father?"
"Went home," said Astoria.
"He'd like a word," Harry added.
Daphne took a deep breath and blew it back out.
"Of course he would," she said.
Daphne spent the next half-hour talking with her sister, and her sister's prospective husband, about Cordelia's admission and her expectations once the evaluation and treatment phase of her recovery effort were past.
Daphne sanitized several cases from her own experience, omitting names and anything more identifying than pronouns.
The St. Mungo's program had a good record.
At the same time, Daphne was honest about how the family had to understand the probability of a relapse or two was much higher than success the first time around.
Daphne went to Greengrass Manor with Draco and Astoria, as soon as Narcissa departed for the Malfoys.'
She found Cyrus in his high-backed desk chair, sitting before a window and watching birds gliding through on the way to their roosts.
"Father?"
Daphne said as she came in the study.
"Daphne!"
said Cyrus.
"Watching a few birds."
"I see," said Daphne, nodding at the bird guide and binoculars on the window sill.
"Something to drink?"
Cyrus asked.
"I left a cup of tea half-full at Harry's," said Daphne.
"What can I do for you this evening?"
"How is she?"
Cyrus asked, with no segue.
It was obvious to Daphne that it cost her father some pride to acknowledge, by asking, that he had to ask.
"Fine, right now," said Daphne.
"The next few days will be really hard for her, although, with the potions they use in the unit the physical effects of withdrawal are well-moderated."
"What happened?"
Cyrus asked.
"She liked her wine with meals and a nightcap to get to sleep…" "Don't blame yourself, Father," said Daphne.
"We're responsible for our own actions, not the next person's, even if it is a family member.
Mother didn't notice she had a problem until recently.
She just tippled herself into a spot.
Now she has to decide if she wants to move on.
There are potions and programs that can help."
Cyrus sat quietly, staring out the window.
Daphne pulled a chair around and joined him.
Neither had anything to say right away.
"Did I do this?
Did I do this to your mother?"
Cyrus' mutter was barely audible.
"No, she liked her wine long before she became involved with you," Father.
"I won't breach any confidences but you can be sure the problem is Mother's.
Is there anything you want to get off your chest?"
"Ahhh…I knew she was hitting it a little too hard," Cyrus said.
"She was always so much fun to be around.
It just escaped my notice the fun and a little glass of something or other always went together.
She's mortified right now, about her performance at Potter's.
Thinks Astoria will always see her the way she was, right there in front of the cream of Magical Britain."
"Father, there is no reason to concern yourself right now," said Daphne.
"We all have plenty of work to do.
Focus on that and let mother work with her healers for a few days.
Besides, as you well know, the cream of Magical Britain harbors a disproportionate share of the total amount of vice on this island."
They chatted a little longer, then Daphne went to find Astoria, who was in the salon with Draco.
Neither spoke although they raised their eyebrows together as if they'd been drilling since Daphne had left them.
The combined effect was so funny-looking it made Daphne laugh.
"You two…" she tried, getting no further.
"How is she?"
asked Astoria.
"Not good," answered Daphne.
"We'll see what her exams show.
The visible physical symptoms say she has something like twelve to eighteen months left to live at her current consumption level."
Astoria let out a gasp.
"A year?
Mum has a year left to live?"
"Astoria, I'm going by the things I can see, not an exam or proper diagnostics," said Daphne.
"But yes, the visible damage is consistent with a prognosis of a year to a year and a half.
That is if she keeps going at her present pace."
"I never saw Lady Cordelia drunk," said Draco.
"What happened?"
"It isn't necessary to get drunk," Daphne said.
"Steady dawn-to-dusk drinking, day after day, is all it takes.
Alcohol is poison and the effects are cumulative."
"I had no idea," said Astoria.
Draco shook his head.
"Nor I," he said.
Draco reached across, took Astoria's hand and gave it a squeeze.
"I should be getting home.
Are you all settled in?"
"Daphne?"
asked Astoria.
"Sure," said Daphne.
"We'll manage."
