"Gwen?
Gwen!"
Hermione called over her shoulder, annoyance thick in her tone as her assistant lagged behind, batting her lashes at Teddy.
She was met with a peal of flirtatious laughter.
Stopping abruptly, Hermione turned on her heel with a narrowed expression.
"Gwendolyn?"
The laughter faded away, Gwen turning her bright smile on Hermione.
"Yeah, boss?"
A curt smile curled Hermione's lips upwards.
"Everyone is fully aware that Teddy here is quite pretty.
Yes?"
Teddy shifted, grimacing slightly while Gwen gasped, her doe-eyes innocent as if she hadn't just been shamelessly flirting with the man.
"Good, we're in agreement.
Now."
Hermoine paused, inhaling sharply through her nose.
"This trip is incredibly important.
Not just to me—oh no.
It's important to the all wizarding-kind.
So, please keep your canoodling to after-hours.
Okay?"
Clearing her throat, Gwen shifted and pursed her lips.
"Of course, Minister.
Sorry, ma'am."
"Brilliant."
Hermione shot a pointed look at Teddy, whose lips were twitching in amusement.
"Now, let's go.
Portkey leaves in ten minutes."
The sharp point of Hermione's pumps clicked against the cool tile as Gwen picked up her pace and flipped open her folio, reading off the agenda upon arriving in New York.
For years, even before ascending to the Minister's Chair, Hermione had been an advocate for the International Magical Coalition.
The war that had ravaged Britain was too quickly glossed over by the rest of Europe and the world as a whole.
But she hadn't forgotten.
She vividly remembered every day of it; nightmares still terrorized her dreams, the slightest hunger pain brought her back to eating tiny winter berries knowing full well they'd make her sick.
For all those months, they'd fought mostly alone: children and untrained citizens, rising up with magical creatures of all species.
Since the fall of Voldemort, the magical community had been at peace.
But, Hermione refused to wait until they were already too far deep in another war to do something about it.
Establishing the IMC had been the headline of her campaign; as a war heroine, Hermione refused to settle for the reign and terror of Lord Voldemort fading into history books soon to be forgotten for another generation.
But, as with all things, MACUSA was being a real pain in her arse.
Their Magical President was amenable enough; however, getting in front of her was the problem.
A Congressman, Mister Watson, was a perpetual thorn in her side, and it had finally been established that she needed to come and see to it in person that MACUSA was officially part of the IMC.
Needless to say, Hermione was not leaving without the President's written agreement.
She had several meetings throughout the week, strategy and planning sessions with various members of MACUSA, all ending with the Presidential Ball at the end of the week.
As such, Hermione had zero tolerance for handsome young men flirting with her or her assistant.
There was going to be zero tolerance for— "Hermione!"
Freezing mid-step, Hermione felt her blood run cold.
Ron.
What the bloody hell was he doing here?
Her jaw clenched—six minutes to Portkey.
Turning sharply, she fixed a bright smile on her face, painstakingly aware of each person walking past.
"Ron?
What on earth are you doing here?"
"Hey, Teddy," Ron nodded over Hermione's shoulder.
"Wren."
Hermione's eyes clenched shut, and she brought her fingers up to massage the bridge of her nose.
"It's Gwen; she's been my assistant for seven years, Ronald.
What do you need?"
"Why didn't you tell me you were going out of town for the week?
I found out from Harry; seems like something I should probably know."
Dragging a hand through his overgrown hair, Hermione almost saw a glimpse of the man she'd fallen in love with.
Almost.
"I have to go; the Portkey is about to activate.
We'll talk next week—" Hermoine turned to resume her route to the Portkey Liaison Office when Ron's fingers darted out, wrapping around her elbow and stopping her.
Teddy took a quick step forward, his hand flinching for his wand holster, and Ron snorted.
"She's my wife, Ted.
Stand down."
Wrenching her arm back into her own possession, Hermoine fussed with her jacket and inhaled sharply through her nose.
"Please don't instruct my staff, Ron.
My Portkey leaves any minute; I really need to go."
She made it all of three steps before he called out to her again.
"It's Rosie!
Gryffindor's Chaser got hurt; she won't be playing in the game on Friday, so Rosie's in.
She wants to know if we can make it."
Ron's brows were high, inching towards his hairline as he awaited his answer.
Bugger it all.
Disappointment lanced through her, and she felt familiar pressure behind her sinuses.
"I can't, Ron," she breathed.
"This trip—" "Yeah," Ron scoffed, his lip curling in that same disappointed frown he always wore for her these days.
"It's important, right?
They're always more important than your family."
An audible groan rumbled from her lips, her eyes rolling in her skull.
"Merlin, Ron.
It's my job!
It's what pays for your ale hobby, in case you forget."
"Right, because that's all I did.
Who was raising our bloody kids while you made your climb to the top—" Her mouth fell open, a quick, well-rehearsed retort on her lips when Teddy cleared his throat behind her.
"Two minutes to Portkey, Minister."
Merlin, she was exhausted.
Fighting the same fight for over a decade had made her exhausted.
Her eyes fluttered closed, and she let out a long breath.
"I've got to go.
If you talk to Rose, tell her I'll Floo her this weekend.
Goodbye, Ron."
Gwen stood at the door, ushering Hermione through as she ignored the grumbled expletives at her back.
xXx "I'll get us checked in, Minister."
Gwen gave a quiet, almost apologetic smile and left for the front desk of the posh hotel in New York.
Poor girl, she'd seen more arguments than Hermione could frankly remembering having.
Pinching the bridge of her nose, Hermione focused on her breath.
Truthfully, she was partly humiliated that her employees had seen the little outburst, but more than that, she was devastated to be missing Rosie's first game.
The girl had been born to play Quidditch; there wasn't a time that she wasn't chasing a Snitch or practicing her aim with a Quaffle.
"Are you okay, Hermione?"
No.
"Of course, Teddy.
I'm sorry about that; he normally doesn't try that at the Ministry.
Must have been my lucky day."
Gwen returned, and they made their way to the top floor of the hotel.
The room was lavish, not that she was used to anything else these days.
Long gone were the days of the dusty couch at Grimmauld or sharing a bed with Ginny in the Burrow.
The rich tapestries and king-sized beds of penthouse suites were her new normal... except that it also meant the other side of the bed was empty.
This room in particular was quite lovely, all tall ceilings and a wide wall of windows that showcased Manhattan in all of its chaotic glory.
There was a sitting area with modern furniture in shapes of various sizes, an impressive wet bar, and in the adjacent room was a heavenly bed with white netting hanging from its four posters.
"Right," Gwen said, stepping forward with a firm set to her lips.
"You've got about two hours, Minister.
Congressman Watson's assistant is heading by to escort us to his office for our initial meeting, and then there's a business dinner scheduled this evening at a restaurant called The Hawthorne."
Moving through the room, Hermione set down her briefcase and kicked off her heels, mostly ignoring what her assistant had already told her half an hour prior.
"Gwen, see if you can contact the International Portkey Office and get me back to Hogwarts in time for the game on Saturday, yeah?"
There was a beat of tense silence as Gwen flipped open her folio, staring at the agenda for the week.
"That's the night of the Presidential Ball."
"Well, I won't stay the entire game.
Just see if I can get there and back—" Nervousness rippled from Gwen's shoulders as she pulled a face, her eyes never leaving the parchment in hand.
"Games start at ten o'clock, right?"
She looked briefly to Teddy who nodded.
"That's five in the morning here; we'd have to get the Portkey for four o'clock at the latest and get you back here in time for your nine o'clock brunch at the President's Mansion—" "Damnit, Gwen!
Just figure it out!
Or don't, but don't sit here and chew on my schedule for me.
Move the shite around or tell me you can't and that I'm going to miss my daughter's first Quidditch game."
Her hand sliced through the air, tears welling in her eyes as they always did when she was furious.
Gwen flinched, and Hermione pressed her eyelids shut, quelling the thundering of her heart.
"I'm sorry, Gwen.
That was inappropriate."
Hermoine took the few steps to the nearest armchair and fell into it in an exhausted heap.
"Will you please see what we can do about rearranging the schedule?
I know it's impossible, but I can't forgive myself if we don't try.
Get a Floo set up with the Headmistress as soon as possible so I can explain.
And definitely one for Saturday morning so I can wish her good luck."
Gwen nodded once and turned sharply on her heel, exiting the room and leaving Hermione to curl in on herself like a cat.
Merlin, it was only eight-thirty in London, and she was bloody exhausted.
A soft cough caused her eyes to snap open, and she realized suddenly she wasn't as alone as she thought she was.
Dipping her stocking clad toes back to the carpet, she tugged on her pencil skirt and fixed a weak smile on her lips.
"Oh, Teddy.
You've gotten quite the show this morning—" "Is there anything I can do for you, Hermione?"
Teddy's eyes were tight and cautious, and she couldn't help but feel ashamed that she'd turned into such a beast that everyone was nervous to be in the sheer vicinity of her.
"No, quite alright.
Get some rest, yeah?
It'll be a long day.
Jacobs usually keeps his room adjacent, if not attached, in case of emergency.
The man is always ready for a disaster that never comes."
Hermoine leaned back, pulling her feet up under her yet again and letting her eyes fall closed.
"If you need anything, I'll be next door.
And Hermione?"
Begrudgingly, she rolled her head towards the door and opened her eyes.
"I'm sorry."
She chuckled dryly.
"Merlin, what on earth for?"
"You don't deserve to have a man talk to you like that—that's no man at all.
You deserve to be told—" His breath caught, eyes crinkling the way his father's used to.
"Well, you don't deserve that.
And if it was my place, I would never have allowed it."
Unfamiliar and thick emotion stuck to the sides of her throat; Merlin, it felt good to hear that.
Even if it shouldn't.
"And I'm sorry about Rosie's game," he continued.
"I hope we get something figured out."
"It's the irony of power, Teddy.
You finally get it, and you can't do anything."
Her lips curled in a wry smile before she rested back in her chair for the final time, ignoring that he lingered at the door for an extra moment before it finally clicked shut.
xXx "Congressman Watson!"
Hermione beamed, extending her hand to the gentleman still seated at his desk.
Stupid dolt didn't even know when to rise for the blasted Minister for Magic.
"So wonderful to finally meet you."
"And you, Mrs Granger."
Watson smiled in return, but it didn't touch his eyes, and Hermione waited, hands clasped until he finally beckoned to her to sit.
She tucked her skirt underneath her, crossing one ankle over the other like a proper British woman before fixing him with a smile she reserved only for those she truly detested.
"It's actually Minister Granger; they gave me a shiny new title when I took the Minister's Chair."
The man across from her smiled wickedly, leaning back in his chair and crossing his hands over his flat stomach.
He was older, she assumed, based on the pure white of his hair, but he looked barely over forty.
There was something she'd come to understand about men who looked as handsome as Drew Watson; they were dangerous, and it twisted like a nervous eel in belly when he arched a perfect brow in her direction.
"Forgive me, Minister—" His voice oozed saccharine, and Hermione knew from exactly this moment that she despised Congressman Watson.
"I forget how very British you all can be.
You may call me Drew or Watson, whichever you prefer."
His palms lifted, an annoying display of his nonchalance in the face of English manners.
Fine.
If he wanted a Brit, he'd get one.
"So, Drew—" His eyes narrowed, and behind her she swore she heard Teddy cough, doing an absolutely wretched job of hiding his laughter.
"For whatever the reason, I'm here discussing foreign policy with you—a congressman."
Her voice fell flat and disappointed at his lowly title, and she delighted in the way his upper lip curled fractionally.
"I have to admit that I've never been denied a meeting with the leader of any other delegation.
But you seem to be the roadblock, Drew."
Watson chuckled to himself, steepling his fingers in front of him while remaining annoyingly smug in his chair.
"President Rhodes is happy to greet you this weekend at the Presidential Ball and listen to your proposal for your global army—" "International Magical Coalition—" "As you know, since your civil unrest—" "That war resulted in the loss of hundreds of magical humans and creatures alike.
Not to mention—" "Miss Granger," Watson purred, and that was it.
Something snapped inside her, and she was on her feet, leveling the fool with her most dangerous glare.
"For the final time, I am the sitting British Minister for Magic.
I demand the respect that title deserves.
You can blame this on being British or me being a bitch, but I expect that your manners will have returned by the next time I see you."
She didn't wait for his silly snide retort; she stormed from his office, muttering under her breath about just how very much she loathed Americans.
xXx Dinner was canceled—thank, Merlin.
Another moment with that pompous jackarse after the day she'd had and she was going to lose her fucking mind.
The rooms had been warded, though they had Muggle tele and a bathrobe that felt like cuddling with a lamb.
She was perfectly content to enjoy her jet lag with a fat bowl of spaghetti carbonara and most of a bottle of Chardonnay.
"I don't feel right about this."
Teddy's lips formed a stern pout, and she chuckled at his concern.
"No one expects you to work twenty-four-seven, Teddy.
Seriously, you should go on!
Get some dinner and enjoy New York.
I'm sure Gwen will enjoy the company."
She planted what she hoped was an encouraging smile on her face and jerked her chin towards the door.
Teddy made a face, shoving his fingers in his denims and letting his hands rest there before turning for the door.
The man looked good in a suit, there was absolutely no denying it, but Merlin, what he could do to a pair of denims and a jumper.
"Your hair!"
she called out, her lips quirking in amusement.
"No need to be respectable off duty, yeah?"
When he turned, he wore the brightest smile she could remember seeing on him, perfect and dazzling as he chewed on his lip.
"What colour would the Minister prefer?"
Tucking her chin into her chest, Hermione laughed and felt a soft blush rise to her cheeks.
Oh, it felt good to laugh.
She hadn't done it all that often recently, except at Katie's wild antics or the kids running amok.
Peeking up through her lashes, she felt almost sinful as she took a deliberate breath and stared back at him, her voice dropping.
"I liked the teal."
His eyes darkened, flashing to a dark midnight before returning to their rightful colour, and so slowly it almost pained her, his hair began shifting hues from the root.
Something about him changed too; his shoulders pushed back as he stared at her, and something flashed in his gaze.
Rubbing at the thick muscle stretching from his neck to his shoulder as he peered back at her.
"Are you sure you'll be alright?
I could stay—" The heat of the moment cooled, and she smiled kindly back at him.
"No, no.
Go and enjoy; I'll be safe and sound here."
With a begrudging look goodbye, Teddy left, greeting Gwen as the door swung closed, and Hermione couldn't pretend to ignore the jealous twist in her belly.
It wasn't that she wanted to be young again—well, maybe she did.
But more so, she just wanted to be noticed.
For so long, she'd been Mother and then Minister; she hadn't even had time to be a wife—let alone a woman.
No wonder her marriage had fallen apart.
Disappearing into her en suite, she uncharacteristically discarded her clothes in a pile on the floor and changed into her silk nightie, then donned the thickest, softest robe she'd ever remembered wearing.
As she passed the wet bar, she snagged the white wine she'd put on ice and the remote control.
As she settled into a corner of the uncomfortably stiff couch, despair washed over her.
This is what her life was now.
The greatest adventures and loves of her life were behind her; what was left?
xXx Thud.
Thud.
CRASH.
Hermione's eyes snapped open, and she blinked in the dim light, eyes settling on the blinding white infomercial that had taken place of the romantic comedy she must have dozed off to.
THUD.
Old instincts kicked in, and she was on her feet, robe sliding away from her body as she gripped her wand and made her way to the door.
Merlin, this is what she got for dismissing her bloody staff.
Eyeing the adjacent room's door, where Teddy may or may not be, she realised that she could be wasting precious time.
This was a private floor after all.
Wrenching the door open and pushing her magic into the old wand that barely saw enough use these days, her eyes settled on a scene she was too smart to not have predicted.
Teddy fiddled with Gwen's room keys as she clung to him like a fucking barnacle.
Hermione dropped her wand just as Teddy's gaze found hers.
It was short lived; Gwen's slender fingers skimmed through his teal hair, and she latched her lips onto his neck.
"Hermio—" The door slammed shut before she could hear the final syllable, and in her own private shame, she pressed her forehead against the back of the thick door.
The feelings cresting and crashing inside her had no hold; they were unwarranted and certainly unwanted.
She could feel the blossoming of a fresh headache, wrought by the wine or the circumstances, she couldn't be sure.
Massaging her temples, she padded through to her room and searched for her migraine vials only to realise that they were probably with fucking Gwen.
"Fuck it all!"
With a soft growl, Hermione dropped her robe to the carpet and made her way to the bed.
Sinking into the plush mattress nearly cured her of all her ailments—nearly.
Her eyes caught on a hazy, dull blue vial with a note from the hotel to enjoy a night of Dreamless Sleep.
Stupid fucking puns.
Hermoine wasn't one for sleep potions; they nearly always brought on awful nightmares of times better left forgotten.
But the headache was thrumming, and her mind was reeling, and truly she just wanted to fucking sleep.
Flicking the stopper with her thumb, Hermione tipped the vial to her lips, and she fell onto her half a dozen pillows without another thought.
xXx "Minister!
Goddamnit—HERMIONE!"
Before she could make sense of anything, Hermione's fingers were twisting in thin cotton, sweat beading down her temples as she kicked at the duvet and sheets wrapped around her bare legs.
Desperate, wild pants rocked her body as she focused on the dark purple hair and terrified gaze of Teddy Lupin.
Her grip deepened, pulling him infinitesimally closer as she took stock of the situation.
One of his massive hands was cradling her cheek, his fingers brushing the nape of her neck while his thumb traced a lazy track over her cheek; the other was on her shoulder as he loomed over her bedside in naught but low slung pants and a vest.
But it was his eyes that truly startled her.
"Teddy?"
"Hermione—" Her name ghosted from his lips, and it did nothing to calm the thundering of her heart or her haggard breaths.
"You were screaming."
One blink.
Two.
"Oh."
Of course.
"I'm—" she cleared her throat, "I'm sorry.
I took a sleep potion—sometimes they give me nightmares."
She offered him a weak smile and noticed that her fingers were still tangled in his vest and his hands were still curling around her.
The silk of her nightie kissed her hip, and with a start, she realised that not only was she mostly naked, but she'd also probably torn him from Gwen's bed.
Pinching her features in a horrified grimace, she pushed up on the bed until she was seated, ignoring the way his fingertips brushed her collar bone as they fell away from her.
"I didn't mean to interrupt your night."
A blush spread over her chest and crept up her neck.
"I'll be just fine.
I'm sor—" "I didn't fuck her," he said it so plainly that a harsh huff of air pushed violently past her lips.
"Excuse me?"
His brows pinched together, his features pulling an amused smile.
"I didn't.
I wouldn't.
I know you probably think you saw something, but she was piss drunk; I was just trying to get her back in her room.
I tossed her a Sober-Up and was in my bed a few minutes later."
Her blush deepened—warmed.
Too hot.
She was suddenly too aware of her lack of a bra and the silk negligee still sliding up her thigh, not to mention his lack of clothing and the fact that it was the dead of the night.
Reaching for the edge of her sheets she cleared her throat and tried to throw on her very best Minister tone.
"It's not my business what you do after hours, Teddy.
You and Gwen are grown adults and—" His hair changed, the purple deepening into a rich crimson as one hand came to rest behind her and the other found the crook of her knee, hiking it up until her hip was exposed.
With an almost comically loud thud, her head crashed against the headboard, and she sucked in a desperate gulp of air.
Dangerous.
Handsome men were always dangerous.
And Merlin, this man in particular was carved from fucking stone.
From the sharp planes of his cheeks and the cut to his jaw, the swell and tension of his exposed biceps, Hermione had to push that little voice out that told her to reach out and rub her palms over every hard inch of him.
Every inch.
"Teddy—" She meant it as an admonishment, but it sounded like a prayer—an absolution.
The hand that cradled the back of her knee had slipped, his fingers curving around the thick of her thigh as his face dropped closer to hers.
The overwhelming scent of him made her eyes flutter, and her breaths turned shallow and deliberate as the tips of his fingers brushed the underside of her leg.
"Ask me to stay," he whispered, his breath pushing curls from her temples as she tried in vain to reign in her wild breaths.
"That's not approp—" The word died a sad, tragic death as his index finger brushed along the seam of her knickers, and her fingers curled in the sheet beneath her.
"Teddy, we can't.
You—" Her eyes clenched shut until bursts of white light exploded behind her lids.
Merlin, fuck her moral high ground now more than ever.
"You should go, Teddy."
His nose brushed her cheek, and for the most deliciously sinful moment, she thought he'd press further and she could give in without a drop of guilt; but this boy was raised by his grandmother and Harry-bleeding-Potter.
His hand slid from her thigh, and he righted himself, his hair fading from crimson to chestnut brown as he stood at her bedside.
"Do you need anything else, Minister?"
The way he spoke sent fervid vibrations through her body.
Fuck, she just wanted to be touched again—touched like that.
Like she mattered and was beautiful and like someone wanted to be with her out of lust and not obligation.
"No, I'm fine."
She gulped, her gaze traveling to the tenting of the pants as his palm came down to grip his thick erection just once before offering her a smug smirk and turning for the door.
Once it'd clicked shut, she cast exactly two silencing charms and then buried her face in her pillow and screamed until the throbbing between her legs had dulled to nothing more than a gentle ache.
xXx Thanks for tuning in for another week of Teddy!
I am so geeked over this story and the initial response made my whole life!
So thank you for liking, reviewing, following or any combination of the aforementioned.
You guys make this whole writing thing so much more fun when I can share it with you.
Alphas: MCal and InDreams Beta: Ravenslight You three are the most wonderful.
Thank you!
Updates on Monday!The week had been absolute shite.
For every step she'd made in coordinating with various members of Congress, Watson had been there to thwart her advances.
The man, for whatever reason, was obstinately against the IMC, and his good looks and charm seemed to sway a room far too easily.
Her meeting to present her case to the President was in the morning, right before the brunch with Congress where—hopefully—President Rhodes would be announcing the start of a wonderful new future for the Magical governments of the world.
But in the final meeting of the week, Watson had poked holes in their carefully constructed plans, leaving her deflated and frankly furious.
She was able to ignore Teddy for the most part, who acted unphased by the events in her bedroom the first night in New York, and with even more effort, she ignored Gwen's shameless flirting.
To his credit, Teddy did little in the way of paying her much attention; past polite responses and holding the door, his attention stayed fervently on the Minister.
Barefoot and still in her work clothes, Hermione sat in front of her Floo cradling a tumbler of firewhisky as she awaited the ticking hands of the clock.
The Saturday morning Floo Hermione had requested was rejected; not by the Headmistress, oh no.
Rose explained in no uncertain terms that it would be a distraction the morning of 'the biggest day of her life'.
So the Minister for Magic was begrudgingly allotted a time slot between Rose's charms class and supper on Friday night.
Brilliant.
The clock on the mantel finally hit the proper time, and Hermione frantically stuck her head through, waiting until Rosie's face appeared before her and she let out a sigh of relief.
"Hi, love!
How are you doing?"
"Hey, mum.
Doing alright, Hugo says hi."
Oh.
Guess that meant she wouldn't be talking to him.
"How were your courses?
I know you're excited for the game, but please make sure you've got all your studies done for the day—" "Mum!"
Hermione startled, jerking her head back.
"What?
What'd I do now?"
"You're doing it again!
Can't you just be normal and call me and wish me luck?
My homework is fine; you've seen my marks."
Rosie rolled her lovely eyes in the way that Hermione knew by heart; after all, like mother like daughter.
"I'm sorry, dear.
You know I just want to make sure you've got a good balance between school and Quidditch."
She softened her tone, but Rose still bristled.
This wasn't the first time she'd given the speech, and it certainly wouldn't be the last.
"Please don't make me out to be the bad guy, Rose.
I'm trying here—" Rose huffed and she snapped.
"No, you're not.
If you were trying, you'd be here.
You wouldn't be calling me from New York and hounding me about school!
At least Dad's coming—" "Rose Weasley, you watch your tone this minute!
I'm still your mother, and if you think for one minute—" "That what, Mum?
Are you going to ground me?
Pull me from school?"
Checkmate.
Hermione sucked in a harsh breath through her teeth, her fingers tightening on the whisky that she'd promised herself she wouldn't drink during the call.
"I hate that I'm not there, Rosie.
I've had this trip planned for months; it's not something easy to just—" "It's time for supper," Rosie interrupted, staring at her lap with a tight frown.
"Oh.
Alright, then."
She was met with a few beats of silence as she stared at her daughter.
She was so much lovelier than Hermione or Ron ever were, delicate cheek bones and lovely, fiery hair that didn't expand when she was stressed.
"I love you, Rose.
And I'm going to be there next time and you'll be brilliant.
Maybe I'll come to Hogsmeade on your next weekend trip!
We can stock you up on sweets and quills, yes?"
Thick, heavy tears welled in the corners of her eyes, and Hermione implored them not to spill over.
Strong for her; stronger for her kids.
"Sure, Mum.
I gotta go.
Love you, too."
"Okay.
Bye, lo—" The scene went blank, and Hermione pulled her head from the grate, staring at the portal to her failure.
Tossing back the last of the firewhisky, Hermione rose to her feet and stomped towards the front door.
Ripping it open, she found Teddy standing at attention.
"Everything alright, Minister?"
"No."
Her palm pinned the door against the wall, and he turned to her with a quizzical brow.
"Do you want a drink?"
A moment stretched on during which Teddy stood stoically still, managing only a handful of blinks before he turned to her, his lips quirking.
"Is it a trick?"
Hermione snorted and canted her head to the side.
"Of course not.
I'm drinking, and I'm sick of drinking alone.
Do you want to drink?"
He turned, taking a step towards her, and she felt her heart quicken with his close proximity as his gaze roamed over her features.
"I'd love a drink.
Just don't tell my boss."
Laughter slipped past her lips, and she stepped aside to allow him in.
Studying him as he moved through her room, she took long, purposeful breaths.
This was dangerous.
Turning, she saw that he was facing her yet again, yanking on the knot of his tie and sliding it from his collar with such practiced ease that Hermione felt parched.
Maybe it was time for a little danger.
xXx The firewhisky was nearly empty.
Hermione had changed into sleep pants and a loose camisole, a cardigan draped over her shoulders and her wild curls pulled up on her head.
The first half an hour that they sucked down firewhisky was fraught with tension and long, awkward pauses where she could feel the heat of his stare on her cheeks.
But then the liquor had done its job and loosened her tongue, and before long they were laughing.
Really laughing.
Laughing like she hadn't done with another person, outside of Katie, for years.
Quickly, she realized that he liked her stories, or at least he was very good at pretending to.
He asked lots of questions and leaned in towards her as she spoke; he never seemed distracted by knick knacks in the room or his own anecdotes.
It seemed he was pleased to sit and just listen to her all night.
When it was her turn to listen, she found herself wholly entranced by the man who sat across from her.
Firstly, for being such a thick, intimidating cut of a man, though at his core he was a tender-hearted and fiercely loyal Hufflepuff.
He'd been made headboy his seventh year and managed incredible scores on his .
..
 and .
..
.s.
But when she'd pressed him about his personal life, he'd gotten surprisingly still.
He'd dated Victoire when they were kids, that much she knew.
Merlin, the amount of times the two of them had been caught snogging had even made the bloody Prophet.
The news of their breakup must have been a couple years back now.
"You're working too hard, Teddy.
You don't have any time for any type of life!
There'll be enough time for work later on.
Trust me," she said, a dark, hollow laugh chasing her words, "climbing ladders isn't everything."
There was a moment of loaded silence as Hermione chewed on her cheek before continuing.
"Just promise me when you meet the right girl and have your kids you'll take a step back."
Teddy snorted, draining his drink.
"I'm not having kids."
"Oh, you're just saying that.
You're still young—" "Nope."
His lips popped softly on the second syllable.
"Ever since being a kid, I knew I didn't want kids.
Blame it on being a kid without parents, but the family life just hasn't appealed to me."
"You might yet change your mind.
You've got a lot of life ahead of you."
It seemed impossible that at the tender age of twenty-one he could make such a decision, but she'd married around the same age, hadn't she?
Had children just a few years later, too.
Hell, she had her entire life planned out by fourteen—sure there'd been a few hiccups, but she'd gotten there eventually… mostly.
"I wouldn't hold your breath, Minister."
Teddy chucked under his breath.
"So, I take it you don't have a girlfriend?
If you do, she must be rather irate with how late I keep you around most nights."
Hermione regretted the words as soon as they slipped out.
She hadn't really meant to say them, but once she had, she found she needed to know the answer.
"No, no girlfriends."
Teddy's tongue darted out, dragging over perfectly straight teeth, and too slowly, his gaze lifted to hers.
"I don't normally ask other women to let me stay in their beds if I'm dating someone."
A hot blush spread up her chest and settled in the apples of her cheeks as she downed the rest of her drink.
"Well," she managed after the burning of whisky had dulled in her throat.
"You shouldn't have asked me either.
I'm old enough to be your mother!"
Teddy snorted, leaning forward in his chair.
"That's because you still think of me as a child, and in case you missed it—" His smirk widened, and that familiar pitter-patter returned in her ribcage.
"I'm very much not a kid anymore."
With a thick gulp, Hermione shifted in her seat and eyed her empty glass intently.
She'd gone and crossed the line into inappropriate territory leagues back now—perhaps when she invited the boy into her room for nefarious drinks and salacious talk of what he'd offered her the other night.
"Well, you'll have to forgive me, Teddy.
But I still remember you in nappies and riding around on a training broom.
I'm an old lady now and whatever you think you might want with me, trust me when I tell you that you don't."
She turned on her hip to face him, her cardigan slipping over her shoulder.
There was no doubt in her mind that she should move it.
She didn't.
But then his gaze caught on her bare shoulder, and his hair shifted to same shade of crimson from a few nights prior.
"Am I speaking to the Minister for Magic or Hermione?"
The low timbre of his voice caused her heart to quicken, and her gaze fell to study the carpet.
"Why does that matter?
They're both me."
Leaning forward, Teddy set his glass down on the table between them, the muscles of his forearms tensing in the most delicious way.
Rising to his feet, he came to occupy the small space next to her on the sofa, his hand resting on the back as he stared at her with inscrutable dark eyes.
"Because if I'm talking to the Minister, I'd say that I have no idea what you're talking about and that I'm just happy to be another member on your team."
Heat rippled off his body, his hip brushing against hers as he dipped infinitesimally closer.
"Teddy—" Her voice was low, barely a hum as his fingers slid around the curve of her jaw, his thumb dragging across the bow of her lip.
One hand came up to rest on his forearm, curling her flingers around the taut exposed muscle as she gently shook her head.
"And if I was talking to Hermione..." He paused to tilt her face up towards him, her gaze finally rising to match his, finding it dark and wanting, "I'd say that you're fucking gorgeous, and I've done nothing but fantasize about burying my face between your legs since I was old enough to know I could."
Against her own volition, her back arched off the cushions, his words sending deep vibrations between her legs.
The tip of his thumb moved from the flesh of her lip to dip between her lips, and Hermione felt powerless as her tongue brushed against his digit, her eyes fluttering closed as she lightly bit down on it.
"I'd tell you just that I've thought about hiking those smart little skirts up and fucking you until the entire floor knows what we're doing.
I'd tell you about how I can't stop thinking about you.
About how fucking brilliant and beautiful and maddeningly sexy I find you and how badly I want to show you in a million different ways."
Dragging his thumb from her mouth, Hermione's eyes shot open, staring at him as she pleaded with her breath to even and reason to return.
"But I want you to be sure, Hermione.
You tell me when you want me to stay, and I'll stay."
She hesitated; how could she not?
Her eyes darted over his face, and her senses returned.
For a brief moment, her fingers tightened around his arm and then fell to her lap as she shifted away from him.
There was no missing the flicker of disappointment in his eyes.
With a soft smile, he stood and crossed the room, grabbing his jacket and shrugging it on.
"Will there be anything else, Minister?"
The incessant ache between her legs begged her to just bloody say it.
Stay.
But Teddy didn't deserve all the mess she had going on these days; she was an old woman with more problems than solutions, and he had his whole life ahead of him.
"Goodnight, Teddy.
Thanks for keeping me company."
He was gone without another word, disappearing to his adjoined room.
She growled an expletive under her breath as she reached for a firewhisky she really didn't need to be having.
A/N: Alpha love to InDreams and MCal.
Beta love to Ravenslight.
You guys are the best.
Thank you!
"Esteemed guests, members of MACUSA, it is my greatest honor to welcome you to the President's mansion this fine morning.
This week we've had the privilege to host the Bristish Minister for Magic, Hermione Granger, in our capitol.
Through her tireless work with her team as well as a collaborative effort with our own staff, we have put together a wonderful plan to bring the magical nations of this world together."
Hermione tried to contain the smile breaking over her lips, truly she did.
Gloating didn't set will with her, but her excitement was practically bubbling from under her skin, and as President Rhodes gestured for Hermione to take the stage, she did so with all the humility of she could muster—which wasn't much.
Taking in the room, her eyes landed on Congressman Watson near the front, his eyes intent on only her.
The furious fire dancing in his eyes stole her breath, and she floundered as she turned back to the crowd waiting in rapture.
"Together, Minister Granger and I are ecstatic to announce a new era in Magical Governing bodies.
The International Magical Coalition will usher in a precedence for safety for all the generations to come and the United States is proud to stand next to Britain in this wonderful endeavor."
President Rhodes extended her hand, a bright smile gleaming on her face as dozens of flashes went off and commemorated this monumental moment in history.
She'd done it.
Smiling for reporters and shaking hands with various dignitaries worked in distracting her for a while; it was almost easy to forget that while she was here celebrating her victory, her daughter was thousands of miles away, hopefully celebrating her own.
Almost.
xXx "Gwen!"
Hermione slid her wand through the air, guiding her zipper up magically as she slipped into her heels.
The blasted dress left little in the way of forgiveness; it hugged every inch of her torso in a fitted black satin, falling loosely around the tops of her arms, exposing her clavicle and shoulders.
The material flared delicately at her hips, revealing a slit up to her mid-thigh that might be considered inappropriate for a woman of her age, but it gave her a little touch of confidence that she simply couldn't deny herself.
Her curls were tucked neatly at the base of her neck, and she reached down to grab the ruby earrings she'd bought for herself when she won her campaign.
Behind her, the door creaked open, and as she was slipping the first of her earrings on she turned, expecting to find Gwen.
She didn't.
Teddy was there, his hair a vibrant blue, and he sported a slim tux tailored perfectly for him.
His bow tie was a touch crooked, and she couldn't help but chuckle as his eyes dragged down her body.
A heated flush crawled up her neck, and she clucked her tongue and waved him off in a vain effort not to sink into his affections.
"You're not Gwen."
Her brow arched as she returned to study herself in the floor length mirror, fixing the second earring into her place and taking another deep breath.
In the reflection, she watched as Teddy crossed the room towards her, coming so closely behind her that she could feel the rise and fall of his chest against the skin exposed on her back.
"No, I'm not."
His breath fanned over her neck and her eyes fluttered shut.
"Did you need something, Minister?"
Without waiting for an answer he reached down and lifted the glittering diamond necklace from its velvet enclosure.
"May I?"
Nothing could quiet the racket her heart was making in her ribcage as she nodded, desperate for his fingers to brush along her skin.
He was careful at first as he maneuvered the necklace into place and worked on its clasp; she swayed as he worked, her eyes closing softly.
A single finger slid slowly down her spine, stopping when it met the fabric and her eyes shot open.
"Merlin, you've got to stop that, Teddy—" she admonished weakly, turning so she was facing him and realising quickly what a mistake that was.
She gulped as his eyes slowly raked over her cleavage and hips then back to her face.
With a little downward turn of her mouth she reached up to straighten his tie, and his hands moved quickly, settling on the delicate curve of her waist.
"Do you really mean that?"
he breathed, his gaze catching on her parted lips, and she took the smallest step towards him.
The door burst open with a loud, "Sorry, boss!"
Hermoine jumped back, fussing with her dress as she walked past Teddy to find Gwen hunched over her folio, wholly distracted.
Her brain stuttered and sputtered, desperate for the reason she'd asked for her in the first place.
"What time is the Portkey tomorrow?"
"Set for ten, ma'am.
We'll be home at three o'clock London-time."
"Okay—any word from Rose?
Or—" She paused to clear her throat.
"Ron?"
Gwen's cheeks darkened as her gaze fell to the ground.
"No word from them, Minister.
But I did check with my friend, and Gryffindor lost to Slytherin today."
Inhaling sharply, Hermione clenched her jaw and summoned her clutch to her side, stowing her wand inside.
She marched into the front room and through the Floo without waiting for either of her staff.
xXx The President's Ball was certainly a grand affair.
From what Hermione understood, they were held only twice a year, and no expense was spared.
Magical citizens flooded the ballroom, dripping in expensive fabrics and elegant jewelry and daintily sipping champagne from long exaggerated flutes.
Overhead, a magicked ceiling revealed a spectacular smattering of constellations in a swirl of midnight, navy and purple.
The columns surrounding the room were cloaked in chiffon that sparkled in the same colors as the ceiling and little glowing orbs floated about the room, reminding her of the fairies from her childhood.
"Minister!"
She'd barely made it through the door when Watson was at her side, a hand on her lower back as he ushered her in.
Hermione bristled at the contact but made no move to extricate herself from the touch as she lifted a champagne flute from a passing tray and took two long sips.
"Congressman" she said flatly, crossing one arm across her middle as he pulled her off to the side of the room.
With a dark chuckle he shook his head, white locks falling over his forehead as he pushed closer to her.
"You're a real ballbuster, Minister; I'll give you that.
Congratulations on a job well done while you were here.
You were an admirable adversary."
Hermione balked at him as he nicked the flute from her fingers and drained it in a final gulp, his hand coming up to rest on the column behind her, caging her in.
Fury welled up inside her, and she stood a few inches taller; she would not shrink to accommodate this prick's ego.
"I have to admit, Drew, I'm not quite sure your issue with the IMC.
It seems like it hardly affects you in the slightest, yet you so vehemently protest its existence."
The congressman pulled a displeased face, canting his head from side to side as he reached in his robes and pulled free a flask.
She eyed him like a snake as he tipped it to his lips and offered it to her.
When she declined with a wave of her hand, he took another long draw and stowed it safely away.
"Government funded coalitions like this are not something that my constituents tend to care about.
It raises their taxes and causes them all sorts of headaches that I have to listen to."
Hermione arched a brow as Teddy and Gwen came into view a few paces away, Teddy's gaze intent on her.
"Odd that your constituents would take such a problem with it.
The amount of funds going to organize it will be nominal—" She was silenced as he stepped into her, reeking of firewhisky and stale cigars.
"It's much more lucrative, for someone such as myself, to have these kind of situations controlled by the private sector, Miss Granger."
"Minister," Hermione corrected in a low voice.
"Is that what this is?
Your private funds are going to be taking a hit by the government backing the IMC?
Merlin, you're more awful than I thought you were.
And trust me, I thought you were plenty awful already."
Taking a quick step around him, she made to march off but his hands closed around her elbow, dragging her back towards him.
From her periphery she could see Teddy reach for his holster but she stayed him with a lift of her fingers.
"I'll thank you to take your hands off me before my security steps in, Congressman."
Watson's eyes darted towards Teddy, his hair a deep purple and his eyes flashing onyx as he stared at the altercation.
With a disbelieving snort, Watson stepped back, raising his hands in defense.
"I was only going to say you look stunning tonight, Minister."
Lips curling in a soft growl, Hermione smoothed the fabric of her dress and leveled him with her most menacing stare.
"I'm sorry for your pocketbook, Congressman.
But I will not let your personal gains affect the safety of the magical community.
Have a pleasant evening."
Without another look towards the drunken lecher she left behind, Hermione stomped towards the front of the room, eager to forget the idiot altogether.
xXx Life was never quite that simple.
Watson was placed at the table next to her for dinner, and the longer the night wore on, the more positively pissed drunk the man got.
Truly, she tried her absolute best to ignore him but his loud, inappropriate anecdotes and the way his table mates laughed uproariously at his every word was hard to tune out.
Dinner was followed by drinks, and the tables were magically cleared for a magnificent dance floor.
Hermione filled the evening by chatting with different members of MACUSA and their spouses, sidestepping conversations about her own family by flailing over theirs.
"Minister," Teddy's voice was low in her ear and she startled.
"You wanted to know when it was ten o'clock."
Bless him.
She bid adieu to the Cockerhams and hunted the room for the President so she could say her final goodbyes, get back to the hotel and into a bath before sleeping off this champagne buzz.
She couldn't believe it, but she was bloody happy to be heading back to dreary London.
America was dangerous, what with handsome boys flirting and annoying men thinking they could push her about.
Maneuvering around a lovely couple lightly snogging against a pillar, Hermione yelped as a hand wound around her waist and pulled her swiftly onto the dance floor.
She found herself nose to nose with none other than Drew Watson, and her good mood dissipated, her features flattening in annoyance.
"Merlin, what in the hell do I have to do to get rid of you, Mister Watson?"
He turned them in a slow circle, his hand slipping from her waist to her lower back.
A brilliant flash came from a camera to her left and she hissed as it blinded her.
"Don't be like that, Hermiiione," Watson purred.
For the first time since she'd arrived she looked directly at him.
His eyes were glassy and bloodshot, heavy from too much alcohol, and the hand that was at her lower back slid back to her waist and up her ribs.
With a false, tight smile she attempted to step back, but his other hand crushed painfully over hers, and she let out a soft whimper.
"What in the hell do you think you're doing?"
she hissed just as his thumb brushed the curve of her breast.
With a little more force, she fought his hold, ignoring another flash from the camera.
His face dipped down until his lips were brushing her neck, and she stilled, preparing herself to hex this fool.
"You're a beautiful woman.
Maybe we can't find a way to work out this aggression between us."
His hand retraced its earlier route, sliding over the curve of her bum and grabbing a handful of her arse.
Another flash.
Shoving her hands into his chest to push him away, they both stilled under the humming of a wand light, its point shoved in the hollow under Watson's jaw and it's hilt gripped tightly in Teddy's palm.
After a painstakingly long time, Watson bared his teeth and dropped his hands uselessly to his waist as half a dozen men in matching suits encircled the three of them, wands pointed at Teddy.
"Teddy," she breathed, her voice shaking as she noticed the roomful of stares trained on them.
"Listen to your boss kid.
See all those other wands?"
Watson jerked his chin to the other men.
"They all work for me.
They'll have you in binds in no time."
"That's fine, Congressman."
Teddy smirked, stepping into him and stabbing his wand deeper into his throat.
"You just better make sure they can cast faster than me."
The tip of his wand glowed brighter and gave off a quiet sizzle that set Watson on edge.
Before another word was spoken, he lifted his hands to his own men, and they dropped their wands.
Teddy was frozen, his wand unmoving even as a string of flashes commemorated this horrifying event for the American tabloids.
"Teddy, it's time to leave.
Good evening, Mister Watson."
Unable to watch the stand off between Teddy and Watson another moment, Hermione turned and crossed the ballroom.
Her skin was alive, thrumming with adrenaline and champagne as the crowd parted for her, and she stomped into a closed adjacent room, leaving Gwen securely outside, handling the crowd of reporters on her heels.
Her dress was too bloody tight, and her fingers splayed across her belly as she tried to quiet her breaths.
How dare he put his hands on her like that?
Merlin, did the man have no sense of propriety?
It was clear from even before their first in-person interaction that the man was a complete jackarse, but this was just—indecent.
The door opened and closed quickly behind her.
Before she could even fully turn, Teddy was there, his hands cradling her jaw as he studied her face.
"Are you okay?"
She nodded, eyes fluttering closed as his fingers curled around the nape of her neck.
"I could have killed that fucking prick.
I can't believe he'd think he could—" Blame it on the situation or his proximity or the way the comforting masculine smell of him rippled off his robes, but her hands curled around his lapels as she shook her head, a final attempt to shut down the warring emotions inside her.
He'd been there.
He'd protected her and cared for her, and he was still bloody here.
He wanted her and Merlin, she wanted to be wanted.
"Hermione?"
Peeking up through her wet lashes at him, she found round blue eyes and teal hair looking back down at her.
He took a hard step into her, backing her up until her bum was resting against the desk, and she sucked in a quick breath past her lips.
"Say yes."
"Yes."
The word was out of her mouth before she'd properly thought on it, and she had not a moment to take it back.
His lips were crashing against hers, his hands gently tilting her face so he could slant his lips more properly against hers.
The soft brush of his tongue against her lips made her keen, and she opened for him, letting him taste her and steal her breath as his hands travelled south from her face.
His fingers brushed lovingly along the curve of her breast but didn't pause there long enough to give them the attention she craved.
Everything was heated and rushed as his hands moved along the snug fabric.
Touching her arse minutes after she'd been groped should make her furious, but Merlin, it was like he was worshipping her.
His lips left hers, trailing down her jaw and latching onto the juncture of her neck and shoulder, earning a quiet moan as her fingers tangled in his now crimson hair.
With a gentle lift, Teddy had her off her feet and resting on the desk as his hands moved frantically over her, finding the crook of her knee and raising it over his hip, exposing the length of her thigh.
He groaned as his hands slid up her leg, disappearing under the fabric and finding her bum, dragging her to the end of the table as his mouth found hers again.
She couldn't remember the last time she'd been kissed like this.
Like the very reason for living was in her arms as he drank her in, thrusting his erection between her legs while she curled around him.
"Gods, I want to taste you, Hermione."
His mouth moved to her ears as his fingers dipped in the seam of her knickers, and she wantonly parted her legs wider for him, lost in the euphoria of his touch.
Just as he skimmed her silken folds, wet in a way she didn't even realize she could be wet anymore, a loud knock came at the door.
With a soft growl, Teddy's teeth nipped at her earlobe, and he moved from between her thighs, Leaving her spread and fucking horny as he fussed with his suit jacket and stared at her.
Running a hand through his red hair it settled back into a chestnut brown, and he took a long breath.
"Minister, let's get you back to the safety of the hotel.
Immediately."
Something about the tone of his voice made her keen again, and she pushed from the desk and settled herself, running her hands on the fine satin of her a final huff of air, she steeled her face into a well-worn mask.
"Right."
She took exactly two steps before Teddy jumped in front of her, a mischievous smirk on his face as he dropped to his knees in front of her.
"Teddy!
You just said—" "I know, Minister.
But quick change of plans."
He found the slit in her dress and his hands slid from her ankles and up the length of her legs in slow, sinful strides.
Hooking his fingers in the hem of her knickers, Teddy began to peel them down her shapely legs.
"Teddy!"
she hissed.
"What on earth?"
Despite knowing it was a horrible idea, she stepped quickly from her knickers and let him shove them in his pocket as he rose to his feet.
"Don't you dare take that fucking dress off," he demanded, and Merlin, she fucking liked it.
His hand slid between her legs, brushing against her slick folds in the slowest of teases, causing her knees to buckle.
"Or the heels."
He pressed a quick kiss to her lips and then retreated to the door, hand on the doorknob as he winked at her.
"Ready, Minister?"
A hot blush stained her skin, but she paid it no attention as she marched into the crowd of reporters and photographers waiting for a statement.
"Minister Granger!
What happened out there?"
"Do you have a relationship with Congressman Watson?"
Hermione paused at that one, pulling a face as half a dozen recording devices were shoved in her face.
"I have nothing but a professional relationship with Mister Watson.
It seems he might have had a little too much to drink this evening; who hasn't been there, right?"
That earned a low chuckle from those surrounding her.
"I do hope the news on the front pages of your papers will be of nothing but the exciting progress between MACUSA and the British Ministry of Magic and not this salacious gossip.
Goodnight."
Hermione spared a final look at her bodyguard hovering nearby, his lips caught between his teeth as he stared back at her, and she made her way towards the Floo and the safety of her hotel.
A/N: Alpha love to InDreams and MCal and Beta love to Ravenslight!
Thank you guys so much!
And thank you lovely reader for following along.
Would love to know your thoughts!
If you want to hear me ramble with my dear friend, Frumpologist, about all things fandom, join us on Wine, Wands and Waffling for our new fanfiction podcast!
We're on FB, Tumblr and Twitter!
Until next time - LKWARNING: Just like...a shit ton of lemons ahead.
xXx Gwen was lurking.
Fussing over Hermoine's bags and checking incessantly on her wellbeing after being fondled by the overly handsy Congressman.
After several attempts to shoo her without being too blunt, Hermione finally gave up and poured herself a drink and sat on her bed, leaning against the headboard in her gown as she waited for Gwen to finish her work.
Not that it all couldn't be done by magic, but Hermoine had a sneaking suspicion the girl didn't want to leave Hermione alone for fear she might implode.
What was the polite way of saying she wanted to be left alone so she could get delightfully laid?
But finally, when Gwen sat on the edge of her bed with a pitying half-smile, Hermione gave up.
"I really am quite alright, Gwen.
I promise.
I just need some sleep."
With a fresh new task, her assistant moved to retrieve some sleep things and Hermione jumped, gesticulating wildly.
"No!"
They shared an awkward moment, both of them staring with wide, startled eyes at each other as Hermione finished her drink and set it on the end table.
"Sorry, dear.
I'm just so tired.
I'll find something on my own."
"And you're sure you're okay?
I can stay if you need—" With a pitying smile, Hermione curled her legs up and waved her assistant off.
"No, Gwen.
Go and get some rest.
I'll see you in the morning."
Gwen left, tossing one final look over her shoulder, and as soon as the door clicked shut, Hermione summoned the firewhisky and poured herself another drink.
Each passing minute stretched on, and she found her patience wearing thin.
Perhaps he'd gone to bed.
Maybe she was getting all worked up, and the bloke had drifted off while Gwen sat here and folded her clothing like a Muggle.
Resting back on the headboard, she threw one hand over her torso and with the other took long, purposeful drinks of liquor.
Suppose she should go to him?
Maybe put on her least boring pair of knickers and knock on the door that separated their room.
But that seemed a little desperate, didn't it?
Then again, she'd been sprawled all over some poor sod's desk and was currently without knickers, so perhaps desperation wasn't something she needed to defend at this point.
It was all bloody ridiculous.
She should put on an oversized t-shirt, lock the doors and go to— The soft click of the door closing made her heart leap into her throat as she took another drink, but before she could even set her tumbler down, Teddy was there.
His thick frame took up most of the doorframe; he was still in his suit, but his tie had been loosened, his top button undone.
Merlin, he was fucking beautiful.
His hair was back to that shade of crimson he seemed to wear often around her, and his eyes were dark as they roved her body.
"You took your heels off?"
His voice was low and husky as he leaned against the door jam, hands shoved deep in his trousers.
She bit back a smile as she finished the last of her drink and placed it on the end table.
"Well, I had to wait a very long time."
In the dim light of the room, she could make out the corner of his lips quirk.
"Tell me to stay."
She hesitated again; how could she not?
But this time was different.
This time she knew the answer.
Her shoulders fell against the tufted headboard, and she bent one of her knees up, letting the silken fabric fall to the side and expose the creamy expanse of her thigh.
"Stay, Teddy.
I want you to stay."
Tucking his chin into his chest, he let out a long, deliberate breath, his lips quirking in a smile as he shrugged from his jacket.
She desperately wanted time to slow.
She wanted to commit this moment to her memory.
He brought both hands up his throat, slowly pulling the knot of his tie free and tossing it on the end of the bed.
She shifted, her sex aching as he slipped the buttons of his shirt free.
His gaze never left hers, dark and intent as he tossed his shirt aside.
His undershirt was so thin she could see the peaks of his nipples through its fabric, and her mouth ran dry as he lifted one arm over his head and then swiftly pulled it over his head.
Well, there was certainly a line being crossed that she couldn't come back from.
Teddy Lupin was in her hotel room, half-naked, at an ungodly hour—and Hermione was without knickers.
With a sinfully slow stride, he approached the bed, his movements cautious, as if he was still waiting for her to change her mind.
When he was close enough to taste, she sat up, lifting her fingers to the soft smattering of hair covering his pecks, dragging it down the etched lines of his abdomen, skimming the hard cuts of his hips.
Kicking her legs off the side of the bed, she moved for his belt, ready to free him of his confines, but his hands closed over hers, bringing her wrists together and gripping them in one hand.
Her eyes snapped up to his, finding him smirking wickedly.
His tongue darted out, wetting his bottom lip, and he snapped his fingers; the tie at the end of the bed lifted and floated into his waiting palm.
She gulped.
Merlin, she'd not been with a man in at least a year and a half; was she really sure she was ready to take on this level of kinkery?
Panic rose inside her, her chest rising and falling in shallow breaths as he worked, securing her wrists together gently and tugging on it once, earning a little whimper from her.
"Trust me, Hermione."
His knee came up to rest beside her, and gently he leaned her back, pushing her bound wrists over her head and holding them there as he hovered over her, his lips brushing—not kissing—along the thin skin under her jaw and over her cheek.
In a bout of frustration, she wiggled her hips and made a soft growling noise.
He pulled back, an amused smile on his face.
"Something wrong?"
"I'm not the most patient of people, Teddy.
Surely you've deduced that by now?"
She deadpanned, waiting for him to get on with hit but instead, the light in his eyes danced.
"Well, that's something you're going to have to work on, Minister.
Because this is something I've dreamed about for a very, very long time, and I have no intention of rushing a single bloody minute."
At the gentle rock of his hips, she keened when his hard prick brushed against her thigh.
"Don't move your hands.
Leave them here.
Do you understand?"
A flutter rose dangerously in her chest.
When was the last time someone had told her what to do?
When was the last time she'd liked it?
To her own surprise, she nodded, and Teddy's grip on the fabric binding her loosened, and his lips slanted over hers, moving firmly and purposeful as he claimed her mouth.
There was no actual touching of the parts of her that were begging to be touched and she brought her hands ready to begin this painfully slow process, but he growled—both hands came up to stop her as he nipped at her bottom lip.
"Tsk, tsk, tsk.
You stay still."
His lips pressed to her forehead and then her temple, leaving a slow trail down her throat and between her breasts as she gasped and arched off the bed, one knee rising to invite him deeper.
His hand curled around the crook of her knee, sliding and massaging the thick of her thigh as he worked towards her aching centre.
With another snap of his hips, his fingers dug into the flesh of her arse, and she whined and bucked into him.
"Please, Teddy—" Merlin, she'd been reduced to begging, but she didn't give a shite.
She needed him.
Rucking up the soft satin her gown, he slid down her body and off the bed until he was kneeling on the floor, and Hermione almost shot her hands down to stop him but his hard glare caught hers and he canted his chin in a challenge.
Right.
The bloody no touching thing.
Insecurity and terror coiled inside her, fighting for dominance with her voracious lust.
So gently she barely registered the touch, he parted her knees, and she clenched her eyelids shut.
A fervid blush spread over her whole body as his lips pressed to the inside of her knee, his fingers curling around the backs and yanking her until her arse was primly on the edge of the bed.
Another kiss up her thigh, then another and another, and finally his hot breath ghosted over sex, and she fought the urge to clamp her thighs around his head.
His eyes locked on hers as he dragged a long swipe of his tongue over her seam.
"Fuck—" she hissed, fighting against her constraints as he smirked up at her.
With a quick readjustment, her knees were hitched over his shoulders and the cheeky little shite actually winked at her before latching his full lips around her throbbing clit.
"Ooooh!"
The tip of his tongue flicked over the tiny bud, sending intense waves of pleasure rippling up her stomach, and she just wanted to bloody move.
She wanted control, to flip him on his back and ride him until she was falling apart.
But when his tongue dragged down, finding her entrance and shoving inside, she swore she'd give up control the rest of her life if he kept fucking her with his mouth like that.
His hands worked in time with his tongue, massaging the undersides of her thighs as she began rutting against his face.
His mouth latched onto her again while two fingers slid inside her, curling and beckoning to her, finding that sweet little spot she barely remembered existed while his tongue did wicked things to her clit.
"You taste so fucking good, Hermione."
His deep voice sent a jolt up her spine, and her back arched wantonly off the bed.
Each word plucked away at her carefully until she felt the familiar beginnings of her orgasm.
"I'm going to fuck you until you can't walk tomorrow without remembering that it was me between your legs.
I want you wincing when you sit for tea.
Come for me."
His lips closed over her once more, sucking and licking as his fingers pumped in and out of her to a steady pace.
Against her volition, her thighs pressed closed, and her hands came down to twine in his hair, yanking at the crimson locks as she cried out the final vestiges of her orgasm.
"That's a good girl, love," he purred against her thigh, and her jaw fell open as she shuddered.
The final spasms of her orgasms faded, and her legs fell, hands useless on her lap as he rose to his feet.
She couldn't help but chuckle at his unruly hair and roguish smile as his hand came up to his mouth and wiped the evidence of her away.
She watched in rapture, her breath still wild, as every thick strip of muscle on his body tensed and flexed; he looked cut from stone.
With a few hard tugs, his trousers were pooled on the floor, and she allowed herself to take in the sight of this twenty-one-year-old man standing stark naked in front of her.
Suddenly, she felt… unworthy.
All stretch marks and scars, soft curves instead of taut lines like in her youth.
"You're fucking gorgeous, Hermione.
Did you know that?"
He gripped his length, languidly stroking his cock as he stared down at her.
Merlin, she must look quite the sight.
Wild curls and her dress rucked up to her waist.
Another long-stroke, his thumb swiping across his head, and her mouth ran dry.
Lips quirking in a lopsided smirk, Teddy reached down to grab the satin tie still secured around her wrists, guiding her gently to her feet.
His eyes stayed trained on her as he pulled the fabric free, letting her hands fall to her sides as his own wound behind her, easily finding her zipper and begging to inch it downward.
A little nervous huff slipped past her lips, and her hands came up to his chest, her round, worried eyes meeting his.
He paused as she ducked her face in shame.
"I'm—" Her throat felt too tight.
"I'm not young like Gwen.
I mean, you know that, obviously.
But I just mean to say is that, well—" Words failed her spectacularly, and she bit down on her lip before continuing.
"I've had two kids is all.
I don't look like I did when I was twenty-one."
Drawing on the last ounce of courage she had, she lifted her gaze to his and found him staring back at her with a knitted brow.
"I don't want you when you're twenty-one.
I want you.
And I want you right the fuck now."
His lips crushed into hers as he tugged the zipper the rest of the way down, letting the fabric slide over her delicate curves and pool at their feet.
Nipping her lip, his hands gripped her arse so hard it teetered on that delightful line of pleasure and pain, and before she could register the movement, he'd turned her.
Curling his fingers around her bony hips, he dragged her back into him.
She could feel the heat of his erection hard against her bum, and her lower back curved, pressing into him as one of her hands came up to curl around his neck, pulling his face down to hers.
She couldn't think—couldn't breathe.
He stole all reasonable thought and the air straight from her lungs as his hands mapped out her body, memorising the curves of her waist and up to massage her breasts, pulling and teasing her nipples as his tongue dipped into her mouth.
She could taste the salty remnants of her orgasm on his tongue, and it spurred her, lit a fire even deeper in her belly that wanted more-more-more.
With a grunt, he stepped away from her, one hand pressing between her shoulder blades until she was bent at the waist, her hands supporting her weight and her bum presented for him.
"Fucking hell," he growled under his breath.
"Dreams do come fucking true."
His hand gripped her right knee, lifting it onto the mattress so only one of her feet was still resting on the floor, and as he positioned his tip at her entrance, a hot hand came down on her arse, earning a yelp even as he soothed the sting away.
"That's a good girl."
Sinking his tip between her folds, she hung her head and let out a low moan.
"More, Teddy."
With a soft laugh, he buried himself to the hilt, stilling with one hand braced on her hip and the other on the small of her back.
"More, you say?"
"Please."
Merlin, she was better than begging for cock.
She knew this.
Yet, still, here she was, grinding her arse against her bodyguard and practically crying out for it.
"There's a little trick that comes with my peculiar genetic condition, love."
Slowly he slid out until his tip was again just at her entrance, and she pressed back onto him, filling herself and rotating her hips in a vain attempt to get the more for herself.
A low noise came from him, and she felt so delightfully full as his fingers dug into her sides.
With a start she realized that he was growing inside her, filling her up until she was gripping the duvet in her fists and crying out in pleasure.
"Te-d-dyy—" He snapped his hips, and she felt him expand another time.
"Fuck, I can't.
It's too much."
She shook her head, her hips rocking back and forth as he shushed her.
"That's it," he crooned, sliding in and out of her at a maddening pace, one hand snaking to fill his palm with her breast.
"You're doing so good, Hermione.
You take my cock so bloody well."
Merlin, the depraved and filthy things this man was saying to her should have her outraged, but it had the opposite effect; she was nearly mewling like an animal in heat, rocking back and forth as he mumbled praises over her body, worshiping every silvery stretch mark with his fingertips and running his palm down her spine to massage the globe of her arse.
"Are you okay, love?"
His voice was strained and Hermione whimpered her assent.
Both hands held onto her hips as he gave a hard thrust into her.
There was no time for her to recover from the sudden change in pace because he set out a punishing rhythm; the only sound in the room was the mix of their grunts and moans paired with the slapping of his hips against her arse.
"Come for me, Hermoine."
His voice was tight as his hand slipped around her, quickly finding her clit and beckoning another orgasm from her.
Her face planted in the soft fabric of the duvet, quieting her moans as her arms stretched overhead and she crested.
Teddy's hips slowed, driving into her with a few, long purposeful strokes.
The hand that had been rubbing her came up to press between her shoulder blades, steadying himself as he emptied inside her with a strangled gasp.
"Fuck," he hissed, stilling for a moment before sliding from inside her and flipping her on her back.
There was barely a moment where they weren't touching before he was crawling over her and peppering her cheeks and neck with kisses.
"You're so fucking perfect.
So perfect."
Sagging into the mattress, Hermione brought her hands up to brush the hair from his eyes, noticing it was a bright, bubblegum pink.
She chuckled, her hand cupping his cheek as she guided his gaze to hers.
"Your hair is bright pink."
Realisation dawned on him, and he chuckled under his breath, dipping his face back into the crook of her neck.
"So it is."
Unsatisfied with the answer, Hermione gently rolled them so he was now on his back and she was folding her arms over his chiseled chest, staring at his amused smirk with genuine curiosity.
"I've never seen it pink before.
Why'd you change it?"
His grin widened, and he dragged a hand through his overgrown hair.
"I didn't change it on purpose.
I mean, I can.
But if my guard is down, it tends to shift on it's own; it follows my mood mostly."
With a furrowed brow she thought back to all the shades she'd seen.
Crimson when he had that dangerously lustful edge to his eyes, purple once or twice, but teal mostly.
Never pink.
"Like a mood ring?"
"A what?"
"A mood ring; maybe it's a Muggle thing.
It's a little gem that changes with your body heat so people can tell your mood.
Your hair does that too?"
"I guess?"
Bright laughter trickled through the air, and Hermione shifted so she could kiss him quickly on the mouth.
"Well?"
She inferred, her brows lifted high.
"Well, what?
I still need another few minutes before we go again—but not long."
Her palm came down hard on his chest in a playful admonishment, and they both chuckled as she then pushed the fringe from his forehead.
One arm was tucked neatly behind his head as he stared up at the canopy.
"Well, what does pink mean?
What mood is it?"
A slow, Cheshire grin spread over his lips, but his gaze didn't wander.
He chuckled once.
"It usually means I've very happy."
Hermione rose up on her hands, staring down at him with a studious glare, wondering just how full of shite he might be.
But something inside of her implored her to see the truth: Teddy was just genuinely happy to be with her.
She kissed him again.
Their lips moved slowly together, the arm previously tucked behind his head moving to thread through her curls and guide her into a deeper kiss.
She couldn't stop bloody touching him; her hands wandered over the dips and curves of his chest, down to his hip and back up again.
As she moved, she felt the brush of his erection, and she balked, eyes opening round as she pulled back from the kiss.
Surely, he couldn't be ready again that quickly.
He was young, but Merlin, it must have taken Ron a week to get an erection back.
"What?"
He grinned, and her gaze rose to his hair, now a deep red, and she couldn't help but choke on a giggle.
"I can't help it, alright?
You're fucking sexy."
More laughter spilled past her lips as he rolled them back, and he tickled the crook of her neck with his stubble, hitching her knee up over his hip.
xXx A/N: Happy Monday!
As always, thanks for your lovely response to this story.
It fills me with absolute joy!
Endless loves, hugs, and kisses to Alpha Beta team: MCal, In Dreams, and Ravenslight!
You guys are so wonderful to me!
I recently started posting my time travel Dramione fic, The Troublesome Thing About Time.
It's written and just being edited, so I'll work on quick updates there if you'd like to follow me there also!
Join us for weekly episodes of Wine, Wands, and Waffling!
Our HP Fanfic Podcast where we talk all things fanfictions with some of our favorite authors and readers!
It's a blast!
We are on FB, Tumblr, Twitter if you want to chat.
And to listen we are on Spotify, Google, and Apple podcasts!
See you next Monday, friends!
Once I finish writing this story I'll pick up with quicker updates ;) Give me a week or so!Chapter Warning: Lemons ahead.
London was bleak.
Rain drizzled in a hazy mist from the heavens, and as soon as she stepped from the Ministry and into a deep puddle that drenched her favorite suede pumps, Hermione knew that this blasted town was out to get her.
Shaking the rain from her ankle, she brought her wand up in an umbrella charm and turned to her two employees, one of which had woken her just a few short hours ago with his head between her thighs.
Avoiding direct eye contact with the culprit himself, she spoke generally and kept her chin up.
"You two enjoy your Sunday!
Gwen, take the morning off; you've worked hard this weekend."
Teddy's lips split into a wide grin, and a blush rose to Hermione's cheeks.
"Teddy, I'm sure you're scheduled a few days off, so I'll see you soon."
"Soon, Minister."
His voice trembled through her, and her blush turned frantically hot as she nodded to the both of them and made for the Apparition point a few feet away.
She turned, her magic curling around her and her eyes catching Teddy's wicked smirk, and then she was gone.
xXx Despite the early hour, Hermione was already in her loungewear.
She was adorned in an oversized Gryffindor sweatshirt and thin cotton pyjama bottoms with narwhals littered all over the fabric—her favorite gift from Hugo when he was just five years old.
She had a mug of tea, a new book from her favourite Muggle bookstore, and absolutely no plans for the rest of the day.
Every time she thought back to her trip, guilt washed over her.
She shouldn't have turned to Teddy like that, but she couldn't help but feel like she knew him intimately.
Like he somehow held the answer to her endless list of troublesome worries.
She couldn't quit thinking of him; she wasn't sure she wanted to.
Cradling her tea close and grabbing the thin throw draped across the sofa, Hermione settled in for a long day of absolutely nothing.
As she brought the steaming mug to her lips, a sudden knock at the door pierced the tranquil moment, and she growled to herself and dabbed hot coffee from her chin.
The knock sounded again, and Hermione set down her drink and padded across the room.
A small part of her hoped it might be— well, someone she shouldn't be wishing for, but she knew that knock.
She knew the cadence of it and could already picture the displeased little turn of his mouth at having to wait in the hall for more than a moment.
With a long sigh, she pulled the door open.
"Hello, Harry."
His emerald eyes were narrowed and serious behind his new frames, his arms crossed in a way that Hermione would have expected from herself, not so much from him.
"Hermione."
They stood, locked in a strange battle for dominance she hadn't been expecting to be dragged into today.
Finally, when she could stand his pouting no longer, she gesticulated sharply with her hands and huffed her indignation.
"Yes?
Is there a reason you're interrupting this fine Sunday?
I've had a helluva week and—" "I talked to Ron."
Her eyes darted quickly to their feet, even though his tone had softened remarkably.
Her throat tightened, her lips moving silently, trying to form words that never came.
Harry's arms—the home she'd come to know over these past thirty years—wound tightly around her shoulders, and she was dragged into his chest.
His words were muffled by her hair.
"Why didn't you tell me?"
The pain sinking in her belly was visceral and heavy, yet she wasn't crying.
She should be crying, shouldn't she?
Her divorce was days away, and Harry now knew.
There was a reason Hermione had wanted to put off Harry knowing; Harry knowing made everything real.
One of Harry's arms fell away, and he guided her gently by the shoulders inside.
A few steps and she was falling into the seat she'd just vacated, Harry pushing the tea back into her hands.
"I knew you guys were having problems," he said after a long bout of silence, "but Merlin, I thought you guys were in counseling!
I thought you were still trying—" "We did counseling for a year," Hermoine croaked.
"We gave ourselves until Hugo left for school, and then we knew we'd have to make a real decision about our future."
Worry drenched his emerald-coloured eyes.
"And you're sure this is what you want?"
"I haven't been happy in so long; I hardly remember what it's like to really be happy.
Our marriage wasn't a waste; we have two beautiful, brilliant children, but I just— I don't know, Harry.
Somewhere along the way, I realized that I don't want the rest of my life to be like this.
It can't be."
"And you're quite sure it's nothing to do with that very big birthday coming up?
I know how much you hate it—remember thirty-five?"
Harry poked her in the ribs and earned a soft laugh as Hermoine's disastrous bob haircut and drunken stupor was brought to the forefront of her mind.
"It's nothing to do with my birthday, Harry.
Ron feels the same way—it's time to cut our losses and work on moving forward."
From the corner of her eye, her friend's shoulders slumped; his hand reached out for her, resting on her knee.
"All I want is for you to be happy, Hermione.
It's all I've ever wanted.
I'm not upset you and Ron are splitting or anything of the sort; I'm just upset you've been going through all this alone.
I could've been there."
"I had Katie," Hermoine teased, and Harry's nose wrinkled.
He was admittedly not Katie Bell's biggest fan, what with her tendency to blurt out any passing thought and get too drunk at Ministry Christmas parties.
"Brilliant."
"You were just… too close.
I needed time to figure it out, and then it all happened so quickly.
Before I knew it, the solicitor papers arrived."
Harry's fingers tightened briefly on her knee, and she loosened a shuddering breath.
"How's Ron?"
Harry clucked his tongue.
"You know how he is.
He internalizes everything.
He's drinking too much—but that's always the case—and he's..." Harry paused, coughing into his fist before slowly lifting his gaze to hers, "He's dating."
The words slammed into her like a wayward blunger.
Hermione blinked several long times at her lifelong friend.
Dating.
Ron?
No.
Not possible.
"What do you mean?"
It seemed the safest question; after all, it was the only one that actually made sense.
"That's how I found out.
I almost beat the shite out of him when I stumbled across him and some woman at a restaurant in London.
It was actually quite a scene."
Harry chuckled to himself.
"Dragged his arse out of his seat by his collar and all."
The stiffness of the moment dissipated, and Hermione barked out a loud laugh.
"Harry Potter, you did not!"
"I thought he was bloody cheating on you, Hermione.
Of course, I did.
But, yeah, all this to say: please clue me on these major life changes if you will?
It'll stop me from making an arse out of myself in posh restaurants."
Something inky and horribly green twisted in her gut at the thought that Ron was taking new women out to posh restaurants when he couldn't be bothered to take her anywhere that required a belt in the last five years.
"Next time I plan to divorce your best friend I will most definitely let you know.
Let's hope it's a non-issue moving forward."
A weak smile graced her lips, and he clapped his hands together and rose to his feet.
Together, they crossed her flat towards the door, and she let herself sink into his hug once more.
"I love you, Hermione.
Things are gonna be okay, yeah?"
She nodded, her fingers digging into the wool of his jumper before releasing him and reaching up to tussle his hair.
"Yeah, Harry.
Things are gonna be okay."
With an awkward lift of his fingers, he was gone, and Hermione closed the door behind him, resting her forehead on the thick wood for a moment.
Harry knew.
Hermione was getting a divorce.
She screamed when another knock on the door beat against where her forehead lay, and with a scowl, she jumped back and wrenched the door open.
"What, Har—Teddy?"
Sliding sideways past her and into her flat, Hermoine stared at the thick expanse of his shoulders, no longer in a suit like she'd grown accustomed to but instead in a black jumper and denims.
When he turned, there was a tiny badger stitched into the fabric over his heart.
His hair was deep crimson, and her body ached, remembering the way he felt inside her this morning.
"Did you—" Hermione paused, clearing her throat and shifting uncomfortably, all of a sudden too aware of her clothing choice.
"Did something happen?
Is everything okay?"
His lips pulled into a smirk, and with a flick of his wrist, the doorknob was wrenched from her palm and the door slammed shut.
With two long strides, he was on her, pressing her firmly against the door.
"Nothing happened," he mumbled against her throat.
"Everything's okay."
His tongue darted out, wetting a spot at the juncture of her neck and shoulder before latching onto it, sucking hard.
"I just thought he'd never bloody leave."
Of their own accord, her hands moved up to twine in his hair; in her mind, she was going to detach him from her person so they could speak properly, but when his teeth dragged along the thin skin of her throat, she found she was pulling him closer, back arching into him as she let out a low whimper.
Before she had time to register the act, her jumper was being yanked over her head, leaving her in a thin tank top as he bent to leave a trail of wet kisses down her clavicle and over her breasts.
His mouth closed over the thin fabric of her shirt, taking her pebbled nipple into his mouth.
Hands curling over his shoulders, she dug her nails into his muscle as her head fell and knocked against the door.
"Teddy… we should… hnunghh—" Dropping to his knees, Teddy pushed up the hem of her shirt.
Hermione mourned the loss of all logical thought; it died a weak, barely noticeable death as his large hands curled around the bones of her hips and pulled her into his face.
"What's that, Hermione?"
His palms found her arse, squeezing firmly as she felt the little resolve she'd been holding onto wither away.
She was aching for him, the walls of her sex pulsing and hot with her need, and when he looked up at her from down on his knees, she couldn't help but roll her eyes with a soft growl of resignation.
He tugged down her pyjama bottoms, leaving in her a modest pair of knickers.
Teddy's hands didn't stop moving, didn't stop kneading and massaging as his lips left breadcrumbs of his exploration all over her torso.
Shortly after, her knickers followed her bottoms, tossed Merlin knows where, as his hand curled around her calf and lifted it over his shoulder.
Eyes clenched tightly, Hermione chewed on her lip as one hand slid from the curve of her bum and pushed quickly into her silken folds.
Her mouth fell open, wanton little noises slipping from her lips as his tongue flicked out against her clit.
Pumping in and out of her at a sinfully delicious pace, Teddy hummed in appreciation asHermione bucked her hips into him.
The hand not buried deep inside her snaked up her torso, palming and massaging her breast over her shirt, and Godric help her, but her own hand fell over his, moving in tandem as she rode his face.
"Fuck, Teddy—" She felt him smile against her mound, his fingers curling to hit that spot that made her— ooooh.
"That's the general idea.
Come for me, love.
I want to fuck you against this door."
His voice was low, commanding her, and when he sucked her clit between his full lips and then began laving long strokes against it with his tongue, she did just that.
An overwhelming, mind blistering orgasm washed over her in waves, darkening her vision as she lost herself with her fingers tangled in his hair.
As the last of her orgasm faded and her body began to go slack, Teddy rose, ripping his shirt over his head in a single fluid motion and then crushed his lips against hers.
The taste of her was still on his lips, and the way he plunged his tongue between her lips, just like he'd done between her folds, made her keen.
Yanking his belt loose, she quickly freed his cock.
He wasn't wearing any pants under his denims, which unexpectedly made her knees buckle, her weight giving out under her.
His trousers pooled at his ankles, and his hands gripped the curve under her bum, lifting her easily into his arms as he positioned her entrance at his head.
There was barely a beat of a second as the warmth of his cock sank inside her, his torso pinning her to the door as her arms wound tightly around his neck.
She could feel him growing inside her, filling her as his lips latched onto her neck, and when she finally cried out, feeling like he might split her if he continued on, he began thrusting.
Soft grunts filled the air as he drove into her, his hands gripping her arse hard enough to leave bruises.
There was no escape from him.
He was somehow everywhere all at once, lips and hips and endless touches.
Still, she wanted more.
She wanted it again and again and again for as long as he'd have her because this must be why people became sex addicts.
It must have been like this for everyone else for their entire lives and— damnit, Katie was right.
His hips snapped once, twice, three more times, and then he stilled, a low strangled noise rumbling against the crook of her neck as he held tightly to her.
It was Hermione to seek him out, turning her face and searching for his lips until they were pressing against each other softly, almost reverently.
And this time when his tongue brushed against hers, she whimpered and pulled him closer.
Their lips parted only because he grinned, and she wanted to chastise him for his apparent smugness but settled for a quick, playful nip of his bottom lip.
"Do you want to stay awhile?"
She ran her fingers through his hair, currently the shade of bubblegum, and his eyes danced, changing from hazel to blue and back to hazel in the span of a breath.
He shifted under her, sliding from her folds and hoisting her up higher as he toed off his shoes and discarded his denims where they stood.
Turning for her bedroom, Teddy's lips brushed once more against hers, and his fingers tightened under her bum.
"As long as you'll have me, Minister."
xXx Moonbeams streaked through the open windows, lighting their tangled legs as Teddy's fingers trailed softly up and down her spine.
If this moment had a sound, it would be a purr.
Content and quiet, audible only if you paid enough attention.
Hermione was laying on her stomach, Teddy just to her side as her eyes drifted closed for the umpteenth time.
The day had been full of sex and the serenity of after; they paused for takeaway, though Hermione insisted he stay safely hidden in the bedroom lest the delivery girl have a big fat mouth and salacious intentions of running off to Witch Weekly.
But they were now deep into the night.
London was fast asleep, and she should be, too.
Reality waited in the morning, ready to steal this temporary happiness.
It was too easy to delude herself when Teddy's bare chest brushed against her and his lips took over for his fingers, sprinkling featherlight kisses along each vertebrae until he was dangerously near her bum.
She stiffened slightly as he made his way to the curve of her arse, his hand sliding up the inside of her thigh, but he just chuckled and fell back down next to her.
"Fear not, Minister.
I'm kinky, but not that kinky."
Hermione's nose wrinkled.
"I don't think I'm kinky.
Or at least, I wouldn't know.
This is by far the most… adventurous I've ever been."
She rolled then, the sheet falling away and exposing her breasts.
Out of habit, she reached for it, tugging it up, but Teddy's fingers wrapped around her wrist, and with a small pout, she released it.
His gaze left hers, traveling slowly down her neck to her chest and finally to her breasts.
Once, she'd been quite proud of them; they'd been of perfect size and shape, perky even.
Ron had always gawked at them in the early days of their intimate relationship.
They were nothing to be ashamed of now, certainly.
But she found herself far more self-conscious than she'd been in her youth, and a hot blush bloomed on her chest as he stared at them, cupping her breast in his palm and gliding the pad of his thumb over her nipple.
"I wish you could see how beautiful I think you are; if you could, I don't think you'd doubt yourself another day of your life."
His eyes shot up to hers, dark and dangerous, and her breath hitched.
"I don't know what you think you see, Teddy.
I'm twice your age, and you're all..." Her voice trailed off as her fingers splayed over the hard curve of muscle on his chest.
Shaking his head, he gripped her hip and pulled her so she was straddling his lap.
A laugh bubbled from deep inside her as she reached for the blankets and wrapped them around herself like a cocoon.
"Teddy!"
His hands stayed firm, curling around her hips as her heat pressed against his growing member.
Grinning up at her, he bit down on his lip and rocked her once.
Sliding his palms to her bum, he squeezed, and she let out a little yelp.
"I like this.
The curve of your arse in your smart little skirts.
Merlin knows the number of times I've wanked in the shower thinking about bending you over your desk and sliding my cock between your legs."
A low whimper vibrated from her throat as he grew under her.
Gently, he reached up and pulled the sheet away; reluctantly, she let him.
Bare in the moonlight, she felt heat blossoming over her skin.
Teddy shifted, dragging them up until he was seated, resting against the headboard, his nose bumping into hers.
"I love this curve," he said slowly, his lips barely brushing against her skin as his hands traced the gentle slope of her waist.
"And this one."
His palms tracked over her bum, the tips of his fingers digging into the thick flesh there and pulling her closer.
All his words sank deep into her soul, slow embers stoked to life, and her hands came up to rest on the headboard while his lips finally pressed to her clavicle, then further south.
In slow, torturous tandem, his hands and his mouth worked towards each other, fingers gliding up her ribs and skimming the curve of her breast.
When they joined, his palms filling with the weight of her as his tongue darted out to flick her sensitive nipple, she keened, hips rocking forward of their own volition, while her fingers tried in vain to dig into the headboard.
"And don't get me started on these fucking tits—" His head fell back, and he stared lewdly, running his thumbs over her pert nipples.
"Gods, I used to daydream about them, about dragging my teeth over every inch of ivory skin and making you come just by doing this."
As he talked, his fingers followed his words, and he began toying with her until she was panting and her eyes fluttered closed.
She mumbled his name, rising up so he could position himself under her but he didn't; his hands released her breasts, and he sat up, pressing his broad chest against hers and wrapping his thick arms around her slender waist.
"I want every inch of you, Hermione.
Don't forget that."
Capturing her mouth in a tender kiss, he slid a hand between them and poised himself between her folds.
Slowly, she sank down, gasping against his lips he filled her.
Each movement was slow and purposeful as they rocked against each other, their quiet breaths filling the night as his hands roamed her body, reverently memorizing every last dip and curve until finally, he started to thrust into her with renewed vigor, bringing them both over the edge in a shared orgasm.
This one felt different, felt heavier—more important.
And as he rolled them to the side and dragged her into his arms, she couldn't help but feel like she was in a whole mess of trouble.
xXx Endless thanks to my Alpha/Beta team, MCal and Ravenslight.
And many thanks to you, lovely reader!
I appreciate you coming back each week and sharing your thoughts with me.
It makes me oh so happy!
