Chapter One: Grimmauld Place .
Present Day — 1998 .
"You'd think," Harry said, "that after I defeated Voldemort, they'd stop doing hack jobs on me in the papers."
Ron and Hermione exchanged a glance, as though debating between themselves who was going to respond this time.
The headline written across the front page of the paper that Harry was holding read: BOY WHO WON: UNCHECKED, UNTAPPED POWERS?
"The Daily Prophet's untrustworthy, Harry," Hermione said, after a pause.
"Most people know this by now.
Think of all the horrible Pureblood propaganda it put out during the war!
I'm sure no one reads this and takes it seriously."
Harry cleared his throat and began reading.
"'Harry Potter claims to have killed the wizard known as the Dark Lord Voldemort by using soul magic.
While this soul magic claim has not yet been verified by Ministry officials, many fear what other powerful magic Mr. Potter may know.
Others ask themselves, is it is wise for one so young to be so unrestricted in the usage of such abilities?
"'Soul magic, which has been banned from proper society for decades, is commonly known as a marker for dark wizards, due to its volatile and dangerous nature.
One wonders where Mr. Potter learned such arts, and if the defeat of Voldemort is merely a stepping stone toward a larger, more ominous goal.'"
Harry paused for breath, eyeing his two best friends over the top of the newspaper.
"It does sort of make you sound like an aspiring Dark Lord," Ron admitted.
"But no one who knows you is going to believe that.
You saved us all from Voldemort, Harry.
People are going to be real grateful once it sinks into their skulls properly."
"Yeah," said Harry, now staring dully down at the headline.
"I sure hope so."
"Cheer up, mate," Ron said, patting Harry on the shoulder.
"Voldemort's dead now.
Don't listen to what those stupid journalists have got to say.
You should be doing something fun, not sitting around here reading their lousy articles.
Come on, Hermione and I have got this dinner reservation, and you should come with us."
Ron stood up, nudging at Hermione as he made his way over to the door.
Harry offered Ron a poor attempt at a smile.
"Really, Ron, it's fine.
I don't need to be cheered up, I'm just a bit annoyed is all.
It's nothing I'm not used to; remember in my fifth year?"
"Harry," Hermione said, her tone exasperated.
"You don't have to downplay everything that happens to you."
"I'm not," Harry said hotly.
"Listen, it's fine.
I really couldn't care less if they all think I'm some nutter now.
Voldemort is dead, we killed all the Horcruxes, and that's what matters.
You two go out and have some fun together, really.
I don't need to be coddled."
"You spend all your time shut up here in Grimmauld Place," Hermione said.
"And don't tell me you have Kreacher for company, because he's not the same as a person, Harry."
"Kreacher's great," Harry said defensively.
"Yeah."
Ron snorted.
"I'm sure you have real intellectual conversations together."
Harry sighed.
"Just go enjoy your reservation, alright?
I told you that I'm not upset, I'm just a bit annoyed.
I promise I'm not going to die of misery before I see you both again."
Kreacher ambled into the dining room just then, and his arms were carrying Ron and Hermione's coats.
He handed both articles of clothing directly to Ron, then stalked off again.
Kreacher still had difficulties with looking Hermione in the eye at times, but he was grudgingly polite to her when Harry asked it of him.
Ron and Hermione glanced back at Harry again, clearly hesitating.
Harry raised his eyebrows at them.
"Go on," he said, making a 'shoo' motion with his hand.
"I spent about two years waiting for you two to finally get it together, so I feel like I'm also entitled to tell you both to get lost and go on a date."
That comment made Hermione smile, which in turn made Harry feel a little better.
"We'll see you soon," Hermione promised, and Ron nodded in affirmation.
Once they were gone, Harry looked down at the article again.
His friends meant well with their reassurances, but Harry knew better than to be lulled into false hopes.
These articles were only the beginning of what was bound to become another smear campaign against him.
Snape's words from Harry's first year at Hogwarts echoed loudly in his mind— clearly fame isn't everything.
Harry wished that people would just leave him be.
He hadn't asked to be the Chosen One, and he certainly hadn't asked to be the one who had to defeat Voldemort.
And now, even though he'd finally gone and done it, he was still trapped in the limelight, his reputation forever hinging on whether or not it was politically convenient to support Harry Potter.
It wasn't as though Harry cared for politics—although he had originally thought that Kingsley would have been a given for Minister of Magic, apparently that had not been the case—but people wanted his opinions on things anyways.
The main problem was, it seemed that if Harry didn't give opinions, then people would simply start to make them up.
Harry had been continually bombarded with questions about this or that, and eventually he'd grown tired of it.
This, of course, had only led to more rampant speculation.
Speculation had only led to demands for more answers.
And all of that had, quite clearly, led to the article he was now holding in his hands.
It should have been easier than this, he thought.
It all should have just ended with Voldemort's demise.
There were still a lot of on-going issues with the reconciliation between the Ministry and the Muggleborn community.
People were demanding reparations from a government that did not want to claim any responsibility for its actions.
It was Voldemort, the Ministry said, who had controlled everything—nevermind the dozens of Ministry employees who had also been willing Death Eaters, and therefore eager participants in the torture and execution of Muggleborns.
There were names and faces in the papers that Harry knew were guiltier than their placating words would suggest.
But Harry had done what he could; he had advocated for the Muggleborns and said that he believed they were owed for the suffering they'd undergone.
People had then accused him of seeking compensation.
Not outright, but it had most definitely been implied.
It was after that that the press had taken to hounding him wherever he went, so Harry had then decided that showing his face in public was more trouble than it was worth, and started to hole himself up in Grimmauld Place.
It wasn't as though he was the only one getting negative press, either.
Ron and Hermione had certainly gotten their own share of slander—although it was a lot less, which Harry was glad about.
Ron and his family had lost Fred, and Hermione still had yet to secure the travel documents needed for her to go and restore her parents' memories.
They had enough to deal with without Harry adding his own problems to the list.
When Kreacher delivered the Daily Prophet the next morning, the headline was not any better.
Harry read it quickly, then dumped it into a pile along with the rest of the papers he had collected.
A headache was starting to form even though it was only ten in the morning.
Harry had trouble sleeping most nights—anxiety from the negative press and lingering nightmares from Voldemort prevented him from catching more than a few hours at a time.
"Thanks Kreacher," said Harry, as the elf poured him a steaming cup of coffee.
Kreacher bowed low, his locket bouncing on his chest as he did so, and then scampered off.
Grimmauld Place was a lot cleaner lately, Harry had noticed.
And Regulus' room, where Harry had been sleeping, was always spotless.
Harry sipped at his coffee.
The caffeine probably wasn't very good for his sleep habits, but he liked the feeling of being awake too much to give it up.
There was a certain safety in being awake, in knowing that he had control over what he did during his waking hours.
He didn't think the desire for sleep was going to overpower his urge to avoid nightmares anytime soon.
Ever since the so-called Battle of Hogwarts, Harry felt as though he was sitting precariously on an edge, about to plummet into the ocean and drown at any given moment.
Somehow, though he never actively tried to picture it, he continually found himself imagining the oceanside cliff where Dumbledore had taken him to the find the locket horcrux.
His drifting thoughts concerned him more than his nightmares did, yet he did not feel comfortable enough to broach the topic with Ron and Hermione, not with all of the 'Dark Lord Potter' campaigning that was going on.
They would probably insist on spending more time with him and coddling him, which was the last thing Harry wanted.
Admittedly, the isolation was starting to get to him, but Harry didn't want to subject any of his friends to more bad press if he could help it.
Ron and Hermione were one thing; he would be hard pressed to get rid of them, and he would never want to.
But everyone else he could shield with whatever protection his absence from their lives could grant them.
Ginny, Neville, and Luna all wrote him regularly, and Harry did his best to respond in a timely manner.
It was not as though he had better things to do.
Kreacher had already suggested bringing Harry to the Black family library—it was an offer that amused Harry far more than it should have, for he did not doubt that the library was full of books on dark magic.
"Does Master Harry want breakfast?"
Kreacher prompted, startling Harry from his thoughts.
"Ah, sure," Harry said, biting down on the 'thanks' that he knew Kreacher would not want to hear.
Harry would have probably forgotten to eat at all if it wasn't for Kreacher.
He watched as the old elf tottered towards the kitchen.
Kreacher was Disapparating less than he had used to; Harry had only recently realized that the landings from reappearing were probably hard on Kreacher's creaky knees.
He resolved then to see if there were any healing potions that would be safe for elves to drink.
Kreacher deserved to be comfortable if he was holed up in here with Harry all the time.
When Kreacher returned, it was with a plate of diagonally-cut toast, some thick slices of ham, and a bit of scrambled egg.
Harry ate mechanically, though the food did taste very excellent, and polished his plate off in record time.
Kreacher, who had been watching closely to make sure Harry finished everything (when had that even started happening?
), then snapped up the dirty plate and utensils for washing, floating them away from the table.
Harry noted that Kreacher must have also refilled his coffee at some point, because the liquid was steaming hot again.
Taking a careful drink of his coffee, Harry sat back in his chair.
The headache was still there, although it was less painful now that he'd had the coffee.
Maybe Hermione and Ron were right—he was spending far too much time inside Grimmauld Place and some fresh air would do him some good.
But how to go outside without being followed around?
He could use his Invisibility Cloak, but walking around in that seemed to defeat the purpose of soaking up the sunlight.
Harry frowned.
There had to be some other way for wizards to go about unnoticed, a method that did not make use of Polyjuice Potion.
He was sure there was; he just couldn't quite recall it.
He'd have to ask Hermione the next time he saw her—she would definitely have the answer.
Kreacher came back into the room again, this time with a small stack of letters.
"Master Harry has messages from his friends," said Kreacher.
"Would Master like to read them now?"
"Yeah, you can put them on the table," Harry said.
The letters flew up and onto the table, and then Kreacher walked out again.
Harry eyed the pile.
There was a letter from Neville, a letter from Ginny, and then a third letter with no name on it.
It would have been more suspicious if Harry was not reassured that his mail had been very thoroughly screened by the wards of Sirius' ancestral family home.
Kreacher had explained to Harry, as best he could, just how the wards worked.
Aside from being under the Fidelius, Grimmauld Place was safe from messages of malicious intent being delivered.
Only those who were both included under the Fidelius and innocent of ill intent would be permitted to pass letters through the wards.
So Harry felt relatively safe in opening the unknown letter.
Perhaps Luna had simply forgotten to put her name on it?
That seemed like the type of thing she could possibly do.
He went and opened the letters from Ginny and Neville first, pushing his curiosity aside for the time being.
Ginny was currently studying to pass her NEWTs at Hogwarts, though Harry knew she had plans to go professional with Quidditch once she graduated.
Her letters were upbeat and cheerful, something that Harry was grateful for.
It was always nice to hear funny stories Ginny had to share from her classes.
She was Quidditch Captain now, too, which meant he also got to hear how Gryffindor was doing in the school rankings.
Neville was also back at Hogwarts, though he was only taking a select few courses.
He was still mostly undecided on what he wanted to do following his graduation, but Harry suspected that Neville would likely end up as Hogwarts' newest Herbology professor, given that Professor Sprout had been dropping hints about retiring soon.
The third letter, as noted, did not have a sender's address written on it.
There was only Harry's name scrawled in elegant calligraphy across the front.
Harry had the nagging feeling that he ought to recognize the handwriting, but he wasn't sure where.
Harry J. Potter.
Harry had certainly never been able to write his own name that neatly before.
Opening the envelope revealed a plain card with a time, a date, and a location written on it.
Flipping the card over, Harry stared at its blank backside for a few minutes, his mind churning.
It felt like a trap, like he ought to just throw the entire thing away and forget about it.
But there was a part of him that wanted to know just exactly what he had received an invitation to.
The date listed was not for another three weeks.
He could let the note simmer until then, probably.
So Harry opened up his mokeskin pouch and dropped the card inside.
The pouch swallowed it eagerly.
Gingerly picking up the envelope again, Harry gazed down at the looping cursive of his name.
Then he drew his holly wand, aiming it at the envelope and promptly casting Evanesco, vanishing the paper from existence.
The next time Ron and Hermione came by to visit, Ron was sporting a swelling eye while Hermione fussed over him.
The two of them were having a muttered argument as they entered Grimmauld Place.
"What happened?"
Harry demanded, his wand already drawn despite the fact that they were standing alone together in his entrance hall.
"Nothing," Ron said, "it was nothing."
"That doesn't look like nothing," Harry said furiously.
"Were you attacked by Death Eaters or something?
I swear I'm going to go to the Ministry and—" "It wasn't Death Eaters," Hermione said hastily, and then she bit her lip.
Harry stared between the two of them.
Hermione slowly removed her coat, then Ron's, and handed both of them off to Kreacher, who had waited silently by the coat rack to receive them.
"Then what happened?"
Ron winced as Hermione gingerly felt around his cheek with her fingertips.
"Listen, Harry, it's not a big deal, alright?"
Hermione was now aiming her wand at Ron's face as she muttered a healing spell—immediately the swelling seemed to dissipate and fade away, leaving nothing but faintly pink skin behind.
"Someone was going on about those articles on you in the papers," Hermione said finally.
"So Ron punched him in the face."
Ron winced again.
"You could have said it more nicely, Hermione."
"Then maybe you should have thought it through a little better!"
Hermione huffed.
"It makes us all look worse, Ron."
"I know and I'm sorry," Ron said, sighing.
"I know I shouldn't have done it, but you heard what that bloke was saying about Harry, I couldn't just let him get away with that—" Hermione had driven her elbow into Ron's side, effectively cutting him off in the process.
"Anyways," Hermione said loudly.
"It won't be happening again, so there's nothing to worry about."
Kreacher ambled back into the hallway, then bowed in Harry's direction.
"Kreacher has served tea in the drawing room for Master Harry and his friends."
So they settled in the drawing room together, and Harry listened to Hermione as she talked about joining the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures after she finished her NEWTs at Hogwarts.
Hermione was attending classes sporadically, and so she was mostly living in her childhood home, saying that it didn't feel right to leave the place empty while her parents were still stranded in Australia.
Harry knew that Ron was worried about her living alone like that, but his parents weren't about to let him move in with Hermione while they were so young.
Ron plopped into one of the armchairs, making himself at home as Kreacher handed him a cup of tea.
"Hermione," said Harry, "I wanted to ask you something."
"Oh?"
Hermione leaned forward, interested.
It was probably the first time in weeks that Harry had shown an inclination towards something that wasn't sticking around Grimmauld Place.
"Yeah, I was wondering, is there some kind of way for wizards to walk around undetected?"
Harry asked.
Then he hastily added, "Not like with the Invisibility Cloak or Polyjuice Potion, but a way someone, maybe a Death Eater, could be hiding themselves in public areas."
Hermione looked thoughtful for a moment.
"There is the Notice-Me-Not Charm.
It's dependent on the power of the caster, and it only works if you're in a place where people are not expecting you or deliberately looking for you.
So, in a public area such as Diagon Alley, a wanted criminal might be able to get by on it without being spotted, so long as there was no one near them who was paying close attention to their surroundings and recognized them."
That seemed pretty ideal to Harry, who only wanted to be able to walk around Muggle London without being harassed by reporters.
"I think that might be what I'm looking for," Harry said.
"I don't suppose you have a book on how to do it?"
"Well, not with me at the moment," said Hermione.
'"But I can send it to you once I'm back at home—why do you need to know the spell, anyways?"
Harry hadn't thought that far ahead.
"Ah—" he said, fumbling for an excuse.
"You're not going to go out looking for Death Eaters, are you?"
Ron interjected, looking upset.
"No," said Harry.
Then, more defensively, "No, I'm not.
Why would I do that?"
Hermione tapped a finger to her chin in an exaggerated manner.
"Maybe because you have a saving people thing?"
"I just want some fresh air," Harry said testily.
"Alright?
Or is that too much to ask?"
"Harry," said Hermione, disapproval in her tone.
Kreacher came back in again, this time with a plate of tarts.
The selection was not varied; they were mostly Harry's favourite, treacle tart, with a few small raspberry jam ones wedged in between.
Ron took two at random and started eating.
"I think it's a great idea," he said between bites.
"Harry can walk around without getting bothered."
"Avoiding the problem doesn't make it go away," Hermione said.
"No, but eventually it has to die down, right?
And once things are back to normal, then it won't matter as much anymore!"
Harry chewed slowly on a treacle tart as they continued to argue back and forth on it.
When the debate finally wound down, it seemed as though Ron had succeeded in convincing Hermione that no harm could come of letting Harry wander around London with a Notice-Me-Not Charm plastered to him.
"Besides," Ron concluded.
"Even Harry would have difficulty running into trouble in Muggle London.
How many Pureblood swots d'you suppose know how to work the London Underground?"
Hermione rolled her eyes.
"Ron, you don't even know how to get on the London Underground."
"I've been before!"
Ron said, offended.
"Yes, when you had someone to tell you where to go," Hermione said.
"But I suppose you're right in that it can't be too dangerous.
Although," she added, this time to Harry, "I would feel better if you only went out with one of us."
"I'm fine, Hermione," Harry said, relieved that the argument was over.
"Voldemort's dead—nothing's going to happen to me."
A/N: famous last words, harry... famous last words... i am actually rather excited to write this story, as it'll have a version of harry that's closer to canon.
we'll be having a bit of a slow build up to start with... just for the mystery and the atmosphere and all that.
enjoy imagining all the things tom's gotten up to in the meantime... all will be explained eventually :)Chapter Two: Notice-Me-Not Charm Hermione sent him the book by owl later that afternoon, only a mere hour after she and Ron had departed Grimmauld Place.
Harry wouldn't have been surprised if it had been the first thing she'd done once she'd gotten home.
The Notice-Me-Not Charm seemed straight-forward enough; the main problem was that the spell was non-verbal, and required the caster's confidence to power its strength.
Harry had some practice with non-verbal spells from Hogwarts, and had picked up a lot more out of necessity during their Horcrux hunt.
But unfortunately for Harry, even that was not enough to instill confidence in his ability to cast the charm successfully.
But Harry practiced the wand movements diligently in the study room while Kreacher periodically bustled in and out, trying to convince Harry to eat more snacks.
Hermione had even written out some helpful notes on the spell for him to look at, so he hoped it would be enough.
"Atque Occultatum," said Harry.
Kreacher had stopped to watch him this time, his tray of tea things hovering just off to the side.
Deciding it was a good a time as any, Harry said, "Kreacher, I'm going to try a new spell on myself.
Can you tell me if you notice anything different?"
It would be better to embarrass himself in front of the house-elf rather than any of his friends, or worse yet, to go outside only to find the spell hadn't worked after all.
"Yes, Kreacher can watch young Master," said Kreacher, bobbing his head.
With a snap of his fingers, the tea tray floated to a nearby table and settled there.
Harry took a deep breath to steady himself.
"Confidence," he said to himself, and then he ran his wand through the movements outlined in Hermione's book, thinking Atque Occultatum!
as hard as he could.
There was a sort of tingle in his wand hand, and then there was a familiar wash of magic over his person, just like with the Disillusionment Charm.
Then he stood there, waiting to see if anything had happened.
Kreacher still standing in the doorway, blinked at him.
So Harry said, awkwardly, "Can you still see me?"
"Yes, Master Harry.
Kreacher can still see Master."
Well, so much for mastering it on the first go.
Harry sighed inwardly.
"Alright, that's all, then.
You can go, if you like."
Harry sat around for a bit after that, mulling over the spell, debating if he should try casting it again.
Then he decided to perhaps give it another go tomorrow, seeing as his failure to cast it would probably be detrimental towards having enough confidence to try it again.
He wandered downstairs into the kitchen, where Kreacher was preparing dinner.
The wizened elf was bustling about quite a lot considering he and Harry were the only two people in the house who needed to eat.
Usually Kreacher didn't like it when he hovered, but Harry planted himself against the counter anyways, watching as the elf worked.
It still felt strange to let Kreacher do all the cooking and cleaning for him.
Harry tried his best to leave as little mess as possible in the house; he made his own bed in the morning and kept his dirty clothes in the proper hampers.
It was a far cry from what he was used to at the Dursleys, but he supposed it was most similar to what he'd experienced at Hogwarts.
Kreacher tottered by in front of Harry, seemingly focused on gathering ingredients for the soup he was making.
Harry was reminded of his plans to research healing options for House-Elves.
He really should have asked Hermione when she'd been by, because it was something she likely already knew, but it had slipped his mind.
Kreacher walked by again, this time with a handful of freshly peeled carrots wrapped in a cloth, and Harry was struck with the notion that perhaps House-Elves had their own types of healing methods.
"Kreacher?"
asked Harry.
The house-elf startled, and his bundle of carrots dropped onto the floor, where two of them escaped their wrappings and began to roll away.
"Noooo," Kreacher moaned, scrambling to pick up the vegetables.
"Kreacher is sorry, Kreacher is—" Panicking, Harry said in a rush, "No, it's fine, it's fine Kreacher, do not punish yourself, it was a mistake, I shouldn't have startled you like that—" Kreacher had already dumped the carrots into a colander and begun to rinse them vigorously in the sink.
"Kreacher will fix this, Master Harry," said the elf furiously.
At a loss, Harry stood there a moment longer, just to make sure that Kreacher wasn't about to hurt himself.
Nothing further happened, though, so Harry decided that he was probably better off just waiting in the study until it was time for dinner.
He turned and made his way back upstairs.
The tea tray was still there on the table, so Harry cast a non-verbal Water-Heating Charm on the pot, which let out a shrill whistle as it boiled instantly.
As he poured his tea, he went back to thinking about the Notice-Me-Not Charm.
He reopened the text that Hermione had given him, glancing once again at the passage that outlined the theory.
In this section, Hermione had underlined the words 'deliberately seeking the caster'.
Harry blinked.
Just then, Kreacher bustled back into the study, his beady eyes narrowing in on Harry.
"Dinner is ready, Master Harry," said Kreacher.
"Right, th—" Harry cut himself off from automatically thanking Kreacher.
"I'll be down in a few minutes."
He looked at the passage again, trying to organize his thoughts.
There was a theory solidifying in his mind, and he wanted to test it.
But how to do so?
Harry rubbed at his forehead, at the scar that would never fade.
There was one easy way to find out.
Kreacher would be expecting him downstairs shortly, which ruled out that as an option, so Harry stood up and Disapparated with a crack.
When he reappeared, it was in an alley just outside the Leaky Cauldron.
Harry took a moment to sort himself out and quell his nerves.
The autumn air was bitingly cold against his skin.
He hadn't thought to bring a coat with him.
Hoping his jumper would suffice, Harry shook himself of the chill and left the alley he was in, making his way over to the Leaky Cauldron.
It was busy on the street just outside the Leaky.
People were either coming here or going to Diagon Alley for a place to eat.
Harry's stomach rumbled, adding its own opinion to the mix.
Taking a few more steps and brushing past a few witches gathered on the pavement, Harry reached the door and pushed his way inside.
If Harry had to make an estimate, he would have said that there were approximately fifty or so people in the pub.
The mood of the patrons could best be described as 'drunkenly cheerful'.
There was much chatter and general merriment going on.
Harry checked his watch—it was half past eight in the evening.
Then he stood there for a moment, feeling like an idiot.
How was he supposed to be able to tell if anyone could see him?
At the back of the Leaky, Tom the barman was serving drinks to a crowd of rowdy wizards.
Harry made his way over, looking for a seat.
But surely a bartender would be expecting patrons?
So maybe it still wasn't the proper type of test.
Someone got up from the bar, so Harry sat down in the newly vacated space.
The noisy wizards continued their demands for more drink while Harry watched them.
He sat there for a while, minding his watch.
Five minutes went by, and still no one approached him.
Harry hesitantly turned around on his stool and glanced around the bar.
Maybe the spell had worked after all.
Deciding not to push his luck any further, Harry stood and made his way back over to the entrance, keeping his head tucked down as he did so.
This position, however, led him into an unlucky collision with someone who was coming into the pub.
Whoever it was must have recognized him, because their torso jerked backwards in surprise.
Harry paid them no mind, muttering a quick "Sorry," before he fled the scene, heart beating fast.
As soon as he was far enough away from the door, he Apparated back to Grimmauld Place.
An irate Kreacher was waiting for him in the dining room.
"Dinner is cold," Kreacher muttered upon seeing Harry.
The elf snapped his fingers, causing food to appear on the table.
It was steaming, though Harry assumed it was because Kreacher had reheated it for him.
"Sorry," Harry said, stumbling into the chair Kreacher had pulled out for him.
"I didn't mean to take so long."
Kreacher shot him a baleful look, and continued to mutter as he trudged away, "Kreacher does not complain, no, not when Master leaves the house without telling Kreacher.
Kreacher takes good care of Master Harry, Kreacher keeps Master Harry fed when he forgets to eat.
All without complaint, Kreacher does.
Master Harry is a most stubborn child, just like Master Regulus."
Gulping down a spoonful of the soup Kreacher had prepared, Harry pondered over Kreacher's behaviour.
Harry had never thought he'd feel guilty about being rude to Kreacher, of all people, but it was happening nonetheless.
"Kreacher?"
he called.
The elf turned around and took a few steps back into the dining room.
"Yes, Master Harry?"
"I wanted to ask you something," Harry began.
Then he paused, so as to better organize his thoughts, because he wasn't exactly sure how Kreacher would react to being asked, however abstractedly, about his own well-being.
"Are there any kinds of potions or spells that wizards can use to help… prolong the lives of their house-elves?"
Harry asked.
"Or, I don't know, anything to just help reduce pain?
Kreacher's form went rather still, though his eyes were fixed on Harry's face.
It made Harry worry that he'd gone too far, that he'd upset Kreacher somehow, only he wasn't sure how he'd gone and done it, and therefore he was at a loss as to how to apologize for it.
"Master Harry will finish his supper," said Kreacher, eventually.
"And then Master Harry will call upon Kreacher again, but only when he is finished eating."
Then he vanished with a loud crack, leaving Harry with the distinct feeling that if he did not finish eating all the food on his plate, Kreacher would not respond to his call in a very friendly manner.
Following dinner, Kreacher had directed Harry upstairs to the Black family library.
Apprehensive but curious, Harry allowed himself to be shown into what was probably the darkest remaining room in the house.
During previous purges of Grimmauld Place, Sirius had kept them all away from the library, saying that only heirs of the house would be allowed past its wards.
Harry knew that Sirius had intended to clear it out eventually, but never had either the inclination or the chance to do so… "Master Harry asks about how to care for House-Elves," Kreacher said, gesturing at the shelves.
"Kreacher brings Master to the Black library for answers."
The Black library most closely resembled a cross between a shop in Knockturn Alley and the Restricted Section at Hogwarts' library.
The books quivered whenever Harry looked at them—some of the books were even probably looking back at him.
There was a thick, heavy feeling in the air, like the atmosphere just before a large storm rolled in.
"Are there books here on the subject?"
Harry asked dubiously.
Somehow, he doubted that a family with house-elf heads mounted on the walls actually cared much about its house-elves.
Kreacher snapped his fingers, and a book emerged from one of the shelves, floating over towards Harry.
It was a relatively thin book with a raw-looking leather cover.
The title read 'Wizardkind's Most Faithful'.
Harry plucked the book out of the air gingerly, wondering if it was going to bite like the 'Monster Book of Monsters' did.
When the book failed to do anything spectacular, Harry flipped it open and noted immediately that most of the pages had writing on them.
This only served to further intensify his unease as he was inevitably reminded of Snape's old potion's book.
"What is this book, Kreacher?"
asked Harry.
While he didn't think Kreacher would willingly give Harry anything that could hurt him, he did know from experience that House-Elves' ideas of what constituted as 'safe' could vary wildly.
"This was Master Regulus' book," Kreacher croaked solemnly.
"Master Regulus talked of helping Kreacher with this book."
Admittedly, that was as good of a reason as any to look at it.
Harry was fairly sure that Regulus had been genuinely fond of Kreacher, so the book was presumably a decent one.
"Alright," Harry said finally.
"Are there any other books on the topic, while I'm here?"
Kreacher shook his head.
So Harry left the library quickly, trying to disperse the strange chill that the room seemed to have drenched him in.
He took 'Wizardkind's Most Faithful' with him into the study and dropped it upon the desk.
Kreacher had come along, too, to make sure that Harry treated Regulus' possession with respect.
Harry began to read.
The book was clearly written decades ago, as a good deal of the language was beyond Harry's current vocabulary.
However, the parts of the book covering spells, potions, and rituals involving House-Elves were very explicit indeed.
Harry started to skim over those, so as not to make himself sick.
He started to flip through it faster, stopping only whenever he caught sight of Regulus' familiar handwriting.
Regulus was clever, based on his insightful notes scribbled into the margins.
Harry supposed that you had to be clever to trick Voldemort, of all people, so it made sense that Regulus was smart.
Then, finally, Harry reached a page that not only had Regulus' remarks scrawled all over the place, but also had an additional page of separate notes taped to it.
"Master Regulus' notes for Kreacher," said Kreacher, from where he had remained standing by Harry's elbow.
"This is a dark ritual," Harry said, his eyes scanning the instructions that Regulus had written out.
Regulus had altered the original directions from the book to suit his own agenda, but Harry knew the classification of the ritual would still be considered dark by any type of wizarding standards.
Kreacher said nothing in response to that.
The elf was used to casual applications of dark magic, Harry guessed.
So the idea of using a dark ritual on Kreacher was not troublesome to Kreacher in the slightest.
"I'll have to see if I can do this," Harry said at last, not looking Kreacher in the eye.
"Yes, Master Harry.
Master Harry will inform Kreacher if he requires any specific ingredients for the ritual."
Then Kreacher tottered away and down the stairs.
Sticking a bookmark in the page so he could find it later on, Harry closed 'Wizardkind's Most Faithful' and put it into the warded drawer of the desk, so that Ron or Hermione would not happen upon it accidentally.
He'd hate to see what Hermione would think of the existence of a book like this, let alone its contents.
His other book, the one containing the instructions on casting the Notice-Me-Not Charm, was still sitting open on the desk.
Harry reached for it, tugging it back to the center of the desk.
It was grounding to reread Hermione's prose, to hear her voice in his head as her words filled his gaze.
It helped to clear his mind of all the horrible things he'd just read.
Of course, Harry still wanted to help Kreacher, but he genuinely was not sure he'd be able to bring himself to do the ritual required.
It was the sort of thing he could picture Malfoy or Dudley doing and enjoying, which meant that the entire thing did not appeal to Harry much at all.
But he would, nevertheless, think it over and give it his best efforts, because the last thing that Harry wanted was for Kreacher to suffer.
There were already times when Harry was reminded of Dobby while watching Kreacher work, and the pain of missing his old friend could only be worsened by the loss of Kreacher, who Harry had also grown rather fond of.
Harry told himself that he would figure it out.
Magic was capable of incredible things as well as terrible ones.
Surely there would be a way to help Kreacher that did not involve dark magic.
Looking back at the textbook Hermione had lent him, Harry tried to refocus his attention on the passage she had highlighted.
He had already read it multiple times, but perhaps another go would reveal something that had not made sense to him before.
His head was starting to hurt again, but he ignored it.
He would go to bed earlier tonight, and perhaps that would help ameliorate the situation.
Hermione had written that the charm typically lasted anywhere from one to two hours before it required a recasting, and how long it did last depended on the strength of the caster.
Harry looked at his watch again—it was now close to ten in the evening.
When had he cast the charm originally?
He couldn't quite remember, but it must have been some time after seven, because he had not arrived at the Leaky Cauldron until just past eight.
Then he'd come back here, to Grimmauld Place, except Kreacher had been expecting him to show up for dinner, so that wasn't an accurate measure of when the spell had faded.
Maybe there was a way to test how long a spell lasted, either with a different spell or a potion.
Harry tapped his fingers on the desk impatiently.
He needed to learn more spells.
Which was convenient, he supposed, because he now had all the time in the world to do so.
He was no longer interested in joining the Ministry—not since Kingsley had been replaced as Minister for Magic by a wizard named Darnall Burke.
So then there had been no point in returning to Hogwarts to complete his NEWTs, either.
The idea of becoming an Auror had always been about defeating Voldemort, for what better place could there have been from which to combat the world's most feared Dark Lord?
Perhaps it had been naive of him, even then, to think that way.
Hadn't Umbridge's continued avoidance of prison proven that the Ministry would forever be built upon the backs of nepotism and bigotry?
Harry would have paid good money to see the ugly toad rotting in a cell somewhere in Azkaban, all of her happiness drained out of her.
Truthfully, he doubted that she had any good memories in her that weren't tied to the torture of innocents, which was all the more reason to remove the memories from her brain altogether.
The fact that she still existed was a thorn in Harry's side.
The excuse of simply doing as she was told was beyond despicable, let alone that she'd avoided any proper consequences for her actions.
So the point was that working for the Ministry was no longer an option that Harry wished to pursue.
So he had decided to settle for a nice, quiet life: living off of his inheritance, engaging in charity work, and supporting his friends in their career aspirations.
He would have been content if the press had left him alone for the rest of eternity, but that was mostly wishful thinking on his part.
Clearly, in order to have the kind of life he wished to lead, he needed to improve and expand his skills.
People already thought he was some kind of power-crazed maniac anyways, so improving his spellwork couldn't possibly make things any worse than they already were.
Harry decided that he would cast the Notice-Me-Not Charm again tomorrow, and attempt to visit Diagon Alley to purchase some new spellbooks.
If the trip failed, then he would settle for using Flourish and Blotts' owl-order service instead.
Plan made, Harry shut the book and stretched, leaning back in his chair.
Perhaps it was time for bed.
He got up and trudged to his room—Regulus' old room.
There was something comforting about the room that Harry couldn't put his finger on.
Maybe it was simply because it was as close to Sirius as Harry could get without the too-familiar feelings of guilt and grief twisting up his insides.
Kreacher had already set Harry's slippers and nightclothes out on the bed.
While the bed looked comfy and inviting, Harry couldn't bring himself to be truly excited to sleep in it.
With sleep came nightmares, and with nightmares came the horrors Voldemort had wrought upon his life.
Ever aware of what Harry was doing, even in sleep, Kreacher had suggested Harry take Dreamless Sleep Potion, but Harry knew from Hermione's warnings that excessive consumption could lead to permanent insomnia, or worse, narcolepsy.
So he'd dutifully avoided ingesting it, and had even gone as far as to order Kreacher to never give him any, just to be safe.
But as the days wore on, a night's sleep without dreams was looking more and more appealing.
Which was not to say that Harry would succumb to the temptation of the potion, but rather he had been considering staying up long enough to make himself pass out into a deep sleep from sheer exhaustion.
Tonight, however, he was feeling brave enough to give an early bedtime a proper shot.
So he washed and changed for bed, tucking himself into the blankets and pillows with a weary sort of resignation.
As his eyes slid shut, he hoped that tomorrow would bring better success than his nightmares were likely to show him tonight.
A/N: thanks for all the comments on the previous chapter!
:) as far as coincidences go, i'll be the first to admit the one in this chapter may be a little heavy handed, but i just couldn't resist.
also, kreacher is a good elf, mostly.
he's trying his best.
