Chapter 2: Chatting with the Neighbor Remember what I said about my situation not being as bad as I thought?
Turns out I was wrong.
Terribly naive and wrong.
My life is absolutely horrible, for one reason that I haven't accounted for at all.
Petunia Dursley.
I swear, that woman hates me.
The moment she noticed I wasn't the completely obedient servant she locked in the cupboard yesterday, she started screaming at me for being a worthless freak.
On the positive side, I did my first accidental Magic.
I memorized the feeling I got when I exploded the ceiling light as best as I could.
Getting my Magic under control is something I need to do ASAP.
On the negative side, Vernon (who didn't really care about me before) immediately started beating me up and now I'm locked in the cupboard again.
-HP-HP-HP- They had me locked in the cupboard until evening and then gave me some dinner leftovers.
The next few days were a bit better but I had to do a ton of chores.
Isn't child labor illegal?
I guess it is, but since I wasn't British in my original life I have absolutely no clue about the legal system here.
Luckily they didn't talk to me enough to notice that I developed a rather strange German/American accent overnight.
They did notice, however, that I seemed to have forgotten how to do my chores correctly.
and that I seemed to be unusually clumsy.
The result of all your body parts being way smaller than you're used to.
I totally understand how Tonks must be feeling all the time.
I really should find a way to get out of here, but I fear that if I try to run away Dumbledore will just put me back and Obliviate my memories of the escape attempt.
Unless...
I could prevent him from finding out.
I'd need to convince his Spy to help me though.
-HP-HP-HP- Finally!
The Dursleys are with Dudley at the playground and won't be back for a while, and they allowed me to stay in the garden unsupervised, as long as I wasn't going to annoy the neighbors.
Well, I'm about to break that rule, but I have no intention of letting them know.
So here I am, walking over to the fence behind which Ms. Figg was watering her Tulips.
"I know you're here to keep an eye on me, Ms. Figg.
My relatives won't be back for another hour or so, we can talk."
The startled Squib nearly dropped the watering can.
"Excuse me, what did you say, Boy?"
"I know I'm not normal.
I noticed a while ago that you're trying to keep an eye on me, probably because of my...
abilities."
"How...how did you find out?"
I knew from reading Harry Potter, but I can't let her know that.
"Just a guess.
So I take it you can tell me more about what my relatives call my freakishness?
I know it makes strange things happen, and they said my parents had it too.
Were they superheroes like in the comics?
Did they die fighting a supervillain?
I never believed the car crash story!
And who's behind you spying on me?
The MI6?
Are you a secret agent like James Bond?"
"No, no!
It's not freakishness, your parents weren't comicbook superheroes, and I'm not a spy like that!
You got it all wrong!"
"Really?"
"Yes.
Listen, Harry, I'm not really supposed to tell you, but you're a wizard.
You can do Magic.
You can't control it yet, that's why it always causes a mess.
Your parents, Lily and James, died fighting a dark wizard.
You survived, and Dumbledore wanted you to grow up like a normal child, which is why you're here."
"So you're a witch?"
"No, I'm a Squib", she sighed.
"I'm from a Magic family, and I can see Magical things, but I can't do Magic myself."
"Oh.
So, who's this Dumb Eldor?
Why did he want me to grow up here?
It's awful!"
"I know, and I tried to convince him otherwise, but he wants you safe.
The thing is, when the dark wizard who killed your parents tried to kill you, he couldn't do it for some reason and disappeared.
Nobody knows why, although I guess Dumbledore has some theories.
But because you made the dark wizard disappear, you're famous in the Magical world."
I do my best clueless-8-year-old impression: "Isn't being famous a good thing?"
"Dumbledore said he wanted you to grow up without fame, and I understand that.
But much more importantly, Dumbledore thinks the dark wizard could come back, and then he would attack you.
He says you're safe with your family."
"But... if a wizard attacks I'm not safe!
I'm the only one with Magic here and I don't know anything about it!"
"Dumbledore says there are Magical protections on the house of your family, but they only work if you're actually there.
So I'm sorry, but you can't be safe anywhere else."
Yeah, my mother's protection and everything.
Not that it protects me from Vernon trying to beat the Magic out of me.
"Can you teach me Magic?
If the evil wizard comes after me when I'm at school I will need Magic to defend myself!"
"While you're at school...
I didn't think of that.
Yes, you should probably know enough to defend yourself.
The thing is, there's laws against kids doing Magic without a teacher, and I can't teach you anyways because I can't do Magic."
"Petunia doesn't give me any pocket money, otherwise we could maybe hire a teacher to teach me Magic!"
"Money isn't an issue, but I don't think we can hire a teacher, Dumbledore wants as few people as possible to know you're here.
Safety and all."
"Couldn't you find someone you trust and ask them to become a teacher?
Maybe someone who was a good friend to my parents?"
"I could, but I don't think Dumbledore would approve.
He's probably going to be mad enough at me for telling you about Magic.
He insisted that I should just observe and not do anything."
"Then don't tell that stupid Dumb Eldor!"
Apparently she didn't take my insult to the great Dumbledore that well, as she's almost screaming at me.
"Don't talk about Dumbledore like that, he knows what he's doing!
He's the best wizard in the world and the Supreme Mugwump and the Chief Warlock and the Headmaster of Hogwarts, the Magic school!"
"Ah, I see.
He wants to be the one who teaches me about Magic!"
"DON'T BE STUPID!
HE JUST WANTS THE BEST FOR YOU!"
Yeah, right.
Of course he wants the best for me, dropping me off at the Dursley's doorstep in the middle of the night.
Of course it's no problem that I grow up in an abusive household as long as it's for The Greater Good™.
"WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT BOTHERING THE NEIGHBORS FREAK!"
Oh great, Petunia is bac.
hapter 3: Werewolf, Magic, Justice A few days after my relatives caught me annoying the neighbors, Petunia had a very sudden change of mind and demanded that I spend the day over at Ms. Figg's.
When I walked into her cat-filled living room, she had a guest.
"Hello Harry, I see my compulsion charm to get your Aunt to send you over worked.
I'm Remus Lupin, your new Tutor for Magic.
I was a friend of your father.
You look just like him, but you have your mother's eyes."
Looks like that's the first thing anyone who knew my parents will tell me.
"Uh, hi Mr. Lupin.
Does Dumb Eldor know?"
"His name is Dumbledore, and Arabella said she thinks it's better if he doesn't know for now.
We'll tell him later depending on how this goes.
And please, call me Remus."
"Okay.
Remus.
So you're here to teach me Magic?"
"We'll see.
You won't be going to Hogwarts for another three years and I haven't registered you as my student yet so you can't do wanded Magic, and you don't have a wand anyway.
We'll just tell you everything you need to know about the Magical world and the basics of what I could teach you now."
-HP-HP-HP- A few hours later, we had discussed most of what I already knew about wizarding society, plus a bunch of things that I didn't remember reading in the books.
We agreed that I should learn basic defensive Magic in case I get attacked.
A few days later we did a very short visit to Diagon Alley, apparating right in front of Ollivander's, getting my wand (I mentioned that I felt like Holly and Phoenix feather would be nice, which sped things up a lot) and apparating back to Ms. Figg's.
I'm pretty sure nobody recognized me with my dyed hair and the baseball cap covering my scar, and Remus later went back alone to get my books.
Over the next weeks we met at Ms. Figg's every day and I learned the basics of Magic.
Remus did some compulsion charms to convince Petunia to have Ms. Figg as my babysitter every day.
All in all the charms made the Dursley's a lot more bearable, although we couldn't overdo it or the other neighbors might have noticed something.
When Remus wasn't there, as he had a job due to me not being able to pay him from my Gringotts vault without Dumbledore noticing, I was poring over the books he brought me.
After years of being pretty good in Physics and Chemistry, the whole Theory of Magic aspect turned out to be pretty easy, especially the books written for 11 year olds which I was reading as an 8 year old 18 year old.
The first step of my plan had worked beautifully and I was doing significant progress preparing myself for my destiny as the Boy-Who-Lived, Chosen One of the Prophecy.
Not that anyone suspected that I knew about that.
-HP-HP-HP- "Remus, tell me more about you and my father."
"I think I already told you we were close friends."
"That was one of the first things you said to me!"
"Oh, yes.
We had a little group.
Me, your father, Peter Pettigrew and.. Sirius Black."
"What happened?"
"We met on the train ride to Hogwarts.
For seven years, we were the closest friends you can imagine and made the school unsafe.
Then, in the war against You-Know-Who, we fought together.
When your parents had you, they went into hiding.
Then...
I'm not sure I should tell you that."
"Tell me!
Please!"
"Sirius.
he...
I don't know why, he was always the closest to your father, but he betrayed us.
He told You-Know-Who where your parents were hiding, and after that, after your parents were dead and You-Know-Who gone and the war was basically over, he killed Peter as well.
He's in Prison now."
"Oh.." -HP-HP-HP- "Ms. Figg?
Where's Remus?"
"He's at home, ill.
He's had a rough night."
Of course, full moon.
Maybe I can use the opportunity.
"Can I write him a letter?"
"Of course, here's paper.
Just put the envelope addressed to him inside another one addressed to the wizarding post office and they'll owl it to him."
She didn't notice that the envelope inside wasn't addressed to Remus.
Dear Mr. Alastor Moody, When was visiting the Weasley family recently I noticed that the pet rat of Percy Weasley is an Animagus in disguise.
I looked it up and there's no rat Animagus registered in Britain, which means that they are indeed harboring a criminal.
I don't think anyone noticed my revealing spell so you should be able to catch them off guard.
I would have brought the rat to the Aurors immediately if I could have, but I didn't have very good Defense OWLs so I thought it would be best to leave it to the Professionals.
Good luck catching the criminal.
X -HP-HP-HP- "Harry!
You won't believe what happened!"
"Remus!
You're better!
Tell me.
what did happen?"
"They found Peter!
Peter Pettigrew!"
"But... he's dead?"
"Apparently, he faked his death.
It turns out he was the traitor all along!
Sirius was innocent the entire time!"
"No way!"
"He got released from Prison just a few hours ago, he's now at St. Mungo's recovering.
I just visited him."
"How's he?"
"Pretty awful after years in Azkaban, but better than I expected.
Do you think I should tell him that I'm teaching you?"
"Well, if he was really innocent and my father's best friend all along... sure!
I'd love to meet him!"
-HP-HP-HP- "You were right.
Moony.
He really looks looks like James, but he does have Lily's eyes."
I was right.
Looks like that's the first thing anyone who knew my parents will tell me.
"Uh... hello Sirius.
I'm glad to meet you."
"Harry!
The last time I saw you you were a baby!
You've grown a lot!"
"Uh, thanks?"
"How's life with your Aunt and Uncle?
I met Lily's sister once, and Lily often mentioned they didn't get along very well."
"To be honest, its awful.
She really doesn't like me and constantly lets me know it."
"Come on, she can't be that bad."
"Well, since Remus started using compulsion charms on her she doesn't lock me in my cupboard any more, but I still only get hand-me-downs and stuff.." "CUPBOARD?"
Looks like casually dropping that bombshell had quite the effect.
All three adults were staring at me.
Remus was the first to speak up.
"I knew she didn't like you, but you never told me anything about a cupboard."
"It's just where I sleep.
It's the locking me up part she always used to do."
Ms. Figg looked like she was about to kill someone.
"Merlin, if I'd known that, I would have been a lot more insistent to Dumbledore about getting you away from them."
"Well, it's true that I need to be safe.
I don't think that unless one of you had a house with really good Magical protection I could live anywhere else safely."
Sirius seemed to have gotten the hint.
"Well, I didn't really intend to come back there ever again.
but I think I have a place that might work..."Chapter 4: A Grim Old Place Number 12, Grimmauld Place was a grim old place.
Don't blame me for the terrible pun, blame JK Rowling.
But still, it was better than Privet Drive.
"If only my poor old mistress knew what her blood traitor son was doing, bringing halfbloods and werewolves into the house of her fathers..." Right, Kreacher.
But I'm not supposed to know about house-elves, am I?
"Wow, who is that?"
"That's Kreacher, Harry, the family house elf.
Don't listen to what he's saying, he's just parroting my mother's bigoted beliefs."
"Can I talk to him a bit?
I've never met an elf before."
"Sure, why not?"
"In private?"
"Okay.
Kreacher, could you take Harry upstairs and talk to him while I work on these muggle adoption papers?
And I order you not to insult him!"
One crack of apparition later, I and Kreacher were in an empty room upstairs.
"Okay Kreacher, I'd like you to never tell this to anyone, but: I know how to destroy Regulus's locket."
"How does young boy Harry know about the locket?
Kreacher never told anyone but... did Master Regulus survive?
Kreacher left him alone!"
"I'm so sorry to disappoint you, but I'm pretty sure Regulus didn't make it.
I know through other means, and I really can't tell you.
But I know what it is.
Did Regulus ever tell you?"
"No, Master Regulus only ordered Kreacher to destroy it.
Kreacher tried, but Kreacher couldn't.
All the Magic Kreacher tried bounced off!
Kreacher thinks the way to destroy is from the inside, but Kreacher couldn't open it!"
"I think I could open it, but there's a nasty trap on the inside, and without a way to immediately destroy it we'd just get ourselves in danger.
To destroy it we'd need something as potent as basilisk venom or fiendfyre, but we can't have anyone else know about this, alright?
I promise that as soon as I find a way I'll destroy it, but until then you need to keep it safe and you can't tell anyone!"
"Kreacher will do so, Master Regulus ordered him not to tell, and he won't tell anyone about young Harry knowing either!"
"Good, now, can I ask for a little favour?
I'd like it if you could maybe help cleaning the house a bit and making it more livable, okay?
Nobody's lived here for three years and it's a bit too grim and dark for my taste.
Oh, and be nice to my friends please.
I'll tell you if I find out more about the locket."
"Kreacher will do so.
Kreacher is so happy.
Finally, a chance for Kreacher to fulfill Master Regulus's last command!"
-HP-HP-HP- "I have no idea what you did, Harry, but I know you did something."
"What?"
"Kreacher and I have hated each other for as long as I can remember, but now he's completely different.
When I asked him to redecorate this room a bit, he didn't complain about me defacing the house of my ancestors like I expected, instead he seemed to be more than happy to do it.
He even was nice to me!
I didn't think that was possible!
What did you do?"
"I was just nice to him.
Also, I gave him the third room on the second floor."
"Why did you give him a room?"
"I was a bit uncomfortable about anyone living in a cupboard."
"Ah, right."
-HP-HP-HP- So, that's how I escaped from the Dursleys.
Grimmauld Place was getting less grim every day, Kreacher and Sirius were making an effort being nice to each other, Remus visited almost daily to continue my lessons (now also including potions), and Ms. Figg visited from time to time to discuss what to tell Dumbledore.
The Dursleys had been more than happy to sign the adoption papers and nobody in Little Whinging missed me.
The second step of my plan seemed to work out as well.
Time for step number three.
"Hey Sirius, I really like it here, it's much better than with the Dursleys, but it's a bit lonely without a friend of my age."
I'm actually much closer to his age than he thinks, but he doesn't know that of course.
"Harry, you know that I can't exactly let you go and meet kids from other wizarding families.
If Dumbledore finds out, I don't know what he'll do."
"Maybe I could get muggle friends who don't know I'm famous?
I could go to muggle school again."
"I thought you didn't like it there at all?"
"Only because Dudley convinced everyone to bully me.
I'm sure if I went to a different school it'd be okay.
I'd be safe if nobody knows who I really am and if you apparate me there not even someone who knows I live here could follow me."
"Alright.
I don't know much about muggle schools though."
"I can go to the library with Remus tomorrow and look up which schools are available around here."
-HP-HP-HP- "Are you sure you want to go to that specific school?
It's not exactly the nearest one."
"I've got a good feeling about it.
I think I'll find friends there.
"Chapter 5: Back to school So, I'm mentally 18 years old, I've been out of primary school for nearly 8 years, and now I'm back, in the body of an 8 year old.
It was all a bit awkward but I managed.
It's important to leave a good first impression after all.
"Hello everyone!
Today is a very exciting day as we have a new student!
Say hello!"
"Uh... hello?
I'm Harry Black."
"Harry here just transferred to our school.
He's skipped two grades, but as he's not the only kid to do so in this class I am sure he'll be fine.
You can find a seat and sit down now, Harry."
So I looked around the room and chose the empty place next to the only other child of my age, a girl with very bushy hair.
"Hi, I'm Harry."
"Hermione."
Bingo.
-HP-HP-HP- The schoolwork back in fourth grade was ridiculously easy.
It also seemed to be that way for Hermione, even though she skipped grades without time traveling.
So far, at least.
She's really smart for her age.
I guess the rumor of canon her being written as the self-insert of JK Rowling is at least partially true.
I probably should tell her about Magic sometime soon but I didn't get a good opportunity to do so yet.
But hey, the first day of school isn't even over yet.
"Hey, you!
You're the new one, right?"
Hermione tensed up as a rather large boy approached us while we were talking during the break.
"I am.
And who are you?"
"I'm Tyler.
And if I can offer you a bit of advice: Stay away from Hermione.
She's weird."
"In what way?"
"She's a complete know-it-all.
And there are rumors that she... isn't normal."
Sounds like there was an incident with Accidental Magic at school earlier.
"And what are you?"
"Excuse me?"
"From what I can see, she's the best performing child in our class, perhaps the entire school.
You, on the other hand, aren't.
But instead of striving to improve yourself to keep up, you take the easy way out and belittle her accomplishments.
You, dear Tyler, seem to be a bully.
And if I can offer you a bit of advice: Stay away from both of us."
"You... you're even worse than her!"
"Considering that what you seem to see as her bad trait is her intelligence, I'll take that as a compliment."
Being 18 mentally is a bit of an unfair advantage.
Tyler turned around and walked away to his group of friends, and Hermione next to me seemed completely surprised that someone was backing her up.
"Thanks, Harry."
"Does he bully you often?"
"Not really.
He mostly just avoids me."
"And makes it difficult for you to find friends?"
"Pretty much."
"I had a bully like that at my old school.
Dudley Dursley.
Made sure that nobody was my friend.
Hunted me around.
Cheated by copying me and accusing me of copying him.
Called me a Freak, because I'm obviously not normal.
And you know what the worst part was?"
"What?"
"He's my cousin.
I've been living with the Dursleys, my Aunt and Uncle, ever since my parents died, and they've only been encouraging him."
"That's awful."
"It was.
Luckily my Godfather adopted me a while ago and that's behind me now."
"Have you ever had a friend?"
I had, in my old life.
Harry Potter didn't.
And I don't know how to classify Remus and Sirius.
"Not really."
"Me neither."
"Do you want to?"
"You mean.
if I want you as a friend?"
"Yeah, that's what I meant."
"Sure!"
-HP-HP-HP- School was progressing well.
I obviously knew everything already, but made a honest effort to only be as good as Hermione, which still meant top of the class.
Outside of school my Magic classes went pretty well as well.
I only really learnt the basics of most Hogwarts classes, since I would take those later, and instead spent most of my time learning dueling (in case I was attacked) and obscure Magics such as Occlumency (can't have Dumbledore or Snape reading my mind), wandless Magic (it's apparently best taught young when you're not too used to channeling Magic through a wand) and I managed to convince Sirius to teach me the Animagus transformation too.
Eventually.
For now I was just barely able to do an Expelliarmus, I knew the theory of Occlumency but without a Legilimens I trusted I couldn't practice much, and I was able to wandlessly levitate a paper clip a centimeter above my hand.
But for an 8 year old it's something.
-HP-HP-HP- "Hey Harry, what are you reading there?"
"A book on Occlumency.
Really fascinating."
"Never heard of it.
What is it?"
"It's a meditative technique to clear your mind and arrange your memories."
"So, it's supposed to make you smarter?
Aren't you already smart enough?"
"No, it's supposed to prevent people from reading your mind."
"Really?"
"It supposedly works much better than tinfoil hats."
"Oh Harry, you've got a weird sense of humor."
-HP-HP-HP- "Oh Harry, I didn't know you had a dog!"
"It's my Godfather's.
Padfoot, that's Hermione.
Hermione, that's Padfoot."
"Hello Padfoot!"
"Woof!"
-HP-HP-HP- "Hey Hermione, what are you reading there?"
"Oh hi Harry.
It's Matilda by Roald Dahl.
It's really good," "Oh yeah, I've read that ages ago.
I really liked it.
Used to be one of my favorites."
"Really?
It just came out!"
Dang it.
Completely forgot about the time travel.
Well, it's probably best if I'm honest with her.
"Yeah, you see, I'm actually a time traveler from 2019, and I'm a bit older than I appear, so that's why I remember reading about it years ago."
"Oh Harry, just admit you didn't read it and tried to be talkative."
Okay, maybe that wasn't the best idea.
"Okay, I admit.
So, what's it about?"
"It's about this girl, Matilda, who likes to read a lot and she's good at school, but nobody believes her and the headmistress hates her, so she learns to move things with her mind and gets the headmistress to resign by making it look like there's a ghost in the school."
"She kinda sounds a lot like you, if I think about it."
"What, because I like to read?"
"No, because you can move things with your mind, of course."
She flinched a bit.
I guess she did once move something with her mind.
"Oh Harry!"
"I bet you could if you tried!"
-HP-HP-HP- Okay, I've made a huge mistake.
I completely forgot that I'm in the body of an 8 year old, and not a very strong or large 8 year old at that.
And now I've got a group of 10 year olds ganging up on me.
"What do you want, Tyler."
"I want to teach you a lesson about why you shouldn't have tried to out-freak the freak girl."
Oh great.
Now I'm the Freak again.
I could Magic my way out, but using my wand would let the Ministry know I'm here, and my wandless Magic...
I can levitate a coin now.
"Scared, Black?"
Last name basis?
Is Tyler trying to be Muggle Malfoy?
"Just annoyed."
One of the other boys took a look at the book I had been reading.
"What's that?
Matilda?
A girl's book?"
"Give it back."
"Oh, you want me to give it back?"
"It would be better for your own wellbeing if you gave it back.
I borrowed it from Hermione and she doesn't like it when her things go missing."
"So you're threatening us... with her?"
I'm threatening them with the girl that has the potential to set her teacher's robes on fire, brew illegal potions and come up with a truly nasty Magical contract, but they obviously don't know that.
"I'm informing you that it would be better for you to give it back and apologize."
I did notice that she's standing right behind them and she's looking rather angry, "Like that's going to happen, Black.
You're delusional.
Of course you are.
You are just as abnormally freaky as her."
"DON'T CALL HIM A FREAK AND GIVE THAT BACK!
"Chapter 6: A lot to explain "DON'T CALL HIM A FREAK AND GIVE THAT BACK!"
Suddenly, all three of the bullies stumbled to the ground, as if someone shoved them rather aggressively, and the book flew right into Hermione's hand.
The bullies all ran away as soon as they got back on their feet.
Hermione herself looked completely shocked and nearly burst into tears.
I have to remind myself that she's still 8 years old and has no clue what just happened.
"I did that... Now you know why they call me abnormal, now you'll call me abnormal too, and it's all my fault, all my fault.." "Hermione, calm down.
I'd never call you abnormal."
"Really?
But... you saw what I did.
That's not normal."
"I guess Matilda isn't normal either?"
"You knew.
You said I could move things with my mind.
How did you.." "The Dursleys started calling me a freak after I made one of Dudley's toys fly around."
"You can move things with your mind too?"
"And much more.
I once made the ceiling light explode when my Aunt was screaming at me."
"Why would you explode the ceiling light?"
"I didn't want to, it did just happen.
These things always happened under strong emotions."
"Yeah, for me too.
This time it was quite a bit more controlled than usual.
The other times, things did just happen.
This time, it did what I really wanted it to do."
Wow, controlling her accidental Magic at age 8?
She's even better than I thought.
I take out a coin from my pocket and, after checking that no other children are seeing it, levitate it for a few seconds.
"You're controlling it!"
"It's difficult.
Accidental Magic is always spontaneous.
Controlled Magic takes a lot of concentration."
"Magic?
Is that what it is?"
"Yes.
There's about ten thousand people capable of Magic in Britain.
We're pretty rare."
"Ten thousand?
There's thousands of people using Magic and no one knows?"
"That's because they're hiding it.
Magic can be used to hide Magic after all.
There's international laws on it.
You can tell your parents but not anyone else."
"Really?
I can't tell people?"
She seemed quite disappointed.
"I couldn't tell you either until I saw you doing it.
I was pretty sure before but all I could legally do was drop hints."
"Like Matilda.
But how did you know before?"
"I had a feeling about it.
The way everyone treated you like they treated me at my old school."
"Hm.
So if I'm one of them why didn't these Magicals tell me?"
"They would have told you in a few years.
Don't blame me, the Ministry of Magic is full of idiots who think it's best to leave children like you clueless until right before sending them to Magical school."
"Did they tell you?"
"The Dursleys left me clueless even though they knew, they didn't like Magic at all, but my Godfather's a wizard."
"A wizard?"
"He's a man who can use Magic.
Female Magic users are called witches.
I see I have a lot to explain."
-HP-HP-HP- Sirius was very surprised when I told him that I invited the Grangers over to Grimmauld Place.
While he spent the afternoon explaining the details of the Wizarding World, Hogwarts education and Wizarding politics to Hermione's parents, Remus taught Hermione a bit of Magic.
By the evening, she managed to cast Lumos with my wand and we agreed to meet more often to learn more Magic together.
Really, she insisted on visiting Grimmauld more often after she discovered the Black Family library.
I also may have caused .
..
.
to be started a few years early after Hermione ran into Kreacher.
Step three of my plan to prepare myself for Hogwarts successful.
-HP-HP-HP- Dear Mr. Alastor Moody, I have found out that Barty Crouch is keeping a Death Eater in his home under the Imperius.
Catch him like you caught Pettigrew after my previous letter.
Good luck.
X With both Wormtail and Crouch Jr. caught, that should prevent me from having to fight a Dragon in the Triwizard.
I really wasn't looking forward to that.
-HP-HP-HP- "Harry, I have to ask you something."
"Yes, Hermione?"
"I've been reading.
In Modern Magical History, it says that the Dark Lord Voldemort disappeared after he tried to kill a boy named Harry Potter.
In The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts, it says that the Boy-Who-Lived mysteriously disappeared, nobody knows where he is.
And in Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century, there's a picture of baby Harry Potter with his parents, and the man standing next to James Potter, looks a lot like your father, Sirius Black."
I probably should have told her earlier about that.
"You're Harry Potter, aren't you?
The Harry Potter?
Not Harry Black?"
"Yes.
Well, technically I'm Harry Black in the muggle world now, Sirius adopted me."
"And you never bothered to tell me that you're the boy who defeated Voldemort?"
"I never knew how to tell you without sounding arrogant.
'Hey, I'm super famous'.
Anyway, I can't even remember doing anything.
It was probably some kind of trap set by my parents."
"And the books all say that you're supposed to have a scar shaped like a lightning bolt from the reflected Killing Curse."
"I had a plastic surgeon cover that up months ago.
Otherwise every wizard I meet would recognize me and there would be no way I could visit Diagon Alley without everyone asking questions.
There might still be some followers of the Dark Lord around, so I'm also safer when I'm not attracting too much attention."
To be quite honest, I'm mostly worried about Dumbledore at the moment.
I've got no idea what he's going to do when he finds out that Hogwarts won't be my first real home as he planned.
He's probably not a manipulative mastermind, but I can't know for sure.
Death Eaters probably won't appear until in a few years.
-HP-HP-HP- The first time I and Hermione went shopping in Diagon went pretty smoothly.
I had been there before, but only by apparating to Ollivanders for my wand, so I hadn't really seen most of it.
This time I used hair dye to prevent anyone from recognizing me looking like mini-James, and in combination with using "Harold" as my name I was able to appear in public without getting mobbed by fans.
Visiting Gringotts was interesting.
Hermione's parents exchanged some pounds for galleons.
Meanwhile, I took a look at what my parents left me.
I walked in as Harold Black, owner of my wand, my clothes and not much else, and after some inheritance test rituals I walked out as Lord Harold Harry James Potter-Gryffindor-Peverell-Black, owner of thirteen vaults containing somewhat overpowered enchanted items, 1.2872E23 Galleons, significant shares in half of Diagon, 37.25% of Hogwarts, three family manors, seven vacation homes in various countries as well as 5 seats in the Wizengamot.
Oh, and the goblins removed my Horcrux and destroyed the one in the Lestrange vault.
I wish.
In reality I got one vault containing one pile of money.
It's a pretty neat pile of money, but that's it.
Not a "trust vault" with additional family vaults, no properties, no items, no investments.
It turns out that the middle of a civil war isn't the best time to do business so my parents kinda sold most of what they had to finance the Order, and everything they had except from the pile of gold in the vault was in their house in Godric's Hollow, which blew up, got declared a national monument and is now owned by the Ministry.
Sirius's finances aren't much better, to be honest.
The Blacks have been going downhill for ages and most of their fortune had been used to finance the war, this time the other side.
All that's left is Grimmauld, a slightly larger pile of money and some enchanted jewelry.
With anti-theft and self-polishing charms, not anything particularly useful.
Well, looks like Sirius will have to sue the Ministry for reparations or get a job so that we can continue with employing Remus.
After Gringotts, everything went more or less as expected.
Hermione absolutely loved the bookstore.
I found it pretty interesting, too.
Lots of information that wasn't in the HP books, so I bought a ton.
Hermione got her wand.
Dragon heartstring and vine, same as in canon if I remember correctly.
No changes there.
I also got some more potions ingredients.
You never know when you might need a bezoar or some boomslang skin.
All in all, the trip was a success.
I might leave the safety of Grimmauld more often now.
-HP-HP-HP- Progress update: I can now wandlessly levitate a book from the bookshelf into my hand.
No summoning yet, i have to manually steer it.
Hermione is very jealous that I can spend the entire day reading without getting up and is catching up quickly.
The teachers at Hogwarts will be in for a surpris.
hapter 7: The magic of the mind and time(zones) I'm hitting dead ends.
For the past few months, I've practiced magic, both with and without a wand.
In theory, wandless is superior, but incredibly difficult.
In practice, I've found that it's actually easier when you've not gotten used to use a wand for everything, but it still requires far more concentration - which is why I've only learnt levitation and nothing else - and because the magic isn't focused it takes insane amounts of magical power to do anything big, power that I simply don't have.
So while I can levitate small to mid-sized objects, It's physically impossible for me to do much more until I'm older.
Damn it.
At least I can levitate my wand from my pocket into my hand, that's pretty useful and I'm doing it so much that I've gotten really good at it.
If only me using that wand was as successful.
There's my main roadblock, you see: I've got a feeling my wand doesn't like me.
When I sneaked into Diagon Alley to buy it, it seemed to fit perfectly with my magic, but the longer I have it the more it resists me.
Ollivander said that the wand chooses the wizard, and this one seemed to have chosen Harry Potter - and now it's noticing that I'm not really him.
It's frustrating because the other wands in Ollivanders shop didn't respond to me at all, and now it's slowing everything I planned down.
I'm still way ahead canon Harry, but far from the overpowered godlike Harry that I had planned to become.
My other projects aren't much more successful either.
I talked Sirius and Remus to teach me the Animagus transformation, since every second fanfic ever has that, but my form turned out to be an octopus.
A very clever animal, but unfortunately completely useless in 99% of all situations.
Why couldn't it be a bird?
Flight would be amazing!
Or a cat?
I could've sneaked around Hogwarts with nobody noticing!
Even a beetle like Rita Skeeter would be useful.
I guess I just have bad luck.
So no, I'm not putting the extra time into learning to transform, I got better things to do.
Like hunting horcruxes.
Oh wait, I actually hit a dead end there too.
The Gaunt shack was easy to find, but it's surrounded by so much potentially deadly magic that I'm not going to get within a mile of it without Dumbledore at my side, and I have no idea how or when I'm going to tell him about it.
The only thing I'm actually making progress with at the moment is reading magical theory, especially the theory of soul magic.
The Black Family Library has quite a few books too dark even for the restricted section of the Hogwarts library, so I've been spending as much time as possible trying to understand the soul piece stuck in my forehead.
I really need to find a way to get rid of it that doesn't involve an Avada Kedavra in my face, and until then I need to block it's effect on me.
Given the need to protect my secret, I need to learn Occlumency anyways.
-HP-HP-HP- "Hey, Hermione, could you do me a favor?"
"Sure, what is it?"
"Can you keep a secret?
A really big and important one?"
"Okay?"
"I don't really know how to say this, but...
I'm not really the real Harry Potter.
I know this sound crazy, but I'm actually a teenager from the future and I somehow ended up in this body."
"That... explains a lot."
"You don't seem very surprised?"
"Well, compared to all the other things you've told and shown me, being a time traveler isn't the most crazy thing about you.
You are always acting strange and way too mature and you know everything in school."
"I actually wanted to learn to be more childish at school, but I kinda forgot about it when we started spending all our time together to learn more magic..." "How is the future?"
"Not too different...
I wasn't a wizard so I don't really know much about that apart from what I've read in books... apart from that, it was alright.
Everyone had a pocket-sized computer with instant access to more knowledge and misinformation than ever before, a billionaire reality TV star somehow became US President, oh and there was a sports car floating somewhere in space between Earth and Mars because why not."
"Seems..
crazy."
" Yeah... so, about the favor.
I need your help to learn Occlumency so that I can keep this secret."
"The memory technique?
Why would you... oh, you weren't joking about the mind reading, were you?"
"Well yeah, it's a rare skill, but there are wizards who can do it, Voldemort certainly can, so I need to learn to keep him and anyone else out, and I need your help with that."
"If there are mind-reading wizards, I definitely want to keep them out too.
What do you want my help for?"
"I learned the theory, I can give you the books I used.
But for practice I need someone to try to break into my mind."
"So you want me to do that?
I'm still completely new to magic!
Why not Remus?"
"Can you imagine his reaction if he finds out I'm not really James' son?
Or that of Sirius?
He still hasn't fully recovered from Azkaban, and I doubt he'll ever be mature."
"Fair point."
-HP-HP-HP- I'm really hoping my plan worked.
If it did, I helped hundreds of people around the world.
If not... Remus probably had a rather interesting adventure.
The fire turned green and a very happy Remus Lupin caught Sirius by surprise.
"Remus, I've never seen you so happy after a full moon since our first adventure together back in fifth year, what is it?"
"It worked!
Harry, it worked!
Oh Sirius, you won't believe it, he totally solved my furry little problem!"
Sirius seemed totally flabbergasted.
"Don't tell me he just cured lycanthropy."
"Well, it's not really a cure, but I thought of a way to block the full moon.
Remus told me that werewolves tried hiding underground before, but a few hundred meters of rock never was enough.
That got me thinking... what about an entire planet?"
"Planet?"
"The Earth," Remus explained.
"I spent the night - or day - camping in New Zealand.
The portkey was quite expensive but it was so worth it.
I skipped the entire night."
"But why would... ooh.
Time zones.
Of course.
Remus, why did we never think of this?"
"I honestly don't know.
Brilliant ideas always seem so simple afterwards.
Harry, that was one amazing idea of yours.
I've already started writing the article for Magical Discoveries Monthly, the next full moon the entire world's population of werewolves will try this - you'll have your name in the history books in no time.
The second time, that is."
It'll feel good to be famous for something I actually did.
I still can't believe nobody tried this before - but that's probably just .
.
Rowling's storytelling.
-HP-HP-HP- "Hey Hermione, how about we just go to your home and watch some TV today?"
"Sure, why not?"
This was kind of spontaneous, but I just remembered something about today's date.
"Harry, why did you turn on the news channel?"
"Just wait for it."
"Are you waiting for something special to happen?"
"Pretty much."
"Something you know from the future?"
"Yes."
"Harry, what's going to happen?"
I pointed to the TV where the news just started broadcasting live from Germany.
"That."
"What the.. MUM, DAD, THE BERLIN WALL JUST FELL!"
"It did, right on time as I remembered it.
The Soviet Union should follow in about two years."
"Just how much do you know about the future?"
"The major events.
I don't think I'll be able to predict anything post-2001 though, by then I'll probably have changed something."
I'll definitely prevent 9/11 from happening if I haven't already changed something else by then, after all.
-HP-HP-HP- "Alright, let's do this.
Legilimency test number one.
No Occlumency on my side, you just try to find out what I'm thinking."
"Harry, are you sure you want me to do this?"
"I am.
Ready?"
"Ready.
Legilimens."
I wasn't using any Occlumency at all, but I could still feel the rather clumsy legilimency spell in my mind.
It was a decent first attempt though.
I focused on the memory I wanted her to see as good as I could recall it.
"Finite.
Are you alright?"
"Yeah.
How much did you see?"
"A bit.
Who was that and why was he never going to give me up or let me down?
And stop laughing like a maniac!
"Chapter 8: To Hogwarts!
"Are you nervous?"
"A bit.
I mean, we've been preparing for this for almost two years, but still...
I spent all the time hiding from the wizarding world and now I'll be around tons of people who will be interested in me because of what happened ten years ago.
I don't really know how I should handle it."
"I'm sure it'll be alright.
It's not like you never left Grimmauld."
"Yeah, but at the muggle school nobody knew who I was, except for you.
We were just the two nerdy kids."
"We also went to Diagon Alley dozens of times.
It won't be much different at Hogwarts."
"I'm not going to use a disguise at Hogwarts.
It's different."
"Alright, it's a bit different.
But I'm sure that after the first week or so everyone will find out that you're just another student."
"Hermione, you're literally the only person apart from me who knows that I am not another normal student."
"Calm down, it'll be fine."
I sure hope so.
I spent most of my time at the muggle school trying to learn to behave like a young kid again, but I'm really not sure how the other students are going to react.
Although my main concern is that I'll be in the same castle as Voldemort - and I still have no idea how I'm going to tell Dumbledore.
"Excuse me, have you seen my toad?"
Oh, Neville Longbottom is making his first appearance.
"We haven't seen a toad, but we can help finding it.
What's its name?"
"Uh, he's called Trevor."
"Point me Trevor.
Looks like he's in the front of the train."
"How do you know the Point Me Spell?
Isn't that a third year one?"
"We studied ahead a bit."
"Okay, thanks for the help.
I'm Neville Longbottom, by the way.
I totally forgot to introduce myself."
"Hermione Granger" "Harry Potter" "The Harry Potter?"
"Yes.
Before this turns awkward, could we go and find Trevor?"
-HP-HP-HP- "So, which house do you think you'll get sorted into?"
"We had a private tutor and studied ahead for almost two years.
There's absolutely no chance we won't end up in Ravenclaw."
"I originally thought Gryffindor was the best," Hermione interjected.
"Because Dumbledore was a Gryffindor.
But then I heard that Ravenclaw has its own small library, and we'd both prefer to avoid that stupid Gryffindor/Slytherin rivalry.
What about you?"
"My parents were Gryffindors, so my grandmother wants me there, but I don't know if I'm good enough.
I'm probably going to end up in Hufflepuff."
"Don't worry.
It'll be alright.
Even if you become a Hufflepuff, I've heard it's the best house for Herbology."
"How did you know I always liked plants?"
"Just a guess.
And if you really want Gryffindor, just ask for it.
The sorting process takes wishes into account."
-HP-HP-HP- "Is it true?
They're saying all down the train that Harry Potter's in this compartment.
So it's you, is it?"
Oh great.
Malfoy's appearance.
"Yes."
Hermione must have noticed my reaction to Malfoy, because she blinked three times.
I took the signal and cast a quick Legilimens at her.
In front of her Occlumency barrier was her question: "Do you know them?
Any information from the future?"
I pushed my answer in front of my own Occlumency barrier as I felt her legilimency.
"Yes.
Malfoy, Crabbe, Goyle.
Their fathers were Death Eaters who claimed Imperius.
They mostly got away with it because Malfoy's father is rich and bribed half the Ministry.
All three will definitely be in Slytherin and would support Voldemort if I don't stop his return."
Meanwhile, Draco Malfoy continued his speech almost copied from Philosopher's Stone.
"You'll soon find out some wizarding families are much better than others, Potter.
You don't want to go making friends with the wrong sort.
I can help you there."
"You mean the sort that turned the house of the cunning into the house of the muggle-haters?"
"Excuse me?"
"Pureblood traditionally Slytherin families like yours that supported Voldemort and bribed their way out?"
"What?
My father was under the Imperius!
He will hear about this!"
"I'm sure he will.
Tell him that if he ever needs his master vanquished again, he can just send me an owl."
"You'll regret that, Potter!"
Well, the sooner Lucius Malfoy plants the diary the sooner I can get that behind me, so I don't think antagonizing the Malfoys is going to be something I will regret.
Unless I end up in his house.
"That was awesome," Neville exclaimed after Malfoy and his goons left.
"Grandma always complains about how Malfoy bribes everyone in the Wizengamot, she'll love hearing how you called him out like that!"
-HP-HP-HP- The rest of the train ride was relatively uneventful.
I didn't meet Ron or any of the other Weasleys, but Neville turned out to be very friendly after he got over his constant fear of failure.
"Yeh'll get yer firs' sigh o' Hogwarts in a sec", Hagrid called over his shoulder exactly like in Philosopher's Stone, "jus' round this bend here."
Woah.
It's at least twice as impressive than the Warner Brothers movie version.
-HP-HP-HP- The Great Hall was truly awe-inspiring when I entered it the first time.
The moment was only ruined by me noticing Quirrel.
The bad guy.
Sitting right there.
But I couldn't do anything yet, so I had to pretend not to notice anything.
"Granger, Hermione" "RAVENCLAW!"
Oh look, a canon divergence.
Guess that happens when studying ahead for years.
The other students got sorted, I didn't really pay attention to most of them.
Neville ended up in Gryffindor after spending almost a minute under the hat.
"Potter, Harry" Oh great, everyone stared at me.
I seriously hope that they'll calm down after a while, because I can't stand attention like that.
Oh well, time to talk with the hat.
I was interested in what it had to say about me.
"Oh my.
You're from the future?
And not even this universe, but a universe where I am a piece of fiction?
I must say, your mind is the most interesting I've seen in quite some time!"
"Feel free to examine it, I know you can't reveal any secrets anyway.
Just put me in Ravenclaw in the end, ok?"
"Why Ravenclaw?
You're studious and eager to learn, sure, but according to your own knowledge aren't you supposed to be in Gryffindor?
And how you dealt with Pettigrew... quite Slytherin!
And I see quite some ambition!"
"First, you already put Hermione in Ravenclaw and not in Gryffindor, so you already messed up the timeline, might as well put us in the same house like you're supposed to.
Second, I'm just not the run-into-danger Gryffindor type like canon Harry.
Third, Slytherin would be a very bad choice since half the house has some family in prison because of me vanquishing their lord.
Fourth, I don't want to be involved in the Gryffindor/Slytherin rivalry, that's just a waste of time.
Fifth, I certainly do have ambitions but one of these ambitions is to recover the lost diadem of Ravenclaw, and I need to see the statue in the Ravenclaw common room to find out how it looks like.
Sixth, I studied ahead for years, and studying ahead is what Ravenclaws are known for the most.
Seventh, I just gave you a prepared list of reasons why I should be in Ravenclaw.
A Gryffindor would've put you on without a plan and a Slytherin would've tried to trick you."
"Alright, alright, I get it...
RAVENCLAW!"
As I made my way to the cheering Ravenclaw table, Hermione blinked at me again.
"Why did he take so long?
He put me into Ravenclaw pretty much immediately."
"He tried to put me into Slytherin, so I had to talk him out of that.
Me in Slytherin, could you believe it?"
"Just after you antagonized Malfoy?
I can see how that would cause trouble.
Good to see you convinced him otherwise."
Oh my, I love the ability to hold conversations with eye-contact.
Took us forever to figure that out, but it was so worth it, even if Hermione will probably refuse to use it to cheat in exams.
"Hey!
I heard that!"
Well, that's one issue of constantly using mental connection.
uthor's notes: Hiatus over, here's chapter 9, Dumbledore's introduction.
I changed a few details in earlier chapters, there's a few additional scenes in chapters 6 and 7 including Diagon Alley shopping, and I removed that scene with the Cup Horcrux as it was too easy and I have a more enjoyable to read scene planned out for later on.
Chapter 9: Am I in trouble?
We had just been welcomed to Ravenclaw Tower and I had barely started unpacking when Flitwick told me that the Headmaster wanted to see me in his office.
To be honest, I have to idea how to handle the situation.
I don't think that he's a manipulative evil mastermind, but I can't be sure and he did leave me with the Dursleys and never checked on me.
Either way he's far from the perfect person the wizarding public believes him to be, if a group of schoolkids have to save the day not just once, but seven years in a row, the adults in charge aren't as responsible as they should be.
Well, here goes nothing.
"Hello, Harry."
Dumbledore seemed nervous and a bit sad, almost resigned.
"Am I in trouble?"
"No.
I think I should probably offer an apology.
I should have made sure that you had been alright at the Dursleys.
I knew that it wouldn't be perfect, but had I known just how bad it was I'd have done something.
When I found out, it was too late and you were unreachable."
"How did you find out?
Just out of curiosity."
"About a week after you left Privet Drive forever, I noticed that Arabella's latest letter seemed... off.
When I visited her, she was furious at me.
I was shocked to find out just how bad the situation had been and I am truly sorry for that.
When I asked where you had gone, all she said was that you were in a safe place with loving family.
I contemplated tracking you but decided against it.
I didn't hear from you again until you showed up here today, with one exception."
He pulled out a copy of Magical Discoveries Monthly from about one and a half years back.
The one with the article about the Potter-Lupin method.
"I have to say, was quite positively surprised.
A very counterintuitive method, but successful where many others have failed.
Congratulations."
"Oh, I completely forgot about that… Remus wrote the article.
I just had the idea."
"I take it that Remus Lupin and Sirius Black were who you lived with the past two years?"
"Yes, I had originally gotten Ms. Figg to hire Remus as a tutor so I could learn some magic in advance.
When Sirius got out of prison he adopted me and we went to live at 12 Grimmauld Place.
That place has quite the security.
Technically I'm Harry Black in the muggle world, but that's just to make it more difficult for anyone to track down the Boy-Who-Lived through muggle paperwork."
Dumbledore looked surprised.
"That's quite paranoid, isn't it?"
"Well, since I didn't have those mysterious protections you put on Privet Drive any more, I kinda took every other precaution possible.
The scar on my forehead used to be lightning bolt shaped until we went to a muggle plastic surgeon.
I dyed my hair when I went to Diagon Alley.
I went to a random muggle school far from home under the Black name.
That's where I met Hermione, by the way, I saw her blast some bullies with accidental magic and told her that she's a witch.
Remus taught both of us how to defend ourselves.
I can cast Protego, Expelliarmus and Stupefy quite well, which is more than what I'd have learnt at the Dursleys."
"Impressive.
I have a friend who'd approve.
He's the one who found Pettigrew and caused Sirius to be released, by the way.
What a tragedy that situation was."
"Well, I guess things weren't ideal, but they'll work out from now.
Apology accepted.
I guess I should return to Ravenclaw now and finish unpacking.
Goodbye, Professor.
Oh, and before I forget: Sirius mentioned my father had a cloak that he lent you?"
That went a lot better than expected, I thought as I headed back invisibly.
-HP-HP-HP- "We have to say we were quite surprised to receive a note from Harry Potter requesting our help.
So, here we are, what is it?
", asked one of the Weasley twins.
"Well, you see, I live with my godfather, and he and my father were part of a little group that got a reputation as pranksters, they were always up to no good.
So now I'm expected to live up to that, but I don't really know how to manage mischief that well.
I heard you two were the current experts in that field."
"You want us to help you do pranks?"
"Pretty much."
"What do you have in mind?"
"Something big and impressive, but harmless and not traceable back to me.
Ideally targeting the entire school equally, I don't want to get caught up in the Gryffindor Slytherin feud."
-HP-HP-HP- "I can't believe it!
Half the class didn't even stay awake!
And not just the Hufflepuffs, but Ravenclaws too!"
We just had History, and Hermione is furious.
To be honest, I agree.
Binns is a terrible teacher.
I'll have to think of something."
-HP-HP-HP- "..that is, if you're not the kind of dunderheads I usually have to teach."
"That sounds rehearsed", whispered Terry Boot next to me in potions class.
"It is.
He used the same speech in the Gryffindor and Slytherin class."
Dangit, hopefully he won't realize that that class won't happen until tomorrow.
Well, it was probably the same speech last year.
"Potter!
What's the result of combining powdered root of asphodel with an infusion of wormwood?"
Hey, that's even the same first question.
I guess there's a reason for it.
That language of flowers theory could be it.
"Both are required for Draught of the Living Death, but it has to be in the correct ratio of thirteen to seven, at exactly the right temperature while stirring counterclockwise, otherwise you'd get a Draught of Very Real and Very Painful Death.
The plants asphodel and wormwood also symbolize death, mourning and regret."
"Correct.
What's the difference between monkshood and wolfsbane?"
"Both names refer to the same genus of plants, Aconite.
Monkshood is also a garment and Wolfsbane is also the name of a potion, although an obsolete one."
Snape looked a bit surprised, then he probably realized that I had made it obsolete and continued.
"Of course, you'd know all about that.
Well, where would you look if you had to get me a Bezoar?"
I pulled one out of my pocket.
Snape stared at it and answered.
"Ten points to Ravenclaw."
That went well.
Throughout the rest of the lesson, Hermione earned another five.
Wouldn't have happened in Gryffindor.
Me not being a dunderhead in the first class helped, too.
All in all, Hogwarts is proving to be a rather enjoyable experience.
Except for Defense class...Chapter 10: Celestial misdesignations Seventh floor, where exactly was it again, painting of some crazy guy, something with trolls?
I should've written it down right after I ended up in this world… Ah, this might be it.
A tapestry of Barnabas the Barmy teaching trolls to dance.
Interesting, it looks like he's getting half decent results, trolls appear to be more intelligent than most people think.
But that's not why I'm here.
I need the Ravenclaw Diadem.
I need the Ravenclaw Diadem.
I need the Ravenclaw Diadem.
Nothing.
Damn.
I need the room with all the hidden things.
I need the room with all the hidden things.
I need the room with all the hidden things.
Wow!
That door wasn't there a moment ago!
Let's see… ...now that's a lot of junk.
This is going to take forever, and it's quite likely that a few of these things are cursed….
Wait a moment, do I have a house elf who spent half his life in a house full of cursed artefacts or not?
"Kreacher!"
Crack!
"Young Master Harry?
You have called Kreacher?"
"First, it's just Harry, I don't know how often I told you that.
Well, I did promise that we were going to do something about Regulus's locket.
I think I did mention that there are other objects like it we need to find as well.
I'm pretty sure that there's one in this room.
Could you help find it?
Also, could you warn me if you notice any cursed objects?"
With Kreacher's help, it didn't take too long until I found the second -well, technically third- Horcrux.
I still don't trust myself to attempt the Gaunt Shack since I have zero canon knowledge of what protections to expect, and no idea how to get the ones entrusted to Death Eaters.
But, it's progress.
If I get lucky I might figure out a way to defeat Voldemort without needing to destroy the Horcruxes, but I'm still going to collect them when given the opportunity.
"Hey Kreacher, I did notice that you can apparate here.
Human wizards can't, this room is in Hogwarts, largest permanent anti apparition jinx in the country.
Do you know if you can side along me?"
"No, Young Master Just Harry.
Elves can apparate here, but if one tried to bring along a human they'd get splinched quite badly."
Too bad.
Apparating in Hogwarts would've been just too good.
I guess that's something only Phoenix owners can do.
But still, I got a Horcrux and figured out how to use the Room.
It's something!
-HP-HP-HP- "NO, NO, NO!
There is NO WAY that there are nine planets!
If you count Pluto, then you also have to count at least a dozen other dwarf planets in the main asteroid and the Kuiper belt!
I won't accept this!"
"Mister Potter!
Please calm down!"
So, astronomy lessons aren't going quite as well as I'd have liked.
At least the Hubble finally launched with one year delay after that huge scandal when a newspaper got an anonymous insider letter about the botched job on the primary mirror… -HP-HP-HP- Act normal.
Act normal.
Occlumency.
Focus.
Act normal.
Act normal.
Ignore the high certainty that an immortal Dark Lord is in the same room as you.
Act normal.
Act normal.
Express mild annoyance at the stuttering teacher.
Act normal.
Act nor- "Psst, Harry, are you okay?"
"Yeah, Hermione, why are you asking?
Everything is fine, don't worry."
Act normal.
Act normal.
Ignore the teacher being secretly evil.
Act- "No way!
Quirrel is Voldemort?"
"ACT NORMAL!"
I really hope I'll get better at ignoring Britain's worst mass murderer being in the same room as I am.
This is pure mental torture.
-HP-HP-HP- "Neville!
Nice to see you!"
"Hi, Harry, Hermione."
"How are things going?"
"Great, really.
I thought a lot about what you mentioned in the train, about me being my own person and not a copy of my parents, and how I should live my own life.
The Hat agreed, you know, and told me that I'd have it much easier in Hufflepuff, but it also told me that Gryffindor might be harder but it'd help me find the courage to find my own destiny, whatever it meant with that.
Well, I said that I'd be willing to do that, and here I am - Gryffindor."
"Great for you!
Ravenclaw is pretty awesome too.
The library even has a small section on muggle sciences!"
Of course that's the first thing Hermione mentions.
I was pretty positively surprised too, some of the upper years know quite a bit about electromagnetism and magical interference.
Fascinating topic, although sadly calculus isn't on the Hogwarts curriculum and without that it's quite difficult to make sense of it.
I might spend some time researching the subject, given that I learnt a lot of it in class years ago.. "Harry, could you please answer my question?"
Damn, I should've listened instead of zoning out and thinking about physics….Chapter 11: School Improvement So, let's check the TO-DO list: Do something about Quirrel, convince the Weasley Twins to give me the map, destroy Voldemort, find the remaining Horcruxes, maybe collect the Hallows, explain to Hermione why I thought she'd be more easily capable of acting normal in Defense class if I didn't tell her about Quirrel, apologize and promise that I won't keep her out of the loop any more, break that promise by not telling her about Horcruxes because that's not something an 11 year old should have to deal with, realize that I'm an awful human being, get back on track, finish my Potions essay, do something to improve the quality of History class… That might be something I could do.
Okay, goal: Replace Binns with a decent teacher.
Available resources: Public support, everyone in Ravenclaw wants to get rid of Binns, my fame as Boy-Who-Lived, a somewhat wealthy adoptive father with a cleared criminal record, an invisibility cloak - no, The Cloak Of Invisibility -, a decent repertoire of spells mostly first year with a few advanced ones thrown in, basic physics and chemistry knowledge and a little talent for wandless levitation.
Most of that probably won't help much.
I could sneak up on Binns and try to attack him, but I don't actually know if it's even possible to attack a ghost.
Let's try the official route, convince Dumbledore to replace him with a decent teacher.
Many other students have already tried that, so I need something that nobody else has… I got an idea.
-HP-HP-HP- Dinner in the Great Hall.
Pretty much everyone is present.
Perfect opportunity.
Here goes nothing.
I stood up and walked over to the teacher's table.
"Excuse me, Professor McGonagall, Professor Dumbledore.
I have a small question about the school.
How do I transfer to Ilvermorny?"
The look on Dumbledore's face… golden.
"Why would you want to do that?"
"Well, I considered Beauxbatons but my French is awful, and while I do happen to know German I heavily dislike Durmstrang's policies.
As for Hogwarts, well, I'd love to stay but frankly, the quality of education here is miserable."
McGonagall seemed quite shocked.
"What do you mean, miserable?"
"Well, for once, the percentage of students for whom History class is more naptime than learning time is way too high.
Binns is just plain boring.
While it's decent for Ravenclaws, Potions class is absolutely awful for Gryffindors, and I do have some friends in that house.
Astronomy class doesn't teach the right planets.
You can't understand anything in Defence class because Professor Quirrel stutters so much, and from what I heard the previous Defense professors were even worse.
The caretaker makes it no secret that he doesn't like being around children.
From what I hear from the upper year students, it's not much better there.
The Divination professor has a track record of just one true prophecy, thank you very much for that.
Muggle studies is at least four decades out of date, there is no equivalent to teach students who grew up muggle about the magical world.
Let's face it, the teachers are completely overworked with only one teacher per subject teaching the entire school, student complaints are completely ignored, there's rarely anyone in the common rooms to supervise and the brooms used for flying lessons are in such a bad condition it's a small miracle there hasn't been a serious accident yet.
Did I forget anything?
Oh yeah, the corridor of very painful death.
Very appropriate for a school to have something like that."
-HP-HP-HP- Well, you can imagine the result.
Pretty much everyone stared at me in disbelief.
Snape, Quirrel and Sinistra looked pretty angry.
Dumbledore asked me to discuss it further in private, and here we were, in his office.
"Harry, what was that supposed to be?"
"Well, sir, it is as I said, there are some serious deficiencies here.
I'd like a decent education, so I want to transfer."
"I'm sorry Harry, I'm afraid I can't let you do that.
You're too important and you'd be in too much danger elsewhere.
There are some very important things about you that I can't tell you yet.
You'll understand later, I promise."
"Well, as far as I know I'm the Boy-Who-Lived, pretty important figure in Britain… I'd very much prefer to stay here, but if there's no improvement I'd be forced to leave, and since I announced it in the Great Hall it wouldn't take long until the people found out why, the Daily Prophet would have a field day, Rita Skeeter would write some inflammatory articles, the public outrage would be pretty high and you might get replaced as Headmaster with someone who isn't juggling two other full time jobs.
Is that the important thing I'd understand later?"
Dumbledore looked shocked.
"Harry, are you trying to blackmail me into improving Hogwarts?"
"Honestly, all I'm trying to do is to get Binns replaced.
I tried a normal complaint, it didn't go anywhere just like the ones filed by other students, so I'm trying something nobody else has done before.
It's nothing personal, I did forgive you for the Dursleys."
Dumbledore sighed.
"Well, Harry, I'll see what I can do.
I tried replacing Binns in the past, but I couldn't find anyone suitable.
But it is imperative that you stay at Hogwarts, not because of the public relations issue, but because the fate of the world might depend on it.
You see, there's something I did not wish to burden you with until you were older.
I did not place you with the Dursleys because your safety might be endangered by rogue Death Eaters.
No, I have reason to believe that Voldemort himself might still be alive.
And because of that you have to stay at the safest school."
"Now that's fascinating, the last time we talked about my safety you mentioned that my precautions seemed paranoid.
Well, there's a very solid reason for the paranoia.
It's got to do something with how my parents defied Voldemort at least three times, and with my birthday.
Don't look surprised, you told my parents about the prophecy, they told Sirius because of course they did, and he told me."
Actually, I knew beforehand and made a really good guess to prompt him to tell me what he knew.
"You see, Professor, I've known for years that one day I'd have to face Voldemort, and since I really want to survive that day, my entire strategy so far has been to prepare myself as best as I can, to learn anything that might be useful.
For example, Wingardium Leviosa!"
A book on his desk started floating.
"You're casting levitation without your wand?"
I nodded.
"Took forever to learn, but it's pretty useful.
One of many small powers I learned that Voldemort wouldn't expect.
I spent the past two years learning like crazy.
It's a start, but if I really want to have a chance against the most powerful dark wizard of the century I need far more than making a book fly.
That's why I'm rather frustrated by the teaching quality here."
"Harry, what do you expect me to do?
I know that the state of Defence class leaves much to be desired, but there just aren't any decent teachers any more.
Believe it or not, I am doing my best."
"Well, I don't expect you to turn Hogwarts into a school for teaching eleven year olds how to defeat dark wizards.
But I do have a few suggestions.
From what I've seen the teachers seem to have a massive workload teaching four houses of seven years, with only one teacher for each subject.
If I was in charge, I'd hire teaching assistants for all the core subjects.
In Defence, the assistant could be the real specialist so that if the actual teacher changes each year, the education still stays consistent.
In History, it'd be great to keep Binns for his unmatched expertise and still get someone who can make class interesting.
In Potions, the assistant could teach the basics to the first few years so that Professor Snape can teach the advanced classes.
From what I can tell he's hopelessly overqualified to teach first years how to stir a cauldron properly, he's not enjoying it and the result is that nobody likes his class.
I know it seems like a bit much, asking you to expand the staff, but I really think it'd help massively to improve the learning experience for everyone, Professor Dumbledore.
Consider it."
"Harry, that's a good idea, but it's not that simple.
The school does have a limited budget, and your suggestion would have to get approved by the board of governors."
"Well, if you need help convincing them you can tell them that they really don't want to become famous for being the reason Britain is without it's national hero, as additional motivation."
-HP-HP-HP- About an hour of discussing the details of how to run a school and potential improvements later, I returned to Ravenclaw Tower.
I went to a side corner of the common room, where a group of students eagerly awaited my return.
"What happened?
", Anthony Goldstein inquired.
I sat down.
"Mission Accomplished."
"Yesss!"
"How did it go?
", asked Lisa Turpin, who had done the math on how many hours each Professor had to work.
Definitely too many, even if they had access to pocket time machines.
"He agreed to hire full time assistants for Potions, Defence, History, Charms, Transfiguration and Herbology, part time for the electives.
I didn't get the new brooms, sorry Cho."
"Did you use my idea?
", asked Terry Boot, who'd come up with the blackmailing thing.
Muggleborn and more ruthless and cunning than anyone in Slytherin.
I nodded.
"I'm still saying that was way too risky, Harry.
You could've been expelled!"
"Calm down, Hermione.
There was no way they'd expel the Boy-Who-Lived.
Way too famous."
William Jackson from second year had grown up with Harry Potter storybooks and was a bit of a fan, but not too annoying.
He was right though, there was no way Dumbledore would've expelled me, although less because of my celebrity status and more because of the whole having to fight Voldemort thing.
Not that he knew about that.
Word spread around the common room and soon a small party had was starting amongst the Ravenclaws.
"We are getting a decent education We are getting a decent education We are getting a decent education Nooow, good teachers!"
I honestly can't remember which year the Macarena is from, I hope it's already released or it won't happen for a few years, otherwise people might wonder from where I got the catchy melod.
hapter 12: And… Action!
"Hey, Potter, what are you doing here?
Ravenclaw won't have flying lessons until tomorrow!"
True, Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff flying lessons are tomorrow, but today the Gryffindors and Slytherins are having the first lesson of the year.
Since there's a decent possibility of either Neville getting hurt by being Neville or someone with bad luck getting hurt by using a damaged broom - not sure which of the two options caused the incident in canon - I'm going to watch with a Wingardium ready in case something like that happens.
"I'm just going to watch, Malfoy.
I want to see if your flying skills match your tales of narrowly escaping helicopters."
-HP-HP-HP- Sure enough, flying lessons started, Malfoy got told that he'd been doing it wrong all along, and this time it was Goyle who got the damaged broom and went off like an unguided rocket.
Well, not quite like a rocket, that would have a completely different acceleration, brooms seem to max out at a certain velocity based on quality, why am I thinking about broom physics instead of doing something?
"WINGARDIUM LEVIOSA!"
Luckily Wingardium isn't a spell that has to be aimed precisely at its target, it's enough to aim roughly in the right direction and specify the target and its desired motion in your mind.
"And that's why I asked Professor Dumbledore to consider upgrading the school brooms, but no, not enough budget,'' I complained as I carefully lowered Goyle to the ground while his broom continued flying in wild spirals.
Madam Hooch examined him.
"He's a bit shocked but no serious injuries.
Good catch, Mr. Potter, ten points to Ravenclaw.
That could've ended a lot worse."
If Flitwick had seen that charm it'd have probably a lot more than ten points… Meanwhile, Madam Hooch went chasing after the broom and Malfoy seemed like he didn't know what to think about me saving his minion.
"You know, Potter, you're right.
It's a travesty how the school gets mismanaged so much that it can't afford decent brooms.
I'll write to my father, he'll do something about it."
A variation of "my father will hear about this", but for once not directed at me.
Neat.
"Isn't he, like, really rich?
He could probably donate a set of modern Nimbuses for the entire school, you know, to make sure people know he's a respectable member of society."
One Death Eater with less money and better brooms for the school seem like a decent deal to me.
It's not like anyone who knows that Malfoy just bought his way out after the last war would be swayed by Malfoy buying publicity again.
Unfortunately, Draco didn't react well to me mentioning his father.
"What's this about, Potter?
Last week you said he was a Death Eater, now you suddenly want money from him?
Right after that big theatre yesterday where you supposedly told Albus Dumbledore how to run the school?
Let me guess, you two planned the entire thing so that the Boy-Who-Lived could be the saviour of Hogwarts, because saving the world obviously wasn't good enough.
Did you also do this?
Sabotage my friend's broom so that you, you Hero could save him?"
Oh my god, he's more paranoid than the average Indy!Harry, seeing manipulative!Dumbledore everywhere.
"Draco, I knew that the brooms were in bad condition and when Goyle's broom malfunctioned, I reacted.
That's all."
"Oh, like a first year could cast a levitation charm like that!
You had your wand out before and just pretended to cast while Dumbledore or someone else caught Goyle!
You think you're some kind of noble hero, but you're not, and I'll prove it.
Wizard's duel, Potter.
At midnight, in the trophy room."
Choo choo, the canon train will arrive at midnight duel station in five minutes.
Doors will open on the left, please mind the gap.
Seriously, who is running this universe?
-HP-HP-HP- Author's Note: I am.
And I had a nice idea for the duel before deciding to not do the remembrall chase, because you aren't in the same class as Malfoy and Neville.
Now shut up and let me continue with the story!
-HP-HP-HP- Terry responded to my summary of events by quoting Star Wars.
"It's a trap."
"Of course it is.
The trophy room is on the other side of the castle.
If I'm there at midnight, chances are high I'd get caught for being out late, especially if he's going to tip off Filch.
The question is, what are we going to do?"
"I'd say we go with the established theme", answered Lisa with a smile.
"Improving education."
-HP-HP-HP- Professor Flitwick was quite pleasantly surprised to see me, Hermione, Terry, Lisa, Anthony, William and Cho in his office.
"Welcome, welcome.
Rolanda told me about what happened at flying class today, Mr. Potter.
Very impressive use of the levitation charm."
"Thanks, but that's not why we're here, Professor.
We actually wanted to ask you about establishing a school club.
Now, while technically it's Professor Quirrel's subject, you're our Head of House, you're more likely to still be employed next year, and you're probably more knowledgeable about the subject."
-HP-HP-HP- Dinner in the Great Hall, Déjà Vu.
Well, it's something that's going to happen practically every day from now on, but this is the second day in a row that something important is happening here.
Professor Flitwick stood up.
"Today, a few students approached me with a wonderful idea they had.
Many in this school probably know that before I became a teacher here at Hogwarts, I spent some time doing competitive dueling.
And from today on, I will do my best to educate a future generation in that noble sport.
I am pleased to announce the Hogwarts Dueling Club."
The look on Malfoy's face when he realized… glorious.
"The club will meet every Saturday afternoon, but we'll start today after dinner.
Two of the students who have expressed interest in the club have agreed to perform a small demonstration."
-HP-HP-HP- After dinner finished, Dumbledore waved his wand, levitated the tables into the center of the Great Hall and transfigured them into a stage.
With another wave, a shimmering barrier appeared surrounding it, probably some sort of shield to stop any spells from hitting the audience.
I and Malfoy walked towards the stage, him visibly angry but trying not to show that this wasn't what he'd planned.
His expression slowly turned into a cruel smile.
"I'll get you for this, Potter,'' he whispered.
"You wanted a duel, you got it."
Meanwhile Flitwick explained the rules.
"Very well!
We will be using the beginner tournament rules.
No dangerous spells.
I will count to three, then the opponents shall cast.
Is everything clear?
Good, then, one, two," "Petrificus.." "Three!"
"..Totalus!"
"Protego!"
Malfoy's curse splashed harmlessly against my protective shield.
I kept my eyes on him and adressed the audience.
"As you can see, Draco opened with a Body Bind, circle and root, intent to harm and immobilize.
Since it's a simple category B curse I parried with a basic Shield Charm, circle and swish, intent to protect.
Now I shall demonstrate a counterattack, diagonal swish and spiral, intent to affect negatively but not to harm, Expelliarmus!"
I didn't expect Malfoy to know an effective counter to the disarmer, so I wasn't surprised when his wand flew into the audience.
Over at the teacher's table, I noticed Quirrel glaring at me.
Well, let's have him think that I just performed my signature move.
"Excellent!
What an excellent demonstration!
", Flitwick seemed overjoyed.
"Twenty points to Ravenclaw, and twenty to Slytherin for explaining the concepts of dueling!
If you are interested in the Dueling Club, the first official meeting is this Saturday, 3pm, here in the Great Hall."
And that's how I started a school club just to get back at Malfoy.
Well, not really, it was mostly to make sure everyone learns how to fight even if the annual Defence Professor is incompetent, just in case I fail at stopping Voldemort.
I really hope it won't come to that, so let's pretend I did it to embarrass Malfoy in front of the entire school for no.
hapter 13: Grouping with Gryffindors Have you ever wondered what would happen if you asked the Room of Requirement for a hallway containing two Rooms of Requirement?
Well, I can safely say that whoever designed it -probably Rowena Ravenclaw- knew what she was doing, because the Room handled the recursive requirement perfectly flawlessly.
Of course that's not the only thing I tried.
The Room is so awesome and useful I spent half the weekend in here, just trying out different things.
As far as I can tell it's using a very simple form of legilimency on the user to determine what it's supposed to turn into, because when I ask it for something that nobody else has probably asked it before, then it only works if I push the entire mental image, and not just the request sentence, it front of my occlumency.
After a few hours I figured out how to request more complicated rooms and spent quite some time preparing this specific configuration.
"Fred, are you sure we should just go somewhere because a note told us to?"
Speaking of which, the guests I prepared it for just arrived.
They haven't noticed me yet, although that's to be expected since I'm using the world's only perfect invisibility cloak.
"I'm not sure, a secret meeting in an unused classroom on the top floor seems pretty sketchy, but something tells me this isn't some Slytherin trick."
"It's just, I could've sworn there wasn't a room here last year.
But we didn't really come up here that often so I could be wrong."
"Well, something is definitely going on.
This isn't a classroom, it's a bloody hallway!"
Technically it is a room, but one I asked to shape itself into a small maze.
The twins strolled to the end of the first corridor where I'd tested the Room's capability for shaping itself by asking it to engrave a message.
"George, look, it's a poem.
Enter, Prankster, but take care Of dangers of your gag warfare For the line of joke and harm Is thin and may cause loss of arm Making mischief is not hard But doing it right is an art To make it not end in arrest, Go ahead and take the test!"
"Since when does Hogwarts have a poem about proper pranking procedure?"
"No idea, brother, but it seems like it's a test for us."
George pulled out a sheet of parchment, whispered something, and scowled.
"This room.
Whatever it is, it's not on the map."
"Now this is interesting.
Come on, let's see what's this all about."
George seemed a bit suspicious, but Fred was eager to explore and pulled him along into the second chamber.
"Woah."
Yeah, woah.
I spent at least half an hour figuring out how to make the room expand to three stories tall, then place the entrance at the top and fill the bottom with water.
After that placing a set of ropes to the exit on the other side was pretty easy.
"The sign here says it's the test of courage.
Apparently we got to climb to the other side."
Well, while impressive looking and time consuming to set up, it wasn't that difficult of a challenge.
The two climbed across and I asked the room to open the side tunnel for me so that I could wait in the third chamber, after the maze part.
"Come on George, this is awesome, let's see what's in the next room!"
"A table with ink and parchment?
It looks like a written exam, Fred."
"It says test of intelligence.
Let's see.
Let i be an imaginary number with the property of i*i = -1.
Multiply 1+3*i and 2-6*i.
Do you have any idea what that means?"
Well, after a while they figured out that the answer was 20, and I asked the room to open the next chamber, containing another table, two boxes and a small pile of postcards.
Fred examined the boxes.
"It says test of wisdom.
One box says bad advice, the other one good."
Meanwhile George had picked up a postcard and read it.
"Color change charms are useful and easily reversible.
I guess that's good advice, remember when we turned all the Slytherin's hair green?"
"Here's another one.
When you see a first year of one house getting bullied by three older students of another house, you should do something to help.
That slimy snake will have no chance against five of you!
I think it's implying that we're not supposed to do that."
A little later they'd finished sorting the advice and I opened the door to the last room.
It had started as an experiment on if the room could read memories good enough to recreate a picture from my mind that I'd seen years ago on the internet.
It turned out to result in a quite nice looking mural.
"Do you see any sign of what we're supposed to do here?"
"No, just this painting on the wall.
A wolf, a stag, and a dog with a rat in its mouth.
No idea what it means."
"Hmm, there's a moon behind the wolf.
And a dog footprint symbol above the dog.
There's a symbol of a rat tail here, between the footprint and the stag's antlers.
It's almost as if the four symbols form a row."
"Some form of coded message?
Moon, antlers, rat tail, pad print."
"No.
I think it's Moony, Prongs, Wormtail, Padfoot!"
"Correct."
The two spun around and stared at me.
"Did you like my little challenge?
I spent half the weekend on it."
Their jaws dropped.
Then, George burst out laughing, "Fred, brother, I think we've been had.
Barely here a week and he's teaching us lessons in pranking.
Including the written exam!"
"How did you do that?
Create this entire thing?
I didn't even know there was anything here!"
I mentally asked the room to return to being a simple classroom, and while the two watched the room's walls fold in on themselves I explained.
"It's this amazing room I found.
You have to walk past the tapestry three times and think of something, then it can transfigure itself into it."
Fred appeared to have realized something.
"So, last week you mentioned that your godfather and your father were in a group of pranksters.
They were Moony, Padfoot, Wormtail and Prongs, weren't they?"
"Yes.
Prongs was James Potter.
My father.
Moony, Remus Lupin, as Remus was one of Rome's founders, raised by a wolf, and wolves are lupine.
Padfoot, the black dog, I'll give you a hint: The star Sirius is also called the Dog Star."
"Sirius Black?
Wasn't he in Azkaban for a while, until they found that criminal Pettigrew hiding as Percy's rat.. Oohh, so he was Wormtail?"
I nodded.
"The four were pretty close friends, until Pettigrew betrayed my parents, got my father killed and Sirius imprisoned.
After they caught the rat, Sirius adopted me and Remus has been pretty much an honorary uncle for me for the last few years."
"So that explains where you got the skill from to pull one over on us!"
George smiled and took out a piece of parchment.
"Well, if you're Prongs' son, I think this belongs to you."
I took it and tapped it with my wand.
"Let me guess, I solemnly swear I am up to no good.
Nice, it works!
Sirius told me all about the map they made when they were at school."
I took a look at the map.
Absolutely amazing piece of spellwork.
Remus did tell me a bit about how they had made it work, they had placed many tracking charms throughout Hogwarts, each connected to a Protean Charm feeding the information to the map, where a Homonculous Charm does some data processing and displaying.
"You know, I think you two are actually going to use it more for its intended purpose, but I could really use it for other things as well.
I'll give it to you if you let me borrow it when I need it.
Oh, and by the way", I pulled out a mirror from my pocket, "Sirius Black!
Hi Sirius, guess what, you got fans!"
-HP-HP-HP- So, I introduced the twins to Sirius and Remus and borrowed the map for a little excursion.
I found Neville in the library, reading a charms book.
"Hi Neville!
How's it going?"
"Harry, hello!
It's okay, I'm just having a little trouble with Lumus right now.
Lumos!"
A small, faint light appeared at his wand, and went out after a second.
"I don't know what I'm doing wrong.
According to the book, the loop is exactly the right wand movement, but I couldn't do it in class and I can't get it right now."
"Let me try.
Lumos."
I got the typical result, bright light.
It's a really simple charm, mostly used to introduce first years to the basics of casting charms, because it's so simple most manage in the first class.
But those who don't are usually making an obvious mistake and get no result at all until they get it right.
A partial result like this is odd.
"Nox.
I think you did do it right, otherwise there wouldn't have been any light at all."
Neville got a depressed look.
"Do you think… that maybe I'm not that good at magic?"
"Don't say that.
Whatever people tell you about some wizards being stronger than others, it's all a myth.
Everyone with magic got pretty much the same thing, as do you.
The only difference is that some know more spells than others.
How good a spell gets cast depends only on how accurate the incantation and wand movement is, and with that you were spot on.
Lumos isn't a spell that needs a specific intent or emotion.
There's just one reason I can think of.
Give me your wand.
Lumos."
I could feel the magic resisting a bit, and got a small light that quickly went out.
"My Gran is going to kill me, that's my father's wand and I was supposed to be careful and not break it."
"Well, maybe it's not broken.
It's just not yours.
If it's unicorn hair, those are really loyal and don't work properly for anyone but the original owner."
Neville took it again.
"What should I do?
I'm supposed to learn magic here and I don't have a proper wand."
"Oh, don't worry.
Just come with me."
-HP-HP-HP- "Harry, what are we doing on the third floor?"
"You'll see.
Dissendium."
The password opened the passage behind the one-eyed witch statue and soon we were in the tunnel to Hogsmeade.
"What is this place?"
"It's what it looks like, a secret tunnel.
It's leading to Hogsmeade.
No idea who built it, but nowadays it's mostly used by Fred and George Weasley to smuggle in butterbeer.
Oh, and: Kreacher!"
"What can Kreacher do for Young Master Just Harry?"
"Hi Kreacher, that's Neville.
Neville, that's Kreacher, my godfather's elf.
Kreacher, this tunnel goes from Hogwarts to Hogsmeade.
Could you tell us when we're far enough away that we can apparate?"
-HP-HP-HP- Crack!
"Harry, I don't think we're supposed to be here."
"Don't worry.
You need a wand, so we're here at Ollivanders.
We'll be back before dinner, nobody will notice anything, except maybe that you're going to be doing way better in charms."
"Good afternoon.
Neville Longbottom.
I had assumed you'd come and buy your wand during the holidays, I was quite worried when you did not.
I assume you've been using your father's wand?
Oak wood, hair from a particularly excitable unicorn, twelve inches, I remember the day I sold it like it was yesterday.
Yes, I can see why you're here now.
Let's find you a properly matched wand, shall we?"
-HP-HP-HP- On the way back through the tunnel, I distinctly remembered something else.
"Neville, do you know why you were using your father's wand?
Was it your grandmother's idea?"
"Well, no, actually it was my great-uncle Algie who suggested it.
Gran didn't like it at first but he told her it'd make me a better wizard like my father if I used his wand."
"The same uncle Algie who dropped you out of a window?"
"Yeah, that's him.
I bounced around a lot, everyone was really happy that I had magic after all."
"Your family is quite wealthy, right?"
"We're not the Malfoys, but we got a lot of land and greenhouses, quite large family business, why do you ask?"
"I'm just thinking, what would have happened if you hadn't bounced?"
"Uh, I guess… I'd have died."
"And if that had happened, with your parents and you gone, who'd have inherited the family business?"
"Uncle Algie… you think… that bastard!
You know what, I'm going to kill him!
", Neville yelled in anger.
"Well", I grimly said while pointing at his brightly glowing wand, "now you have a wand that could do it.
"Chapter 14: Terrarium Scabiosa!
A little later Neville had calmed down a bit and agreed that instead of plotting murder, contacting the Department of Magical Law Enforcement was maybe a better idea.
As it turned out, Angie hadn't actually wanted the family business, he'd just hated Frank for years, and after the whole Lestrange incident he'd just been mad that they hadn't gotten Neville.
Complete psychopath.
Good thing he's in St. Mungo's now, getting psychological treatment.
Well, after that there weren't any relevant incidents for a while.
People gradually stopped looking at me like some celebrity and got used to me being another student, even if I and Hermione had no trouble beating everyone in almost every class.
Eventually some of the additional teachers got hired, and my efforts at convincing Snape that I'm not a typical dunderhead were for naught cause he stopped teaching below year 5.
At least Professor Weatherford gets along a lot better with the class.
My petition to switch homework essays from inches to centimeters or standardized pages failed miserably, Fred and George spent way too much time on the mirror asking Sirius and Remus for details on pranks they pulled two decades ago, I finally got around to getting to know Ron - no idea why I put it off for so long - and spent a lot of time discussing "hypothetical" plots for the Star Wars with Terry.
Maybe I should work on another item off my TO-DO list.
-HP-HP-HP- "Good evening, Professor Dumbledore.
We need to talk."
"Hello, Harry.
Do you want a Lemon Sherbet?
No?
Well, let me ask what brings you to my office today?
I was under the impression that you were happy with my efforts to hire more staff members."
"Oh, it's not that, Professor.
The school's running great.
But we really need to talk about the elephant in the room, or more precisely, the dark wizard in the castle."
"Harry, I know Severus is not the nicest person, but despite what your new father might have told you, he's absolutely on our side."
"Oh, not Snape.
We're actually getting along okay-ish.
I'm talking about Professor Quirrel."
Dumbledore seemed surprised, but not quite as much as I expected.
"Quirinus?"
"Yes.
Right now I'm about 90% certain that he's got something nefarious planned, 70% certain he's working for Voldemort."
The actual numbers are 99.9% and 99%, by the way.
But I can't reveal too much of what I know.
"Ninety percent certain he's evil?
Harry, he's the Defense Professor.
Why do you think he's dark?"
"First of all, he's the Defense Professor.
There's always something going on with whoever has that position.
Second, he fakes his stutter.
If you spend a few hours every week listening to how he speaks in his classes, you notice that.
Third, I get a weird feeling where my lightning bolt scar used to be whenever I look in his direction.
In storybooks that's called foreshadowing.
And fourth, back during the welcoming feast he tried to use legilimency on me, or something similar - with the back of his head.
There's got to be something weird going on under that turban."
Dumbledore listened calmly, but the last one appeared to have surprised him a bit.
"Legilimency, with the back of his head?
Are you certain?"
"Well, I'm only the second best Occlumens in my year," I admitted, "but I certainly recognize a blunt force legilimency attack."
"So, you learned Occlumency?
And I presume by second best you mean that however you learnt it, Hermione Granger did too?"
"Correct.
It was one of the vital skills I decided I'd definitely need to have a chance against Voldemort.
Hermione and I both spent quite some time learning Occlumency and a bit of Legilimency too so that we could train more."
This did appear to concern him.
"Harry, are you telling me that you are practicing Legilimency on each other?"
"Well, we figured out pretty quickly that the best way to get better is to practice.
So as soon as we managed to somewhat organize our minds we added little training areas where we only put irrelevant memories and thoughts, then whenever we want to train one of us selects a specific memory like a memorable scene from a movie or a book, hides that thought in the training area of their mind, and the other partner then has to figure out how to read that memory.
It's a variant on a partner training technique we found in an old book in Sirius's family library."
"You do know that some of the books his family collected are rather dark in nature, do you?"
"Of course.
But there's plenty of normal books too, including a lot of quite rare ones.
And if I'm going to have to go up against Voldemort, I'm not going to say no to any massive advantage that I get for practically free.
Now, let's get the conversation back on track and discuss how we're going to keep an eye on Quirrel's activities, okay?"
-HP-HP-HP- "Um, Professor Snape?"
"What is it, Potter?
As by your own recommendation, I no longer teach you Potions.
Unless you want to ask something on .
.L level, Professor Weatherford's office is on the first floor, west wing.
And while you seem to have inherited at least some of your mother's brilliance, don't tell me you're four years ahead of the curriculum."
"Well, actually I wanted to ask about something like that.
When brewing Draught of Living Death, wouldn't it be a good idea to crush the Sopophorous bean instead of cutting it?
I mean, theoretically, that'd be a much better way to get at the juice."
"Potter, while it would be indeed a very good idea, I would heavily recommend against you brewing that potion as a first year.
And where did you get that idea in the first place?
Don't tell me you figured out an improvement like that by yourself, without even having brewed the potion."
"Well, it wasn't really my idea.
You see, I asked Madam Pince if I could look through the school's stock of used textbooks to see if I could maybe find something owned by my parents, since I don't really have anything from them, and I found this potions book full of interesting ideas on how to improve common potions."
I pulled it out of my bag and continued.
"It's a shame it doesn't say whose book it is, because if all the tips are as good as that one about crushing the bean, the author must be a true potions genius.
Whoever it is, they could probably make a fortune publishing these amazing improvements, teach them to the next generation of potions prodigies and maybe even invent some great new potions!
That is, unless this mysterious author is busy spending all their time teaching eleven year old dunderheads how to properly stir a cauldron."
I don't know what I really expected, but not this.
Snape laughed.
"I don't know what to think of you, Potter, I really don't.
Every time I think I've figured it out you come and completely turn my expectations around.
When Dumbledore told me he suspected you were with Black, I expected the worst, a copy of your arrogant father.
When you got sorted into Ravenclaw and demonstrated a decent amount of skill in Potions, I had a glimmer of hope you were more like your mother.
Then you held that smear speech telling the entire school what a terrible teacher I am and extinguished it.
Then it ends up with my job being significantly more bearable and now you're here, praising me."
"Well, first, it's not that complicated, Sir.
I knew you're good at really advanced potions.
The basics of potions are so obvious to you that you couldn't fathom why anyone would have trouble with them, so you're obviously not good at teaching them.
So everyone's happier if someone else is doing that, I have no idea why that wasn't obvious to everyone.
And now that you're working less hours, you might want additional income and you have some spare time, so I was suggesting you use that spare time to do some good work and invent and sell better potions recipes.
"Second, I found that book, and while it's so full of great ideas that it was obvious that it had to be yours, I also thought I should probably tell you that you really shouldn't leave books containing your spells lying around like that.
Muffliato is great and harmless and all, but what if someone else found that book, saw Sectumsempra - for enemies and attempted to use it against an annoying classmate?"
-HP-HP-HP- Gryffindor/Ravenclaw Charms class with Flitwick.
Now we're finally supposed to learn one of my favorites.
"It's Levio-o-sa not Levio-sah!"
Well, this scene feels familiar.
But given how Hermione looks like she can barely hold her laugh she's probably done it deliberately.
Maybe I shouldn't have used that scene from Philosopher's Stone as the target during one of our "Capture the Memory" games.
A side effect of using that method to improve our Occlumency to the point of being able to keep my dimension traveling origin a secret is that Hermione knows a rather unusually large amount of pop culture from two decades in the future.
Now that I think about it, I got an idea... "Let me try it first.
Terrarium Scabiosa!"
The feather floated.
So my theory about the arithmantic properties of incantations might be correct.
Everyone Hermione was pretty surprised though, and even she didn't immediately recognize what I was doing.
"What… How?
That's not the right way to do it at all!
What do these words even mean?"
"Scabiosa is a genus of plants, I guess you could have one in a terrarium.
No idea what it has to do with floating feathers," mentioned Neville.
"Nothing, but it has the same syllable structure as Wingardium Leviosa.
I think the way it works is that the pattern of the wand movement and the pattern of the syllables in the incantation have to fit.
Probably complicated arithmancy reasons behind it."
"Ten points to Ravenclaw!
Yes, Mr. Potter, you're correct.
The exact properties of arithmantic patterns in spells is something you'll learn in fourth year Arithmancy.
Understanding it is only required for spellcrafting, in Charms class you'll learn how to best cast a spell whose patterns are known."
"And let me guess," I said half guessing and half vaguely remembering arithmancy books way above my level that I had skimmed through months ago, "silent casting works by focusing on the pattern of incantation, like you'd focus on the intent of a spell?
And motionless casting by picturing the pattern of the wand movement?"
Now Flitwick got excited and went into full explainer mode, even though most of the class couldn't really follow and just kept on practicing Wingardium.
"Correct.
Technically they're not necessary, the bare intent of a spell can be enough to successfully cast, but that is not reliable and usually only happens with accidental magic.
Mentally focusing on the arithmantic patterns of a spell greatly reduces the intent required, and saying and drawing the patterns makes it possible to cast most spells with very little mental effort."
"And motionless casting is just one step away from wandless casting, right?"
"Yes, yes, that is true, although wandless casting obviously takes a much greater effort for an inferior result, without the amplifying effect of the wand."
Right.
Wandless is mostly a party trick, or to summon your wand back to you.
I guess it could come in useful in edge cases, so I'll continue practicing it, but it's true that doing magic with wands is just better.
There's a reason the greek wizards did so well until the Romans copied them, conquered most of europe, and why Europeans later conquered most of the world.
Whoever first figured out that a bit of magic animal in a magical stick amplifies and focuses magic probably changed the course of history more than anyone else, ever.
Author's Note: The magic system for this fic is loosely based on WhiteSquirrel's Arithmancer series.
