Hermione jolted awake on the couch in the Burrow.
Ginny, whose lap she had been laying on, was sitting stiffly, bound with what looked to be an incarcerous spell.
Hermione sat up slowly, feeling like she had been stung in the face about a million times.
She looked around and saw Fred and George, both looking remarkably worn out and torn to hell, sitting closely on her other side, similarly bound.
Glancing down at her own hands, she found them to be tied as well.
"Oi!
Ugly!
You're finally up."
The remark came from a Death Eater she hadn't noticed sulking in the corner of the room.
He approached them with a dangerous urgency to his gait.
"What's your name?"
Hermione stammered, wracking her brain for a name she could use.
Thankfully, Fred piped up.
"That's Alvilda Weasley.
Cousin."
The Death Eater looked doubtfully at Hermione, who nodded eagerly.
He grunted in response.
"Filthy blood traitors."
He looked down at her in disgust and spit on the floor.
"Let's go little ginger, with me," he said, crooking his finger at Ginny.
She gave Hermione's hand a squeeze before getting up and following the masked man and, though she looked at her reassuringly, Hermione could see the fear in her eyes.
Hermione leaned into Fred and whispered quietly, "What is going on?"
She was afraid of the answer.
Fred set his mouth in a grim line.
"There were too many.
At the wedding.
Some got away, some got taken, and some..." he trailed off.
"They're interrogating us for information on Harry's whereabouts," George finished in a hushed tone.
Hermione nodded slightly, sadly.
"They broke the wards."
It wasn't a question, but Fred bobbed his head once with affirmation.
Hermione let out a heavy sigh and then followed with, "How in the world did I pass for a Weasley?"
George leaned around with the hint of a spark in his eye.
"Because of your beautiful red hair, of course."
Fred smiled softly and shook his head.
"George!"
Hermione hissed.
"Now isn't the time!"
Fred smacked his twin's arm and explained.
"Ginny was afraid you'd be recognized so she hit you with a stinging hex.
The glamour charm for the hair was, uh, actually Fleur's idea."
Hermione lifted a hand to her hair and pulled it over her shoulder to see that she was, indeed, sporting the telltale Weasley red in place of her typically brown hair.
"She managed to perform it before they took her and Bill away."
She let her hair drop back over her shoulder.
"Took them away?"
Hermione started.
"I don't‑" George spoke up again.
"They're interrogating us Hermione.
They want Harry," he said solemnly.
As if to punctuate his statement, a muffled scream rang out around the house, making her flinch.
She suddenly realized that the marks on the twins weren't defensive marks, but marks of torture.
She wondered how she didn't notice before.
Fresh bruises on George's arms.
A weeping cut underlining Fred's eye.
She tenderly raised her fingers to his face to examine it, not missing the way he flinched at her touch.
"I'm next," she whispered, dropping her hand back into her lap.
It wasn't a question, but a statement.
Fred nodded sadly.
"Mum and Dad have been in there all night, but they took George and I first."
He sighed shakily.
"If it looked like they were going to kill us, we wanted to put a fight long enough to give you guys time to escape."
He scowled.
"But I guess they've got other plans for us."
Hermione gave the twins a sad look and placed a hand on Fred's arm.
Then she gasped.
"What about Harry and Ron?
Do you know where they went?"
she asked hopefully.
It was George who shook his head this time.
"They're probably the whole reason we're alive though.
They think we'll be in contact with them I'm sure."
He raked a hand through his hair.
"I just hope they aren't that thick without you."
"We disguised the family ghoul to look like Ron, though, and made it look like he'd got a nasty bout of Spattergroit.
No one will go close enough to him to check if it's really Ron so, for now, they think he's here and won't be looking for him."
Fred shrugged.
"It's not much.
But it's something."
Hermione nodded slightly reassured, but still worried.
She supposed if Voldemort suspected Harry was alone, he might not put as much manpower to his capture, allowing the boys a better chance should they encounter any Death Eaters.
They sat in tense silence for what seemed like hours.
Every scream or cry echoed eerily through the house and she fought the urge to cover her ears.
Just so she wouldn't have to hear them suffer.
Eventually, the same man who escorted the youngest Weasley towards the back of the house reentered the room and gestured for Hermione to follow him.
"C'mon ugly, let's go."
She shot an apprehensive glance back at the boys and was saddened by their helpless expressions.
As if there was anything they could've done to prevent what was about to happen.
She made her way through the house, his wand on her back, taking note of its terrible condition.
While just hours ago it had been the cleanest she'd ever seen it, it now looked like people on the hunt had ransacked it looking for something… or rather, someone, she supposed, though they can't have expected to find Harry here after the fiasco at the wedding.
They made their way to the top of the house, past the disheveled bedrooms and horrible aftermath of the evening's events, up into the attic, where she was roughly shoved up the ladder.
The attic, usually filled with boxes and where the Weasley family ghoul typically resided, was hauntingly empty.
The boxes were shoved roughly to the side and the empty floor was covered in blood and sweat.
She started when the attic door slammed shut behind the man.
Her fingers itched to reach for her wand, but she needed to maintain her cover and would hardly be able to get it anyways with the ropes that were currently digging ridges into the sensitive flesh on her wrists.
How should she play this?
The man sauntered over to her menacingly.
"Please, I don't know anything," she began.
"I was only in town for—" a rough slap cut her off and knocked her to the floor.
Although everything in her burned to fight back, she knew an innocent bystander would not have the nerve to do so.
So she began to sob instead.
"Please, sir, I will give you anything you want!"
she wailed.
"What do you want from me?"
This time, a sharp kick to the stomach robbed her of her breath.
She gasped for air.
"Shut the bloody hell up."
Though he still wore his mask, she could hear the sneer in his voice.
"Where is—" She let out another piercing cry.
"Please, please, I'm begging you!
Just let me go, my parents are expecting me!"
Another kick met her abdomen.
Fury simmered beneath her skin and she grabbed his legs, knocking him to his back.
She scrambled for the attic door, but crumpled back to the ground before making it even halfway.
"CRUCIO!"
Hermione fell in on herself, unable to focus on anything but the white-hot pain searing through her body.
Her head felt as though it was about to explode.
Her brain pulsed against her skull.
Waves of it sliced down her spine.
The very real screams ripping through her body were unfamiliar to her.
She lost track of every aspect of reality but the excruciating agony coursing through her veins.
Air wouldn't fill her lungs.
She tried to speak, but could not form any words.
When the pain finally subsided, she still could feel its effects slamming on her temples.
She let out genuine cries this time.
"Silencio!"
Hermione continued to sob, but no sound came out.
The man craned his wand at her with warning.
"You listen to me, you little Weasley bitch.
Another move like that and the next time your parents see you will be in a casket.
Now, I'm going to ask you some questions.
You will quit your bloody crying and answer them for me.
Nod if you understand."
Hermione sniffed and took several deep breaths.
He jabbed his wand at her threateningly when she didn't respond.
Widening her eyes at attempted innocence, she nodded rapidly, not wanting to endure the curse again.
"Sonorus.
Now, what is your name?"
Hermione fumbled for the name Fred had given earlier.
"Alvilda.
Alvilda Weasley."
"Where is Harry Potter?"
"I'm… I don't…" she stumbled, pushing herself up onto her elbows.
"Reducto!"
Hermione squeaked as a box by her head exploded into ash.
"Where.
Is.
Harry.
Potter," he enunciated each word.
"Please, I am just in town for the wedding, I've never even met Harry Potter, he wasn't there tonight!"
He pointed his wand at her again.
"Please, please!
No!
I swear, do legilimency on me, do whatever you want, just please not the cruciatus curse again," she wept.
"What about his friends?"
"I don't know, I don't know!
I don't even know his friends!
I'd never even met this side of the family before today, except for Uncle Arthur!"
He narrowed his eyes at her and crouched down to look into her eyes.
Hermione fought the urge to look away.
"If I find out you lied to me I'll personally wipe out the entire Weasley family.
You're all a bunch cockroaches.
And one of you knows where Potter is."
The Death Eater began to turn away from her and then paused.
"We will find Potter and we will kill him and anyone else who gets in our way.
Consider where your loyalties lie."
And with that closing sentiment, he disapparated from the attic.
It was then that the day's events finally hit her.
She was alone.
She was with the Weasley family, but she had lost Harry and Ron.
Her brother and her… well, she didn't know what exactly her and Ron were at the moment, but the pang of emotion that shot through her when she thought of not seeing him again was painful.
She collapsed fully onto the floor and let true sobs of anguish wrack her body.
Though she vaguely heard the Weasley's calling for her, she remained there, broken, until Fred found her and carried her tenderly back downstairs.
A/N: Updated!Hermione was vaguely aware of a presence next to her when she woke up the next morning and looked over to see Ginny sleeping fitfully beside her.
The young witch looked troubled and Hermione smoothed her hair back from her face and shook her gently.
"Ginny," she whispered.
Ginny woke with a start and her eyes darted around fearfully before landing on Hermione's face.
"Are you alright?"
Ginny grimaced awkwardly.
"Sorry… I couldn't sleep and you looked like you were having trouble sleeping so I just came over to give you some company… We found your wand in the attic," she said, gesturing to the nightstand.
Hermione smiled comfortingly.
"It's okay, thank you.
How are you feeling?"
Ginny's face fell at that.
"Honestly," she started, "I'm terrible.
We haven't heard from Bill, Charlie, or Percy and now we don't know where Ron and Harry are.
I'm glad you're here, but I worry about them without you."
Tears began to collect in the corners of her eyes.
While it was true she was having a rough time being separated from the boys, Ginny lost her brothers and her not-really-boyfriend that she was still madly in love with.
Hermione pulled her close and stroked her hair like her mom used to do for her and let Ginny sob into her shoulder.
She wanted to offer words of comfort, but knew they would be empty lies.
Truthfully, she didn't know what would happen to the boys.
For a brief, selfish second, she resented them for leaving her.
Hot tears of her own burned her throat and she fought to choke them down.
She would not break.
She tucked her own sadness into a tiny box in the corner of her heart and focused her attention back on the rhythmic rustle of Ginny's hair as she ran her hand through it.
After Ginny composed herself, the two girls made their way to the dining area, where Molly was busy making breakfast.
"Good morning loves.
Breakfast will be ready in a minute.
Hermione, dear, make yourself at home."
Molly threw a smile her way, but it seemed forced.
"Have you heard anything from the boys?"
Ginny wrapped her arms around herself, leaning on Hermione for support.
She draped an arm around the younger witch.
Mr. Weasley responded distractedly from behind his newspaper.
"No, but I've sent them a patronus.
It's not safe for them to contact us right now."
"Why?"
Hermione responded.
He glanced up from his paper and met Hermione's gaze.
"We're being watched."
Hermione chastised herself silently.
Of course they were being watched.
"But won't they recognize Hermione?"
Ginny asked.
Arthur pondered this.
"Mm," he grunted in agreement.
"Good point, Gin, a glamour charm won't work long term."
"And if something happens and we can't use magic, we don't want her to be caught," Ginny added.
George nodded.
"Fred and I can figure something out."
"Oh yes, you'll look even more dazzling when we're finished.
And then we can figure out a disguise for Ron and-" Fred dropped off suddenly and the shift in the room was tangible.
Arthur's head shot up and Molly excused herself with a whisper and rushed out of the room.
Several heavy seconds passed by and Hermione desperately searched for something to say.
She wasn't ready to confront this, not here, not in front of all these people who had much more reason to be upset than she.
Hermione cleared her throat awkwardly.
"So, Fred, you think I'm dazzling?"
The tension left the room like a pent-up sigh and Fred burned red.
George snickered at his twin's embarrassment.
"You'll hardly look as dazzling as Fred does, brandishing that lovely shade of blush!"
Ginny gave a weak laugh and Mr. Weasley looked back down at his paper with a small smile, still tinged with sadness.
"I'm gonna go check on Mum," Fred grumbled.
He rose from the table, followed by a lightly mocking George.
Ginny rolled her eyes.
"Bloody gits, the both of them," she said softly.
Hermione smiled in spite of herself and placed a reassuring hand over Ginny's.
The younger witch gave her a grateful look and then glanced over at the door where Molly had reentered, eyes red but expression schooled into one of repose.
Figuring she could use the distraction, Hermione said, "Mrs. Weasley, there is something I could use to make me blend in a bit more, but I'll need to go to a muggle shop to retrieve it."
At this, Arthur slammed his paper down, grinning widely.
"Excellent!
I'll accompany you!"
Hermione felt a warm rush of affection bloom in her chest at the excitement of the older Weasley, glad to see some of his spark.
She missed Harry and Ron and wished she was with them instead, but supposed she was lucky to be at the Burrow.
"Arthur!"
Molly said sternly.
"What if something happens here?
You need to stay."
Mr. Weasley, looking visibly disappointed, conceded with no argument.
There honestly was no arguing with Molly.
"Well, what about me?
I can go," Ginny retorted.
Molly turned and placed a hand on her hip.
"Absolutely not.
I've half a mind to keep Hermione stored away, let alone let both of you out of my sight.
It is too dangerous for two young girls to be out and about on their own."
Hermione shrugged dismissively.
"I'm just as fine going on my own Mrs.
Weasley."
She honestly thought bringing one of them along would slow her down, but knew the suggestion was a long shot.
Molly scoffed.
"Nonsense dear.
You'll take one of the twins.
Just use the Floo to get as close as you can and you can walk from there."
She turned back to breakfast and waved her wand to stir the several pots sitting on the stovetop.
"Just make sure to take proper precautions.
We don't want anyone to recognize you."
"Actually Mrs. Weasley, I should probably take the car.
If they're watching us, they're watching the floo network."
Mrs. Weasley smacked a hand to her forehead.
"Of course.
I'll have one of the boys drive you into town after breakfast."
Gesturing widely at the table she continued, "Take a seat loves, let me set the table and we'll eat."
Molly hesitated when everyone sat and two spots were left empty, but Hermione doubted anyone noticed but her and they shared a knowing look.
Molly simply tightened her expression and averted her eyes.
It seemed no one was ready to face reality just yet.
Shortly after breakfast, Hermione pulled on jeans and a t-shirt and headed downstairs, where she saw Fred waiting for her.
"So, I guess you were the lucky one?"
Hermione joked.
"Did you draw straws?"
Fred wrinkled his nose at the unfamiliar expression.
"No straws were involved in the decision making process," he assured.
Hermione chuckled and then raised her eyebrows when he followed with, "I volunteered."
"Why?"
She furrowed her brows.
His mouth quirked up in a half smile and he shrugged.
"Cabin fever?"
He paused.
"Or maybe I just want to spend time with you."
Hermione couldn't help but scoff at that.
"Sure, why not."
His face lifted into a grin and gestured for her to follow him to the car.
"Be safe!"
Molly called after them.
They climbed into the unassuming car (though knowing Mr. Weasley, Hermione was sure he'd doctored this one up much like he had the Ford) and Hermione cast a glamour charm on herself, turning her hair from the faded red of the previous glamour to black and making her nose slightly larger.
"Just in case," she explained.
"I'm going to do you next."
"Well, that sounds interesting," Fred winked.
Hermione rolled her eyes and got to work changing Fred's telltale red hair into a sandy blonde and plumping his lips.
"Ready?"
The car ride was relatively uneventful and filled with small talk.
Once they arrived in town, they parked away from the town center and walked to the nearest convenient store in comfortable silence the majority of the way, but Fred spoke shortly before they reached the store.
"Hermione?"
"Hmm?"
she hummed distractedly.
A warm autumn breeze was rustling the first of the fallen leaves and she'd happily watched them dance around with an empty mind.
"How are you really doing?"
"Is that concern I hear in your voice, Fred Weasley?"
she smiled, not pulling her eyes from the sidewalk.
"I'm serious."
He stopped and grabbed her arm, forcing her to face him.
"Are you doing alright?"
Hermione blushed and looked back at her feet.
She'd never really been with Fred without his twin, and found that he was much more intense without his other half.
Although it would usually be a welcome change, she found she was not ready to confront her demons, not in the middle of town, and certainly not with this new side of Fred.
Not yet.
"Everyone is going through a tough time right now, Fred."
"I'm not talking about just anyone."
He captured her gaze and she held it for as long as she dared before nervously laughing it off.
"Come on, we're close."
She tugged at his arm and then continued ahead of him.
He sighed and ran a hand over his face, jogging to catch up with her.
"I'm really not finished talking about this, you know," he warned.
"Since when do you care?"
she snapped, suddenly irritated.
She inhaled three calming breaths.
"I'm sorry.
I'm just on edge lately.
I appreciate your concern, but I just—" Fred held his hands up in surrender.
"I get it.
But I think I understand what you're going through better than you think I do."
Hermione sighed.
"Sometimes I don't even understand what I'm going through," she admitted, mostly to herself.
They were silent for a beat when he awkwardly ruffled her hair.
"Let's go get that shampoo."
"It's hair dye, Fred."
"Why would you want your hair to die?"
"It's not—nevermind."
A/N: Updated B)At night, Hermione let herself feel everything she was afraid to feel when the sun was out.
It had only been three days since the wedding, but it felt like a lifetime.
She replayed it in her mind again.
She thought of how the last time she saw Harry, he was disguised as a chubby little muggle, and how she didn't know when she'd get to see his messy hair and kind eyes again.
She thought of his hand reaching out to her, but disappearing before she could reach it.
She still wasn't sure why they left without her and it was torture not knowing where they were.
Not knowing if they were okay or how she could help.
That didn't stop her from researching as much about horcruxes as she could, but with no way to communicate with them, she felt useless no matter how much she found out about the cursed objects.
She thought of how Ron asked her to dance, out of jealousy, sure, but they danced nonetheless.
She thought of his hand on her waist and how his face lit up when he laughed.
She thought of how scared she was when she couldn't find him after the Death Eaters attacked.
She remembered his face while she was running towards them, filled with relief and fear and something else she couldn't quite place.
She thought of how she felt so alone.
She began to tremble and the walls seemed to suffocate her.
Sadness and frustration constricted her throat but, damnit, the tears wouldn't spill over this time.
Not since the last time.
She thought she might feel better if all of those emotions would just come flooding out, but the dam she built up was strong and not cracking.
Peeking over the side of the bed to where Ginny slept soundly on the floor, Hermione sighed and slowly eased herself out from under the covers, grabbed her wand, and tiptoed out of the room.
"Lumos," she whispered.
She was making her way slowly down the stairs and into the living room, grimacing when the floor groaned under her weight, when she heard a noise in the kitchen.
Putting out her light, she peered around the corner, ready to attack.
Her brows furrowed at the sight before her.
"Fred?"
She stepped fully around the corner.
"What the—" Hermione let out an unexpected laughed as he shot up in surprise and banged his head on the fridge.
"Careful!"
"Bloody hell, Hermione!
You nearly gave me a heart attack," he panted, slamming the door and spinning around to face her.
She laughed again.
"What are you doing down here, it's the middle of the night?"
"Well, what are you doing down here?"
she asked in response.
"What does it look like I'm doing?"
he replied, holding up a sandwich.
"Typical."
He waved his hand dismissively.
"I couldn't sleep.
Better this than raiding the liquor cabinet," he said dryly.
Hermione's jaw tensed with sorrow.
She'd never expected to see Fred this way.
He was always the more carefree of the twins and it hurt her to see him so affected.
But she supposed she shouldn't be surprised.
War had that effect on people.
Fred cleared his throat.
"You never answered me.
What are you doing up?"
Hermione shrugged offhandedly.
"I just felt like I needed to get out of the house.
Think.
Get some air, I guess."
She struggled to make out his expression; the only light was coming from the moon.
Fred tilted his head at her and she felt like he could read her mind.
She silently thanked the darkness for hiding the blush that crept into her cheeks at his unwavering gaze.
"Actually, I might just—" she started, beginning to turn back to the stairs.
"Do you want some company?"
he offered, taking a bite of his sandwich.
"Um, I—You don't… It's—" she stammered.
He chuckled heartily.
"It's a simple yes or no, I just thought you might like a big, strong man to accompany you."
He joked.
She could just barely make out his wink in the dim light and she thought she could smack him for making the comment.
"For your information, I am perfectly capable of doing things on my own," she retorted haughtily.
"So, no?"
She opened her mouth to say, 'no, in fact, I don't need your company, I'm fine on my own,' but instead hesitated and found herself saying, "That might be nice."
Hermione seemed as surprised as Fred when she said yes to his invitation.
"Oh, okay," he said, wide eyes betraying his surprise.
"Well, come on then," he continued, recovering from his shock with a friendly smile.
He wrapped his sandwich in a paper towel and placed it in the fridge.
"You're not going to finish that?"
she asked.
He chuckled good-naturedly.
"Guess I'm not hungry after all."
Making his way to the door, he gestured for Hermione to follow him.
They stepped out into the brisk night air and into the garden.
They made idle small talk for a while and Fred was distinctly aware of how their shoulders occasionally brushed together as they walked in wide circles across the uneven grass.
He had to keep himself from staring at her while she talked.
Although she had been hovering around his peripheral since he was a third year, he had never spent time with her like this, and he found he enjoyed it quite a bit more than he probably should.
He shifted their path towards the orchard where Fred saw a tree that had fallen over in the skirmish a few days ago.
He walked over to it and took a seat, welcoming Hermione to sit next to him.
He saw what he thought to be hesitation cross over her face before giving in and waving at him to make room for her.
Once she settled in, she closed her eyes and leaned her head back, taking a deep breath.
Without looking at him, she said "Thank you for walking with me.
This is has been a welcome distraction."
"From what?"
he prompted.
Hermione cracked her eyes open and turned to look at him.
"I don't know.
Everything, I guess."
"You don't know?
How very un-Hermione of you."
He'd meant to ease her tension, but instead she let out an exasperated breath.
"Nevermind," she clipped out.
He sighed and ran a hand through his hair.
"I'm sorry."
She stole a glance at him but didn't speak.
"Come on, I know you probably don't think I'm capable of being serious but we're…friends, wouldn't you say?"
She leaned forward.
Nibbling her lip in what he hoped was consideration, she looked into her lap, where she was twisting her hands.
"Hermione."
He mentally chastised himself for what he was about to do and how it would make everything so much more complicated for him.
But he held his breath to quiet down his heart, which was hammering in his chest, and reached out to gently tilt her to head to face him anyways.
He met her with the most genuine gaze he could muster.
"You can talk to me."
She nodded and he dropped his hand from her face and exhaled heavily.
"Don't look at me when I'm talking though," she ordered.
He laughed humorlessly and held his hands up.
"Whatever you need."
He meant it.
He let his eyes slide shut.
He heard her shifting uncomfortably before she finally spoke.
"I guess… I'm confused.
I really resent the boys for leaving me here, but I know I should be thankful I'm not out there, in danger, and instead I'm here with a loving family."
He heard her sigh shakily.
"It seems… wrong… for me to feel that way, when you guys lost them too but…" she sniffed.
He could feel her steam running out so, he tried to find the right words to say, but figured saying nothing might be what she needed more.
Eyes still closed, he offered her a hand in support and warmed when she took it tentatively.
Sure enough, she began to speak again.
"I know Harry is like a brother to you, and Ron is actually your brother, but, for me, Harry is the only brother I've ever known and with Ron it's…" Fred squeezed his eyes shut tighter, quashing the twinge of jealousy that bloomed in his stomach.
They all suspected she had liked the youngest Weasley boy, but hearing it from her felt like a knife through his chest.
"Complicated," he finished for her.
"I know.
He likes you too, you know."
He couldn't see her expression, but he heard her sharp gasp.
"Has he—" "No, he hasn't told me, but everyone can see it.
He might not even realize he does."
He sighed.
"He would be crazy not to," he finished, nearly inaudibly.
She didn't say anything for a long while, and he opened his eyes to find her looking at him curiously.
"Sorry, I—" She cut him off abruptly.
"Thank you."
He felt his cheeks warm.
"Any time," he replied, unable to repress the small smile that spread to his lips.
She rose to her feet and he was disappointed when she dropped his hand to brush herself off, but smiled again when she extended her hand to pull him up and then looped her arm through his as they walked back to the house in easy silence.
She stopped at the door.
"I meant what I said earlier Fred.
Thank you.
This was… enlightening."
He couldn't help the laugh that burst from him.
"That's me, wise beyond my years, offering insight and enlightenment to all who seek it."
Hermione rolled her eyes, smiling.
"Well, way to ruin it."
She gave his arm a squeeze.
"Goodnight, Fred, O' Wise One."
He chuckled again and sat on the stoop when she closed the door behind her.
Hermione settled herself in bed and tucked the covers under her chin.
Enlightening?
What kind of idiotic word was that?
She huffed at herself and found her thoughts wandering to very different places than they had before their walk.
She'd always had her suspicions that Ron fancied her, but hearing some sort of confirmation from Fred had made her heart leap with joy.
However, she also realized something else: Despite their years long friendship, Ron had never shown her the sort of compassion and willingness to just listen and be present as Fred had tonight.
She thought back to first year, how upset she'd been when she'd heard Ron talking about her to Harry.
And how consistently he mocked her for her dedication to school.
She remembered how cruel he'd been to her before the Yule Ball and how she let him ruin a perfectly good night.
She had thought a few times that she deserved better than just waiting around for him.
Someone who listened to her intently and made her laugh, like— At that, she guiltily shook the thoughts out of her head.
Ron was her best friend.
And he could be incredibly sweet and fiercely protective when it came to people cared about and that was what she liked so much about him.
She thought again of when they danced at the wedding and how jealous he had gotten around Viktor and smiled to herself.
She let this picture lull her to sleep and refused to let her mind wander.
Fred threw himself carelessly onto his bed, not bothering to get under the covers.
He buried his face in his hands and groaned loudly.
"Shut up, there's a bathroom for that," George mumbled sleepily.
Fred shot him an angry look, knowing he couldn't see it, and turned towards the wall.
He tried to calm the thoughts racing through his mind and sort through them, one by one.
He didn't remember when exactly he started to feel this way about her.
What he remembered was when he was in his fourth year, hearing Malfoy call her a mudblood and how it made his blood boil to the point of needing to physically attack the little wanker.
He remembered how her scent lingered in his nose the first time she stayed at the Burrow, and how panicked and guilty he was when recognized that scent in sixth year when they brewed amortentia in potions class.
He remembered smiling when she tried to be discreet about finding the kitchens, presumably to talk to the house elves about demanding fair compensation.
He thought of how Hermione was kind to everyone; how she tried to be kind to that despicable Kreacher in the Black family house, how she got onto them for trying to test their products on unsuspecting first years, and how concerned she was about him and George getting kicked out of school when Umbridge was in charge.
He thought of how lovely her laugh sounded.
The way her eyes twinkled when she smiled.
How her body felt brushing against his.
How she opened up to him tonight and took his hand when she needed the confidence to keep talking.
How she held him close as they walked back to the house from the orchard.
The way she squeezed his arm.
He could've sworn she let her touch linger.
Godrick, he was in over his head.
A/N: Updated!Her heart was pounding in her chest.
She fought the urge to wipe her hands on her gown.
Glancing down at herself, she smiled.
The blue dress really had been the best choice.
The way the light reflected off the shimmery, periwinkle fabric made her feel dazzling.
It was a new feeling.
She quite enjoyed it, she decided.
She beamed as she descended the grand staircase and made her way towards Ron.
Ron?
Where was Viktor?
She furrowed her brow, but he didn't seem to notice.
He grinned at her and offered his hand.
"You look beautiful," he whispered.
Her confusion melted away and was replaced by butterflies.
He led her into the ballroom where the festivities were already in full swing.
They spun their way to the center of the dance floor, where she felt his hand warm against her side.
To her right, she saw Harry dancing with Ginny.
Ron smiled down at her and she thought everything was as it should be.
Hermione closed her eyes and let herself be swept up in the music.
She squeezed Ron's arm and he leaned into her.
She rested her chin on his shoulder as he spoke softly by her ear.
"What was that?"
She could barely hear herself speaking over the band.
"Do you want some company?"
She felt herself frown.
His voice rang differently in her ears all of the sudden.
"I don't know what you mean," she replied, but his tone had shivers running up her spine.
The music played on, but it seemed further away.
She gripped him tighter against her.
"You don't know?
How very un-Hermione of you."
His words tickled her brain, but she wasn't sure why.
At her silence, he continued.
"You can talk to me."
He brushed a knuckle across her cheek, setting her heart on fire, as he pulled away from her and Hermione realized where she'd heard those words before.
"Don't look at me," she whispered, voice quavering.
"Whatever you need," he responded.
She slowly opened her eyes.
Fred.
Hermione woke with a start, sucking in a sharp breath as reality crashed down on her.
Harry and Ron were gone.
She didn't know where.
She was alone.
She mentally shook herself.
Not alone.
The boys were alone.
Her boys.
She squeezed her eyes shut and willed tears to fall.
If only to lessen the ache in her chest.
But of course none came.
She balled the bed sheets in her fists with frustration, then sighed shakily and smoothed them back out.
She replayed the bizarre dream in her head.
It wasn't the first time she'd dreamt of her and Ron dancing at the Yule Ball.
Those dreams actually came quite frequently and she always enjoyed them.
They always felt so real, and with this one in particular she was able to take their dance from the wedding and put it into new context.
But the ending?
Do you want some company?
How very un-Hermione of you.
Those were things Fred had said to her last night.
It was completely rational, she decided, for her to have dreamt of Fred.
They did, after all, have a meaningful conversation last night, and the fact that he replaced Ron as her dance partner was simply because the dancing had represented emotional intimacy, and she had opened up to him a bit last night.
That's all it was!
So why did it feel like she was trying to convince herself?
She shook her head and scolded herself and she didn't let herself think about the fact that she didn't have an explanation for why her immediate reaction upon hearing his voice was to hold him tighter.
Or why, when she realized why those words were so familiar, her heart fluttered in her chest like a swarm of pixies.
Why she couldn't breathe when she opened her eyes and met his own.
Whatever you need.
She lifted a trembling hand to her forehead.
She needed to find the boys.
She needed to get out of this house.
Not even a week had passed and she was pretty sure she was going mad.
She needed to tell Ron that she liked him, only him, before the war came to a head.
She raked her hand down her face.
It was because she was missing the boys.
That's all.
She liked Ron and he liked her and nothing else mattered.
She bit her lip.
Then shook her head.
Armed with a steely resolve, she stubbornly shut all thoughts of weird, perspective-altering dreams and heart-stuttering conversations out of her mind, pulled herself out of bed, and set herself to her horcrux studies.
The day had come and gone, uneventfully, with Hermione only coming out for breakfast and bathroom breaks.
She felt absolutely useless with no new information on the horcruxes and no way to contact or find the boys without risking Voldemort finding them.
She felt like crying, but all she could do was dig her nails into her palms, grit her teeth and carry on.
She didn't even realize it had gotten dark until Ginny lightly tapped on the closed door.
"Hermione?"
Her voice was muffled by the worn wood.
"Can I come in?"
Hermione nodded, not taking her eyes from her book.
"I can't hear nodding," Ginny said, a smile evident in her voice.
In spite of her somber mood, Hermione laughed at how well the younger witch knew her.
"Yes, Gin, of course you can come in, this is your bedroom."
The door creaked open.
"It's really late, I think you ought to get some rest."
Ginny placed a hand on Hermione's shoulder.
Hermione pulled her lower lip between her teeth and chewed at a piece of loose skin, still not looking up from her place in the book.
Ginny cleared her throat and she finally glanced up at her.
"I know, I'm almost finished with this section," she promised.
"What are you even looking for?"
Ginny leaned over Hermione's shoulder.
"Soulmates and the Science of Romance."
She chuckled.
"Trying to spice up your love life?"
Hermione gave the Weasley girl a pointed glance and snapped the book closed.
"I'm just interested in the idea of soulmates, that's all."
It wasn't a lie.
She'd often wondered if there was one person meant for everyone in the world.
She wasn't really keen on the idea, however.
Truthfully, she was trying to find anything that had to do with soul-splitting, in hopes she could find a way to locate the other horcruxes.
If she couldn't help the boys find them, she could at least try to hunt them down herself.
Ginny thought for a moment, but seemed placated by her answer.
"Well, I'm going to go to bed."
The witch hesitated as she stepped away.
"Will you lay with me 'til I fall asleep?"
She spoke quietly, as if embarrassed to ask.
Hermione gave her a soft smile.
"Of course I will."
She climbed into Ginny's bed next to her and stroked her smooth, red hair until her breaths were deep and even.
Hermione understood Ginny's desire for companionship and was glad to provide it.
Glancing at the peaceful features of the slumbering witch beside her, she felt her heart soften with sisterly affection.
Hermione wished she was as strong as Ginny.
Unafraid to express her emotions.
Unafraid to be human.
She silently cursed herself for being so closed off for so long.
She tried once more to get tears to fall, but her dam held, strong as ever.
Frustration and anger sat where sadness should be.
And worry.
Always worry.
She stole another glance at Ginny and carefully slid away into her own bed.
She screwed her eyes shut and willed her racing mind to slow down.
But still it ran.
She wasn't sure how long she laid there.
The moon was high and full when she opened her eyes.
Her forehead was slick with sweat and hair clung to her face.
She dug her fingers into her palms in aggravation and felt the skin snap under her fingernails.
She shot a bitter stare at the moon that kept burning through her eyelids every time she closed her eyes.
Every breath felt like it might crack her ribs, but she still couldn't force enough air into her lungs.
Finally, she gave up and climbed out of bed with an exasperated sigh.
Grabbing her wand, she once again pushed light into a weak Lumos and snuck downstairs.
She ignored her disappointment when she saw she was alone in the kitchen and pulled herself up to sit on the counter and gaze out of the window.
That was how Fred found her.
Studying the stars, head leaned against the glass.
"Mind if I join you?"
He chuckled when she jumped, but his teasing words got caught in his throat at the lazy smile that spread slowly across her face.
She tilted her head at him.
"Couldn't sleep?"
Her voice was soft and warmed his skin.
He cleared his throat.
"As usual, I guess," he said, shrugging sheepishly.
"You wanna...?"
He gestured to the door with his chin and raised an eyebrow.
Her smile widened as she nodded and he could've sworn he felt his heart skip a beat.
She flinched guiltily when her heart fluttered at the sound of his voice.
But she couldn't repress the smile that spread to her cheeks when she turned to look at him.
"Couldn't sleep?"
she asked.
When she was in year five, she was best friends with a little boy named Nicholas.
They always played together on the playground and one day they were playing knights and princesses.
He'd insisted on being her knight ("But Nicholas," she'd huffed, "girls can be knights too!")
and held her hand as they ran from the dragon who was chasing them from the castle.
That night, she'd dreamt of them getting married and the next two weeks, she couldn't meet his eyes without blushing.
But eventually, he was just Nicholas again.
She figured that's what was happening with Fred.
She didn't need to feel guilty for a teeny-tiny crush that had resulted from a weird dream.
Fred cleared his throat.
"As usual, I guess."
He shrugged and looked down at his feet.
She studied his face.
A beat of silence passed before he looked back up.
"You wanna...?"
He pointed his chin towards the door and she felt her smile grow wider.
She tried not to nod too eagerly.
She stretched a hand out to him and he picked his way through the dark kitchen to help her down.
He frowned at her proffered hand and took a deep breath.
She was about to ask him what was wrong with her hand when suddenly his strong hands were at her hips.
She couldn't hold back her surprised gasp and gripped his shoulders to keep herself from falling against his chest as he gently lifted her off the counter and placed her on the ground.
She looked up into his eyes and felt her neck flush when he smiled down at her with twinkling eyes before stepping away.
Cold air replaced his touch and she found herself wishing he'd stayed a moment more.
He offered her his arm, much like she'd done to him the night before.
She warmed at the memory.
He led her to the door and they walked out into the brisk autumn air togethe.
ver the next couple weeks, Hermione found herself simply wanting to be in Fred's presence.
Although they had never spent much time together before, something about him calmed her frazzled nerves.
During the day when she got overwhelmed thinking about Harry and Ron, he would steal her away to show her some of his and George's newest inventions (and get her input) or he'd distract everyone long enough for her to slip away unnoticed for awhile.
They often met in the kitchen in the middle of the night (purely coincidental, she assured herself—it's not like she went downstairs hoping he'd be there) and walked together through the garden as they had the first two nights.
Sometimes they had a lot to say and sometimes they had nothing.
But either way, she always found she could sleep better afterwards.
Before heading to bed, she always told herself she would sleep through the night and stay in Ginny's room.
That their midnight escapades weren't healthy.
She often let guilt tie her to the mattress for the first few hours of the night.
But the walls would begin to close in on her as they always did and she'd sneak away to the kitchen to meet the one person who could distract her from the constant roaring of her negative emotions.
That was where she found herself again tonight, with Fred laying on the table staring up at the ceiling, which was bewitched to look like a starry sky.
His playfulness often made her forget that he really was an excellent wizard.
Hermione felt her eyes light up as she walked towards him.
"It's just like at Hogwarts!"
she whispered, excitedly.
Fred raised his head and smiled at her.
"Finite incantatem."
He waved his wand and sat up to look at Hermione.
"Ready?"
he asked, gesturing to the door.
There was never any awkward back and forth anymore- they had fallen into a comfortable routine that soothed her aching soul.
"I would've liked to stay and look at the sky," she responded, slightly disappointed.
"There's a much better one outside," he assured, grinning.
He held his hand out to her.
There was no longer any hesitation when she grabbed it.
She trailed behind him and he led her through the garden they always walked through and past the fallen tree they always sat on.
"Where are we going?"
"Somewhere new!"
He glanced over his shoulder at her and winked.
She felt herself grinning from ear to ear and her smile widened when he nearly tripped over a large rock.
"Eyes forward!"
she laughed.
"You're going to send us both sprawling if you don't pay attention."
"Then stop distracting me," he retorted, his smile audible in his voice.
She rolled her eyes playfully as he righted himself.
"I'm hardly distracting you."
"You just look so lovely as a redhead," he said, squeezing her hand.
She laughed again, remembering how many boxes of hair dye it had taken for Ginny to get the dye to stay in her hair.
"Just a little further now."
Fred began to move faster and Hermione had to double her pace to match his.
After a few minutes, he stopped in an unfamiliar clearing.
Hermione looked around in awe.
There were lights suspended from the trees and fall and winter blooms swayed gently in the cool night air.
"Is this for me?"
"Of course."
"It's beautiful," she murmured.
He watched her intently as she soaked in her surroundings.
"It really is."
He held her gaze when she turned to look at him.
His heart squeezed when she gave him a small smile.
"Thank you," she whispered.
"There is one more part to this," he said.
He grinned when her eyes widened and he pulled her towards the center of the field, where he'd laid out a blanket and a stack of books he'd picked out for her from a muggle bookstore in town.
They sat down and he plucked a book off the top of the pile.
"I don't know exactly what you like to read, but the lady who worked there said girls like poetry, so I got you a whole bunch.
I've always been dense about poetry, but I liked this American bloke, Robert Frost, so I got you a ton of his stuff."
"That's quite surprising!"
Fred fought off the embarrassed blush that threatened to stain his face.
"I know I'm not as smart as you, but I really thought you'd like it," he said, hurt.
"I'm sorry—" Hermione laughed warmly.
"No Fred, that's not what I meant.
He is typically very serious and his work is full of cut-and-dry imagery.
I'm surprised you liked his stuff."
"Oh," he said, dumbly.
She laughed again and shook her head.
"Do you have a favorite?"
"Actually, I do."
He craned his neck to look at the book spines and picked one from the center.
"This one was very nice and simple… Do you… want me to read it to you?"
She grinned widely and nodded.
Crossing her legs, she rested her chin in her hands and set her arms on her knees.
She watched Fred attentively as he leafed through the book.
"The Rose Family, by Robert Frost," he began in a mock-serious voice.
She smacked his arm.
"Read it right!"
He chuckled, but obliged: The rose is a rose, And was always a rose.
But the theory now goes That the apple's a rose, And the pear is, and so's The plum I suppose.
The dear only knows What will next prove a rose.
You, of course, are a rose – But were always a rose.
He glanced up at her and finished the last lines looking into her eyes.
She felt her heart flutter in her chest and her mind go cloudy.
He smiled shyly.
"How was that?"
Hermione set her hands on the ground next to her and let her gaze fall into her lap.
She looked up at him through her eyelashes and saw him watching expectantly.
Reaching out slowly, she took the book from his hands and set it to the side.
And she had no idea why, but she really needed to touch him.
So, she leaned into him and wrapped her arms around his torso, burying her face in the crook of his neck.
"It was quite charming," she whispered against his skin.
She just hoped he couldn't feel her heart slamming against her ribcage or hear the nervous waver in her voice.
After a moment, she felt his arms snake around her back.
"I'm glad you liked it," he murmured back.
He sighed in disappointment when she pulled away.
He looked over to her where she was now wringing her hands in her lap.
"I just know you've been down as of late and I wanted to do something nice for you, but we can go back if you'd like."
He paused for an answer, but received none.
"Do you want to go back?"
he asked, trying to keep the sadness out of his voice.
He was sure he'd ruined it.
Although he knew she'd never feel the same way about him (and he wasn't sure he'd let anything happen even if she did) because of her feelings for Ron, he'd really enjoyed the past few weeks they'd spent in this little bubble.
He could smack himself for spoiling it by getting too attached and doing something that could be perceived as too friendly- intimate, even.
But he swore that if she wanted to leave, he'd walk her back and leave her alone from now on.
So his heart soared when she quietly replied, "No, not yet."
It was her who now offered him a shy smile.
She sat back to lay flat on the blanket and stared up at the sky.
He waved his wand to extinguish the majority of the lanterns and lay gently next to her.
"Do you think the boys are okay?"
she asked suddenly.
His eyebrows shot up on his face and he turned to face her and found that her eyes were closed.
He'd learned, in the past couple weeks, that she always closed her eyes when she talked about serious things.
He looked back up and closed his eyes as well.
"I hope so," he began.
"Though I'm sure they would be doing much better if you were with them."
"If—when, they get back, do you think everyone expects us to get together?"
she asked.
"Me and Ron, I mean," she clarified hastily, as if he didn't already know that's who she was talking about.
He wanted to tell her that, yes, everyone expected that, but that she should be with someone who valued her for everything she was.
Someone who wasn't only kind to her after they hurt her feelings.
Someone like him.
Instead he said: "How would you feel if they did?"
She sighed a deep sigh.
"I don't know.
Before, I was sure he was what I wanted.
How perfect would it be for two best friends to end up together?
But…" she hesitated.
"I know he's my brother, but he's a bloody git.
You can tell me."
She laughed joylessly.
"Sometimes I feel like that's the whole reason he even likes me.
If he even really does like me, I mean.
He thinks that's what everyone expects and it would be so easy, because I'm already a part of the family.
But I don't want that," she finished.
"What do you want?"
he asked, opening his eyes and turning his head to look at her.
She let her head fall and met his gaze.
"I don't know anymore," she replied honestly.
She sighed again and faced upwards.
His heart skipped a beat when he felt her hand seeking out his own and butterflies crowded his stomach when she scooted closer to him and rested her head on his shoulder.
He mustered the courage to place a soft kiss on the top of her head and smiled when she sighed contentedly.
They lay for a tranquil moment before she gasped, causing him to jump.
"Look!
Shooting star!"
she said, excitedly.
"Make a wish!"
"What?"
He wrinkled his nose in confusion.
"It's a muggle tradition.
You see a falling star, you make a wish."
She shrugged.
"It's okay, it's gone now.
Next time."
"What'd you wish for?"
he asked.
"Well, I can't very well tell you, otherwise it won't come true."
"Well, that's the dumbest thing I've ever heard of," he laughed.
She waved dismissively.
"It's fun, you just don't get it."
"Maybe someday," he chuckled.
"Mmm," she hummed in response.
"Maybe…" She sat upright in Ginny's bed, leaning against the wall.
After seeing the shooting star, they stayed for a while more before Fred suggested it was time for them to go back.
He packed up the blanket and books and left the rest.
"I'll come back for it in the morning," he assured her when she argued that he needed to grab it all.
They walked hand-in-hand in near silence.
It's just so I don't fall, she told herself.
When they reached the door, she had stretched to kiss him on the cheek.
It's just because he's been so sweet to me lately.
She had been pleasantly surprised by what he'd set up and, though she'd never been a huge fan of poetry (Too many metaphors, just say what you mean!
), she knew she would read the books he got her.
If only so his money doesn't go to waste.
"What'd you wish for?"
he had asked.
She'd wished he'd kiss her.
But she wasn't sure why she wanted that.
She just knew, in that moment, she'd wanted it more than she'd ever wanted anything else.
And that scared her.
A/N: I actually love poetry and Robert Frost is my favorite.
I'll probably include one or two poems as a motif.
Also school just started back for me so with both my jobs & a full course load, updates will be slow, but they're coming!
A/N 2: Sorry its been so long!
I added a chapter before this one and updated this one, so hopefully it flows a little better.
