Harry Potter faced Voldermort for which was obviously, the last time.
All of the Dark Lord's horcruxes were defeated.
Bellatrix was dead, beaten by Molly.
Most of the Deatheaters were either dead, knocked out, tied up or had defected.
Everybody was surrounding the two duelers.
Ron was with his mother and Hermione Granger was behind Voldermort.
Harry had just revealed how powerless Voldermort really was and how the Elder wand was truly his and that the wand will not go against its true owner.
Voldermort's ire rose with the sun.
"AVADA KEDAVRA!"
"EXPELLIARMUS!"
There was a blast from the impact of the spells.
Golden flames roared to the ceiling,marking the center of the circle they made between them.
Then it happened so fast.
What Harry said was right, the wand did not go against its own true master.
The disarming spell overpowered the killing curse, sending the Elder wand through the air and the killing curse rebounded to Voldermort.
Just like that, Tom Marvolo Riddle, The Dark Lord, Voldermort was defeated.
Defeated by a seventeen year old, half-blood boy.
The remaining Deatheaters watched in amazement and embarrassment as they saw the crumpled figure of their "great" Lord on the ground.
There was a moment of disbelieving silence.
Then there was an uproar of cheers.
Hermione ran to Harry first and embraced him tightly around his middle.
"You did it Harry!
You defeated Voldermort!
You saved us all!"
Harry looked down on the petite, bushy haired brunette witch who had tear streaks going down her heart shaped face.
He pried her off him and his green eyes stared gently into her golden brown eyes.
"No Hermione.
We did it.
Together."
Hermione smiled up at the tall, glasses wearing wizard with the lightning bolt scar and perpetually messy black hair.
He was her best friend, her confidante, her - her everything.
And it went both ways.
"Of course we did it.
We're the bloody golden trio.
Of course we did it.
With you being the chosen one and all, Hermione being the smartest witch of her age and my awesomeness, it was bound to bloody happen.
The lightside will always win, and those on the other side will always lose," the blue eyed red head said with self-righteous conviction in his voice.
The tall ginger had interrupted their moment, as per usual.
He was the youngest Weasley boy and the last third of the Golden Trio.
The crowd was storming to touch their saviour and his friends.
Ron was revelling in the praise while Hermione and Harry both felt awkward and invaded.
Peeves was flying over head sing a ballad about Harry Potter and how he defeated the Dark Lord, whom he called Moldermort.
"Come on," Harry said, " I have something to show you."
"How are we supposed to leave here?
Everyone's eyes are on us" Hermione enquired "Leave that up to me" the dreamy voice of Luna interjected, "I'll distract them all.
Look, a Blibbering Humdinger" Everyone turned to see the direction she had pointed it at.
She turned to face Harry.
She smiled, the sun shining off of her grimy face.
Something clicked in Harry's mind right there and then, while he watched Luna.
"Go" she said, making shooing motions with her hands Harry nodded his head, appreciably.
He turned on his heel, Hermione and Ron in tow.
...888...
The trio left the Great Hall and all the celebration and its celebrants, the dead and their mourners.
Only one person was not in a celebratory mood, nor was he mourning, exactly.
The blond with the sad, soulful grey eyes was staring after the trio.
More accurately, in his watchful opine, the Gryffindor duo and it's lackey.
The Slytherin ran a pale hand through his hair.
Something was wrong, he just didn't know what.
How could the Voldermort be killed by a disarming spell.
Granted the Dark Bastard was going to kill him if he had beaten Potter and he could care less what happened to the hypocritical leader and the fools that followed him, though he was one of those fools, a forced fool, yet still a fool, none the less.
But there was something wrong with how it happened.
Why did the old hypocrite just stand there?
Why didn't he move?
And what was that extra light?
Yes, that third extra light that signalled a spell.
But what was that spell.
It was weak, barely seen.
He only saw it because of his keen eye.
It could've easily been a badly aimed spell, but, his gut told, him differently.
And it led him to the main duo of the trio, two of the most famous people in the Wizarding World, Harry Bloody Saint Potter, the "Chosen One", and Hermione Granger the '' Brightest Witch of her Age''.
They were going somewhere with the oaf, their friend, Ron.
It seemed really important because Potter kept fixing and readjusting his glasses and touching his scar every once in a while like he usually does when he's anxious or nervous.
Hermione was also nervous.
She seemed agitated about something because she kept biting her perfect pink lips and she was holding tightly to Harry's hand keeping close to him.
'At least it wasn't the weasel,' Draco thought venomously.
He disliked Ron with an unnatural passion.
The weasel rode off of their fame, in Draco's opinion.
He was just ignorant to everything around him.
He was just walking behind the duo, soaking up praises he didn't deserve, oblivious to the tension radiating from his two friends.
Draco knew he had to follow them, to find out what was up, if not at least to thank Harry and Hermione for saving him.
He knew if it wasn't for them, he would be dead.
He knew that he needed to do this before the Auroras came for his family.
But how? "
Draco, honey?"
"Yes mum?"
Draco answered, coming out of his thoughts.
"Are you ok?
You've been staring into space for awhile, do you need fresh air?"
There it was.
His ticket for escape.
"Yeah.
I think need to think and process what has happened.
I-its j-just so much-" "Oh honey.
I know.
I know.
Why don't you take a walk and clear your head.
But don't go too far.
The ministry is coming and you don't want it to look as though you have run away."
Draco was smirking in his head.
It worked!
Now he can follow the Golden Trio.
"I won't go far.
I'd rather not draw unnecessary suspicion to myself."
He was right.
It wouldn't be in his favour if he were to run off.
He got up and went in the direction he last saw them.
...888... "You can not be serious!"
"What do you mean Ronald?
You have seen for yourself how much trouble it has caused!"
"But what about its power?
-" "But what?
Power is the reason all of this happened.
If it were up to me, I'd break it.
This way is better."
"Ronald Weasley," the belligerent voice of their former Headmaster rattled through his painting, "You should listen to Miss Granger, power is an evil thing when left in the hands of people who can't control it.
Even if you don't agree with her, you should respect Mr Potter's decision.
One should never have all that power."
Ron looked down at the floor, ashamed of himself.
He knew they were right of course, but he couldn't understand the waste of the Elder Wand.
If Harry didn't want it he shouldn't leave it to rot with a corpse.
He should give it to someone reliable, trustworthy, incredible, smart.
Someone who he knew for a long time.
Someone that has been loyal to him.
Never left his side, even when the times were rough.
Someone like ... him.
Ronald Weasley.
"I'm going back to the hall.
I think mum needs me" he exited the Headmaster's room.
Hermione was boring holes into the ginger's head with her eyes as he left.
How dare he.
Does he know how idiotic he sounds?
She was fuming.
Harry placed his hand on her shoulder.
"Mione, we know he acts like a git but he means well.
Cheer up" She turned around and hugged him.
"I know Harry.
I just can't believe he doesn't understand how much trouble it brings and that this is for the best."
There was a pause.
"Honestly, just give him some time.
He'll come around eventually.
You know how he is at times" Hermione giggled at Harry's words.
She slowly began to release him when the door began to creak.
Hermione turned around and Harry looked up, both expecting to see red hair and blue eyes.
Instead they saw platinum blonde hair and deep silver eyes that glinted with remorse and guilt.
"I hope I am not interrupting anything important."
"Malfoy," Hermione began.
"What are you doing here?"
Harry finished.
If it wasn't for the tense atmosphere, the guilt on his chest and other things, Draco would have laughed at how the Golden Duo finished each other's sentences. "
I," he suddenly looked down at the floor', "I came to say I'm sorry " he mumbled the last word.
"You're what?"
Hermione asked incredulously, eyeing the blond Slytherin.
"I am sorry right.
I apologize."
He began frantically stalking back and forth across the room.
"I know I should've never taken the Dark Mark, but you must understand.
I did it for my father and mother.
Everything I have ever done was for them.
Every time I called you names, I did it for my father's attention.
Something I never had, something I craved.
When the opportunity came up to really prove to my father that I was worthy enough to be his son, I grabbed at it!
At first I didn't know what the Mark entailed, I-I was proud of it!
My father was proud of me!
But then I saw what it really meant to be a Deatheater when I was tasked with killing the headmaster."
Draco didn't know the sight he made in the office.
Every portrait was as still as a muggle one.
They were hanging on to every word that came out of his mouth.
Harry and Hermione just stood there.
They knew he went through a lot but they didn't know how much.
"I wanted to come out, I really did, but you just don't leave Voldermort.
He threatened my mother!
My only parent that cared for me.
Not even my father cared, he said I was coming close to being dis-inherited if I didn't do the "right things" for The Wizarding World.
What was right by Purebloods."
He felt arms encircle around him in an embrace he was not expecting.
He also felt an arm on his shoulder.
He looked up and saw the golden duo.
Harry had placed a reassuring arm on Draco's shoulder while Hermione hugged his torso.
He felt the tears coming and hugged her back.
They just stood there.
The picture of forgiveness, regret and acceptance.
What felt like an eternity lasted only a moment.
Finally, he pulled away and wiped his eyes with his sleeve.
"Draco, I, that is, we forgive you" "And we're sorry," Harry ended.
Draco nodded.
"You know what this has taught me.
It thought me who my true friends were and who actually cared for me."
He gave a short bitter laugh.
"I deserve Azkaban" "No you don't.
You deserve freedom.
During the battle you changed sides.
You openly defied your father and the Dark Lord in front of both has to account for something.
Harry and I will even stand in your defense in front of the Wizengamot if need be.
Right Harry?"
"Yes Hermione, we will.
Because he at least deserves a chance to remake his family name.
I will even stand for his mother.
She saved my life in the Forbidden Forrest by lying to Voldermort."
Draco gently removed himself from their grasps and began to walk to the door.
When he reached it he stopped .
"I have to go back, lest they taught I might have ran away."
He started to leave once again but stopped.
The second time and turned around.
"Thank you" "For what?"
Harry inquired.
"Saying that we will defend you if you must stand trial?"
Hermione asked.
"No, for simply giving me a second chance" With that he finally left.
Silence rang in the room for a minute.
Then Albus Dumbledore's voice rang out from his portrait.
"There is a boy that has undertaken a great many trials.
Though he may have walked the wrong path, not to his own accord, but under terrible guidance, he has finally began to steer his life.
Harry, Hermione try and be there so that he may not go back down that dark road.
I see a great light in him and a great mind.
He will need the strength of friends on his redemption journey."
Harry and Hermione looked at each other.
She gave him a rueful smile and offered her petite hand to him.
She pushed a strand of her unruly brown curls behind her ear.
"Shall we go into the suffocating mass of overjoyed people waiting to ambush us?"
"Indeed we shall, Mione."
Harry eyes twinkled and smileld.
"Wait, let's first go to the Chamber of Secrets and make sure that the people Ron and I stunned are still there" "Maybe we could see if I still have my Parsletongue"There was smoke in the air.
It was suffocating yet relaxing.
Like the smoke from a cigarette, clogging your lungs, slowly killing you all the while given you that temporary relief that doesn't last too long.
Platform 9 3/4 was filled with excited but strained chatter.
The platform itself wasn't as full as students as it usually was in the past years.
Maybe it was due to there only being the returning eight years and the seventh years, whom were few and far between, there at the time.
They were asked to come two weeks before the rest of the school to settle in and become adjusted with each other and the school's new changes.
There were twenty returning eight years in all.
There were five people from each house.
The seventh years that decided to return were numbered at a measly nine ; two from Slytherin, one from Hufflepuff, three Gryffindors, and three Ravenclaws.
Everyone stood talking to the ones they knew in separate groups, standing in their metaphorical corners.
Two groups were yet to arrive to the train station.
As coincidence would have it these two groups walked onto the platform at exactly the same time.
These two groups were known throughout Hogwarts for there rivalry.
It was expected from them, in all honesty.
They were from the two rival houses.
But, there was something different about this rivalry other than it being the regular Slytherin vs Gryffindor nonsense.
It ran a bit deeper than that.
So it was a surprise when the groups bumped into each other and said not a word.
Who could blame them seeing that they were both the subjects of each other's heated conversations prior to this situation .
...888... A head of brown bouncy curls shook vigorously in disbelief , an emerald eyed teenager hung his head, knowing that the freckled boy who was currently speaking was being daft.
Said boy was stuffing his face with sweets with his girlfriend who wore a bandana in her hair in the shape of a bow hanging off of his arm.
He was currently explaining all the reasons why a certain group should not have been allowed to come back to school and should have been locked up, especially a platinum blonde ferret.
"They are bloody Deatheaters!
Their parents were evil,so they must be evil!
They deserve to rot in Azkaban," he said snootily His seemingly daft girlfriend nodded her head in agreement.
His red haired sister was standing close to the green eyed teenager and had her hand on the brown haired girl as though to anchor the brown headed girl from heading someone.
She rolled her eyes at her gluttonous older brother and looked into the eyes of her ex boyfriend, pleading with him to make her brother be quiet.
The girl with the curly brown hair rounded on the freckled boy that used to be her boyfriend with a vengeance while continuing to walk.
She was facing her little group, walking backwards.
She tore into him, defending that particular group, especially the platinum blonde ferret.
Her rich chocolate brown eyes eyes held a hellish fire that was only seen when she dueled one of her foes.
This made the freckled boy and his previously giggling girlfriend shut up.
...888... Now in the other group, a similar discussion was going on.
The afore mentioned platinum haired ferret was trying to convince his friends to man up, and in some cases woman up.
He was facing his dark skinned Italian best friend who was adamantly stating it wasn't the time as yet.
The black haired girl next to him was in agreement.
In her mind, she knew that the group they were discussing will never understand, hell, even believe them.
To her right was a tall boy.
He walked in silent contemplation with them.
At the moment he sat on the fence, choosing not to take sides.
He was alone in this endeavor.
He knew the platinum blonde ferret claimed that it worked because he tried it, and he knew it was the right thing to do, yet, he wasn't to sure what to think.
The platinum blonde ferret knew that they would have to see to believe, and he told them just that while turning around.
As he faced forward his body collided with a shorter one which he caught on reflex.
Both groups tensed, not knowing what would happen.
...888... A moment passed and Draco was still holding Hermione.
She stared into his silver eyes with her own brown eyes.
Both groups stood with bated breath, eyes glued to the expected explosion.
Well, all except Harry who was struggling to keep his smile from showing.
All of a sudden, Hermione rushes in and hugs Draco around the waist.
Draco, to their surprise returned the act, bringing the young witch further in to his grasp.
"Bloody hell," Ron whispered in disbelief.
Just as quick, Hermione pulled away from the tall wizard.
Her faced wore a small scowl directed at Draco.
"Draco Lucius Abraxas Constantine Malfoy," she began, everyone winced on hearing her saying what they assumed was his full name, "where were you last night?
You were supposed to be at the celebration party last night.
Harry and I wanted you to be there with us both but you didn't show up!
No owl or anything!
You had-" "Good morning to you too, oh Princess of Gryffindor.
Same to you as well Scarhead."
"Good morning ferret.
Hermione was really upset that you didn't say anything about not coming to the party."
"Of course I was upset, but I wasn't that upset.
Harry is just exaggerating."
Draco rubbed the back of his neck and gave her one of his most charming smiles.
He opened his mouth to give an excuse when he was interrupted by Ginny.
"Not to be rude, but, what exactly is going on here?"
Ginny was so confused as to what was going on before her eyes.
What?
How?
When?
The red hair didn't know what to ask first.
Did she even want the answer?
Of course she did!
Luckily for her, Zabini was thinking along the same lines as her and asked for her.
"What I think the she-Weasley is trying to say is," Blaise began nonchalantly, "What has happened, how has it happened, when has it happened."
He moved his hand in a figure eight motion languidly, "You know, the works."
"Herme, is the party you're speaking about the party at the ministry, or our after party at Grimmauld Place?"
Ginny's bright brown eyes widened, the lightbulb flashed in her eyes as a thought came up, " is he why you were so n-" She didn't finish the thought due to Hermione quickly bespelling her mute, much to Ginny's annoyance.
Blaise seemed to also think of something "Was that party the reason you kept trying to escape mine?
I knew it had to do with a nice piece o-" and thus, Blaise Zabini suffered the same fate as Ginny from the hands of Draco.
Just then, the train whistled, signalling that everyone must get aboard.
Harry spoke up then, "if you want to know how this-" he gestured between Draco, Hermione and himself, "happened let's sit together and we'll tell you"The two groups boarded the train and stood in front of the biggest compartment that the train held.
Which wasn't enough considering that there group consisted of nine people.
The two groups sat on each side of the compartment.
They were the first to board the train.
Not a minute passed and Ron had already began his grumbling.
"Why do we have to be cramped in here with them?"
he whined, " there's hardly any room for us!"
"Yeah Ronnikins," Lavender Browne crooned "Mate, didn't you want an explanation?"
Harry asked confused "Well yeah, but it isn't bloody worth it if I have to sit with bloody Slytherins! "
"We are too good to be cramped in here with them, " Lavender agreed, as per usual "Ronald!"
Ginny shouted at her brother, " stop being such a git!"
He ducked his head in embarrassment at being admonished by his younger sister in front of so much people.
Including those that he could barely stand.
"I'm just saying, if we have to be in such an uncomfortable situation we should at least be physically comfortable.
We could hold this "conversation" when we are in school.
Better yet, they could leave and Malfoy could tell them by himself so we could have this space and you both could explain to us why this is even bloody happening!"
"Why should we leave, Won-Won?"
Pansy said snidely, mocking both Ron and the idiotic nickname his daft girlfriend gave him.
"We have as much right to this room as you do.
Fuck, we entered first, why don't you fucking leave if you have such a problem with us" "How dare you insult my Ronnikins, you cheap tart!"
"If she's a cheap tart, what would that make you, Lavender?," Theo hummed in thought "Since its rumoured that you spread your legs to nearly every guy in all four houses" Theo was counting his points on his fingers,"and everything you wear is either short, tight, slightly see-through, including your uniform and that "outfit" that you're wearing at this point in time.
Additionally you don't get paid.
All the evidence suggests that you are a slut.
And an easy one at that" The entire compartment became quiet.
Everyone was in shock at what the usually quiet Slytherin boy.
Out of all the Slytherins, he never openly antagonized the group.
The expressions throughout the two groups varied.
Pansy looked smug, Theo looked unperturbed seeing that he believed he was stating facts that everyone knew of already.
Ron was angry, but he knew what was being said were facts.
He knew that Lavender had a reputation.
But that's what drew him to her.
He liked knowing that he was with someone who had experience.
And her experience made their escapades very very enjoyable.
So he was actually angry that someone had to bring it up.
She was still his girl.
Lavender was embarrassed that her not so secret was aired for everyone in the compartment.
She never told Ron about her past dalliances.
There was a weird sense of pride to what she had been doing.
She was proud that she was able to entice the majority of the male student body.
Unlike Hermione, she had no problem flaunting her sexuality and that's why she was with Ron and not the know-it-all.
But the way that passable-looking Slytherin twat said it made her look bad.
Draco and Harry were slack jawed.
They knew that Ron was childish and that Lavender had been around, but the extent wasn't exactly known.
Hermione face-palmed, wondering how this went so wrong so fast.
She leaned against the compartment window waiting for the on coming kamikaze explosion.
A piece of her was laughing, though.
By that definition, Blaise was a courtesan.
Or the king's brother who had nothing left to do but romp with many people.
She decided not to delve further, lest she began laughing.
Blaise and Ginny were trying hard not to laugh.
They were currently competing to see who would laugh first.
Didn't take long for the competition to declare a winner it was Blaise.
Ginny laughed first and right after was Blaise.
This is what started the fight in the already cramped space.
...888... Taunts were flying back and forth.
Ron was on his sister saying that she was betraying Gryffindor.
Blaise was trying to defend her an himself.
Lavender and Pansy were at each other's throat.
Every once in a while Theo got involved.
Lavender was crying hysterically, trying to get Ron to defend her.
Harry was playing peace maker.
Draco tried, but his Slytherin loyalty made him throw some barbs at Lavender every once in awhile.
This played out for about five minutes.
After five minutes Hermione grew annoyed at the entirety of the problem.
She grabbed her wand and pointed it at the group.
"AGUAMENTI!"
Water sprayed out of her wand at the group,soaking them to the bone.
The spell had a bit of more power to it so the water stung.
Screams were heard through out the compartment.
She stopped the water.
"Are you done" "How dare y-" The spell was cast again.
She stopped the water.
After ensuring their silence, Hermione raised her wand and performed a complicated wave movement without a word and a gust of hot air blew at the group, drying them to their previous state.
"The hot air charm?"
Draco asked, "It's good, but not as good as mine" Hermione rolled her eyes "Oh yes, I forgot that you don't need a charm since you produce it naturally from your head!"
Draco's face tinged to a barely there pink colour.
He averted his eyes from the brunette in front of him.
Blaise snickered.
"She got you so well" "Shut up, Blaise" Draco stalked across to wear Hermione was standing.
"You have to admit Malfoy, you walked right into that one," Harry pointed out as he came to stand with them.
"So Hermione," Ron began, " who's leaving the compartment" Hermione squinted her eyes at Ron.
"Yeah, Won-Won is right.
Here is too small for everyone."
Everyone in the compartment looked at the couple in disbelief.
The solution was obvious to all of them Hermione decided to answer him.
"Ron, that's why we have magic" Hermione replied while taking out her wand.
"Oh" he said.
"Wait," Lavender piped up, "I thought no one can alter the train using magic because the train is made with old magic?"
She leaned back into the seat with a smug look on her face.
Ron was bolstered by her comment and agreed.
The compartment swirled their head to watch Hermione.
Before she could answer the compartment door opened.
A dirty-blonde haired girl wearing radish earrings entered.
In on hand she was holding the latest issue of the Quibler and the other she had a pair of strange spectacles which she had just taken off "It can be done if you asked the trolley lady," Luna's dreamlike voice drifted through the Room answering their question "Then let's go ask her Luna" Harry offered "There's no reason for that, I asked her already.
Shortly after the train pulled out of the station I came to join you guys to hear about Hermione, Draco and Harry's confessional story of being friends since the Battle of Hogwarts.-" "How did you fucking know before us?!"
Ron interrogated wide-eyed.
How did Looney Lovegood know before him?
Did anyone else know, he wondered "The battle of Hogwarts?"
Blaise enquired.
He, as well as Theodore, were slowly putting together a picture with the evidence from over the summer.
Blaise thought that Draco started fraternising with only Potter in June, after him and Hermione vouched for him on trial.
He know knew he was wrong on both accounts.
Theodore had a similar conclusion but thought it was only Hermione and that it started before Draco's trial.
"Don't interrupt, please.
Anyway I heard the argument and went ask the trolley lady for permission."
Hermione smiled gratefully at Luna but she had a slight flush on her face.
How DID Luna find out?
"This room was filled with Wrackspurts until Hermione hosed you all down you know."
"How did you find out, though?"
Harry asked confused "I saw it with my glasses of course" She shook the glasses at him and looked at him as though he should know how "Not that you bloody loon!
How did you find out about us being friends?"
Draco turned his eyes on to her fully.
Hermione pinched Draco's ear and dragged him to face her.
Nobody knew what they were saying, but it seemed to be very heated.
Harry stepped in front of the arguing pair.
He smiled apologetically at Luna.
He knew that Draco didn't mean anything bad on purpose, but old habits took a while to disregard.
Harry just hoped that Luna understood.
Luckily for him, she did.
"The walls have ears."
She winked at him causing him to blush.
"not really, but the portraits on the wall do and they rather do like to gossip.
I found out that same day" Hermione looked up from her argument with Draco and nodded with understanding towards Luna.
Draco followed suit, rubbing his ear and scowling at the one who injured it and the one that made it happen.
"So we have permission to do the spell then, yeah?"
Harry asked, trying to make sure everything would go smoothly.
"I believe that is what she said Harry," Hermione giggled at her best friend.
Ginny joined Hermione's laughter.
"If we didn't know any better," Ginny started "We might just say you just wanted to hear her voice," Blaise teased, finishing Ginny's thought.
He paused.
"Weaslette, let's endeavor to never do that again, yeah?"
"Agreed," Ginny complied with a nod of her head, "although, great minds do think alike" "True, why don't we team up one of these days, both of our skills combined ..." he let the thought hang in the air Everyone in the cabin shuddered.
Except Hermione and Luna.
Hermione because she knew she was capable of trumping there skills.
Luna because she was staring intently at the green eyed glasses wearing boy.
He felt her stare on him and looked up into her eyes before pulling it away immediately to stare out the window of the still un-moving train "Harry, if you wanted to hear me speak, you could've just asked.
I'm sure we would have a lovely conversation."
She smiled at him, much to his chagrin and the compartments delight.
Harry's blush turned into a darker color.
"Hermione won't you do the spell" Harry said trying to change the topic.
The smile made his heart beat funny and he couldn't understand why.
"Okay Harry," Hermione walked across to the nearest wall and knocked it three times with her wand then whispered a spell at it.
The room immediately expanded and it had more than enough .
It seated the two groups comfortably.
The room was now magically twice its original size.
Hermione dropped herself onto the seat that had appeared in front of the window.
Harry and Draco sat on either side of her.
Luna took a seat next to Ginny.
When everyone made theme comfortable, the train finally pulled off.
"Finally!"
Ron grossed and slumped into his seat, "That was the fucking longest ten minutes ever!"
Hermione ignored him for the most part, but couldn't believe that it was only ten minutes and all this had happened.
She honestly thought it was more, but her watch told her it was 11 o'clock and the train has never pulled off late.
She huffed blowing her bangs off of her forehead.
"I believe we could start this tale now.
What would you like to know?"
Hermione led ...888... Everyone sat in awe at the tale.
All the pieces were fitting together nicely.
Surprisingly, everyone who asked questions did it orderly much to Hemione's delight.
Everyone sat in silence, trying to soak in everything they were told.
It was a lot.
They found out about the day that started everything.
The visits to the garden outside Malfoy manor.
The few group outings they went on secretly, disguised of course.
How even Narcissa Malfoy knew about it.
And not just knew, she accepted and encouraged it.
It would seem she was never truly a believer in blood purity.
She believed there was something inherently different between "purebloods" and muggleborns, but not that one was better than the other.
"Utter poppycock" she had said when Hermione picked her on it.
Hermione, Harry and Draco perused the faces of their friends, looking to glimpse at wha what were going through their heads.
Theodore Nott had a look of surprise on his face.
He couldn't believe Draco had pulled a long con on them.
No wonder he was pushing that forgiveness, tripe.
He had actually more than gotten forgiveness.
He was rubbing elbows with two of the most influential people in Britain of their time.
Maybe...
He was rubbing more than just elbows.
At this he smirked.
He wasn't the only one who came to that same conclusion.
Ginny snickered, " so, you three have been spending time together, huh?"
"Yes, mostly at his pool house, Grimmauld place and my parents old house in London."
Hermione answered, not getting where they were coming from.
"Alone, yeah?"
Blaise joined in.
He understood perfectly what Ginny was getting at.
"Yes, alone, for the most part" Draco responded.
He was eyeing the red head and the Italian critically.
He hoped to Salazar that they weren't get at what he thought he was getting at.
"Harry, I'm surprised."
"I'm surprised as well Granger."
Harry looked confused.
The whole conversation was flying over his head.
Hermione started to see where they were going with their line of questions.
She narrowed her eyes at them.
"What's so shocking?"
Harry questioned.
Ginny scratched the bridge of her nose in an attempt to hide her growing smirk.
"I'm just surprised, that's all, and maybe a tad bit jealous.
When I used to ask for it you told me that there was no way in hell you would ever do it."
Ginny said in an earnest voice with a fake pout.
Blaise looked up at Ginny, "who did you have in my mind?"
"Hermione of course.
Have you seen her body?"
Blaise turned appreciative eyes at the bushy haired brunette.
His eyes travelled up and down her body, but he kept looking away for some unfathomable reason.
He could make out that she had a body but not much other than didn't need to look, though He didn't need to look, though He didn't need to look, though He didn't need to look, though He didn't need to look, though It would seem she was still using that bloody charm on her clothes.
Bloody minx hardly ever changed.
He decided not to mention it, at least.
He didn't need to actually look at her body , though.
He had to "talk" to her.
He continued talking to the intriguing red head while constantly looking at Hermione.
He knew it, the charm was there.
"Makes sense."
Ron was turning red at hearing with the conversation was heading.
He decided to put a stop to it the only way he knew how.
"Oi, get that bloody thought out of your head.
They would never do that.
Especially Hermione.
The ferret maybe."
"What do you mean especially me.
What exactly are you people speaking about?"
"Hermi, dear," Ginny looked her best girlfriend right in her eye and continued non-chalantly, "we are obviously speaking about Harry, Draco and you having a menage a trois" Blaise was nodding, to show that he was on the same page as Ginny.
"Hmm" Pansy finally spoke since the revelation, " I never pegged her as the kinky type" Harry and Hermione turned beet red.
Harry rubbed at his scar unconsciously.
Draco was annoyed.
"Why are you so surprised about them, what about me?"
Blaise looked into his best friend face blankly.
"Mate, we all know that other than being called a Slytherin Prince, you also known as one of the Slytherin sex gods to everyone."
"Draco, if I'm a cheap tart and Brown's a slut, that would make you a high class jigglo, along with Blaise an to a lesser extent Theo."
"Hey!"
Draco fumed and folded his arms to look anywhere else other than his traitorous friends.
"Well it's a good thing that it didn't happen and at least Harry and Hermione aren't kinky, I think."
Everybody was laughing.
Hermione gave a nervous laugh and rubbed the back of her neck "Yeah" Her voice was lost in the cacophony of sound.
She darted her eyes to look at Luna whom was already watching her and laughing.
She turned a darker shade of red.
She felt eyes looking at her, so she looked up.
Only to change course.
It was Blaise.
He was laughing like everyone else but his eyes had a message.
We need to talk.
"I like you Red, we should team up."
"That sounds like a great idea.
But I do think we should reintroduce ourselves.
I am Ginerva Weasley, youngest Weasley, Gryffindor Princess and a great spell caster" "Blaise Zabini, Slytherin Prince, devious prankster and," he kissed her hand, "Sex God" he winked at her.
"Oh aren't you a flirt" "Get away from my sister, you bloody Slytherin!"
"Be quiet Ron!"
She sent her famous hex at him.
It hit its mark and splattered onto Lavender.
She screamed in disgust as she jumped up and down.
Hermione laughed but quickly turned it into a cough.
Ginny was proud of her handiwork.
Lavender turned livid eyes onto the youngest Weasley before watching her boyfriend who was also trying not to laugh.
"Control your sister, Ronald" and she stormed out of the compartment Ron rounded his sister,"The fuck, Ginny!"
He stepped out the compartment, "Lavender, wait" he took of after her.
Ginny couldn't give a rat's arse as she talked to her new found partner in crime that now sat with her scheming.
Let her brother run after the bint, it had little to do with her.
Hermione closed her eyes for a second before checking her watch.
Only... She started at her watch in disbelief.
Only two and a half hours had passed since the train left the station.
That meant there was still four and a half more hours until they came off the train.
And then the half our long ride in carriages led by thestrals.
This is going to be a long journey.
At least it wasn't the hour and a half long boat ride they took in their First Year at Hogwarts.
She settled back and played her head on Draco's shoulder, and began speaking with Luna, who now sat next to her since Harry decided to start a conversation with Nott and Draco spoke to Pansy.
He didn't seem to care about the newly added weight to his shoulder, which didn't escape the notice Blaise and Ginny.
A devious smile pulled at their faces as they began to formulate their first pla.
he carriage brought the group to the entrance of hogwarts.
It was still light outside, even though it was about 6:30 in the evening.
They were in the last carriage, pulled by the threstals that everyone could see now.
It wasn't anything new for Harry nor Luna, but it still shocked everyone to actually see the terrifyingly beautiful beast.
The carriage door opened and Harry was the first one out, stumbling.
His uniform was in a mess and his glasses were a bit crooked.
He looked just as disheveled as his classmates who followed him.
Harry looked up to the sky.
"Finally!"
Hermione had come out second to last, her shiny head girl badge pointed in the sun with pride.
Ron came out sometime before her and was sulking while his girlfriend was trying to comfort him.
She was tenderly touching his touching his left check that was recently abused.
Behind her, the reason for that offense finally exited the carriage.
His own head boy badge was glinting in the sun.
It could not overscore the pride on his face.
Draco was rubbing his right fist.
"That was quite a way to congratulate me, Weasel."
"Oh be quiet, Draco."
She shoved him a bit roughly, she was more than a bit pissed.
They weren't even properly in school and they were fighting.
How was this house unity that her Hogwarts Letter told her to promote going to work if her friend is attacking the head boy from their rival house!
This was going to be a long two weeks before the other students came to buffer the interactions like the fight before.
"Come on Granger, the weasel started it.
I just ended it" "By punching him extremely hard in the cheek!"
Her voice raised slightly " He hit first me first!
Remember that?"
His voice raised slightly above her own, as though to out do her, unconsciously.
Hermione heard a few chuckles coming from behind her.
She turned angry eyes at the offenders.
Unsurprisingly it was the new trouble making duo, Blaise and Ginny.
Harry laughing but he quickly turned it into a cough.
Ron and Lavender were a bit far from the group, caught up in each other.
Pansy was confused and Theo was nonplussed.
Luna looked at her with that knowing smirk which enraged her more.
"You know he's right, yeah?
At that the same time he's also wro-" "SHUT UP BLAISE!"
Blaise shut up with a click.
A thought ran through Harry and Theodore's minds, they realized that Hermione said 'Blaise' instead of Zabini.
It flickered in Draco's head for a bit, but he quickly pushed it in the back of his head.
"So what if he hits you first?
You-" "So what?"
His voice was nearly a whisper before it raised again, "Merlin damnit Hermione!"
That, that got Hermione's attention.
Draco never called her by her given name, either by her last name or some nickname like lioness, princess and the most recent one, nymph.
The last one rubbed her the wrong and worst way.
But she would never tell him why, oh not to do it.
He never listened though.
Draco continued.
"So what?
Would you rather if I had just sat there like an idiot and just take it?!"
"No, I don't," she said dejected, the energy from before leaving her.
She hung her head.
She saw Draco's feet move away from her.
She didn't think straight.
She wasn't thinking straight and she knew why, but she decided to suppress it.
Know was not the time.
She didn't see Draco rake his hands through his blond hair as he began to cool down.
She didn't see that the carriage mates each had a slight look of concern on their faces.
All except Lavender, who was happy to see the know it all sad or upset,and Harry, who was privy to serious arguments between them before, including on this topic.
This wasn't anything close compared to those.
He knew Draco was going to crack first, he nearly always did.
He looked away from them to Ginny.
She sported a concerned look on her face.
She looked up at him.
"Aren't you worried?"
"Nope" "Why not, Potter?
This seems rather bad" Blaise chimed in "I got to agree.
Draco could be a right bitch when he gets all worked up" pansy was looking at her nails but the concern was in her voice.
"Bollocks!
This is nothing, I swear."
At the same time, Draco had just turned to watch Hermione.
His heart dropped a bit at the sight of her so sad.
He sighed, walked up to her and wrapped his lightly muscled arms around her.
He pulled her in close.
His slightly pointy chin was on the top of her head.
He pulled back "I don't need you to defend me in this."
A smile pulled at her face.
She pushed an unruly curl behind her ear.
She pulled away and elbowed him.
She looked up.
Jaws were on the floor and the singular eyebrows that could have been raised were in the heavens.
"What?"
"Nothing, blimey Hermione!
Are you sure you didn't leave out anything from your two month deeds?"
"No, of course not" she lied.
Technically she did tell them everything about Draco, not everything about the two months.
She decided to change topic.
"You know, Draco last time we had this argument, I won" "You won because your head wasn't as hot as now and you had Mother on your side."
"I still won anyway."
"Bollocks" The doors to Hogwarts swung open finally.
It seemed as if everything that day was taking to long to happen in Hermione's opinion.
Professor McGonagal stepped out, not wearing her traditional green robes and black pointy hat, but a purple robe and her hair was in a low bun.
Hermione noticed the lines of confusion etched into the new Headmistress's face.
Hermione stepped up and she beamed an eager smile to her.
"Good evening Headmistress."
"Good evening, Hermione dear and everyone else.
While I'm glad to see you here, I must ask why?"
Talking erupted amongst the 28 students there.
Theo stepped up, he was as confused as everyone else.
"We are just following the letters we received two days ago asking the seventh and eighth years to come back to school two weeks earlier than usual.
Mcgonagal raised an eyebrow.
"Letter?
What letters?
I don't remember sending any letters.
Does anyone have theirs on them?"
Hermione predictably did.
She pulled it out of her bag that held the Undetectable Extension Charm.
It was still as crisp as she got it.
Eyes rolled at that for different reasons and a few chuckles bounced around.
Hermione was slightly embarrassed but forged ahead.
She handed it to the ex-Gryffindor head.
Professor McGonagall smiled lightly at Hermione before She began to read.
As she read, Hermione saw her eyes furrow as she shook her head.
She closed the letter.
"I never authorized the Ministry to send this.
Most of the Professors aren't even here" A quiet clamour rose from the 28 students standing before the Headmistress.
"Is this really happening?"
"I could have been partying or picking up girls" "Amen to that" "I cancelled a date with a hot wizarding bloke" "Well this is bloody brilliant.
I could have been getting paid right bloody now."
The last comment came from Ron right as the crowd quieted.
He realized he was heard and blushed.
Mcgonagall narrowed her eyes at him before continuing on.
"With that being said, I cannot in good conscience send you back home.
You would stay here either until I find out what caused this situation or the next two weeks for the term to start.
You may enter.
I will tell the house elves that you are here.
Dinner is at eight."
She stepped back to let them in.
"Ms. Granger, Mr Malfoy, do come I'll show you to your designated rooms" ...888... Hermione and Draco stood with McGonagall in front of a large portrait of a finely dressed male.
He was bespectacled and sat in a room full of books.
He was writing diligently.
Black hair was hanging in his face.
He didn't seem to have noticed them as he was engrossed with his work.
A minute passed and the portrait finally spoke " Is't yond nay one shall speaketh? "
McGonagall puzzled at his speech.
"I beg your pardon?"
" Oh, the lady doest speaketh.
I wonder if 't be true the other two can speaketh as well," he paused and turned to look at them.
Hermione took the lead with excitement.
She finally had a reason to show off her Shakespearean tongue. "
Aye, t'is be true.
I am Hermione Granger and the lady is the Headmistress of the school-" she began to introduce Draco when he butted in.
"I am Draco, House of Malfoy.
I do beseech you asketh wherefore thee art speaking like this.
I knoweth thee can speaketh modern English.
So cut the crap."
She was surprised he was eloquent in that archaic tongue.
But her surprise couldn't stop her for berating him.
"Draco, that wasn't needed."
"We both know he could speak slightly modern English, Granger" "Of course I knew that, but I was having fun.
I don't usually get to use the archaic tongue" "Then we'll have conversations alone in it."
Her eyes widened as light entered her eyes.
"McGonagall couldn't believe her eyes.
Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger acting more than civil?
She would ask later.
The male in the painting cleared his throat.
"Alright.
The boy is correct.
I do speak the "modern" language.
I am Reagan R." "You are Reagan R? "
Hermione's eyes widened to be the size of saucers.
"You are the master writer of many wizarding literature.
Both fiction and non-fiction.
I've read a lot of your works especially on magic especially on magic and," she faltered a bit before continuing vaguely, Reagan noticed and smirked, "other works.
"Reagan R was a well known writer among the time Hogwarts was the 10th century.
He was considered a great historian and wrote some of the first books on nymphs and satyrs before his untimely end" "Ah yes.
It was a glorious end.
I died doing what I loved.
Learning and in an orgy full of nymphs."
McGonagall's eyese nearly popped out if her head at that.
She couldn't believe this was the painting Albus advised her to put in front of the new Heads' dorm.
She took it back, she could believe it actually.
She should have saw the signs when Severus rolled his eyes when Albus said it and there was a snicker from one of the Headmaster's that had been in the room at the time.
Draco was amused.
"Died in an orgy with nymphs, that's my kind of way to die."
"Draco, you don't understand, he isn't talking about those types of nymphs.
He's talking about maenads."
Draco's silvery blond eyebrows jumped in to his hair line.
"The lady speaks true.
As I was in the throws of passion, they became frenzied and ripped me limb from limb and kept my manhood as a souvenir before pulling my head off.
It was such a riveting death" there was a sparkle in Reagan's eyes as he spoke of his last moments.
McGonagall cleared her throat regaining her composure.
"Come along children."
She turned to the painting and uttered the password.
"The password is Tarantallegra" Reagan smirked before his painting swung open.
They all stepped in to the room.
"This shall be your dorm."
"What?
You mean we'll be sleeping together?"
Hermione exclaimed "Woah, Granger, please.
Don't be so eager.
Do it when we're alone."
He said flirtatiously.
"I didn't mean it like that part!"
She turned to her ex Head of House.
"Whatever happened to the old seperate Head dorms, Professor, I mean Headmistress."
McGonagall did not hear Hermione's blunder nor did she register the question asked.
The camaraderie between befuddled her over taxed brain.
She couldn't hold her tongue any longer.
"Pardon the intrusion, but when did you two become amicable."
"It isn't just us.
Harry as well.
It happened ower the break.
Blaise and Ginny might be friends now as well or will be by his birthday when the rest of students arrive as well."
Draco pondered at that little snippet of information Hermione accidentally dropped.
He wondered why she knew that.
She waved it off as Her quest for knowledge.
McGonagall was pleased at this.
It seemed she had less work to do after all.
She remembered the question she was asked.
"Oh yes the dorms.
The old ones had been destroyed in the battle Dumbledore Snape and I had decided the new ones be different and not separate as the old ones.
It was our way to promote house unity.
It was mostly done to get both of you to get along but it seems that has already been done.
After dinner I need to address you all on what ever I have found and give more information on this unprecedented incident."
McGonagall began to leave them in the sparsley decorated room.
As she reached the door, she remembered something she was supposed to tell them.
"About the room, Dumbledore said that it functioned exactly like something called the "Room of Requirement" and that you can fix it to what ever you want it to be by asking, I think.
See you children at 8:00" She slipped out the dorm.
Draco rubbed his hands.
"This is going to be fun" Merry Christmas all.
I decided to give this chapter early.
My gift to you reader.
 quiet murmur was passing through the great hall.
Mcgonagall sat at her chair at the front of the hall.
She was quietly to the Astronomy Professor who sat on her right.
They were the only two teachers in the hall, not that there weren't any other teachers there in the school.
The students were eating, but they were distracted.
Most of them wondered about what Mcgonagall was going to say about them being here.
Were they going to go back home the next day or were they going to stay for the next two weeks until Hogwarts officially opened.
The murmur was cut short as a voice flew into the hall.
"Come on Granger, it was a joke!"
Draco drawled after her.
You could hear the laugh in his voice.
"A joke!
Changing our common room to, that is not a joke.
It isn't even remotely funny" Hermione was standing in front of the great Hall's doors.
Her hands were situated on her hips.
She was looking up at the offender of the incident.
He had just appeared in the doorway when she rounded on him.
"I know it wasn't funny, ... for you but it was for me.
When your face got a bit red and there was a sparkle in your eyes when you came out of your room to see it " "That blush wasn't about me being embarrassed.
It was for you, really."
He leaned down into her face.
A signature Malfoy smirk adorned his face.
"Really?
Were you having naughty thoughts pertaining that room involving me?
Never knew you were in to that" She stepped closer to him, pulling at his Slytherin tie to whisper something in his ear.
That was the only part of the conversation that the occupants in the Hall weren't privy to.
Hermione dropped her voice as she spoke into his ear.
"Draco, I was embarrassed by your lack of knowledge and taste.
Muggle shackles, really?
I thought you might have gone with the magical rope that can adjust themselves, but it would seem you don't know about them.
Pity, I've heard that they're fun.
And your choice of colours, aren't you the stereotypical Slytherin.
Black and green -" He turned into her ear to interrupt her.
"The lioness surely knows about that kink.
Where did you learn about that.
You only find those in high end shops" She laughed and moved away from him.
Her eyes were laughing as she placed his tie back in place.
"I read a lot" He scoffed at what he knew couldn't be fully the truth.
"Reading alone wouldn't tell you all that.
She fixed his collar.
Her hand seemed to linger by his neck, leaving a tingling sensation.
She finally pulled away.
"A lady can't reveal all her secrets.
At least take me out for dinner first."
She turned to enter the hall and froze.
All eyes were on her and Draco.
Her eyes widened.
Suddenly, Draco pulled Hermione by the arm to where there friends sat... at Ravenclaw, for Slytherin alone knowing why.
...888... At the Ravenclaw table sat Hermione and Draco's friends.
Blaise looked up to see his friend and Hermione at the entrance of the Hall.
From their conversation, it sounded like Draco turned their common room into a sex dungeon.
He shook his head.
Classic Draco.
When Hermione pulled at Draco's tie to speak into his ear, his chest felt heavy.
The sight reminded him of something, someone.
He comforted himself with the memory but his heart still hurt a bit.
He turned his eyes to the ginger before him.
Taking in her looks as she with the rest of the scant student body continued to watch their new Heads be in what seemed to be a lover's spat.
She was quite pretty in his taste.
He turned his eyes back to the entrance Blaise noticed their arrival and plastered a fake smirk on his face.
"He turned your room into a sex dungeon, didn't he Granger?"
Calling her by her last name sounded so wrong.
"How did you guess, Zabini?"
He heard her pause before saying his familial name and had to fight to hide his smile.
Good.
She also found it weird.
He scooted around a bit on the seat.
Draco had moved to sit between Theo and Harry.
Hermione slid easily in to the seat next to him, talking to him just as easily.
Just like before.
"It's something he might do" He shrugged simply.
Hermione's tinkling laugh swept in to his ear.
"I bet you would know" she nuged him, giving him a wink that he knew didn't go unnoticed by the observant eyes around them "How come we're here?"
she gestured at Ravenclaw's table, changing the subject "It was a compromise between sitting at Slytherin or Gryffindor " "Why not Hufflepuff?"
"Some of us still have pride, Granger" he said rolling his eyes Hermione scoffed.
He saw the questioning glances thrown towards him from the amalgamated group.
Everyone except Pansy and Harry looked confused.
Maybe he knew or was just oblivious.
The weasel was just starting to open his mouth to speak when Mcgonagall got up and began to address the tiny crowd.
At that moment, every one turned to face her.
Blaise relaxed the shoulders he didn't know were tense.
He chanced a glance at Hermione.
She was holding up better but, she was gnawing at her lip.
...888... "Students," Mcgonagall began, "I have investigated the matter, and have come to inform you.
it would seem that the ministry had something to do with this.
I don't know what exactly is their plan by having only a few seventh and eight years here and not all.
We are trying to get the train here by tomorrow morning, so you will spend the night.
If the train doesn't come tomorrow , we'll give it until Friday to arrive.
After Friday, you will stay in school for the remainder of the time.
As luck would have it, our heads are here amongst you all.
Your head girl is Hermione Granger of Gryffindor- " This was met by applause from the remaining Gryffindors.
Mcgonagall continued.
"And your head boy is Draco Malfoy of Slytherin" The scant Slytherin's cheered as one of their own was a head, surprising as it may be.
The most surprising thing was that it was Draco Malfoy after all he had done.
Although when taking the facts into account, he was second to Hermione and if this whole Voldermort business had not occurred, he would have gotten it anyway.
Mcgonagall cleared her throat.
"Yes, we would have proper introductions for them when the entire school is here.
As per usual the Forbidden Forest is still off limits.
Curfew is at 10.
As an extra measure, common rooms would be locked at 10 to ensure there are no wanderers.
We don't want any one getting hurt or doing things they shouldn't.
You may begin to eat."
Food appeared on the table.
Ron quickly helped himself.
"Ms. Granger and Mr. Malfoy, please meet me in my office after dinner I need to have a word with you.
Please bring your friends" Mcgonagall quickly sat down.
...888... Blaise absorbed what the Headmistress said.
The ministry sent them here?
Why would they do that, especially if they didn't ask for all of them.
It didn't make much sense.
Hermione spoke, "I was wondering why Nevell wasn't here.
I remember seeing him at Diagon Alley just two days before; buying his things.
I originally thought he changed his mind.
Do any of you know any other 7th and 8th years who were supposed to be here?"
"Well, Hannah Abbott is supposed to be here.
Romilda Vane as well."
red said Blaise grimaced at the Gryffindor's name.
He was glad she wasn't there.
As he looked around the table, it seemed he wasn't the only one with bad experiences with her.
He had one night with her and ever since then she kept trying to jump him.
Red, the weasel, Potter, Draco, Pansy even Vane's leader, Lavender shared similar looks.
"I'll owl Daphne and ... Astoria, to find out for sure what happened."
A next sickening name.
Draco shuddered at the name, and Blaise had to fight his smirk.
Astoria was between Draco and Theo.
"You'd diye werae dinkin-" "Ronald!
Don't talk with your mouth full!"
Hermione admonished the seemingly untrained weasel.
She was shaking her head.
What did she ever see in that buffoon.
At least now she had her senses.
Ron smiled sheepishly.
"I was saying you're thinking way to hard into this.
Sorry-" "Ronnie, you don't have to apologize to her.
How dare you speak to Ron like that, your not even his girlfriend anymore, I am" Lavender said to Hermione, looking haughty.
Hermione rolled her eyes the same time Blaise did and began talking to him, ignoring Lavender.
Blaise couldn't understand Lavender, it's not like she could talk with what he knew.
"Anyway, Blaise, that's a great idea.
I could owl Nevel, Ginny you could owl the girls you mentioned. "
"The same for any one else who remembers someone who should be here."
Blaise said ...888... After speaking at length about the situation, with a few detours they made a list of the people they could recall from the seventh and eighth years.
Blaise looked at it in confusion and shared what he noticed with Draco "Something isn't right.
We should find out as much as possible," Draco agreed, " find how much people are returning and who got the second letter and refused to return early, if any" "We should start as soon as we finish speaking to Professor Mcgonagall."
Hermione flashed a dazzling smile in Draco's direction Blaise felt his chest tighten a bit more.
He quickly fixed himself, slightly blocking Draco from Hermione' s room.
He grabbed at a chocolate covered strawberry from Hermione's desert plate and bit off a piece.
Blaise didn't notice the dropped jaw of Ginny, nor Ron's widened eyes.
He surely didn't notice the look Harry and Draco shared nor the sad look Draco gave him after, that showed Blaise was going to regret that.
Even if he did see, he wouldn't have cared.
He knew something they didn't.
He smirked at Hermione, licking the chocolate from his lips, sinfully slow.
"Mhm, tastes delicious.
Reminds you if something, doesn't it."
Hermione eyed him.
A smile slowly formed its way on to her plump mouth.
She laughed.
"If I remember correctly, I did this-" she grabbed the strawberry out if his hand, "then I hexed you at Slughorn's party" she then proceeded to lick the chocolate off absent-mindedly before eating the rest of it.
It appeared that Ron had enough, "What the bloody hell is happening.
I know that if I could see it, everyone else bloody can!"
Blaise looked around the table.
All eyes were on them.
Pansy had finally looked up from one of her favourite past times, eating.
She had an appetite like the weasel.
Ravenous.
"It seems we have to tell them the absolute truth, Blaise " Hermione said with a sigh.
Blaise understood the message loud and clear.
"It wouldn't make sense to hide anything anymore.
Especially if your end goal is to make us all be friends, Hermione " "Hermione what's going on? "
Harry asked concerned.
Blaise realised that Harry didn't know.
"Yeah mate, since when have you gotten on first name basis.
You've only just began talking. "
Draco knitted his brows.
"Blaise is there something you're hiding" Theo asked.
"Not any more.
What I'm saying is that Hermione and I, we're, " "Friends," she finished for him, " were friends, in 6th year."
"Hermione, why didn't you tell me? "
Harry asked, a hurt look in his green eyes.
"Harry I couldn't tell you and Ron.
You would've flipped!
Ron was ignoring me for his girlfriend, Lavender!
And you!
You had three things on your mind for the majority of that year: Draco, Professor Snape, unknowingly, and Ginny to a lesser extent. "
That shut Harry and Ron up.
Ginny shrugged.
"She has a point, Harry.
If you knew about it you might've flipped, same for you Ron.
I most likely wouldn't have believed her.
Leave her be, she could've easily pretended to now start being friends with him" Pansy turned to Blaise, and a shot of guilt passed through his system.
"What about you Blaise?
Why didn't you say anything?"
"Didn't think I needed to."
He replied shortly.
Short answers were the best answers, he believed.
He felt uncomfortable as his two closest, male friends eyed him with suspicion.
There was a flash of something... primal in Draco's silver grey eyes.
Blaise found himself fighting to hold back his gulp.
His eyes darted away.
His dark brown eyes landed in Mt.
Vesuvius; Lavender Brown.
She looked ready to erupt on the group.
If they were Pompeii, did that mean that this would end badly?
Most certainly it did, Blaise didn't need clairvoyance to know that.
...888... "What's wrong with you people!
How can you accept, " -she gestured wildly at the pair- " this.
How can you trust her?
She lied to us once already about Malfoy, you want to trust her on this?
Well I don't trust her.
She has you rapped around her fingers."
"What are you trying to say Lavender?"
Hermione asked.
Her voice dangerously low and clipped.
Harry inhaled sharply.
He remembered the last time that tone was directed at him.
He should tell Lavender to stop with her line of questioning, but she had it coming.
She had been going after Hermione for awhile "You know damn well what I'm saying, you prissy bi-" Hermione opened her mouth to cut Lavender off but she was beaten to it by an unlikely ally.
"Fuck off, Lavender " came a terse reply.
The speaker in question hadn't look up from their meal.
Daintily inhaling her food in a way that only a highly trained pureblood could.
"Excuse ?"
Lavender asked, turning towards the offender with a flick of her long golden blonde hair.
If Lavender could have raised a blonde eyebrow, she would have.
"I said : Fuck Off.
We all know the reputation Blaise had back then and still currently has and tensions with Slytherins were extremely high.
She was just protecting her own reputation and herself: who knows what might have happened if even a rumour got out. "
- She placed down her fork and looked squarely at the presumptive girl - "Anyway, Granger is older, shares no family with you and has more authority than you do, she doesn't have to explain herself to you" Lavender was shaking with fury as she saw the smile that the prude and slag shared.
How could they!
And why was her boyfriend just sitting doing nothing as she was being unfairly attacked.
As Theo thought about the situation his mind jumped to strangely comparing it to a History of Magic lesson on the destruction of Pompe, unknowingly like how Blaise did earlier.
If Lavender was Vesuvius and the group was Pompeii, did that make Pansy the crazy guy that used the dancing spell on the volcano causing it to erupt?
He took a second to look at the pair sitting opposite each other.
Yes.
Well he did not want total destruction, so he chose what he believed was the smartest move.
"Why don't we go and see what Mcgonagall wants, yeah?
It has to be important and pertain to us if she wants a private meeting, yeah?"
"Why are you rushing, Nott?
Are you worried about trouble, " Ginny teased the usually quiet Slytherin.
Theo wanted to say yes, he was afraid of trouble.
Not there but here on the table with hexes and hair pulling, maybe.
"No Weasalette-" "What's with "Weasalette"?"
"It denotes you from your brother or brothers.
Any way I'm just saying that we have finished eating and Mcgonagall left the hall a little while ago.
It would seem prudent if we leave now and get it over with" Hermione agreed and the amalgamated group got up to leave the hall before a fight could break.
Before they left, Hermione stuffed the list into her bag with the undetectable extension charm.
As she brought her hand up, Draco saw a corner of a severely damaged book before she shoved it back into her bag.
He was surprised she would have a book in such poor conditions.
He shrugged simply daining to ask her another time.
"Why don't we have sex?"
Luna asked.
Everyone stopped there conversations and turned shocked eyes to Luna.
She simply shrugged and continued down the hall to the Headmistress's office.
Harry was the third person to recover from that statement.
"Where did that thought come from, Luna?"
Harry asked with rounded eyes.
"Group sex could be a great bonding exercise, although ..." her face took on a fleet pensive look as she let the thought trail.
It was a look Harry seldom saw on the airy blonde.
His train of thought was cut off by a laugh that if he had known the word for he would have described as boisterous.
Behind him, one Parkinson girl was snorting out her laughter in a way he never expected her to.
It was so... un-pureblood like.
"Group sex!"
Parkinson guffawed as she pushed herself away from Draco.
She casually placed her arm around the blonde girl.
She hung off of Luna like she used to hang off of Draco in her younger years.
"That's not that bad of an idea.
I like the way you think" Luna nodded her head and opened her pink lips to respond when a noise interrupted her.
Harry quickly turned her eyes to the other blonde female in the group.
This one, he didn't like that much.
He only tolerated her due to her being with his close friend and the fact she was a fellow Gryffindor.
He found her to be quite rude and quick to criticize anyone she believed to be a threat in any form or fashion.
As it appeared Pansy Parkinson was added to what Harry called Lavender's blacklist that included many Hogwarts' females.
Her recent input was in the form of a scornful scoff directed at the girl with the short, black hair.
"Of course someone like you would like such thing."
She commented.
Ron snickered at what he must have thought was a witty remark.
As quick as a snitch Parkinson turned around.
She still kept her right arm around the pretty... kind blonde.
Parkinson's hazel eyes narrowed threateningly at the blonde bimbo.
A hint of a snarl was forming on her lips.
Harry realised that in this moment, Parkinson slightly looked liked an actual pug, or some other type of dog with chubby cheeks.
"What do you mean by that" it wasn't a question.
Harry noticed how Theo seemed very uncomfortable by the progression of this.
"Why don't we just head to the office and part ways, yeah?
It's right there, up those steps."
Theo was right.
Harry could see the gargoyle from where he stood.
After taking a few shortcuts, they quickly arrived at the hall leading to the Headmaster's office in the Headmaster's tower.
Harry had discreetly checked his map to find these passages.
Maybe he shouldn't have.
"You know exactly what I mean" "I have had it up to hear with your bullshit, you twat!
You've been looking for something for the longest while and unlike Granger here, I will give you what you're looking for!
With interest!"
And with that Parkinson whipped out her wand.
Following with the same fervour was Lavender.
"BRING IT, YOU BINT! "
Just as they began, a spell was uttered by two different people.
"Petrificus Totalus" Ginny and Hermione lowered their wands as the two girls stiffened.
Parkinson fell into Ron as Lavender came extremely close to fall on the floor, only to be caught by a reluctant Theo at the last second.
Hermione quickly placed a silencing spell on Lavender.
"Oh Merlin, sweet relief" Ginny moaned, "let's go and get this over with.
Ron, Nott, can you be dears and carry the girls your holding up the stairs" Nott shrugged at this and simply levitated the girl "Oi!
Why does he get to carry my girl?!"
"Because it seems like he's the only one can handle her."
Zabini idiotically imputed.
Harry winced at the jab.
He knew that was a slightly sore spot for Ronald.
Ron always felt as though he wasn't in some kind of control in his relationships.
Harry wanted to say something...but at the same time he had nothing to do with it.
His role as peacekeeper kept his mouth shut and standing next to Hermione.
Or maybe it was his Slytherin like self preservation.
Hermione rolled her eyes and continued up the stairs.
Harry knew she was thinking the most logical thing was to get this over and done with, but that was the problem with Hermione: she hardly ever thought with her heart.
Don't get him wrong, he loved Hermione as much as humanly possible, but sometimes she was blind to the emotions of the group, including her own.
She was so accustomed with the divide that sometimes she reacted too much or not enough.
She had made leaps and bounds in these changes over the years especially as of the recent few months after the war.
But sometimes, like now, she could be oblivious to tension.
Striding behind her was a strangely quiet Draco Malfoy, his pale hands locked behind his neck.
"Like any of you bloody Slytherins would know better.
I know your track record Zabini."
Ron sneered at the dark Italian wizard.
He was carrying Pansy physically in his arms, not bothering to embarrass himself with Hermione correcting him on how to properly say 'Wingardium Leviosa'.
He glared menacingly at the broad-shouldered male.
"Why don't we just listen to Theo, go up those damn stairs and see what all this nonsense is about Wease-" "Shut up!
Why don't you fucking respect my name you slowly bloody fucking Dea-" "Mister Weasley," -everyone looked up at the ex-Transfigurations professor- " This is deplorable behavior.
One more step and I will have to write to your mother about this.
Ron was embarrassed enough to blush and look away.
"What are you doing there?
Step into my office" "Thank Gryffindor" Harry said breaking his silence at long last.
He rushed up the stair giving a greeting to do gargoyle as he passed in.
Maybe the shortcut was the best idea after all.
...888... Minerva waited until the last student walked in.
As Zabini swaggered inside she quickly whispered the spell to the gargoyle to not let a soul in.
She strode back to her desk where Aurora was already perched.
Pansy and Lavender were unfrozen and sitting quietly, although Lavender looked like a toddler fit, to throw a tantrum.
With a wave of her wand and a muttering of words the room locked, the windows snapped shut causing the students to jump, all the figures in the paintings left the room and an unsettling silence filled it.
The students looked around.
Minerva could feel their confusion and anxieties as she sat down behind the desk.
She let out a heavy sigh, the weight of what she had to say lay heavily on her shoulders.
"Students, I know that you all are trying to heal from the war that took place.
I must congratulate you on even deciding to return and grace these walls once again.
This war has... caused, many things to change. "
Hermione being ever inquisitive asked the question that was on everyone's mind.
"What exactly do you mean, Headmistress?"
Aurora gave a mirthless laugh at the question shaking her head, stifling a yawn while she spoke.
"It simply means that it is in the stars for you to have an exciting year, as usual."
Harry's shoulders sagged slightly, before he squared up.
Next to him, Hermione's eyes sharpened and there was a slight twitch to her wand arm.
Draco's face kept a Slytherin stoicism that was more or less copied by his friends, save Blaise who was visually interested and confused at the end of the couch.
Ronald and his sister were quickly on edge, eyes darting about.
Lavender clung to Ronald in worry that caused the Parkinson heir to lightly scoff and roll her eyes from her place next to Theodore.
Luna looked unaffected by all of this as she was in her perpetual state of airiness.
Minerva rotated her shoulders and explained further.
"Before Salazar Slytherin and Godric Gryffindor fought resulting in Salazar's leaving, Rowena Ravenclaw had the foresight to understand that their differences would cause a split, resulting in bad blood that would continue on into their houses.
So with this she placed a spell on to the very bricks of the castle, as a failsafe of sorts, in case there was ever a big dispute, especially, between the houses of Gryffindor and Slytherin."
"Pardon, I don't need to be overtly rude but-" Theo started before being interrupted by Blaise who did not have the patience for his semantics.
"Why are we here?
In all honesty, this is bad and everything, but it is quite dodgy for you to be informing just us select few and not just the students heads'."
"Blaise, it is most likely because she needs us, you wanker" Draco said with the Malfoy smirk on his face.
...888... Aurora watched as he reclined back into the couch with the strange grace that all Malfoys carried with them.
It quickly wavered as he winced from the sharp elbow he sneakily received from the Head Girl at his left.
The sight intrigued her but she was too tired to think too hard on it.
She was not accustomed to being up during the day since her entire subject happened at night.
She yawned as Minerva continued.
"Yes we need you, Mr. Zabini.
This is no simple spell, it is an old curse,for lack of a better term.
Luckily we know how to fix it.
It is simple actually, what activated Ravenclaw's curse was a lack of unity.
What she said will fix it would be the most influential people from the warring houses to leave there animosity behind them, causing the majority of the school to follow."
Aurora decided to speed this along.
"Simply put, we need you to become friends before school officially opens in September."
Harry looked at her and after a moment, gave a light chuckle that slowly increased in volume.
"And what exactly is so funny, Mr Potter?"
Minerva asked "Well, your problem is already fixed, yeah?"
"What do you mean, Mr. Potter?
My patience is slipping" Hermione decided to answer this.
"If all that is required is for the most influential people to become friends then it has happened since the Battle of Hogwarts " Aurora's eyebrows flew high on her forehead.
"Harry and Draco are already friends.
Since that fateful morning in May."
"You say that as though we didn't turn over a new leaf as well that day, Hermione " "We may have, but I thought it would be more fitting to just name the two most infamous students attending Hogwarts" "Oh, you think that I'm infamous?"
"Of course," she said matter-of-factly, "everyone knows about your over-sized ego" Draco had a mock look of shock.
It didn't escape Aurora's notice that they seemed to be in their own world, forgetting where they were.
Harry was shaking his head with a smile on his face as though this was a regular occurrence in his life.
The others, on the other hand looked on in awe at the interaction.
They clearly knew about this given that they were not shocked, although they seemed a bit uncomfortable.
It must still be fresh information then, she deduced.
Draco continued in an amused drawl.
"Surely you know that isn't the only big thing they talk about concerning me?"
"Mr.
Malfoy!"
Minerva decided she needed to stop this quickly sinking conversation.
"Professor, I was clearly speaking about my personal Gringotts account.
What did you misconstrue?"
The Head Girl rolled her eyes as her blond counterpart had the most innocent express donning her face.
Minerva blinked.
And then blinked again.
Aurora could see the old Gryffindor weighing her replies in her head.
She couldn't help but snicker slightly at the insanity of this meeting.
Is this what she missed during the sunny periods of the day?
If this was how they behaved now, imagine when... She let her thoughts trail off as Minerva began to speak once again.
"We are not entirely sure what the consequences are, seeing that this issue has only been recently brought to light.
We want to be sure that we do not leave any loopholes that can result in a catastrophe, similar to what a Marriage Law, may bring.
It is quite fortuitous that you all are here.
I was about to owl each of you separately when you arrived.
To meet our needs, as you would already know, we need you to get along with each other by the time school opens.
Luckily, the Hufflepuffs are extremely forgiving and the Ravenclaws choose whom they like based on intelligence and care not for house rivalry.
But Gryffindor moves like pack animals and Slytherin follows a strict hierarchical structure.
We believe that you all are the biggest influencers of the school and that you are fully capable of doing this task."
"So you're putting the fate of the school in our hands?"
Draco hummed at Blaise's question.
"Well," Pansy said as she stood up dusting some unforeseen dust from her above-the-knee length skirt, "I'm out.
I honestly can't handle all this responsibility.
Maybe if I had to stop mocking them or may be just play nice with Potter and Granger and Weaselette to a lesser degree I could, but you see them," she jutted her chin before shaking her head negatively at the end of the right side of the truck.
Seated there, were whom Aurora considered the most annoying couple in Hogwarts.
She did not like them when they were together in Fifth or Six Year.
She was disappointed that they were together again.
But as a teacher, she endeavored to stay out of the love lives of students unless in the confines of her head. "
Ms Parkinson, please take a seat.
This what we are organizing is a fall back plan of sorts.
We are working diligently, albeit, discreetly to break the curse.
Even without the curse, your Headmistress was,already working on bringing House Unity to Hogwarts.
If you refuse, the only other option would be to dismantle the houses and thus house related activities."
"I'm sorry, but, excuse me Professor Sinistra, did you just say-" "Yes I did.
Now do you understand the severity of this predicament?"
They all nodded.
"Good," Minerva said as she rose from behind her desk. "
You will be staying in the Heads' tower until further notice.
You can floo there through the fireplace.
The house elves would bring your bags to you."
...888... Minerva mumbled a spell and the windows flew open.
One by one the portraits returned to their paintings.
Hermione was the first to take the unspoken dismissal.
Then Luna, Theo, Harry, Pansy, Draco, Blaise, Ginny.
With great reluctance Ron dragged himself followed by his girl to stand in the wide fireplace.
"Good luck to you all, and remember: the portraits will not allow roaming after dinner.
We shall give you an extra half an hour this night."
She turned her back on them and left into another room with the astronomy professor.
With the floor powder in her hand, she threw it to the ground calling her destination's name.
A few seconds later they appeared in the Heads' common room.
A low whistle alerted Hermione to a simple fact; the common room was still a sex dungeon.
Her face redeemed at this.
With a thought, she reverted the room back to normal and 8 extra rooms were made for her guests.
"A magical room, nice."
Ginny stated appreciably Draco took this point to set some ground rules.
There will be no sex in the common room, no violence that wasn't playful in meaning, no coming back with people who were not of this group, silencing charms on the room if you scratch those urges, especially loudly.
A shimmer ran through the room as Draco spoke.
The rules were set, now the room would prevent and or punish those who broke the rules.
"So, how do we bond in such a way that we become the close friends that McGonagall wants us to be?"
Draco asked sitting on one of the cream couches "Alcohol?"
Pansy chimed "Deep conversations?"
Harry gave "Embarrassing situations" Blaise offered "Dangerous perils" Theo said after some thought "A lot of alcohol" Ron gave.
"No to all of those" Draco said as he watched the people in the room.
Are these the people he was stuck with?
He wanted to ease in to the Gryffindor's hearts.
Now he had to barrage into this.
He needed something like a stress reliever, something with a bitter or metallic taste.
He needed to get away from there and into his room.
Where was his room?
He ruminated on this question for a second before Hermione distracted him with her eureka moment.
"Wait, I got it!"
Hermione said after running the dilemma over in her head.
"Why don't we do all of it" "I think that the "Brightest Witch" has finally checked out" lavender joked.
Hermione pointedly ignored the curvaceous blonde female.
She continued to speak.
"We are all stuck in a tower together, with nothing but time on our hands.
For some, alcohol is the only way for any of you to properly converse.
Throw in some embarrassing situations that force you to show your merit.
But, it must be fun and have some edge to it."
"Oh," Ginny said biting the bait Hermione obviously laid.
"A game.
How didn't any of us think of it?"
Everyone embarrassingly looked at each other.
Really, why did no one else think of it before?
Then the naysayer of the group spoke.
"How are we going to play a game?
Where are we going to get one?
Are you going to make us play Truth or Dare with Veritaserum?"
"Why don't you ask these kind of questions in class, you bint."
Pansy sneered as she rolled her eyes.
"Pansy, easy.
She does have a point."
Theo said with practicality.
At this point, Luna chimes in.
"We can procure one from Professor Trelawney.
It is a well known secret in Ravenclaw that she is a collector of many magical games, usually rare.
Ginny, Harry, would you mind accompanying me to her room?"
"Sure!"
"N-no problem" Harry said as he flamed embarrassment.
"Shall we."
He said.
Then the trio left.
Malfoy had already got up to retire to his room.
"I'm going to the library to get a book."
Theo announced.
"Okay guys, let's play a game" Hermione and Draco said in synchronization 888888888888888888888888888888888 happy Valentine'sProfessor Aurora Sinistra rushed into the Head master's office.
The children should not be here.
At least not this particular weekend, and especially not this week.
Honestly, she hoped that Minerva, being the new Headmistress, knew what happens every 1000 or so years directly over Hogwarts and a also affected Hogsmeade, and to a lesser extent, wizarding Britain.
She still couldn't believe Hogwarts never told the ministry about this.
This was a school filled with children, for Merlin's sake.
When she made her discovery, she had to consult the tome of all the past astronomy professors that ever graced the Astronomy tower.
That is where she learnt further information on this soon to occur catastrophe.
"Exploding Snap!"
The gargoyle moved, much too slowly for her liking.
When it finally moved she ran in, knocking into some random box.
It fell and rolled out side without the notice of anyone.
Minerva looked up over her glasses at the astronomy teacher.
This had better be good.
She had an emergency that was just brought to her attention from Dumbledore from his painting, on top of students being here.
"Do you know what today is?"
The ex-Transfigurations professor peered over her glasses.
Why was the normally quiet Astronomy professor barging into her office asking the date.
Maybe, she was tired from her usual solitude.
"Yes, Aurora.
Today is August 15, 1998.-" "EXACTLY!"
Minerva sighed.
What was with Aurora tonight?
She's acting as if the entire school is in a state of mayhem or was on the brink of one.
She couldn't really be bothered honestly.
She had about thirty students who arrived too early for schooling.
All of them being seventh and eighth years and the majority being of wizarding age.
She was trying to figure out what to do with them.
There weren't much teachers here.
Hell, she wasn't normally here, but she came to settle herself in to her new position a week early as well as deal with a situation that can affect students of age and over.
Especially a little group of students who might become the centre of the problem as well as the solution to fix it, seeing that they more or less affected how the houses treated each other.
She rubbed her temples.
She knew that the Astronomy Professor had asked her something.
"Why are the children here?"
Aurora repeated her question.
"I don't bloody know.
Merlin's beard, that's what I am trying to find out!"
The Astronomy Professor paused.
Minerva didn't sanction this.
So she's back to the question at hand, why they were there.
"It would seem that The Ministry went over our head and sent letters informing the eldest students that Hogwarts was opening back early for them.
I think that some staff member or an associate of the school decided to tell them we were ready.
"We're ready but we still don't want them here yet.
The other Professors don't come in until on next week and some still might not come until right before September 1 st. Now we have a bunch of hormonal, randy teenagers who are of age in one area without much or any supervision.
At least the head boy and girl are here and there special dormitory is well prepared.
Handpicked by Dumbledore himself."
Aurora caught something that Minerva said.
The head boy and girl were here.
Obviously head girl was going to be Hermione Granger, she was ridiculously good at magic.
But who was head boy?
She had an idea, but wondered if Minerva was bold enough to do it.
She asked the million galleon question.
"Draco Malfoy, of course."
Aurora was jumping with joy in side.
She just won a wager between the staff under Minerva's nose.
She was the only one who placed a bet on Malfoy.
Everyone was saying Potter, Nott, Zabini even the youngest Weasley boy.
Wait...
Weasley?!
"Is Ronald Weasley part of the group here?"
"Of course, him and his sister," Aurora paled at that and Minerva took notice as she continued on, "you know Molly Weasley would not allow her children not to come to school, with the exception of George and Fred."
Aurora turned her eyes to the teacher.
"Do you know what today is?"
"You already asked me tha-" "Do you know why today and the next six days are important" "What's so important abou-" it dawned on her "-oh."
She remembered Dumbledore mentioning something about it in passing, but not much.
It was something passed down from Headmaster to Headmaster since the inception of Hogwarts.
She couldn't believe her luck.
"It can't possibly be 1000 years already?"
Aurora nodded her head sadly.
She couldn't believe it either.
Minerva didn't bother asking how Aurora knew this.
It would be remiss of Aurora as an astronomy professor not to know the writings of past professors of her craft.
"We need to get the children out of here, now" "But what about the Ministry?
Remember that they do not know anything about what happens here every 1000 years."
Minerva gasped.
If they ever found out they might shut down the school.
"Let me inform you of what is going to happen these next six days: tonight marks the start of the waning moon cycle.
On Wednesday there will be a conjunction of mars in Leo which augments anger, although can forge friendships for people in Leo.
On Thursday will be a conjunction of Venus which augments sexual tension and makes people more sensitive.
It will affect the school from tomorrow night, reach its climax on those two days and fizzle down by the new moon.
The new moon signifies rest, which is why it doesn't carry on further than then.
The reason why it's so important is because libidos tend to heighten as well as fertility."
Minerva's eyes widened.
She couldn't remember most of the details before, but hearing the break down made her hackles raise.
How could she have forgotten.
Better yet, why didn't Dumbledore remind her or tell her all of this.
He went through the trouble of getting Fawkes to bring her a letter on the other situation.
It was truly troubling.
At that thought, she looked towards his portrait, for some unfathomable reason, the old coot wasn't there, or any where in the room.
She turned her eyes back towards Aurora.
"What's worse, we have Weasleys, a Zabini and a Lovegood on the compound now to heighten everything.
"Why specifically them, Aurora?
What makes them-" She stopped herself mid way, the answer slapping her in the face.
"They all have connections to that kind of magic.
The Weasleys had a higher tendency for that kind of magic due to the mixture of Prewett blood.
Zabini's mother is one of the last few practitioners and a powerful one at that."
"That kind of magic potentially in the air could amplify everything.
Especially if one of them isn't trained or is now training."
Minerva slumped into the chair.
She remembered the other reason she had come to the school.
"That's not all.
Due to the battle that happened in May, a curse has awoken, forcing house unity.
It would seem Rowena had placed a curse so that the next time there was any big dispute between houses, especially between Gryffindor and Slytherin, the curse would enact and follow the groups that can change it and forces them to" unite"."
"Unite?"
Aurora shuddered at the implication "Ew.
As smart as she was, she was a bit on the perverted side."
"It was mostly her cousin who helped lace the spell into the bricks of the castle, going by what Albus said.
Now she, was a bit off.
Some said she had that kind of magic as well."
They chuckled at that before settling in silence.
Somewhere during the discussion, Aurora had sat down.
"What are we going to do?"
Minerva sat up in thought.
"We can lock them in their dorms at night, ask the elves to lace the food at meal times with contraceptive potions for the next six days."
"What about the curse?"
"Well, we'll just get the two groups to play nice until we could figure out how to fix this mess."
Aurora wanted to know who were the two groups that would mostly likely be the target of this unsavory curse.
She had her suspicions of course.
"Mr Potter and his friends and Mr Malfoy and his, of course.
The two most prominent groups in the Slytherin-Gryffindor rivalry of the last 7 or 8 years.
"Aurora, I trust you with this information.
This must not leave this room.
You can help me search for some more information on this "curse" from Rowena.
I'll admit I don't know much other than the vague bits of information I told you.
Maybe we can find a way to counteract it.
If Dumbledore was here maybe he could give more information, but he has strangely made himself scarce."
Aurora nodded in agreement.
At that they began planning.
...888... On the outside of the door, a teacher wrapped in several coloured scarves had just passed outside the door.
She suddenly stopped in her tracks.
She looked down.
She pushed back up her glasses that slid down a bit of her nose.
She looked down at the chest like box on the floor.
She pondered at her luck for coming down from her attic like room, when she normally didn't.
She picked up the chest.
She smiled.
"I remember this game.
Oh how I loved it in my not so far gone youth."
She held the chest to her chest.
Sybil turned on her heel and headed back to her room.
"May this was the surprise I foresaw in the tea.
Hopefully, with the children here with nothing to do, they may come and ask me for one of my games from my collection.
I must keep it for them."
And she walked back from whence she came, a bundle of colour in the nigh.
inny looked back at Harry through the trapdoor.
His face was one of stubborn displeasure, most likely due to the fact that they were at the room where the woman who had basically ruined his life as well as Neville's resided, although if Harry really wanted to blame someone it would be Snape for snitching to Voldermort in the first place, but Snape was already dead and he had tried to right his wrongs in an albeit twisted way so she was easier to blame as being the point of origin.
But as faith would have it, they needed the prophetess' help; and if getting a game from Trelawney's collection would help mend the relationship between the Gryffindors and the Slytherins to circumvent forced marriages on children like themselves , then so bloody be it.
However, he would like to keep his interactions with the fraudulent woman to a minimum.
He was the chosen one, he was allowed to be petty sometimes and this was one of those times.
...888... Ginny closed the hatch to follow Luna inside.
The divination classroom was just as she remembered it: covered in scarfs and other knick-knacks.
For some unfathomable reason, that room was one of the only places that lay untouched by the war.
The faint smell of sage permeated through the air.
"Just this way."
Luna called in her dreamy voice.
Ginny sometimes pondered on how she became friends with a girl like Luna Lovegood.
It just happened, however she was glad it did.
She may have never gotten to know the sweet, intelligent, perceptive girl in front of her.
Ginny followed after her to a secret room she never noticed through out all the classes she's had in the room.
Her mind turned to the Slytherins she was now forced to share a space with.
She wondered how there relationships would have turned out if under different circumstances.
The Slytherins, in her humble opinion, were arses and highly arrogant.
She doubted that would have changed.
But seeing the close relationship held between Harry, Hermione and Malfoy made her question certain things.
They were so amiable, one could forget the years of rivalry, hexes, name calling, etcetera that lasted over the course of their years at Hogwarts until this point.
Even the relationship between Zabini and Hermione was astounding.
Although he was the least corrupt of the snakes, in her eyes, and miles more personable: he was still a snake.
Yes she had always liked how he slithered, doesn't mean she would chance keeping him close without protecting her exposed areas from his fangs should they turn on her.
No matter how pleasurable she heard it was.
Yet, Hermione was his friend in sixth year without them knowing.
The Hermione Granger she knew was never this secretive.
She was no open book, but she was so matter of fact that you never questioned it.
She hated to even admit it on a miniscule degree, Lavender... had ... a point.
Hermione was hiding these facts of her simple looking life, what else could she be hiding.
Hermione was supposed to be her boring friend.
The friend who did little.
The sensible, immovable rock to which she could anchor her wild ways.
But with the new Hermione, Ginny didn't know what to expect.
What's next, virgin Hermione has an active sex life?
Their lives would have to be in collective danger before that happens.
Ginny approached the door that Luna was already at.
The blonde was jiggling the handle to the door.
"This is her room of games.
Normally it's unlocked and we can take whatever game we please.
However, as you can see, it isn't.
Wait a moment," Luna removed her wand from her ear, "Alohomora" The door did not click.
Ginny sighed defeatedly.
Looks like that was the end of game night.
As she turned to leave, her brown eyes alighted on Trelawney's desk in the classroom.
There was a small chest sat quietly on it.
For some reason she walked to it, picked it up and opened it.
Inside was a parchment, it's Heading: Ab Pars Do Nox.
After a quick scan of the paper she realized what the chest was.
It was a game.
The parchment held its instructions and from what she could gleam it was like the muggle game truth or dare with rewards and consequences.
What was even better, it was a long game spanning six days, with partners.
Even better.
It was an adult game.
Luna walked behind her and peered over her shoulder.
"What's that?"
"This little chest here is what we have been wanting" Ginny then proceeded to explain what she gleaned from her little reading.
At the end of her subpar explanation, there was a look of concern on Luna's face that Ginny ignored.
"Do you think this game would be the right one to bring the two houses together, Ginny?"
Ginny played around with the thoughts in her head.
Maybe it wasn't enough to make them all the best of friends, but enough to have them open up enough so that the process becomes easier.
Fuck, some of her closest friends she didn't like and or envied before they were as close as they were now.
Plus it had everything they could want in it "Of course let's tell Hermione and go back to the room.
It's about 8:45 now, the game needs to start at 12 o'clock and there are some preparations that's need to be done" ...888...
The fireplace's crackle hummed in the near silence of the common room.
The only other sound was that of quips scratching on parchment to turn in on itself before wax sealed it for only the intended reader to break through and reveal its contents.
Letter after letter dishes through the air to pile on the coffee table.
Although each letter was written without aid of hands, some letters were more personal than others, thus took a little more time.
Hermione ardently ignored her companion, one Blaise Zabini.
She felt his dark brown eyes alight on her figure and followed her movements.
He wondered how long it would take for her to break her silence.
It was safe.
Potter, Red and Lovegood were up in the Divnation class room all the way on the other side of the castle, Theo was in the library which was on the ground floor of the castle.
Pansy was in her room sleeping, and she never slept without casting a silencing spell and a white noise spell.
The only wild cards were Draco who was most likely writing his letter to his mother like he does at the beginning of every academic year, and the idiot couple.
The Weasel and his pet went into one of their rooms not to long after Potter, Red and Lovegood left the common room.
His wondering was curbed when he heard the door slam and lock.
Bloody hell.
If he didn't know better he would think that the Browne girl was one of them.
Hermione relaxed after hearing the door slam.
They could talk now.
"I'm going to use muffliato" She received an inquisitive look from Blaise about the spell.
She decided to answer the question he had yet to ask.
"You wouldn't know the spell.
It's a spell that muffles our conversation from anyone who is not present when it's cast.
While we would be able to hear each other any one trying to eavesdrop would hear a buzzing."
"That's quite a handy spell.
Where did you come across such a spell?"
Hermione then cast the spell along with a spell to signal when someone came close to the room so that they could drop the muffliato spell and change topics if need be.
She wouldn't want to chance someone coming into the common room and here's a buzzing instead of a conversation would draw suspicion to them.
The last thing she and Blaise needed was more suspicion, especially after the little confession during dinner.
After placing the signalling spell in front of every door then cast muffliato, she finally decided to answer him.
"A Potions book Harry had during 6th year that was once Snape's.
I won't lie it is a handy little spell, but it takes a while to master and I hardly ever use it.
Once mastered everyone would ignore us."
Blaise raised an eyebrow at the witch.
"So there's another thing you have problem perfecting" "Oh come off it" "It seems like there's a great many things to happen during our sixth year.
Speaking of: nice touch of saying that we were friends in sixth year. "
"Because we were friends in sixth year" "We may have started of as that but it didn't stay as stagnant as you and Potter have.
We evolved during that 1st semester."
"A semester I spent lying to my friends-" "A semester you spent enjoying yourself, mia ninfa."
She shuddered.
Somehow Hermione found herself hovering over Blaise.
She always found herself somewhere on the Italian's lap.
Blaise enjoyed when they were like this.
He felt his magic sing to hers.
His breath was already turning slightly ragged.
Although in this precarious position, they didn't touch.
Skin stayed close enough to feel a sensation but not close enough to physically feel.
"Don't you remember our explorations.
Don't say you regret them?"
"I don't!"
She huffed in his face, cutting him off.
She craned her head skyward before using the back of the couch as leverage to push herself off him to sit next to him, "Dont you ever think that in your life!
I would never regret our time together."
He sniffed at her.
"No matter how you spin it, we have crossed the lines of friends because of what we are.
Because of what we suffer with it.
With ties that special I can't rank on the same scale as the Weasel."
She gave an unexpected laugh at his pronouncement.
She couldn't fault him there, those four months which they spent together exploring who and what they are bound them together.
"Speaking of," Blaise continued, " who did you go to to help with the problem?"
Hermione paused for a second.
...888... Draco had just finished wrong his letter to his mum.
In it he gave details of the current predicament his quaint little group found theme in.
Something was definitely amiss with them being here.
He, before leaving, had discussed his troubling thoughts with his mother.
He knew from that second letter that it was weird to return to Hogwarts so early.
He wanted to get some kind of answer before the week was done.
In his letter he asked his mother to find out what made this week special.
Oh yes, Draco had a feeling that this week held something of significance to it and that was the reason they were there.
He could've put more, but the less his mother knew the more she would consequently dig up.
He rose from his mahogany desk to pull out his candle to seal the letter.
It was somewhere in his trunk that was not fully emptied as yet.
He mentally scolded himself as he trudged towards his trunk sat right next to his door.
He knew he was going to write this letter like he usually did when he arrived to Hogwarts yet he still didn't take out Tue candle or stamp.
Yes, he could just 'accio' them and that would be the end of it, but as his own form of self-punishment he would manually look for it.
Just as he reached his trunk he noticed that his door was slightly open.
It wasn't much but a sliver wide, so all it would take would for him to push it with is finger to close it.
Taking his pale hand to the door, he paused upon hearing something.
The voices were soft and most wouldn't hear it, but Draco had always had above average hearing and heard it clearly. "
Xenophilius Lovegood" He heard Blaise guffaw at Hermione's reply to whatever he had asked previously.
"So you had him?
How did you manage to find out that he was one of us?"
Draco's face screwed up in confusion at his friends choice of words.
In Draco's mind, there was little in common between Blaise and herself to be part of this exclusive secretive group.
"I didn't.
I must admit, he found me.
He may be a bit off but he has been a great mentor.
He has taught Luna and myself sufficiently" What did the father of the loon know that both Blaise and Hermione needed to be taught.
Even more perplexing, how was Lovegood in their group and he wasn't.
What could possibly set them apart from the group.
"So Lovegood suffers from it too."
Blaise paused as he rolled the thought around in his head, "That word explain some of her eccentricities now wouldn't it?"
"Yes she does, and we both know that it affects us all differently" "I don't care about that... That's a lie, if it wasn't for it we may have never reconnected in Greece two weeks ago and further our binds, in many different ways."
"Fair point.
Maybe there's something good about having .
.
Syndrome."
.
.
Syndrome?
What the hell was that disease.
Draco had never heard of it before eavesdropping on the conversation.
Whatever it was, it seemed to be rare and two of his closest friends had it, as well as the loon family of the light side.
"You know, my mother is quite miffed with me" "Oh really?"
Draco could just see the incredulous smirk on Hermione face; he wished he could actually see them though.
"After meeting you in Greece and realizing that you were one of us - with its strength about the same level of ours - she wished we had remained friends long enough or that we would have had informed her when we started to show symptoms back in sixth year.
She would have liked to teach you, you know.
She actually threw a vase at me when she found out what I did that tore us up.
Without magic!
Can you believe it, mia ninfa?
Carmen Zabini threw a vase at me without magic!"
"She missed didn't she?"
"Well, yes bu-" "Exactly no harm done.
I do believe you deserved it though" "Mia ninfa, I apologized didn't I?
You had me on my knees in Greece, and not in the way I like to be when it comes to you" "You're incorrigible, Dio" Hermione laughingly said, to which Zabini laughed along with "Here's what, whenever you decide to write to your mother tell her that you invited me over for the Christmas holidays and I enthusiastically agreed" Draco heard nothing else, seeing that he closed the door.
His head swam with many a thought.
Hermione was with the Zabinis when she stayed in Greece about a week ago.
She never mentioned that to him.
Not that she had to, but... And Carmen Zabini was something.
While not being a blood purist she had a very thorough criteria as to which she judged everyone by.
To believe Hermione got in so easily because of some rare sickness they all appear to share.
But it was more than that.
It was the easy camarderie shared between the two seemingly kindred spirits.
How did Blaise, who also had his own, albeit more casual, list of criteria ever become friends with Hermione Granger.
And of all years, 6th year.
He didn't pay attention to much that year.
But there was more to that ease.
A worrying thought niggles in the back of his head.
We're they something... more?
"Accio Malfoy candle " The Slytherin green candle flew up into his awaiting hand from his chest.
He decided he no longer needed that form of self-punishment.
He wanted a drink.
And the quicker the letter was sent, the closer he came to that drink.
Walking back to his desk, he picked up his quill and added an addition to the letter.
'Mother, do you know what exactly .
.
Syndrome is.
While I know it's rude to eavesdrop, I just overheard Blaise and Hermione speaking about it and they mentioned that they have it.
Please look into it.'
He signed his name with a flourish before folding his letter and stamping it with the Malfoy crest.
Going to his new owl, Legolas, and attached it to his foot.
Within a moment, he took off, just as a knock sounded on his door.
"Draco, it's Hermione, Harry, Luna and Ginny have returned.
They've brought back something" ...888...
I've finally have a schedule.
I will be updating once every month around the end of the month.
It's good to be bac.
ansy Parkinson was unapologetically a pureblood.
She could walk with poise and grace, laugh and smile demurely at men, gossip with the highest of ladies and most importantly, speak when spoken to.
When necessary.
Pansy Parkinson always was naturally a crass woman.
She walked with the most salacious of steps, she laughed without restraint, ate as much as she wanted without etiquette, spoke the most outrageous of innuendos and slept with whomever she pleased.
It was an uncharted fact amongst the wizarding population that it is best to lose your virginity and have multiple partners before marriage.
From what she remembered, having your life partner take your virginity was similar to giving up your power.
Whatever that meant.
So it nagged her a bit when the coloured-name bint had the nerve to call her a tart.
As a pureblood herself, she should have some level of understanding of the importance of being sexually active as a witch.
At least that's what Pansy thought when she heard of Brown's record.
Ignorant witches got her so frustrated, she thought as she pushed her vibrator harder on to her clit.
The magical toy switched its speed and size automatically to fit its users needs.
The frustration was a big reason why she now was masturbating, but as she pushed a single digit in and curled it, her other reason presented itself.
A dull throaty masculine moan danced into her ears.
The weasel and his bitch were screwing and had put up a partial silencing spell only on their room.
So the only moans she heard was his, strangely enough.
Maybe she should have thought on the reason she was hearing him and the penalty acting on the dorm was not automatically metted out.
Or wondered which one of them had the ability to cast such a high-level spell.
She should have, but she was living out an active fantasy she used frequently throughout her sessions.
His wanton noises quickly was undoing her.
It was a while since she had a partner.
One of her hands snaked up her stomach, to her breast to tweak the nipple of her right breast.
She let out a needy whine.
A moment later, she felt herself being thrown into bliss at the same time her unknowing companion did.
She was too spent to feel anything but pleased.
It was as she lay in the after effects, a voice called to her on the other side of the door.
...888...
The amalgamated group stared at Ginny as she held up a chest.
It was fairly sized and didn't seem too extraordinary upon looking at it.
It was made of mahagony that had lost its shine to the ages.
The iron hinges and lock was battered and worn yet held no rust.
It was unassuming enough, yet four of the group couldn't help but feel a trickle of trepidation as they looked at it.
The chest was bad news for some unfathomable reason.
Passing the chest to Hermione, Ginny explained how they came across it.
Hermione let the words wash over her as she checked the chest.
On the inside lay yellow parchment describing the game and its rules and strangely enough a Greek style jar with a lid.
She took out the jar, running her index finger over the archaic Greek writing along its base.
She wondered what it meant but decided not to bring it up to the others until she knew what it was.
She placed the jar on the table, feeling the contents slosh around in it as it moved.
She unrolled the yellow parchment and poured over the details inscribed on it.
It was a strange game, similar yet there were stark differences.
"This game is called Ab Pars Do Nox.
This is a theme based game-" "So Gryffindor versus Slytherin," Pansy stated.
"What about Luna; she's a Ravenclaw" Ginny said looking at the airy blonde.
"She'll be a Gryffindor of course-" Ron began before being cutoff by Pansy "She has to be in Slytherin.
Gryffindor already has more people than us.
It wouldn't be fair-" "Fair?
Like that means anything come from you!"
"From me?"
"Pansy, Ronald" Luna chimed in, "in fairness of this game I will be on the Slytherin team."
"But Luna-" "Harry, if we want this game to be fair I have to be on their side.
It's either that, or we wait until tomorrow to find a different game or come up with a better idea."
That shut them up.
Hermione continued reading the instructions.
"The themes must be equal, with an equal number of males and females overall.
The names of each player must be written down, stating what team they are on, and placed in the pithos-" she gestured to the jar in the table- " From there the pairings would be made: one male with one female.
"The game must be started by midnight, end 1 hour before dawn and last the number of nights that are equal to the number of pairs.
-That would make it 5 nights for us.- Once the game starts, we would not be able to speak to others on it until the game has concluded and a winner is declared.
"To play, each pair has a question to which they must answer truthfully.
If one choses to lie or not answer they would suffer a penalty.
Other pairs can choose to answer for extra points, but once one of the pair chooses to answer, both must answer and are subject to the rules.
"While the game is in play the pairs must share a room.
This is to afford privacy when penalties and rewards are carried out.
After each pair gets their question, the session will take a 30 minutes break to accommodate it.
"The questions will pulled at random from the players."
Her voiced trailed off as she summarised the rules and requirements.
After a quick reading she decided she couldn't say exactly what was in the parchment.
There was a risk to playing this game, at least a risk to some of the players.
"Hermione you forgot the best part: since we are all of wizarding age the game becomes a sex game."
Ginny admonished shaking her head in a teasing manner.
That was the risk.
Hermione didn't know if her .
.
Syndrome could handle such a game before acting up.
Looking around the room she saw that Blaise and Luna seemed to share her concern.
They should express their concern, but they wouldn't.
"I'm not sure about this game," Harry's voice sounded across the common room full of trepidation, "I don't think it's the best idea to mix sexual tension with the already accumulated tension we have here" Thank Morgana Harry knows her situation.
Not that she couldn't lie to protect herself.
The others might easier accept his reasoning than hers, writing it off as her being a prude and override her.
And Blaise and Luna... there's no assurity.
"True, but it's worth the risk.
We have no better plan.
The longer we take the less time we have to bond.
Moreover, I sincerely doubt the game allows for sexual penetration.
With games like these, it's sexual acts that do not involve penetration other than of the oral nature."
Hermione felt stumped.
Nott was correct in his assumption.
She resignedly affirmed his assumption.
"So it's settled then, we'll be playing the game."
Draco said with finality.
"Time check" Hermione asked in a flat tone.
Ron flicked his wrist up and checked his watch.
The time was 9:22.
"Accio parchment.
Accio quills" they came soaring into Hermione's hand from a small table in the common room.
She passed the quills out before preceding to tear the apartment by hand into 10 pieces.
After handing those out she popped off the lid from the pithos.
A heady wine-like smell wafted from it.
"Write your name and team then place in the jar.
As soon as the last one is in, we must leave to accommodate the changes in the room.
Do not return until 11:55" Hermione warned.
"Do what you want in the mean time; I'm going to the kitchen to make arrangements for the food" Draco informed.
"Then I'll go with Nott to the headmistress and tell her about the progress."
Harry said "Why me?"
"Just come" Theo gave a long sigh.
Hermione couldn't help but giggle at his antics.
He seemed to have heard her and sent a sly wink her way.
She couldn't stop the blush forming on her cheeks.
"Blaise and I will drop off the letters at the Owlery."
She signed the last letter with a flourish.
Her eyes dazed out as she waited for the last one to go in before putting hers.
After 4 minutes, Ron placed his in.
Gripping the parchment in one hand while holding the lid, she brought her hand to its mouth.
With a little hesitation dropped the parchment and pulled back her hand.
As it passed over the edge of the lid a sharp pain passed through her index.
She quickly pulled back her hand.
"Something cut me" "Did you bleed?"
Blaise asked frantically She shook her head in the negative.
After that they left.
But unbeknownst to her her blood dropped into the liquid causing it to shine bright.
