Frustration now fully replaced by curiosity and a racing heart, I kicked the blankets off and staggered down the hall to my roommates bedroom."Mon?
Shane stood at the top of the stairs of the clubs entrance, leaning against the frame of the double doors.
It could become dizzying and exhausting when amongst crowds, which is why Shane had a tendency to avoid working music festivals or going anywhere with too many people.
As they passed him, The Girl looked right into his eyes, and mouthed, "I know what you can see.
But that was just a lucky coincidence; Shane was, well, uniquely gifted for this job.
It gave him a surprisingly casual demeanor for the head bouncer.
There was a new message, but this one said something different, "DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON.""What?
There was a girl, not unlike any other of the fresh-faced, glowing and smiling young girls in line.
What the hell could be happening, I thought, feeling the stirrings of real panic start to fill my body.
I gingerly placed Monica's feet on the table, then ran to grab the remote sitting on her night table.
The air tonight was unseasonably warm, though October had proved itself to be a crapshoot, weather-wise, for the past few years now.
Shane had been in the business for, seemingly, ever; his M. O.was known, understood, and respected by all bouncers.
And nothing ever surprised him, given the club scene.
My hand reached out from the messy nest of blankets I was buried under, and flopped onto the buzzing phone on my dresser.
This was just something he had the power to see.
"His mouth dropped and his gaze followed her as she waved goodbye to him and walked inside.
Shane, completely shaken, gave a loose confirmation that the girls could go in.
I practically jumped as it shocked my hand.
How?He had seen a young-looking girl or two in their thirties before, sure, but this?He wanted to smack his head, but that instinct would be futile; he wasn't a machine or program to reboot.
The numbers were always the same small window of low to upper twenties, with the occasional sprinkling of desperate thirties, and the pitifully fooling-no-one-fourties.
