Someone who had the ear of the President.
All we needed was the perfect candidate to go back in time.
Anyone with evidence of a protestor's identity was rewarded with 1 TV Shows bandwidth of streaming.
We were all children of the 1%, so the surcharges to browse "freely" didn't matter.
"said a beautiful brunette secretary standing in front of two golden doors, "Governor Barron Trump will see you now".
Someone who could directly influence the politics.
Six fucking years is how long it took us to build this time machine.
By 2038 the charge for "unlimited access" with Pentagon level upload and download speeds was about $40,000/month per user, which was great, but there's no fun to be had in a empty theme park as quiet as a graveyard.
We had underground cells of about 100 people in the major cities, a total of 324 people all together.
President Trump, now borderline immortal won again and again, with "no-collusion" in every win.
But who could protest?Any protest assembled online would be immediately shut down for violation of "Terms and Conditions" clauses that you had to agree with even just to watch other people browse the internet (yes this was a thing, pushed the Twitch streaming service to open at the NYSE at $69.00/share).Protests in person were unorganized and were never able to gain traction as the rewards for stopping them were too good.
Someone who was unsuspecting, someone who nobody would ever presume would be a time traveler.
Someone who could save us all."Sir?
Ironically Twitter was free, and anyone who tweeted in support of the President or against the "Fake News Media" was rewarded with credits that they could spend on other sites, a vicious never ending cycle of lies and propaganda, but if it meant free Netflix?Fuck it.
Candidates were selected based on their internet activity (and how dank their memes were) back when it was free, easily accessible through a few thousand dollars in bribes.
All resistances needed to be financed and I was a key player in making this happen.
Surprisingly enough, similar to how we stole rocket technology from the Nazi's in WWII, we had recruited and stolen technology from the North Koreans who had expanded the average human life by 200 years.
Under the cover of war the 22nd Amendment was abolished and Trump repeatedly won re-election.
Everyone thinks that money can buy you happiness.
With the help of Russian and China, President Donald Trump successfully destroyed and conquered North Korea, all without a single nuke going off.
