"This time Bard didst speak up, "I thinkst I may hurl, if I imagine it so.
"He said unto him, "Thou hast said.
Then saith Jesus unto Brad and Chad "Verily, if thou thinkst that's bad, ye need only wait to heareth thine own charges.
"Brad spake unto him the Lord, "We hath scattered and shalt scatter again if thou makest us smell Simon's feet again like thou did earlier went thou washed them"  "Not like that," Jesus explained, "Thou shalt ditch me whilst I am crucified, but after I am risen again, I will go before you into Galilee.
""Yea" spake the Lord "It is necessary".And he took the cup, and gave thanks, and gave it to them, saying, "Drink ye all of it; For this is my blood of the new testament, which is shed for many for the remission of sins.
"Then the Lord proceedeth to scribble the charges of Brad in the sand.
When the Lord had calmed them, the fourteen cometh with Jesus unto a place called Gethsemane, and he saith unto the disciples, Sit ye here, while I go and pray yonder.
"The lord continued, "The Son of man goeth as it is written of him: but woe unto that man by whom the Son of man is betrayed!it had been good for that man if he had not been born.
"sayeth Brad, high-fiving Chad.
""What sayest thou now suck up?
(Taken from the *Revised* King James bible, containing *all 6* gospels)**   And as they did eat, he said, "Verily I say unto you, that one of you shall betray me.
I thinkst I shall pray for you guys for thou needst it more than I do"
"And he spake again, "I verirly believe that thou hast had a little too much blood to drink, brah"  And so Lord the let ou a sigh and spake, "*Fine*, I will not drink henceforth of this fruit of the vine, until that day when I drink it new with you in my Father's kingdom.
**The gospel of Brad, Chapter 26, beginning at the 21st verse.
"Chad and Brad went bonkers crying, "oOOOoooHhhh!
Then Jesus said unto Peter, "Verily I say unto thee, That this night, before the cock crow, thou shalt deny me thrice.
Peter answered and said unto him, "Though all men shall be offended because of thee, yet will I never be offended.
Brad did turn unto Chad and saith "Thou suckest, brah"  Then the Lord wrote the charges of Chad.
"Chad then said unto him, "Jesus, tis totally Judas"  And the lord did reply unto Chad, "No duh, Brad, weren't thou listening?
"And they were exceeding sorrowful, save for Chad who had "verily called it" to Brad a  near fortnight ago.
