His actions were first brought to my attention when unit #3 mysteriously exploded during an otherwise standard operation.
The only warning we had was the small smoke trail we could see quickly snaking its way towards our helicopter.
The next 15 seconds were pure terror.
My methods have been criticized by many but the ends justify the means.
IM the one who has saved lives, IM the one who has brought change and they still have the gall to send some Oxford educated moron with an easy smile and a suave accent to my door.
I was warned it was him theyd send to shut us down.
My right leg is shattered and Im starting to feel cold  &nbsp; &nbsp;  (Be gentle, this is my first ever attempt at a prompt)
Another few million up in smoke, the third in as many months.
The core objective of my project is rerouting parts of vast underground water supplies in these improvised regions bringing life where there is none.
As I lay here I can only hope that the helicopter crashing has alerted my operations team.
When I my eyes finally adjusted to the light I saw the burning wreckage some 5 meters away.
Water supplies are more limited in the bigger cities where I operate and the rich can no longer run their fountains or water then extravagant lawns daily but Ive made a difference.
My technical team didnt file the final report from their expedition.
The response came slowly with a well practiced smugness, rolling off the tongue like a sickly treacle as if rehearsed in a mirror.
Their last digital logs said the tunnels looked good and the drilling had progressed well but the machine itself had clearly been sabotaged as it was buried by a partial cave in strewn with shards of twisted metal.
Feedback from the sensors had been good, completely nominal operation across the board and then nothing.
I must have been thrown clear, or did I jump?...I heard footsteps approaching and I turned to see the outline of a man slowly approaching over the sand.
I dont consider myself a criminal, I am simply balancing the scales.
My project has admittedly cause some minor inconveniences.
For years now Ive worked with the down trodden of this world.
