"We must destroy them" commented raxus the 7th, who proceeded to collapse onto the floor  "Our survival as a species required the finding and destruction of this relic of antiquity" Serene trade minister moorveus uttered before disintegrating on sight  Then the Head general and holder of the command orb stood, to give a solemn proposition: "We must both squash these pretenders to our infinite power, and simultaneously launch a tactical strike on Orbeus, for the device must be located on our 5th planet!
The counsel was in an uproar.
With no other species in the galaxy, the unborn only had to worry about their own people.
The machine was a disaster.
Finally, the age old and intimidating question arose: "Had another species risen to intelligence?
For many, it was a godsend as their lifetimes can often be dull and repetitive.
Meanwhile, Blorg's device was more of a legend than an actual device, and many only thought it was an empty threat from the government (In reality, their population remained in a slight decrease for generations).The counsel quickly convened to order the screening of the galaxy for this other species.
A couple thousand dead here, a million there.
It was a disaster that their society couldnt comprehend.
The holder of knowledge sat quietly as these people were shredded before their eyes, and shakily stood up to state their opinion "MmmMmMMaybe.... We spare these equal beings, and strive to survive with what we have..." They closed their eyes with fear and cold resolve, and did not die.
However, one day, the plague struck.
Instead, the chamber fell silent for several long minutes until the science minister opened their eyes, and sat with defeat and desolation in their heart.
Their dynasties and traditions were threatened by the haphazard die-offs, which had no regard for social class.
For the first eon when this problem was observed, it was chalked up to suicide.
"why did blorg have to make the death so dramatic" one bystander said  "shall we just leave the earthlings to their own devices" another stated  "AYE" the rest of the chamber roared as they fled to their homes, to live their lives in fear of the humans, and the idiotic blorg....
In the beginning, it was just murmurs.
BRAVE AND IMMORTAL, THI" The emperor proceeded to explode into a mess of organs and, defiant to the last, tried to scream even as her head flew off her corpse.
"The galaxy was big and yet it never happened before.
"He then screamed and was shredded into multiple pieces.
The Emperor supreme, who had seen this display with a curiosity she never had before, rose up from her eternal boredom, and said "WE ARE THE UNBORN!POWERFUL AND DETERMINED.
