All the common tropes of purgatory still exist, people coming and going as they are judged and found either worthy of the next step or not, endless waiting with seemingly nothing to do, impending sense of doom over you past actions all of that good stuff.
Its not a science, it has no set rules other than the four judges must be someone you knew and have cause to fit into the categories for judgement.
Let us see if we cant move you to the next step of your journey.___  *From Judas Iscariot to unnamed woken soul in Limbo 2024 AD*
Some of the more sanctimonious among us fall back hard upon their doctrine of choice and try to justify what they are experiencing.
Towering works of millions of individuals with nothing to do but plenty of time do it in.
Those unsavory characters in life found their talents useless here, for if you kill someone, they just wake back up soon after.
Others of us try to carve out a life and give our stay in Limbo some sort of meaning.
While we dont know exactly how it works, as I said before, we do know we can influence who our adjudicators are.
Contrary to popular belief, purgatory isnt some dark room or blinding light rail station to nowhere.
A massive city sprawls as far as you can see.
How specific people are chosen if you saved or killed a lot of people are a mystery to us here in purgatory.
Hundreds of thousands of people spanning thousands of years and a multitude of cultures.
Right?Well there is the catch What happens when the person selected to adjudicate you wasnt born until 200 years after your death?How does that happen?You poisoned the earth, you created the next super bug, your seemingly in consequential actions added up to the death of thousands well after your life time, take your pick.
You see, there is a bit of a loophole here in Limbo.
We call it Limbo, a bit on the nose, I know, but better other names that have been suggested.
So young woken one, tell me who you have wronged, who you have cherished, who you have hurt, who you have saved, and those you have killed.
Most of us realize that this system is utterly broken and try to find something to do with our time.
Sights that would put MC Escher to shame because of all the hands that have shaped this city.
I connect these dots, help these poor souls move on from Limbo to the next stage, for better our worse.
It takes most by surprise when they wake up here.
