I never fit in anywhere - not even at *r/writingprompts.
I joined *r/writingprompts* because the only thing that seemed to keep me alive was writing - even if no one would ever read it.
My second and final conversation ended with one of his peers *punching* down.
Two days ago I was escaping a rainy, freezing New York City - and the grips and trappings of an unglamorous but homeful Chinatown.
Most of my friendships, long and short, close and distant, ended like that.
Thoughts ran through my head which I had heard a million times before but stung me all the same.
In one swift motion, I instinctively glanced at my Reddit profile, checked my karma after my last lengthy comment post on *r/worldbuilding*, and my heart sank as it always did, a mooring that kept me trapped in this circular thinking.
I dragged my feet every day for what must have been my whole life - yet only twenty years - until the last six months - when I resolved that I would, at least, lift them up high enough for them to not leave a mark anywhere.
Reddit was only a buffer and a distraction from what crippled my own legs - perhaps it was what caused it to begin with, but my connection to the internet has become an integral part of my life.
I read the top of *r/writingprompts*, and sighed arrogantly.
Six months later and I looked back, and I was no further than two paces from where I started.
Today I listed, quietly, in the apartment of my mother's parents, and prepared myself for loss.
Unevent after unevent didn't happen, leaving me to dwell on my past.
Last week was a high point for me; today was the aftermath, like sweeping the pieces of a great, grand, beautiful explosion of life.
*  On the most cheerful day of the year, amidst the most cheerful thread of the subreddit, I sat still and quietly wondered to myself what would actually be the final straw that tipped me off the edge - and contemplated how much hope I had left to waste on thinking it wouldn't come sooner than expected.
I was not well liked, and I was not well accepted.
And so, today, I contemplated my life - and, as many times before, my death.
The air dried to a crispy, Massachusetts winter torrent outside.
Someone would hurt me, and I would not be remembered.
*Good night, Reddit*, I said softly.
