Even as we speak, the riots have spread beyond Scotland.
Thanks Rowling's just said that she plans to donate all the existing Harry Potter books to Comic Relief, the charity she's teamed up in the past, and write a sober follow-up book charting out exactly how the social system allowed Harry, Ron and Hermione to spiral down the cracks.
Our correspondent Joanna Mitchells is on the ground.
Not even socks are going to set us free.
President-Elect Donald Trump Tweeted 'good riddance to bad rubbish - don't need our kids learning witchcraft anyway', prompting outcry and backlash from both members of the alt-right and liberal media - it looks like the issue of the Potgate scandal has managed to unite, if temporarily, a divided country.
The Pope has just released a press statement urging his followers to stay calm and with equal temperament, with a reminder that God will heal all wounds, magical or non-magical.
Hi!I'm Joana Mitchells, reporting with the BBC, covering this unique protest.
I mean, first Harper Lee published that stupid sequel to *To Kill a Mockingbird* and then R. R. Martin did that thing to Hodor and now this?I just - I just can't take it anymore, you know?
Some of the things people are saying - we have a slideshow of the most popular - here's a picture of Alan Rickman ooking tearful, with the caption 'Always' - an angry emoji and the words 'we solemnly swear we're upto no good' that the Black Lives Matter - hold on, hold on...  Wow.
Breaking news: the hacktivist group Anonymous has just declared Rowling as their next target, saying that by choosing to make this about politics is against the virtues that Harry Potter espouses.
In India, Hong Kong, greater Britain and parts of America, there are reports of clashes with police, armed looting and robbery - Mugglenet, originally a famous hub of Harry Potter activity, is urging everyone to just calm down, but there's an upswelling of anger and resentment that just might spill over into something bigger.
What we're seeing now is just absolute chaos - just horrible bedlam and pandemonium.
Follow us on Twitter, or look out for updates on our website.
I don't think anyone's ever going to forget tonight.
Rumours that the Pottermore site had been hacked were rife, but Rowling herself followed up with a series of Twitter posts successively describing what pundits worldwide are calling the 'biggest scandal in publication history'.The streets of Scotland are pouring now with bereaved and angry fans, many of whom appear to have formed an impromptu candelight vigil.
Traffic is backed up for kilometers along the area, rioting is breaking out in certain neighbourhoods, and we're getting reports that the mayor has convened an emergency meeting to discuss bringing in military pacifiers.
!Oh my *bleep*ing - hey, hey, John, she's writing another *bleep*ing book!LIKE AN ACTUAL BOOK ABOUT THE DRUG STUFF!Freaking unbelievable, man.
Stock markets worldwide have taken a massive hit, and the British pound just went down by 20%.Next up, we have our weekly show by Stephen Colbert, but we'll keep you updated on this developing story.
Now Anonymous is largely decentralized, so it is possible this is just one lone fringe member choosong to be extreme - but either way, guys, this is huge.
The grief is palpable and there's a feeling of lost regret and nostalgia among the participants - in fact, let's talk to one of the fans now.
