"Nevermind that" Hitler replied, gazing beyond the paint brushes, paint, and above the man's twitching eyebrow.
There's an obscure law of physics where having a 'fro causes your DNA to stretch during time travel resulting in random face twitches that occur long after you return home and sometimes immediate death can occur by your lungs freezing up and you stop breathing.
Bob wasn't afraid of time travel, or possible excruciating death or Hitler.
Even the best of the time traveling assassins from the various eras of the afro don't like to risk it and thus they always cut their hair.
The condition is known as Twice the Time Travel or what scientists call TTTT (mathematicians and lazy people simply say quad T).Ever since time travel became mainstream every scientist from every era has made it their quest to make the connection between afros and this tragic disease, the only known side effect of time travel.
"I've come to help teach you to paint all your dreams on a canvas".
Bob holds out a fistful of paintbrushes and some paint.
Hitler paused, he had never seen an afro before.
Maybe he could even take over the world.
His eyes fixed on the hair.
He was absorbed in his own head, thinking about his mustache and how it didn't hold a candle in the wind to this stranger's hair.
"I want to ask YOU about something"....
Hitler didn't notice the eyebrow twitch.
"I know you don't know me, but I know you" Bob stated.
His left eyebrow started to twitch.
Bob locked eye contact with Hitler, who was staring.
Some of the best minds from the future, the ones who cured cancer and created the machines to turn salt water into fresh water have tackled this science mystery but there has been no other solution but to simply get rid of the beautiful 'fro.
Time itself seems to transform again in these agonizing final minutes of desperately wanting air but your lungs won't move.
How could he get his own hair to do the same?Women had always eluded Hitler.
He felt if he could learn how to do his hair like this man's he could have any woman he wanted.
