

Realistically, only the trading support provided for straight-forward gas and power trading makes sense to consider in a cost per transaction mode.  I would say that the only part of IT Development costs that could be considered in that would be the system maintenance costs and maybe the licensing fees.  Capital projects don't make sense on a cost per transaction basis - should be looked at as individual discreet costs that the business unit sponsor and ENW agree upon. 

While we could come up with a methodology for cost per transaction, I still have concerns about this on a lot of levels.  Frankly, the relationship between the book administrators and traders is just as collaborative as the EOL relationship.  If we are boxed into a cost per transaction, then whenever <NAME/> Lavorato or the traders ask for a different view of data or an ad hoc analysis of P&L, we would need to discuss this as a change order and price accordingly.  Practically speaking, there is not one of the ad hoc trader requests that isn't needed yesterday, and stopping to negotiate whether the request is in or out of scope and additional pricing would probably get me and my risk team fired!  I also have a big concern over pushing the envelope on an arms length service arrangement.  I will have trouble recruiting and retaining the best people.  The guys on my operations team honestly work every day with the business goals of EA in mind.   They work hard to insure success for EA.  That is what <NAME/> and <NAME/> should want.  Push us back too far and no one will like the results if we don't have people fully dedicated to and feeling a part of the business to which they provide support.  It is kind of ironic.  I think that <NAME/> is pleased with how I've managed operations, and one of my goals when I took the role a few years back was to create a true team between commerical and my operations team to make sure that this works for <NAME/>.  I have some really good people who are very motivated, and a big part of that is my commitment to have operations viewed as an integral part of the team at EA, EGM, EIM, etc.  We had to work hard to achieve that, but we've gotten there for the most part.  So how odd it is to me that now some people want to undo what has been a major contributor to the success that we have had.  EES is reeling right now partly because they have never recognized the value of creating a good operations team, nor did they approach operations as an integral part of managing their business in full.  And now I have been asked to help correct that.  Makes you kind of wonder...

I am fully supportive of running operations (and ENW) like a business, with a critical eye toward delivering value effectively.  When I first took this role I told my team that at that time we were the service provider of circumstance and that the goal was to move to a feeling that we were the service provider of choice.  A component of this is definitely striving for lower costs and higher value delivered.  We can continue to improve on this, but going too far may produce the wrong answer for <NAME/>.  --<NAME/>
