""I'm sorry Mr. Oker, I..."  "Please, call me Joker.
""It might," she said, standing to show Roger out.
""No, sir," I said with a nervous laugh.
""Oh, shrinkage you say!"Mr.
""Or rebellion," Penny observed.
"A ten dollar bill," I said.
"And that's when he punched me.
"But have you really got anything to lose?
"But some self-righteous people really think that it's their job to tell me how to live.
"Don't worry about it," she continued.
"He chuckled again, before continuing.
"Here's where we keep the raw materials, Jerry.
"I leapt at the chance to start talking professionally.
"In fact, I'd never let it go if someone stole from me.
"It just happened again two weeks ago.
"Just getting some fresh air.
"Most of us already know you sneak out here sometimes.
"Penny nodded, seeming to think his words over.
"Sam slumped his shoulders, then took another drag.
"The mother picked the little girl up, and moved to another seat, glaring at Sam.
"Well Jerry, finders-keepers, am I right?You can apply it toward your bill, or just pocket it.
'He couldn't smoke at work, that had been outlawed long ago.
*  The alarm clock kicked on again, this time with a perfectly timed ad for Just Quit gum, flavored with Sam's favorite cherry flavoring.
*Maybe today should be the day*, Sam thought.
A preacher of some kind stood in front of the grave, droning on in the bored tone of a man who wasn't getting paid enough to eulogize a man he didn't care about.
A small head popped up over the seat in front of him, looking Sam straight in the eye.
After a couple minutes of silence, Penny spoke.
Again, I almost gave up on the whole thing, which in hindsight, I should have.
Avoiding your hallucinations doesn't seem to be working.
But I guess this means I'm still crazy," she said.
But during long, trying mornings, like the one Sam was having, he snuck out behind the building to have a quick smoke.
But it sounds like I'm just certifiably crazy.
Conveyor belts had been put in, and there were toys in various states of construction spread throughout."Hello?
Do you know what self-righteous means?
Figured no one else would be out here on account of, well, you.
Halfway through the cigarette, Sam checked his watch.
He made it just as the bus arrived.
He snapped his laptop shut, and lit up a cigarette out of spite.
Her honesty was refreshing.
I figured a guy with this much cash wouldn't miss it.
I hoped that this new cocktail of drugs was going to do the trick too.
I just like to relax with a cigarette sometimes," Sam answered.
I spun around and looked for the source of the voice, but didn't see anyone.
I was working as at a bank, and a pretty strange guy came in to open an account.
I watched as he dramatically heaved an enormous lever.
I'll admit, it wasn't my proudest moment.
It helps me relax, so I'm going to keep doing it until it's not worth it.
It took my mind off the strange circumstances I was in.
It was Penny who broke the silence again.
It's better than being alone.
It's right around then my stomach starts growling at me and I remember I left my lunch at home.
Just the kind of day to finally drop that nasty habit.
Liz lifted her gaze from the grave, and her tear filled eyes met Roger's.
Liz looked at him, and smiled.
Maybe some connection to the real version of her will help you move on from your subconscious' obsession with her.
My voice echoed around the warehouse a bit.
No lights were coming out of this massive, old building.
Not that I found this out immediately.
Oker gave in to another fit of laughter.
Oker stepped over to me and took the bill from my hand.
One I didn't recognize at first.
One of the leading causes of those businesses going under is shrinkage, either at the till or in the inventory.
Overly loud to cover his insecurities, laughs obnoxiously at his own jokes, weird clothes.
Plops it down on my desk and has me set it all up for him.
Roger looked at her, studying her expression.
Sam climbed out of bed, and shut the clock off.
Sam groaned into his pillow.
Sam moved quickly to hide his cigarette.
Sam was letting out a deep breath of smoke when one of his co-workers stepped out.
Sam went to work, where he endured more constant chastisement for his 'bad habit.
Save your breath, and don't bother trying to refer me to someone else.
She seemed to recoil slightly as he came and stood next to her.
She was still staring at him, but now her expression turned to confusion.
So I'll be giving you the tour.
The preacher turned on heel, and left them standing by the open grave.
The two of them stood there wordlessly while the preacher finished his ceremony.
The two of them were quiet again.
They'll save your life," the clock radio blared.
Things have been a little tight around the home front with a new baby, so I'm feeling strapped.
Those that weren't were covered in a thick layer of grime that made it impossible to see inside.
You'd better take it."Mr.
Your case *is* baffling to me, but I enjoy the challenge.
