"Time will begin to move again", he proudly proclaimed.
"Time will begin to move again", he proudly proclaimed.
########## The first time the incident occurred I was in a busy mall.
A man with golden hair yelled out "Za Warudo!
A man with golden hair yelled out "Za Warudo!
A moment later she fell forward.
A moment later she fell forward.
And with that, he went on with his business as if nothing had happened.
And with that, he went on with his business as if nothing had happened.
Apparently the golden-haired man couldn't physically touch him, so he precisely threw a knife at his throat.
As I grieved for the death of the old man, his apparent grandson received the critical knowledge of that man's ability.
As time began to move again, he flew backwards from the impact.
As time began to move again, he flew backwards from the impact.
But most importantly of all, my boss gave me a 5% pay raise with a free package of Oreos.
But sadly he was no match for this man.
But what of the young politician?He continued to receive his package of cookies and creme every month on the dot.
Even though I had finally met my tormentor, I felt such an immense pressure emanating from this man.
Eventually some foreigners confronted him, but there was nothing I could do.
Eventually some foreigners confronted him, but there was nothing I could do.
First a high school student who could manifest this green webbing of some sort thought he had cornered him.
Foreign powers were blamed and soon the entire world crumbled into chaos; minus one company that is.
He credited Oreo for giving him hope in this wasteland of our country.
He even handed out Oreos to cancer-ridden children on the verge of death.
He hired our staff to run his campaign in the settlements across America's ruins.
He killed the man!Or so I thought.
He was full of hope, optimism, and most importantly charisma.
He was the first president to be unanimously elected to office.
His background was squeaky clean and he didn't seem likely to be corrupted by power or money.
I braced myself for the first punch, but his fist stopped mid-swing.
I braced myself for the murder that was going to unfold in front of my eyes in mere seconds.
I bumped into the person in front of me and apologized, but I got no response.
I couldn't exactly comprehend it, but apparently he is immortal.
I couldn't risk my life for these people.
I couldn't risk my life for these people.
I don't know all the details, but the result was Nuclear warheads detonating within our border.
I had to follow this man to stay out of his line of sight at all times.
I looked into every employee's background and then some.
I made damn sure that "Oreo" and "Pedophile" were never in the same headline.
I made damn sure that I did my job.
I picked a young politician.
I quickly used my advantage to retaliate and back away.
I used this chance to flee.
I used this chance to flee.
I watched knowing that it was useless for him to keep fighting (or at least the man thought so).However there was a glimmer of hope!The kid moved in stopped time!It seems like the first twitch was a trick with a magnet, but the sucker-punch was no illusion.
If he saw me move in stopped time, I was dead.
If he saw me move in stopped time, I was dead.
In the time spent following him, I saw some truly bizarre shit.
Instead I had to watch in horror and hope they could figure it out on their own.
It started pretty normally, but I wanted to make absolutely sure that nothing spoiled our good name.
It started with maintaining our social media accounts.
It would only last a few seconds each time, but that was enough for me to collide with someone.
Most importantly, our products were still being consumed by the masses.
Multiple employees were let go before the police received anonymous, credible reports of hard evidence detailing a wide variety of crimes.
My own body froze, and probably for a good reason: the man casually stuck a knife through someone's neck.
My own body froze, and probably for a good reason: the man casually stuck a knife through someone's neck.
Nabisco hired me to make sure Oreos stayed the family-friendly cookie that they've been for the past few decades.
Oh boy, I was in for a fight.
Oh boy, I was in for a fight.
Our factories were now shelters for the common folk.
Our social media offered advice on how to stay safe in the post-apocalyptic world.
Perplexed, I noticed that EVERYTHING had stopped in that moment.
Quick media buzz for a month or so, then a lifetime of word-of-mouth for one "lucky" individual.
Resolving bad experiences evolved into preventing them from happening in the first place.
Sadly, a few of them lost their lives in that process.
Seeing my "quick" movements, everyone backed away.
Seeing my "quick" movements, everyone backed away.
She screamed, and a bunch of tough-looking guys approached me.
She screamed, and a bunch of tough-looking guys approached me.
Some contest where the winner would receive a package of Oreos every month for the rest of their life.
Super easy to enter, and all recipient names were hidden.
That didn't stop the kid from trying though.
That man was finally dead.
The fight was so ridiculous that it ended with the two punching their way through a fucking road roller!wtf, where did that come from?But the kid did it, and my hell was over.
The following battle was too crazy to fully explain.
The next to fall was an old man who could create this weird purple vine.
Then 2020 hit and even I couldn't have predicted the massive Civil War that broke out.
Then we ran the promotion.
There was no way for me to set the pedal back to normal if I pressed too hard, so I could easily speed up if I wasn't paying attention.
This man was extremely dangerous, but I couldn't let him notice me.
This man was extremely dangerous, but I couldn't let him notice me.
Tracking him was difficult, but it was all worth it in the end.
What a bitch!Not only did she ignore me, but she completely over-reacted with such a delayed response.
What a bitch!Not only did she ignore me, but she completely over-reacted with such a delayed response.
What the general public doesn't know is that I get to decide who wins, and I'll make it whoever will give us the most long-term advertising use.
Worse yet was if I was driving.
Worse yet was if I was driving.
You would think that moving through stopped time would be cool, but I soon realized that I had no control over it.
he first time the incident occurred I was in a busy mall.
