""The others are approaching.
"She had always hated that title--commander.
A single life in a single point of time meant nothing to them.
A tight black skirt hugged her figure.
An extended holiday weekend meant I had five days before it got here and in that time, I had to hit number one.
And he snapped his finger.
And virginitys not the problem!I just dont want sacrifices.
Anthony put up a finger to protest.
Arana, the high priestess of the dark elves and one of the few who dared openly talk against Orglord raised her brow.
At least he killed someone before his trip ended.
At one point in time, they had all been me.
But I found you on Facebook and pointed at you and said thats the one.
Dude, Galmroh said, awe in his voice.
Fiction or not, it was the most real thing I had ever done.---  --- for 5+ stories weekly and ~200 stories already written!
First of all, I still have a few good years left.
Five days out of the week except for holidays and paid time off, the government stocked him here.
Have him swallow that and hell be fine in seconds.
He didnt remember a time before his beer belly and faded eyes, yet here he was, chiseled.
He grabbed a die and tossed them onto the table.
He sat in idle traffic for fifteen minutes and though the necromancer pressed him for actions, he simply waited through it.
He walked into the living room just in case and dialed the number.
He wore a navy blue suit without a single crinkle.
Her legs moved on their own, pistoning her forward away from the creatures.
I guess youve never heard the word restraint?
I had an annual tradition of bringing my grandkids to their grave so I could take another shot of whiskey with my father and give my mother lilies as gold as her hair.
I love you too, I told them all and I closed my eyes.
I mean, your trip was totally lame, but your next onell be better.
I was never meant to live, he told himself and us.
If Sarah had to guess, a frat boy had wandered drunkenly into the wrong building and somehow past the maximum level of US security clearance to arrive here still looking for a spot to piss in.
If Tyler were to write his story, he wouldnt know whether to make this man the villain or the hero.
If not a strange name, then certainly a strange title.
If this was still a prank, it was far more elaborate than anything he'd ever experienced.
If you decline my offer, I will drop you off back home and we will never speak again.
Im really not comfortable with this.
Instead, Jeff just rolled across the ground, his face purple as he began choking.
It crept from shadow to shadow, watching this scene unfold.
It was wrapped in cheap paper.
It wasnt fear exactly, they were *unsettled*.It felt as if a single voice or jerky movement would tear apart the fragile peace and unleash something upon them.
It wont hurt, he tells me.
Its feet sloshed through the water, the sound of its steps bouncing off the moss-infested stone walls.
Jeff Kingsley yelped and his gun clattered onto the ground.
Looking back, I wonder if we were as foolish as the *Angels*.We, who were content with dying in our little blazes of glory, having accomplished nothing but thinning their ranks by just a bit.
Make those bastards pay for what they took ten times over.
Me, I believed it a promise.
Mikey, the fact that Master Splinter has to keep telling you about it is proof enough that you dont get it, Donatello growled.
Money didn't grow from trees and even if it did, she was too short and him too blind to reach it.
My next reincarnation was a baby with deep blue eyes and pink skin named George.
Nobody mentioned it, nor the sinking feeling in their stomach.
Okay!Okay!You guys arent free.
Only problem is that I only have one and truthfully, this was going to be your antidote.
Our Master has demanded so.
She couldnt even tell who screamed it.
She dashed through Derry, Maines underground labyrinth, leaving behind only her screams.
She had a suspicion what this was about.
She had certainly done her research.
She had more pressing matters to attend to, such as Georges mother, whose heart rate was steadily growing out of control and her breathing stuttered.
She nodded and put pen to paper.---  We are about to unleash the deadliest weapon humanity has ever conceived.
She says that she knows how hard you work and how much you care, even if you refuse to say.
So if we make a string of bad investments, even when we lose, we make money, just not as much.
So once again, I entertain him.
So you were one of those people that escaped?
So, Im here to babysit you?
Tears filled my eyes as I flew back home.
Thanks, I said, but Aaron wasnt the giving type.
The barbarian warlord lowered himself back into his chair.
The edge of Pennywises lips curled into a daggers point.
The first thing you see are your wifes suitcase, already packed.
The players nodded with him.
The spot he chose was out of the way.
The worlds greatest hero now working on some memory altering production line.
Their deaths werent tragic.
There were a trillion stars above me and I knew that around one of them, on one planet, was a girl with wild grassy eyes still clutching her grandpas hand.
There, George stood, the gun rigid in his hand.
These new aliens, they wanted our earth.
This is this This is real, he finally finished.
To be fair, I injected the kill pill long before you so this ones not entirely your fault.
Victory was always so bittersweet.
Violence, hate, war, disease, inequality, the world needed a fresh start.
We are dirt beneath his feet.
Well, of course all deaths are tragic, especially deaths of parents.
With every passing step, though they walked toward the sun, the shadows encroached and the air became a bit more brittle.
You step up to the door and open it, the necromancer said.
Your wife brings out another set of suitcases.
it asked under its breath.
