""And they asked us to save them?
""I suppose it does," I say, twirling a pen in my right hand.
""Shall we upload the schematics now?""Yes.
"A small voice, heavily accented timidly wafts over the moans and groans of dying men and women.
"Bit of a sad story, but still, it's just curiosity.
"I believe my translator made an error," it says.
"I'm not easy to find," I say, the dust clotting my throat.
"She speaks without really considering what I may have to say on the subject.
"So the primary reason for this exchange is technological, I take it?
*  "I think you know what I'm going to ask you, Mr. Richardson.
*  "Well, now I do, I think.
*  *Part of me is something...else.
*  *So that's interesting.
*  Elementary school security officer one, psychotic serial killer zero.
* the man thinks, looking at the blade lying limp in the dead man's hand.
*Newfound immortality can sometimes make you lose sight of consequences.
*What the hell is that, what do you even call it?
*When a soul enters me,* it would speak softly, drowning out every thought and part of you, *I send them here.
*You can make the man change for the better.
A bustle of activity, of locked doors and hurried calls.
A human galaxy.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  r/storiesfromapotato ########## *Where am I?
A little pile of Japanese steel that glinted and sparkled, despite the day being entirely overcast.
A meat crayon on a back road somewhere.
A no bullshit kind of lady.
All the council races could do was pray, and fight for as long as they could.
An important distinction, but here was a planet capable of sapping most of the galactic population limit.
An ugly, hoarse and hopeless thing.
And there's always profit to be found in the most unlikely of places.
At least my voice is normal.
Dedicate hundreds of years to it, but it's never enough.
Do you remember the ridiculous methods?The crushed emeralds and the balancing of humors and all that ridiculous nonsense that probably killed more than it could possibly save?Keep them alive, keep the blood inside.
Fool me twice?Well that just makes you a sucker.
Frozen to the ground, unable to move or speak or scream, I wait for the void.
He was some kook who refused to leave his house since basically the 1940s, whittling away his father's fortune in a refusal to interact with the rest of the world.
Hell, they never expected their android servants to begin resisting and destroying their own creators.
Humans seemed to enjoy pattern recognition, and to enhance galactic cohesion most systems were designed to be easily replicated and understood across species.
Humans, were quite the different story.
I do what I can now, to make up for what I did so long ago.
I don't need blood anymore.
In almost every war and conflict, saving who I can, preventing infections before the humans truly understood what was going on.
In the next instant, they relax.
It matters little, I will come for her when the time is right.
It shakes its tendrils around its head in mock acceptance.
It's outgoing, not incoming.
Most of the time it could be trusted.
Nearly a dozen ships shocked into low orbit, only to be rendered full of holes and partially damaged.
Never enough lives saved.
Not bad for a peasant boy from Bohemia.
Perhaps if the galactic council had sought to control the amount of sapient life forms, the humans would have left them in peace.
Promising of a world torn apart by fire, divine and nuclear, all encompassing and devastating our planet.
She smiles at me, motioning for me to follow the men beside her.
So long ago, giving him water, shelter and care.
Some kind of sense of normalcy?A golden key to a life I've never had?I cut her off before she can work on her false attempts at convincing.
Some of the time it couldn't.
Sometimes you get those random flashes from the past, looking at those infected wounds.
Soon they would pour across the Milky Way, consuming all in their path.
That's the problem with being this old.
The blood, the blood, the blood.
The father tells the daughter.
The man who'd been unlucky enough to get caught in sniper alley moans softer now, though that may be the morphine kicking in.
The nurse does so, hopefully this'll help stop the bleeding.
Their grudges thousands of years old, built on a million and one arbitrary differences that confounded and terrified the humans.
Then the world becomes an Eden, a paradise of green and blue and health.
There's little time to accomplish what I must do.
They killed, they loved, they laughed, they plotted, the helped, they prayed, they raged, they envied, they shared and they lived.
Those without access to care, those without access to food or shelter.
Though they'll never beat the classic killers, the ones who ride moonbeams and sail through the night, slipping into rooms and draining men and women dry.
When they decided intelligence and stamina could let them dominate they planet, their species grew and consumed and destroyed and slaughtered and flourished.
When you hold the knife the world becomes very, very small, and a vision jerks you into the atmosphere, so far away you can see almost every inch of the earth bathed in flame.
With our upgrades, you should be able to craft spacecraft that are capable of faster than light travel."Excellent.
