""What would be the point?
"Bullshit," Melissa said.
"Every book within your reach contains every possible outcome of your life, from your earliest memory to your last," The Curator explained.
"I don't regret leaping out of that plane.
"I really wish you would read, Melissa," The Curator's voice said to her from a few paces behind.
"In here, you are your mind.
"Melissa didn't argue, and continued to follow.
"Melissa said with a blunt edge.
"Melissa was left alone with the red paperback in her hand.
"None of this is real," she muttered.
"So you do not wish to read?You do not wish to learn all your possible outcomes?
"That is...disappointing.
"The Curator nodded in a way that made her unsure she had made the right decision.
"The Curator turned to walk away."Why?
"Then it's time you turned that knob.
"This is the book of your life," the Curator began.
"We're on our way to your nook of the universe," the Curator said, in a deep, satisfying voice.
"What comes next for you might not be ...optimal.
"You're as real as you want yourself to be," The Curator said.
"she added before the Curator could speak up."Then... "
A door in front of her opened.
A large part of her wanted to sit and spend eons going over what could have been.
A woman with red hair walked in.
After passing untold numbers of books and peoples, at last they found an empty bench.
All the stars were wrong.
And then there was black.
Both she and the Curator ascended great stairways and turned corners and passed through oaken doors on their way to...
But if they did, they moved so slowly that she couldn't be sure they just weren't shimmering back and forth like little white fireflies.
But she didn't know why she was *here*, in this vast, open-sky library.
But that wasn't a satisfactory answer.
For a few hesitant moments, Melissa watched as his hand raised.
Gravity only seemed to work where people wanted it to work.
He gestured to the metal door.
Her hand went to open it, and a feeling of soothing kinship washed over her, like she were sitting down with an old friend.
Her sense memory filled her nose with the scent of a hundred-year-old bookstore, even though she could actually smell nothing.
Her smile certainly looked real enough.
I want to talk to people.
If he heard her calls, he ignored them as he turned pages.
In a flash, she wondered if *that* decision would end up in the book.
It felt older, more ancient than when she first saw it.
It was as long as she could see, and the man beside her gave a sense of comfort and awe.
It's not like she was in a rush to get anywhere; a "waste of time" was literally not a thing anymore.
Maybe the Curator just sensed it.
Melissa grumbled and sat cross-legged on an oaken table.
Melissa looked at the door again.
Melissa moved on to a young woman not far from him.
No Big Dipper, no Orion's Belt, nothing familiar at all.
She admitted to herself that maybe that's just the way things were, here in the afterworld.
She called out to the first person she saw, an old man with a beard wild enough to give her grandpa a run for his money.
She couldn't actually smell anything.
She did not remember any pain.
She felt like she had been scolded, and she prepared herself to stand firm.
She had a vague, blurry memory of seeing bright lights and blue gloves.
She kept her eye on the stars for a while, and maybe they were moving.
She landed on her feet this time.
She looked at all the books around her, and ran her hands across them, too.
She never lost her balance, and when she stopped, she was not out of breath.
She put her worn, red paperback down and started back the way she came.
She sat in one and examined the room further.
She stared at the plain, wordless cover.
She still couldn't feel any pressure, or smell anything, or breathe anything.
She thought about her last moments.
She took hold of the knob.
She twisted her wrist and pulled it open with a fluid motion.
She walked carefully, then sprinted down steps three or four at a time.
Something about how the Curator said "last" made Melissa feel uncomfortable.
The Curator of Eons halted.
The Curator of Eons led Melissa down the hall.
The book felt warm to the touch, like a friendly embrace.
The great hall led down a staircase.
The room she stood in wasn't all black, though.
The spine was already suffering from intense creasing and scuffing.
The walls, floors, and ceilings were lined with books of every aged color.
There was a sleek metal table with two chairs in front of her.
There were stars in the distance, but she wasn't looking at the real night's sky.
Was she even breathing?She stopped and tried, and her lungs seemed to work, but she couldn't feel any air enter.
When you are done, we will move on.
the Curator paused, choosing words carefully.
