""A global conflict is knocking on the door," War said, lifting her helmet and shaking out her fiery locks.
""I just have one word for you.
"*** If you liked this, you can find more of my stories over at r/Lilwa_Dexel ########## Okay, here we go, June said, spinning the wheels on her mechanical glove, which sent her on a dizzying ride through space and time.
"*** r/Lilwa_Dexel ########## The windswept waste calls out to me at night, weeping and howling like a hungry beast.
"Death said, turning to the others.
"Death tapped on the phone.
"Famine cried in frustration.
"I am speaking to you for the first time as your Empress.
"I let my words hang in the air for a while for effect, just as Ive practiced.
"I trust you've all taken great strides to pave my way?
"Inorai threw up her hands in frustration.
"Right now, Im your best friend, and I have years of experience in..."  She kept talking, but I zoned out and paced over to the balcony.
"Until my return...Ignorance is in charge!
"Wait, there's more," Death rumbled."Huh...
"Wasn't it enough that you set this world on fire, huh?
"Who are all these people?
"Youre actually going to?
*** r/Lilwa_Dexel ########## Cries of help bounced up the dirty concrete walls and through the rusty fire escapes.
A counter on the screen started ticking down.
A man in a black suit and hat sat alone in a booth, swiveling cubes of ice in what undoubtedly was a glass of scotch.
A quick reaping of the world.
A snowflake is one of Natures most beautiful creations, he said.
A sudden creak of metal sends a shiver down my back and my heart into overdrive.
Be that way, she thought and spun the wheel on her glove again.
Careful deliberation is the key to a great painting, Bob continued.
Covering my mouth, I force the coughing fit back down my throat again.
Death mumbled."Facebook...
Disgusted, I started wriggling into the skintight outfit of polytryazic silver.
Do I look like a flivver chauff?
Even through the smell of my cigarette, I caught a whiff of her expensive perfume.
First you need to understand.
From up here, you couldnt even see the lowest levels of the capital, and the sewers where Id grown up.
Gods no, she said and finally got up.
He cleared his throat, fixed his tie, and ran a comb through his hair."Well?
He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his chest pocket.
Her dark hair covers her face, and for a moment I'm worried that she's dead.
Her smile is the only thing that keeps me sane.
I made an ugly grimace at my reflection who didnt seem very pleased at seeing me either.
I placed my palm on it and felt a sting on the tip of my index finger as it scanned my print and took my DNA key.
I took a drag, shrugged, and then shifted a couple of feet toward her, covering her from the rain.
I used to tell myself that it was my duty to deliver them to her -- she did win the golden ticket -- but over the years I've come to realize that I do it as much for me as I do it for her.
Id hired her as soon as I found out that well, I was an *empress*.I let out a giggle.
If I remember correctly, back in the 16th century   Yeah, yeah, I couldnt handle the corsets, whatever, she said, rolling her eyes.
If your strokes are too fast and too many, your heart wont be able to keep up.
Ignorance looked up again, and this time pointed at himself, looking like a big question mark.
In the December dusk, the bubbles of light around the street lamps, whirling with specks of sparkling ice crystals, looked like oversized snow globes.
In the back of my mind, I know it's a lost cause.
It wasnt right that there were clothes more expensive than cities.
Just give me a little more time... it will happen!
Maam, step away from the wallet.
Modern scholars have placed Hitler among iconic conquerors such as Alexander the Great and Genghis Khan, and named him The Artist of Warfare.
My few possessions, lost.
She didnt have time to answer before another cry rang out from across the street.
She landed in a pub buzzing with activity, colorful bottles lined the wall behind the bar and yellow light radiated through heaps of stacked cups.
She was a green one  some upper-class bim, lost on the wrong side of the train tracks.
She's scared of everything, and rightfully so.
So, I need to pour my mind onto the canvas, Adolf said and made another series of quick strokes.
Son of a bitternut grifter  Id have to pay a visit to Masperoni after this.
Swallowing my breath, I tiptoe through the filth, my eyes searching through the corners.
Thanks, she mumbled and crouched down, strapping her shoe back on, and then started to pick up the items that had fallen out of her bag.
That she's finally given up.
The bleak dawn climbs up over the horizon.
The crown looked like the ribbon on a present wrapping and doodled in strings of mercury down my black hair.
The dark locks fall to the side, revealing her hollow cheeks, streaked by tears and lined by misery.
The loud echoes climbed the walls.
The place that had previously said Europe now had big capital letters spelling GERMANY.
The ruined cities of a world flushed down the drain.
They had no idea what it's like to salivate into a dry mouth at the mere thought the parcel in the back of my satchel.
Uh-huh, I muttered and started lighting a new cig.
Well start by conquering The Milky Way, and from there on, the rest of the universe.
What the hell Bob mumbled and grabbed his history book.
Why did I marry you back in the Antiques, I simply dont see it, June said.
Why dont you start by sitting down for a moment, Sweetheart?
Women in long dresses and updos danced to the live tunes of a jazz band, while the bartender idly polished the counter.
You have more obligations now than ever.
Zigzagging through a graveyard of rusting cars, jumping across the yawning fissures in the ground.
she asked, looking expectantly at my umbrella.
