A roaring laughter off to his side brought him back to himself.
Abraham hummed, turning towards Allen.
Abraham nodded approvingly.
Abraham said with a shrug.
Allen answered truthfully.
Allen coughed, embarrassed.
Allen had always had a way with words.
Allen had first stumbled across Thales Bar only days after his death.
Allen hadnt handled it very well at first.
Allen replied hastily, shaking his head.
Allen said, sliding into the only open seat beside the tall man.
Allen struggled to come up with an answer.
And I had a lot of Hemlock.
Easy for you to talk, fucking giant.
Ehhhh....  You still havent read it have you?
Fantasy, science fiction...that sort of thing.
Forgive him, he feels so small next to us he must measure himself in other ways.
He asked Whatve you been writing since you died?
He didnt know how long he sat there listening.
He glanced to the back of the bar to see a group of three men sitting in a round booth, chatting amongst themselves.
He said, stroking his mustache, But dont feel too bad.
He took a long puff on his cigars.
He was tall, barely appearing to fit in the booth, with short curly black hair and a neatly trimmed beard.
Hed wandered aimlessly for what felt like days, and very well might have been.
His Italian accent was strong even with the slight slur to his words.
His face was wrinkled but his eyes twinkled with youth as he laughed again.
How else am I suppose to lower my wits to you gentlemens levels?
I did some writing myself during my life.
I didnt mean to interrupt.
I gave you a copy weeks ago.
I guess it started out as a hobby.
I see youve met the boys.
If you had asked him before his death where he would end up after death, Allen would have winked and sarcastically replied he was surely destined for the deepest pits of hell.
Im just saying even Abe here taught himself to write.
In a log cabin, in the middle of the forest, on a shovel!
In fact if it werent for me-  Yes yes, Leonardo cut him off, rolling his eyes.
In fact, he hadnt been doing much of anything really.
In my time I frequented the theatre.
In truth he hadnt really believed there was anything that came after, but there was.
It only occurred to him,  how rude it might be inviting himself over, when he was already at the edge of the table.
It was almost funny, back when he was alive hed always joked that he would probably go out by ODing, but when it finally happened he just couldnt accept it.
It was cozy, the drinks were good, and it was tended by a kindly old man behind the counter.
It was damn hard to find a regular dive in a place that kept changing, but he liked this place.
It was dimly lit with red curtains hanging from the ceiling.
It was hard to tell the difference if you werent paying attention.
It was something I was good at.
It wasnt anything like that really.
Leather booths and polished glass tables were scrattered about.
Leonardo bellowed, good natured but still accusatory, The boys gotten caught up in the dream of the place.
Leonardo ribbed him as Thales disappeared once again.
Leonardo smiled a self satisfied smirk.
Off to see to his other guests.
Oh youre not interrupting anything more than some old mens chattering.
So it was he found himself wandering the every changing streets of the land beyond the living.
Sokratis burst out in laughter as Leonardo sulked.
Sokratis narrowed his eyes at him.
Sokratis paused, coughing in embarrassment, Well...my students did the actual writing, but I like to think I guided the hands that sketched the letters.
Sokratis replied with a nod.
Sokratis smiled, a sparkle in his eye.
Sometimes it resembled New York, where hed grown up.
Sometimes the roads were filled with so many people he had to push his way forward and shout to be heard above the crowd.
Sometimes, those hours of loosing myself in the story was all that got me through the day.
Still, Im not ashamed of the life I lived, even if I wish I could have done things different.
Thales had appeared once again and quickly refilled everyones glass.
The man on his left appeared slightly younger, with a few grey hairs left in his own beard that hung down in front of his tailored shirt.
The old man replied, before adding with a wink, So very good.
The older man said, taking a puff the cigar between his fingers.
The one called Leo jeered.
The place wasnt crowded, it never was.
Then he would a corner and find himself on a vacant street, his ears ringing in the sudden and absolute silence.
Then if you do not write, then what do you do?
They werent anything special.
This one always gets a bit animated when hes had a few.
Time flowed strangely in this place.
To be fair, we had a lot of shovels.
Today, the bar looked like fifties jazz lounge.
What had he been writing?He hadnt written anything.
What would be the point of that?He was dead.
Where all deviants and geniuses like him belong.
Would you like to join us?
You are welcome to join us if youd like though.
You dont say?What did you write about?I must admit Im not very caught up on the schools of thought from your time.
You should write that down.
