""Do you know what happened to me?
"Come on *Bee Brains*," The officer screamed, "Use that degree of yours"  The officer grabbed my sidearm off the ground.
"For the bees," I grunted.
"I asked, hoisting myself onto the wooden deck.
"I know you did some bad things but-" She explained "I'm a big fan.
"Pick it back up," I demanded.
"Please no," I croaked, my throat was dry.
"Uh, h-hey,"   I spun around clenching the toy firearm.
"You could summon spiders.
"You know I never really liked that memory stealing sap.
"she asked from the table, cutting into a biscuit with a small butter knife.
*Play it again*  I saw the sky.
*Shit*, I thought, *the front door is wide open*.I stood up and started walking.
*What if you're cruel, you can be kind I know*  It crept closer.
A bit of drywall was shot into the air.
A boy stepped through, a rifle in his hands prodding the room.
A face came into light, a paper-thin layer of rotting skin clung to the sharp skull.
A few out-of-date Halloween costumes clung to the back of the shelves.
A large officer behind the wheel rolled his window down.
An immediate feeling in her chest told her opposite.
Blood trickled onto my mask and back in my mouth.
Bringing us back to the plight and pillar of humanity, curiosity.
D."  The cop pushed Gene into a wall.
Each tune off of *William White's Western Whistlers* was almost haunting through the dusted speakers.
Early Christmas shoppers were out en masse.
He fired wildly into the walls.
He grabbed the light blue coat hanging off the doctor's corpse and handed it to the girl.
He hit the carpeted floor face first.
He turned away for a moment to look at the boy, who in turn was unable to take his eyes off the girl attached to such a horrific abomination.
He wore a light blue coat that reached his ankles with an apron over top, slick with blood.
Her legs seemed to adjust by themselves, almost on instinct.
His eyes went wide at the sight before him.
His eyes were wide, he slowly sat his coffee down.
I could hardly see the tree line twenty feet ahead.
I could see myself in the reflection of his sunglasses.
I felt the bottom half of the plastic crinkle and snap.
I felt the car give one final rock and opened my eyes.
I looked back into my own lane.
I rolled, a bullet flying past my ear.
I shoved my hand into my pocket, the fabric around it forcing a wince out of me.
I sprayed the jacket down a bright wet yellow.
I staggered into the kitchen.
I stumbled onto the street.
I tried to look back to the clunker, only the faint sound of the radio could be heard.
I tried to look up, to find the source.
I winced, yanking the knife from my own hand.
My back hit the roof of the car, shattered glass scratching through my jacket.
My stomach stung with each inch until my torso hit the grass.
Next bus stop was only a few blocks down.---  The morning air was still cool when I stepped off the bus.
Nothing seemed to break my trance, not the cool air as I stepped out of the shed, not the smile of my wife sitting on the back porch.
On any other day, it would have smelled of bacon and eggs.
Rows upon rows of neon plastic shapes lined the walls.
She gave me a peck on the cheek through cheap plastic.
She looked at me with an even stranger look than the bus driver.
She placed her food down and looked up at me.
She slammed him into the cement wall.
She stayed seated, careful not to get any butter on her yellow sundress.
She threw herself from the chair and ran.
Small mandibles where his mouth should be.
The age of the tune was only matched by my leather jacket.
The caption printed underneath in faded black letters.
The car floated for a moment.
The car stopped in front of me.
The crimson was starting to dry across the bright yellow legs.
The doctor stumbled backward.
The hand was the size of the truck bed.
The man stood on the steps of the First World Bank.
The police car parked in the driveway.
The sound of snapping bones rang out.
The still grass below waved gently with it.
The vehicle had been aging about as well as milk.
The yellow jacket I made was stiff from where the paint dried, with a few wet spots on the pockets and inside.
Thick rubber gloves clung to his hand.
Watching the iron railing appear and disappear with the hills and tree lines.
