Much less beyond the Boundary.
My chest felt like a collapsing star of pressure and straining pain.
My chest began to seize with an extreme pressure coinciding with a terrible revelation.
Hu never had nerves, its true form wasn't cellular but it was required.
A chorus sung by each cell it was wrapped in.
It wasn't real telekinesis but marketing teams thought it was cool to call it that.
Up he floated, the bed not unflexing as the weight left.
The Humanflesh left its lingering echoes in parting like whispers in a seashell she'd told it to put to an ear.
Wild fires raging globally.
She'd left him there sitting on the bed after the break up.
But I still saw him so clearly.
There brows with a plethora of eyebrows, noses of any conceivable shape, chins with the odd clefted one sticking out on the floor, jaws narrow or wide, and an unsightly pile of flacid genitalia.
Mouths: lips in a perfect Cupid's Bow; sumptuous, kissable ones; thin ones that made delightfully impish smiles; and still more with mostly straight teeth.
They had solved that alongside global warming.
########## I leaned forward in my recliner, imploring the volume to rise from the TK implant.
Living in the body of another with so many intricacies Hu could lose itself if it wasn't careful.
It was even transgenerational.
When the calmly smiling, pastor-slash-pundit appeared in my Holo-Screen and declared it "Rapture.
But I was old and my body couldn't take the burning implication in my brain.
Aware of its shape to the tips of its extremities that seemed inifite.
Hu may not have felt tired but Hu was frustrated.
The nurses where too deep in sudden existential dread to care about my alerts pinging their implants.
Hu didn't need to leave the pieces lying around but it felt that this was evidence of his devotion.
Often a case of sour grapes more than a devotion of faith.
So many years had passed since she'd gone on hiatus abroad and travelled to that temple.
So many pieces of humans in any shape and color one could find in a crowd of a hundred thousand people.
I let a slow breath, trying to not get worked up.
And human life was tragically brief.
I had interned with the pharmaceutical company that made the drug during my biochemistry degree all those years ago.
Hu could still hear her call and it would go to her.
He was a self proclaimed Malthusian, which translates readily to immoral capitalist often enough.
And each fleshy piece slowly bobbing around Hu had carved from itself and ended up lopped off to try again.
Each time felt like death as Hu sloughed another life, like a joyous yoke, to return to itself.
Holding its astral form in was could be described as a self hug till Michael abated.
The woman was straight, kissing girls was a drunk thing.
Even then, as Hu licked his poverbial wounds it knew it had to go back.
Nonetheless, that which drove Hu was love.
Hu was regaining an everstretching awareness.
He slipped back into The Fold Betwix.
Here in The Betwix Hu didn't have at its dispossal the control to shatter it like glass.
As the reason was revealed, I was glad that I never had kids.
The news cycle for the past few weeks had grown worse.
A cacaphony not fit for humans in the slightest.
It artificially restored telomeres through chemical means but it seemed to eventually fail in a catastrophic chain reaction.
Hu had tried to interact with her before and the results had been painful.
It was wrenching to hear the sobs from the nurse's station from the Immortals that took care of us.
With no one dying it would grow exponentially.
It was blessed without the need to sleep but with human form came the recognition of time.
Now that people would live long enough to care that the Earth was fucked.
As the pain faded Hu began to regard itself.
Each time she watched with an intensity before pinching his ear and shouting "Hermit crab!
A play of light and shadow that bewitched those that saw and drove the weak of will mad with its intercomplexity.
They were self-righteous and ignorant.
The glow coalesce into bright points that ran along the surfaces and dispell elsewhere.
He had the CEOs ear because they were in the same fraternity.
My bitterness and regret at being aged out had long dried up.
"It flowed like the tears when the end came.
Within her had been a pull in the small portion of divine within humans.
Immense effort and skill was required.
Eyes, of every sort and shade.
Even on Mars there were occurrences.
Love didn't come again.. She just needed time to figure ehrself out.
Hu couldn't sustain the illusion without her proximity.
The only issue was population.
The astral being convulsed in agony as eratic shapes tremored through it like the crest of breaking waves from when they had gone to the beach.
It was dim but for a feeble ethereal glow that coated everthing in his realm.
The background of a modest, but nice, mid city apartment distorted like melting wax before growing dim.
It had felt her call in her beating heart as she snuggled up to the ancient efigy acting as an interstice between mortal planes and beyond.
People had an infinite future so the made damn sure there was a lot of it.
Every moment spent in mortal flesh was a song of death inscribed on Hu's being.
At least it was taken as a bad trip at an EDM concert.
Ears, round to lightly pointed, connected and unconnected lobes, and all of varying size.
Even a few female bits to the side to confirm a hunch.
Hu jammed down the shadowknife with a rigid jerk.
Instead Hu had to flay himself alive.
His eyes delighted, his lips curved so smugly, "... And the righteous will live on in His Name through this time of Trial and Tribulation."
Seeing young and vital people die after getting so advanced years resonated in me.
The transformation wasn't a magical assumption of one form to the next.
Like any flesh acted upon by a sharp edge the sensation was far from pleasure but lacking in gore.
Hu had grinned, because it was so silly that she'd do that; she did it to every 'body' that had gone to the beach with her.
She'd worn the red suit and laughed brighter than the sun, Hu got a sunburn but she dotingly layered him with aloe.
Away fell the illusion of a man, piece by painful piece.
Slowly Hu regained composure from wracking ordeal.
Along side the visual spectacle was sensations both aural, tactile, and emotional.
Flesh gave way under the black blade and Hu's stillness belied its suffering.
Floating against the slowly rippling background.
The bastards had given a faulty drug but they had a plan.
Bits of this and that for every feature a face could have layered the room's walls, ceilings and floors.
Sweeping legalisation had pulled us from the brink of extinction.
I dreaded reaching out to a friend as the news started to go to talking heads who's youthful faces perspired fear.
"There were a few in the home.
Pulsating a spectrum of light even beyond the eyes of mantis shrimp Hu had taken her to see at the aquarium for the first date.
The Immortals, essentially every one to be born since the anti-aging drug's release, were a literal ticking time bomb.
This was the form Hu knew since long before 'time' and even outside of time.
And no one taking credit.
Then the goo reduced to base elements of oxygen and hydrogen, then the spark of phosphorus hitting air.
She thought the shrimp was beautiful, Hu thought it was a horrifying monster that belong with its kin in space or hell.
It took up a sliver of shadow and with quick motions began to cut.
Hu despised the limitations of the mortal plane, sealed away in its fleshy coating Hu couldn't perceive like it could here.
People were frantic to call family.
