Conditioner, followed by a thorough wash, followed by a cold rinse and then finished with her straightening it and tying it into a natural bun with no hair ties before bed.
Like a suit, but definitely a police uniform.
I look to him to see him sweating slightly.
Before I could reach it forward to give it to the crook, he snatches it out of my hand and opens it.
FUCK!I reach slowly around to my back pocket, and begin pulling out my wallet.
"shouts one of the crooks behind the counter, as he hurls himself back over and grabs my wallet.
I could tell you every little detail she ever mentioned about that spider solely because he enthusiasm about it was so genuine and pure, that every time she spoke, her words would just sink in and ingrain into your memory about it.
"I ask, responding in kind with his gesture.
He face was as smooth as a models and lips as crisp and ripe as cherries.
"Please enter the vehicle, Mr. Geoffries" says the commander.
*What the fuck just happened?
I told the officer interviewing me what happened and asked him who Miss Taylor was.
"he says as he holds out an enclosed envelope stamped "Spider"."Mr.
The commander opens the door and gestures me into the car.
People have admitted to crimes we have no proof they committed, rather then sitting there and speaking a single word about her.
This fucker can't be *THAT* Alan Geoffries!Not a hope in hell!
He guides me towards the door, without saying a word.
"Do you know why these crims just turned tail and ran from you?We dug a little bit into your name on the way here and all we can find is reference to a "No Harm List" that's either some tightly kept secret, or that you're involved with them" the sergeant asked, putting his pen and notepad down.
She loved them more then her own family and owned a King Baboon tarantula, something that was imported from Africa.
There is no way that's her...I called her My Little Spider Queen because she was 5'8.No, it can't be.
"Like fuck we do!This stupid cunt is opening the safe!Why are you acting like you have a gun to your head!Stop backing up, grab that shotgun and help us out you dipshit!
Without a doubt, it still looked perfect just like she had just washed it.
She's referred to as the Spider Queen.
I can smell piss, and as I focus more, it's coming from the man that was just next to me, as he backed away from me with his hands up.
Geoffries, this way please" gestures the man who opened the door._____ *Cont.
I turn to see them all holding weapons.
Then I hear him muttering...  "Oh fuck... Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck" Over and over and over he's muttering to himself.
Forced to go IN the bank and talk to the teller is the worst when you have to say *Your machine ate my card*.The bank is a small building on the corner, usually it's pretty empty.
You couldn't see in even if you had halogen lights.
Nothing said fun more then the smile on her face when ever she was excited.
My eyes are closed, my face is buried in the floor, and I'm just praying they don't ask me for my wallet because it's emp-  "Oi!Maggot!Give me your fucking wallet before I put a hole in your fucking scon'!
Without a chance to even put on my seatbelt, the car takes off and I nearly slide along the leather seat into the man I want to call The Terminator.
"Miss Taylor wishes to speak to you Mr. Geoffries.
When she woke up in the morning, she would tug on a bit of hair in her bun, and it would perfectly fall apart and fall down to her shoulders.
He looks at me, and gestures the door.
I nod, sit down in the car, and the door closes.
"Queen of the underworld.
Last I heard, she moved to America to pursue a business career a little more then 11 years ago.
Instinctively I just threw my hands in the air in sheer terror.
She would spend hours after her shower, making sure her hair would remain straight for the next day.
Only one booth open, and I was expecting a long wait.
That was until I saw her handful of paperwork while she gave a stare of pure death at the teller serving another man.
"Every single one of you fucks get on the ground!**Now!
He's pulling everything out like my medicare card, my royalties cards, and my library card.
No one knows who she is or how she got her name, but every criminal in any sort of criminal network knows who she is, and the second you ask about her, everyone goes silent.
Before I could even reply, another police officer arrived and came straight over to us.
Without noticing the car had stopped up outside a large warehouse at the docks just outside the CBD.
She was a clutz, but cute.
What just happened?As I look around, the few people that were in the bank were looking at me.
He suddenly drops everything, puts something infront of my face and I hear him backing up.
The one day I need the ATM to work without issue is the one day the damn thing ate my card.
I was still living with my parents and without a job, so when they moved to the countryside, I was forced to go with them.
I remember her silky black hair.
It would be rude to ignore her requests" he responds.
I lift my head up more, and the crool that was just beside me now has a large wet spot around his crouch, as he continues to back away towards the door.
"shouts one of the crooks from behind the counter.
"No, you don't fucking get it.
We fell out of touch after we broke up at the end of highschool.
"says the first crook, now standing at the door with his hands up, facing me.
I nod softly, and as I reach for the handle, the door is pulled open before me."Mr.
"Fucking run!Move it!Get the fuck out of here now!
I look around as we exit the bank and see a single black car, windows tinted as dark as the night sky.
Suddenly there's another loud thud, this time right near my head.
"Roger, Shane, we need to leave.
They begin interviewing people and looking at the camera footage confirm what happened.
Black ski mask, blue overalls.
I remember just staring at her for hours when we first got together for coffee and just listening to her go on about her pet spider Frank.
No man, woman or in between has the strength to stand up to her.
The teller still had his hands up and was looking at me as well, and a girl from behind the counter came out from the back room with her hands still in the air.
"he shouts as I hear him cock the shotgun.
I *thought* I got lucky with only having one little old lady in front of me.
"he says with a quickened panic in his voice.
Can you tell me whats going on?
It was so good to watch in the morning.
There was nothing in this world that phased her.
The old lady looked like she had her life flash before her eyes, pale and like she had seen something long forgotten.
*  After a few minutes the police arrive and secure the area.
Inside is a man in a suit, black aviator sunglasses, and an ear piece.
"Who is this Miss Taylor and what the fuck is going on?That's not the Taylor I think it is, is it?Taylor H-"  "It is best you keep quiet until we arrive, Mr. Geoffries" cutting me off in a different tone this time.
We both agreed that if we were ever to move back to the city, we would get together for coffee again and catch up.
I could already tell that was *Don't you say anything else you dumbass*.The more and more that kept happening, the more and more I kept getting flashbacks about the girl I went out with in Highschool.
It was heavy from the sounds of it.
**" shouted the man holding the shotgun, while the other two men straight out darted for the teller's booth.
"asks the commander as he reaches out his hand for a handshake.
"Shane!Get a fucking move on, now!We're leaving!Leave everything here!Fucking run!
"I ask, frantically stretching the seatbelt over me.
"We're fucking dead... She'll fucking shoot us if she finds out we did this..." he says to himself softly.
Please, if you would be so kind as to not report this to Miss T, we'd be in your debt for life.
"We're extremely sorry, Mr. Geoffries.
I look up and I can see what the crook is wearing clearly.
This one was wearing what looked to be a more military based uniform.
I'm here on orders from Commissioner Davis to take Mr. Geoffries into protective custody as of this moment.
As the old lady walked up to the counter, three masked men come bursting through the glass doors.
"What's going on?Who are you?
Geoffries, do you have all your belongings?
He turns to me with a look that feels like I'm being digitally scanned.
I hear something hit the ground and I jump.
"he shots as he pushes through the first two crooks, who take the hit and turn and sprint out the door themselves.
I was too scared to open my eyes for the sake of it being the guy pointing his shotgun at me.
One shotgun, and two small submachine guns.
