That was when the cell phones started to buzz.
"I said to the spider king,  As the spiders knights cheered for me,  "For your conquest, I must bring,  A camera to record the history!
My grandmother used to say that all wolves howl from instinct.
And four percent turned to three percent.
"Behind him, the butler grimaced, but nodded.
Not that you weren't a jerk :)  But anyways, if you're looking for some fun, let's take a walk in the park.
"The screen turned dark as the last remaining trickle of battery failed, and the lights in the tunnel flickered.
There were his entitled classmates of his younger years, who attended university for the luxury rather than the education.
"What a wonderful stage this will be, when the setting's complete and my actors are deployed,"  He said with glee, rubbing his hands together and reaching out to take the keys to the planet, the coordinates engraved on the metal, "What wonderful pets for me to play with, as the best birthday present ever."
""But you *can* give it to my father, who signed off on this expenditure.
"Honey, come home soon, let's stay in the garden and look at the stars.
Engilwald frowned, and looked towards the child again, his expression concerned.
"Dad, you HAVE to see this!Meet me at the baseball field!
And there were more, dozens more, each with their own costume and nationality, each from different ages of civilizations.
Their shoulders turned rigid and they stood on their tip toes as their voices cut through the night, as they shouted into the sky.
And there were the brats of the rich inner circles, children who had already learned to emulate their parents.
And with the rising sun, I walk among wolves.
Instead, they looked up, while I looked down.
Have you heard the wolf howl?The sound that echoes in your bones, that makes needles race across your skin.
!I can't just get that to *anyone*.
But before I could call, my phone also started to vibrate.
"Of course, the population!I want to host at least ten billion at maximum capacity.
"The boy raised a few sheets of paper, and beckoned at the door, calling in a host of other people.
Ahead, glancing at the reflecting moonlight, something tugged at my mind.
But the teenage sitting across from him, with a straight nosed butler peering over his shoulder, fit the word more perfectly than any he had eer seen.
But this message contained neither a child or plate.
Left in the wild, how few of us would survive?How many would know how to stalk prey, would remember how to survive snow naked, or to how to hide from the hungry tiger?Few.
I want to see how they react to that.
And I'll take it baked after a few millenia- can I bring it in the shop for a few thousand years acceleration?
And Mr. Engilwald was reminded of old stories of when children would burn ants with lenses, or chase cats with sticks.
And the dogs, they howl from the remnants of instinct from when they were wolves.
I'd never seen his screen light up, or his fingers peddle across a keyboard that still used T-9.But now, the device wouldn't stop vibrating long enough for him to type an answer.
Really get them hurtling into modern society faster than they can handle.
"We have quite a selection," Mr. Engilwald began,gesturing with his wrinkled hands to the shelves around them, each filled with floating orbs of varying sizes, "Is there anything in particular that you are searching for?
""Any age between prehistory and industrial bores me, and I'd rather accelerate them.
And I'd been saving change for weeks to take her to Gianno's, where we had first met, to share a Chicago pizza.
In memory of something long before, in connection with their ancestors.
But the damage was already done, and no case could undo it.
""We've waited years for this day to come,"  Spoke the king, tip tapping his feet,  "For while most would squish us under thumb,  You've proved yourself quite sweet!Our armies come from down below,  To end the human's reign,  While we cleanse the earth, you we owe,  So you alone shall remain!
Having been charged with taking the keys to his father's planetary business, he himself had never been spoiled, but he *certainly* had seen those who were.
At least one ice age in it's history, and don't lie to me, I'll check the VIN on Planetfacts.
""I'm sure you'll find any trouble will be their own actions,"  He said, grinning, "In addition, I'll take the meteoric package, buried bones included.
"We do have one in stock,"  He sighed, and rose, picking up the floating orb of a mass of green and blue, "But I'll be checking on you, boy.
You're cut off not only from the sky, but from all life.
And at six AM, we boarded the mine shaft, each of us stopping at the time clock to claim our hours.
"I blinked once, twice, then once more,  As my mouth opened, agast,  A crowd forming of several score,  Then the spiders whispered, "At last!
As the twenty other miners trickled out of the tunnel, I switched off airplane mode, which I had been on to connect keep it from dying.
"His expression was puzzled, and rightly so.
Their heads tilted back, and their mouths opened, their pupils dilating despite the light.
Tonight, when the moon rose, it was as if there was a presence over my shoulders, as if I could hear a distant musical note but not see the instrument.
Sally's went off next- Sally, who's screen was so cracked that is nearly cut her finger as she swiped, and who had added a case thicker than her hard hat as a countermeasure to future damage.
A short, pudgy man with dark hair, another with bright orange hair, and a woman who looked as if the skin stretched too tight across her face.
And now, just a few dozen feet below the surface, the flood began.
From the part of them that remembers the pack, the hunt, the fury.
Funny, how she didn't protect it until no longer necessary.
""They react?What do you mean by they react?
Jim's phone started first, the ringtone not changed in over a decade, his wrinkles deepening as he stared at the screen.
Don't give me reason to confiscate this.
I could hear their phones wailing as well, but none bothered to look.
But I edged backwards into the darkness as they sprinted away together, as a pack.
Like, a ridiculous abundance.
"He passed a piece of paper across the table, and Mr. Engilwald read, his eyes scanning the page.
Time to set about finishing my scripts then!
I want to see what happens when I *really* stir the pot.
"More poured from the basement,  And from nooks and crannies forgotten,  From shadows, in cabinets, and in vents,  Were the creepies and crawlies begotton.
They have remembered the howl.
"Two percent became one, and my phone began to wail.
"Jacob, you will *not* believe what's in the sky.
"You do realize I am morally obligated to ensure the proper care of child civilizations?
"Hi Jacob, I know it's been years since we last talked, but I just wanted to apologize for being a bitch when we broke up.
***  Follow me at /u/leoduhvinci for more of my stuff!
I'd been saving it to call my own wife- it had been six months since our last date, but little Jimmy was sleeping over at a friends tonight.
"Said the spider, bending to bow,  He removed a tiny hat while prostrate,  "We're the only hope for you now!
I swallowed, then looked back towards the group.
"Waved the boy, "But look, most civilizations don't make it past their infancy anyways, and I'll be sure to make it past that.
"Three percent turned to two percent.
"And, what's this, uranium?
I slept there that night, waiting for daylight, the mine echoing with the sound they had made before leaving and making me shake.
"Abundant iron and copper, that will cost you dearly, boy.
In all the time I had known Jim, I'd never heard that ringtone.
"As I fled I passed widow and recluse,  I promised my speedy and swift return,  But instead I tied a swift rope noose,  And I prayed that the earth would burn.
For I was in the tunnels deep below the earth, in one of the few remaining coal mines, and shielded from the radiance above.
From Amanda, my college girlfriend.
It was like one of those Amber alerts, where a child goes missing, and you're supposed to watch for a license plate.
Most of his clients requested planets to host their own kingdoms, or use as personal getaways.
They're going to be confused as all hell when they find out their ancestors had all the same stories.
I'd been walking as I read the messages, but now I stopped, the rest of the group exiting twenty yards ahead of me into the moonlight.
The planet should be damn near unstable."Mr.
Some, those of a more business nature, would open attractions or expansions.
My team stiffened at midnight, casting their eyes upwards, searching the rock, their eyes finding nothing against the stone and support beams.
A distant memory that seemed like a word on the tip of my tongue.
HIDE, LOCK YOUR DOORS, AND AWAIT EMERGENCY SERVICES.
My phone, at four percent battery, was last.
Deep underground, it's impossible for the signal to penetrate.
Maybe we can hide in the bushes :)"  From the astronomy club I had went to once, who kept my phone number since last September.
You don't need a telescope to see this!
Like her husband, who cheated on her after they fought every night for a month, and now she spread mortar over the cracks in a marriage that would never recover.
"Yawned the child, his arms crossed.
""Oh yes,"  Said the child, his eyes glinting, "I'm definitely looking for an unstable one, one I can alter.
""For a small surcharge, absolutely,"  Mr. Engilwald sighed."Good.
