I theoretically didn't need the job.
But not even Jimmy knew that I was a multi-millionaire.
I rented a car and I zipped it straight to downtown, where I parked the car.
Dejerrick could pick up on Jimmy's disdain for him.
I was going to school online while working at Jimmy Zipp's.
I played along to their meanness though.
And the guy was a douchebag, to say the least.
I bought a trailer home on the outskirts of town for me and my 3 other siblings.
I knew those things were going to explode in value soon.
At least this way, we have something when one of us dies".She sadly concured.
There was a little delay.
DeJerrick wants it done by next week, or else I'll be fired".Jimmy responded: "Oh god, doesn't that idiot know that databases like that take at least 2 weeks to build?
They couldn't even catch up to the neighbor's cat.
After buying a trailer home on the outskirts of town with my first 5 paychecks, and buying my brothers and sister a house, I decided to splurge.
Just some desert land in Arizona.
I got 10!But I noticed something funny about them.
"Juan, I'd like to buy 2 million dollars worth of Mary Jane and Herb's Green Grass Company"  He said to me "Meh, it's your money".
This was uncharacteristic of them.
When I woke up, I saw a weak, but hungry coyote coming after me.
My best friend Jimmy, who was also black, hated him the most.
But because I didn't want to forget where I came from, I stuck with the job.
We lived in a run down shack in the middle of the ghetto.
I bought it on the spot.10K for 5 miles worth of land?I'm in!My only sister didn't like the fact that I was buying land.
The other African Americans at work hated him.
To Jimmy, I was just the guy who lived in a trailer on the outskirts of town.
"360$?What's it made of, baby's teeth?
The guy thought because he had street cred, it automatically transferred into a corporate environment.
I picked up a bow and I shot it, dead in the head.
So, for my first vacation that I would ever take as a man with a full time job, I decided to go to my property in Arizona and hunt for some coyotes.
I asked "How much is that watch over there?It looks rather nice".The storekeeper said "Oh, it's not too much.
I also liked the fact that his name was Jimmy and I loved my time working at Jimmy Zipp's.
"Normally, I would say "no", because I'm used to earning 20K a year at Jimmy Zipp's.
I did because I grew up in the inner city.
It wasn't much.2 bedrooms, one bath, but it housed all 4 of us kids.
My vacation was ending, so I took the next plane out of Phoenix and I jetted back home.
I then got my associates degree in database management.
Heavy metal, Finnish women AND weed!
"Hey Jack, let's hit up a metal show over in Finland.
I heard from one of my buddies over there that Finland's about to legalize MJ.
My co-workers didn't because they didn't really experience black people a lot.
I saw a bunch of sickly looking yotes around me.
This is my story of how I managed to fire my boss.
He was kicked upstairs, into another department, at another branch.
I did that to 15 or 20 coyotes  When I picked up their pelts, I noticed that their lips were wet and green.
I then got my real first full time job.
"I was shocked at the price.
That's the closest we'd ever get.
I just didn't know how soon.
I walked into the gift shop.
I pledged to spend only 1,000 on myself, and give the rest to my brothers and sister.
We got this new guy named Dejerrick.
Then I bought my own land.
But this was my first office job.
No wonder why things were different.
"I then told Jimmy in a laughing manner "Yeah, that's why it's going to be built so shoddily that he's going to end up getting yelled at by the CEO about how crappy the build is.
I was still reeking of coyote guts.
It was the finest watch you could ever look at.
It started off well enough.
Like he was compensating for something.
They were going for 50 cents a share.
I drove a Hyundai Accent.
I went to the gift shop down the street to buy some nice things.
We were two very ordinary people with two very ordinary lives.
I figured I'd use it as coyote hunting land and sell the pelts for an extra few dollars to supplement my income.
I then used the change to buy myself a steak dinner.
All of us were taken in by relatives, except for me.
Back when my mom was alive, we'd have Salisbury steak.
What, you can't afford this?
I had my own money now and I could tell them to kiss my ass.
"I show up to work the next day.
Wanna hit up Finland in about a month?Think about it, man.
Usually, they're extremely kind.
I shot a few with my bow.
Every negative stereotype about African Americans you could think of, my manager embodied them.
These yotes seemed to have ingested a lot of copper.
Unfortunately, momma died at work, and the house was foreclosed on.
Plus I had this extra 30,000$"  I pulled out 4  Benjamins I had in my pocket and I told the shopkeep "Sold!
I had to remove it from their hides.
When I got back to work, I noticed that my old manager wasn't there anymore.
She thought it could go towards a nest egg.
Within a week, the contract was signed and I was officially 300 million dollars richer.
I didn't always have this money.
The land I bought was nothing, really.
Other people at work especially hated DeJerrick.
The department lead was rude to me and told me if I didn't show up there within a reasonable time, they were going to write me up.
Dejerrick made sure to turn Jimmy's life into a living hell.
I knew better than to judge other black people because of Jimmy.
".I responded to Jimmy "No, man.
Jimmy just called me over the phone.
They thought he was reinforcing negative stereotypes about African Americans.
It was a handcrafted sterling silver watch.
He acted arrogant and aggressive.
We're not going to live very long.
That's when I realized I had copper on my property!I immediately called a lawyer and we arranged to sign a contract with a mining company.
I phoned in work and told them I was going to be a bit late.
It was 30K  more than I would have had if I were still working at Jimmy Zipp's sandwiches like I used to.
And the cute, middle aged lady down the street thanked me because a yote injured her cat too.
Slow enough to where I could simply throw rocks at their heads and they'd simply fall down dead.
I talked to the shopkeep.
I had a 35 hour a week job at Jimmy Zipp's sandwiches.
