""We jimmum tim Sacrifices in tim honor, in tim memory and tim name.
""Tanks"  "Lettuce jim tanks tim Felix and tim Roger, tim arm strong and tim Furman, For who tim greatest if not tim Fur man.
Now we can proven once and for all to tim Children of tim Red Bull, that tim Guinness is tim one true Fact Recorden.
"The congregation cheered, they tossed their hoods into the air above their heads and danced the dosey-doe among themselves.
He pulled out the map, it was an old Dublin City Bus Tours map from the before the Bombs.
""The map Old Father, the map to the Guinness Factuary.
Come Strongest Arm, finish of tim last sacrifice that we may prepare tims great journey.
It had been preserved in the memory box of a family in Cork.
"Still held up by Strongest Arm in the air the Blasphemer kicked and punched the air around him.
I propose we take these two with us to far off Dub Lin to tim Factuary.
The sacrifices looked on.
One of them was crying and had pee'd all over his robes.
Woah, tim Children of tim Red Bull, Heathers!Wingless Liars!Guinness saves but does not travel well!\*Ptoo\*" Longest Beard spat on the 3 sacrifices.
"The congregation blinked.
"His eyes gleamed in the dull light of the cave.
"Said Longest Beard raising the map above his head and addressing the congregation.
""I found it Longest Beard Old Father, I found it I did,"  "You found what?
The one who had stepped forward was Fastest Feet, a young whipper snapper, he had always protested the need for sacrifices.
Ancient Measurement of Timlympics.
Strongest Arm grabbed the crying one in his big oversized hand and raised him into the air by his head.
"You may have tim honour of tim sacrifice.
"Holy Harp!Show it to me boy, show it to me now.
"\*Ptoo, Ptoo, Ptoo"  "Record!
"Ye Blasphemers, Ye can ne'er proven nothing.
The body fell to the floor, still writhing.
"There were oohs and aahs from the congregation.
One of them, eye balling one from earlier stood up.
The congregation cheered.
One said nothing, merely eye balling the balding mutant and Longest Beard.
You have Shirley done us a great service.
"You see Fastest Feet, these people will never convert.
"What is tims meaning of this?
Where it remained undisturbed for almost a hundred years until  it was discovered by Fastest Feet as he was scavenging the rubbles of yesteryear.
The earliest dating back to 1977.
"Longest Beard beckoned forth one of his congregation.
"Fastest Feet reached into the front pouch of his robe.
Where they will seen proof of tim Holy Harps.
"Nodded Longest Beard, Stongest Arm stepped forward and grabbed the Blasphemer by the head raising him into the air.
"They will have to believe.
"Aye Longest Beard," Strongest Arm grinned a toothy grin, whenever he did so his ears would flap out.
The sacrifices shuddered."Orden!Orden!
""Lettuce jim tanks tim Insane Bolt, fastest tim run 100 Ems.
He giggled stupidly as he crushed the mans skull in his hand.
"Lettuce Jim prays Tim Book of Holy Harp" cried Longest Beard, addressing the congregation; "Chronicles of Tallest, Smallest, Nails Longest and Tim Strongest!""Prays.
"Longest Beard thought about that for a while.
Not even when submitted to all tim facts contained in the Books of Records.
"answered Longest Beards flock; "Tim Fur man!
"Longest Beard quite rightly amazed nearly pulled his beard off in surprise.
He could chop Lampposts down with one hand and he once through a stone across the great Black river to the other side.
Arranged in order of year issued were twenty three unique copies of the Guinness Book of World records.
"Answered the congregation.
"cried Longest Beard, incredulous," Impossible, no child has ever renounced their phoney Red Bull.
Tims map to tims factuary.
On sports days he would always win the egg and spoon race."Stop..
"cried Longest Beard "Now is tim winter of tims discontentment.
They were tied up and bound together.
The burly mutant Strongest Arm.
If it does indeed convince me then i will Shirley convert.
Strongest Arm wiped his hand on his robes and took a step towards the next sacrifice.
"protested Fastest Feet," Perhaps they can be saved!""What?
"This is tim map of tim holy harp, tim map of tim myth and legend.
Record!Tim biggest sacrifice ever.
The Bull knows all truth.
""But if they see that tim Factuary is real.
He was still very strong however.
"Yes we heard that," Said Longest Beard,"We want to know why.
"Yes..This is really real.
He was always the fastest runner in the tribe.
"Cried the last sacrifice; "I will come, I will see your factuary.
Excited he hurried over to the light of the nearby torches and examined the map.
Longest Beard snatched it from the boys hand.
Seeker of tim many Records.
"Very well, what say you blasphemer?If we bring you and your kind to tim great factuary will you heed our righteousness and support tim holy harp?
Once they see how all of these were made.
Strongest Arm paused and examined the sacrifices.
"Strongest Arm step forren.
"Fastest Feet addressed the alter at the back of the cave.
Then they will have to believe.
Takers away from the truth of our cans.
He had spent his whole life looking for knowledge about the Factuary of legend.
""-Strongest Arm will you?
"Annuals of Tim Fastest, Tim First, and Tim what been on Tims moon";  "Prays.
The Rads had given him great strength but only in his right side, his left was withered and malnourished.
", yelled Longest Beard "For this tim is biggest sacrifice tims memory.
May tim blessing of tim Holy Harp keep you in record.
His left arm hung weekly by his side, while his right, bulging and muscular, tipped him over to one side.
Heads bowed low, they were frightened.
He grinned, "Very well.. but first a sacrifice.
"STOP TIM SACRIFICE" There were sounds of surprise in the crowd as one from the back kicked and pushed his way to the front.
"He never got to finish his curse, one of his flailing kicks landed on Strongest Arms nose.
Strongest Arm was very ugly even by mutant standards.
Ye are but charlatans and additives.
We tanks you Fastest Feet.
tim.. sacrifice.." Fastest Feet stammered, out of breath.
"Never, I will never convert, you heathens will but in hell for your blasphemy whilst my people will sprout wings and fly-ighs-ahh-ahh!
"Longest Beards eyes gleamed in the dark.
"Longest beard then made the symbol of the harp across Strongest Arm and took a step back towards the congregation.
They still yet deny tim harp.
Longest Beard, raised his hands in exaltation.
The place where all Guinness records began.
