I didn't discriminate and only saved people who I knew.
It's all very hard to remember, almost like it was a lifetime ago.
What I do remember is the knife, sitting stubbornly on the table when I came home from lunch."David.
I could hear their boots, barreling up the stairs.
Time doesn't work the same around here.
"I gagged at the sudden entrance of the cloth in my airway, collapsing backwards in shock.
How could I, when he was sat at the corner of my bedroom calling me?
"We need to get you out of here," he said.
"It's for your own good," I explained, trying not to cry.
He promised that if I had killed her, he would steal her soul and protect her.
""The North Pole," I answered.
com/r/soIwroteathing/) ########## I remember a blizzard.
The last thing I  was the bat colliding with my skull.
Uneasy jokes about human extinction dominated talk shows, quickly replaced by parodies of political leaders and their sex scandals.
"The food's enchanted," he explained.
The door gave way when they swung the battering ram.
Their rifles clicking, ready to kill the villain.
Everything became less blurry.
"You'll have to bear with it," he said.
"It stood in the corner of my bedroom, just a cool souvenir from my trip to Yellowstone, for what seemed to be years.
Seeing them like that made me feel warm.
I knelt down in my living room, facing the front door.
To kids around the world.
I set about fulfilling my life's purpose.
I found it when I was trekking in the woods, when I was eighteen.
He snapped his fingers, and a large wooden bat materialized in his hands.
"Hello *Santa*," he started, before correcting himself.
Blinding white snow, and the cold.
One of the smaller elves burst into the room, shutting the door quickly behind him.
It never smelt so good before."NO!
Well, *some* people cared, the crazy doomsday prophets and homeless people mostly, claiming it's the end of times, God's here to punish us for our sins and so on.
Some days fly by in hours while others drag on for weeks.
""We can help stop it," the knife said.
I hadn't even noticed how muddled my head was before.
But if you have helped as many people as I had, it's natural for you to face opposition.
"Please, stop it," I begged.
A curious pang of hunger gripped my stomach, and I was filled with an insatiable urge to eat the turkey.
But today?Today was different.
Tiny little people with pointy ears.
A tightness seemed to crush my chest, as I struggled to breathe.
He glanced around the room furtively, as if to see if there was anyone else around.
We were here to study the Arctic.
"He yelled, kicking aside the entire turkey.
I've been hard at work, saving people from the asteroid.
"A world free of ash and destruction.
He spread out, allowing more of his brethren to file in.
Me?Well, I have a more disciplined technique.
When the two nuclear warheads designed to break up the asteroid detonated and failed, people started paying attention.
I was a scientist, I think.
A knife, gold and silver, with intricate designs sculpted into its handle, with a small ruby at the hilt.
I threw it out by the second night.
But the day we learned Earth was dead, it started whispering.
When serious scientists predicted Earth had only two years left, we lost it.
"I mean, Nicholas, do you know where yo u are right now?
I remember praying in the merciless winds, begging to stay alive.
Perhaps they wanted the sweet gift of death as well, and they were just jealous that they hadn't yet been spared from the asteroid.
The feeling of watching life fade from their eyes, as they turn from human to corpse.
"You'll be under their spell again if you eat that.
"I repeat, Tango is down.
Most opted for a more... hedonistic approach to the apocalypse.
"I stood up before I willed my body to, and walked to the turkey.
People who didn't *believe*, and thought that I was murdering for fun.
"I moved so quickly she couldn't even yell in surprise.
Her face grew paler as life seemed to leave her.
Pain started to spread, like a fire on my nerves.
Donovan going crazy and attacking us, demanding that we "let him out of here.
"A beautiful new world," he had said.
The feeling of warm, wet, sticky blood flowing over my hand as the knife pardoned another.
My coffee was brown, and gave me a rush I never quite felt before.
I saw the first SWAT soldier, clad in full tactical gear burst in through the door.
With two leaps he kicked the drumstick out of my hands and stuffed a dirty cloth into my mouth.
"The magic is extremely strong.
We are a dead planet living on borrowed time, and I am our only savior.
"That was three months ago.
He kept muttering my name, calling me.
"I drove the knife straight into my heart, ready to escape this wretched world.
"I don't want to..."  "You're not going crazy," he had said.
The knife was willing to save everybody - short or tall, fat or thin, beautiful or ugly.
When he was satisfied he looked at me, realising that I was staring at him.
She was a nurse, a sweet, kind-hearted girl who didn't deserve to have to face the end of the world.
Aren't they just like me?Killing for protection?Can't they see the irony?Perhaps that is why this world is doomed to fire, I thought.
"He was more agile than I expected.
"I remember running away from him, desperate to stay alive and collapsing in the blizzard.
"Tango is down," one of them spoke into the radio.
Or has it been years?It's hard to tell.
Jesus prayed for everyone, even his enemies.
Blood started pouring down her white blouse, and she collapsed into my arms.
It flew across the table and fell with a dull thud.
Don't they see?We are doomed.
"Our journey is at an end," he said.
Anybody below the age of 18.Some of them would be asleep, but many would stay up just for me.
They would smile so brightly at the sight of me, and even brighter when I show them their presents.
"I raised the fork and knife, cutting into the delicious turkey.
Everybody seemed to be seized by a need to *do* something.
Or at least, I think I did.
Penance, for crucifying our heroes.
Greek words were carved along the length of the blade, which Google Translate told me meant "Life is Death.
What would you do if you were going to die in two years?What would *anyone* do?When NASA first released the statement describing the asteroid heading straight for Earth, nobody cared.
I plunged the knife deep into her throat.
I get up every morning, drink a cup of coffee, eat a Turkey, hop in my sleigh, kick the reindeers into gear and fly off into the cold night.
