"He grumbled something through his lunch, but I'd already made my way out the door.
How are you so involved without completely spiraling the world's balance off and...you know, pissing Dad off?
They were erased forever, those last bits I had of him and our carefree times.
*  ------  *thanks for reading!you can find more at /r/resonatingfury!
"There was nothing I wanted more than to squeeze my eyes shut, but I could not; I was forced to watch the sadness in her eyes as she spoke.
The world he'd been born into suddenly felt foreign to re-forged eyes.
"The two of us, along with Victor Foreman, our engineer, pressed forward with caution.
But either way, we all need to do our best to show love.
I'd recognize that face anywhere.
Have you held yourself accountable all this time?
Before our coalitions and technological integrations.
You lived a life consumed by yours, more than equal penance for your mistakes.
Your pain changed you, and even then, you weren't a purely cruel person.
It was some shattered gap between nowhere and everywhere, the kind of lonely afterlife I'd always imagined would suit me best.
As they peered in, they watched the crowd of bright colors and rainbow flags, of men and women defying the norm their father had set in order to do whatever their hearts desired.
Is this some kind of sick joke?Do angels play pranks on people?
The first three days were mind-numbingly boring and dreary.
You are now ready for judgment."Judgement.
The stars no longer looked like specks of mineral in the distance, but giants, ancient relatives that began it all.
They told me that nobody will be coming to save me.
To think that they perished unsure of their place in this puzzle is wounding.
I'll never forget the words on that card: *To Mom, my bestest friend.
I fought hard to look away, harder than I'd fought before, but I just couldn't.
People from my life would be judging me?*No.
"Seriously, guys, I didn't do this myself.
It's so much more than that.
"He smiled at first, but it quickly twisted.
Gluttony finally looked up from his meal, face covered in bits of food and gruel, looking like the disgusting animal he was.
"You've heard what she had to say, and seen the smile she still wears.
"I couldn't find it in me to respond, mashing my teeth together instead.
It would take organization, and a lot of effort, but The One knew he could do it.
Finally, there were words I found that I'd been looking for, choked and jagged as they were.
The journey was too harsh, and the travel time too long.
They were strong, and true, and...Proud.
The mind plays tricks on us sometimes.
*Pioneer: A word we invented to make ourselves feel better about being guinea pigs.
"Once more a flash, and once more an approach.
"Hello," he said with a thick, Russian accent.
Even if you pool together and kill me, you'll still all be every bit as inferior as you are now.
He didn't starve, and there's no blood or any kind of wound.
"Save it for when we make a decision, then you can murder her and whatever else you two freaks have planned.
Admittedly, she thought she was better than the guy giving the lectures and quit watching, but it's the thought that counts.
Absolutely atrocious, and a blatant statement by Buchanan that he didn't give a single shit about the workplace he created for his employees.
There was no power in me, wherever I was, and so I simply stood there, frozen and sobbing at my own reflection.
I felt sick, so humanly sick in my stomach, but knew there would be no relief.
This last one will be in English.
I haven't done any interference, and I didn't do anything to set that up.
Call it 'Tech Expo 2019' or some shit, I don't care, but it needs to be hyped.
Let's not do this-- you've spent long enough convincing yourself you don't deserve to be happy.
Let's remember our table manners.
**"  Lust perked up, a smile slithering across his face, and Pride groaned.
Suddenly, I was standing on a circular piece of stone, and had some semblance of weight and being.
You probably thought that, because you'd caused me a great pain in life, there was no way you could have brought me joy, but life is not that black and white.
The last time they gathered was to discuss whether or not Barack Obama was *actually* the Anti-Christ or not, because Envy was pretty paranoid that the big guys were making moves a little early.
They said nobody will ever know of my time here.
If they want to celebrate me because I'm awesome, I can't control it.
Maybe my wife if she's still alive.
"I cocked my head, brows knitting into a line.
"Ah, how great of you to finally join us," Greed said.
Ha, of course the afterlife would be something like religions predicted.
I flipped a window out on the lefthand side, and turned it on.
""**Fuck you and your entire family.
I only wish I could've shown you that earlier.
*Motherfucker calls me arrogant?Bitch, I make more money than you could stuff into that blimp of a body you ride around in.
"I kept myself at a distance, scanning his body with my eyes.
The beast was, in all effects, a demon, yet Steve did not falter.
Why are all of the Sins so stupid?Honestly.
"I implore you to reconsider, sir.
The initial scouts were shocked to find remnants of a magical, adolescent species on a planet with no apparent atmosphere--and, upon closer inspection, we discovered that there are traces of an oxegynated layer, churning and sparse, like silent static.
They're only *his* employees for now.
*This is gonna be yuge,* The One, the smartest being alive, thought to himself.----  */r/resonatingfury* ########## I stared at the bald, fat man, entirely dumbfounded by the words he'd chewed up with some steak and spat out at me.
Now please, leave before I lose my appetite.
Perhaps it was standard practice, and no one would walk through the portal this time.
Mom must've shit you out on accident.
"he asked rhetorically, already in motion toward it.
A hidden remnant cursed to dance over the remains of what it once shielded from harm.
You're losing a valuable asset.
I wasn't scared up there, and I sure won't be down under.
I reached out and grabbed it, keeping my eyes off the corpse.
* You wrote that on a card decorated with hearts and smiley faces.
"God, Lust, have some self-respect.
A slinking nimravid, effectively a bobcat with daggers for teeth, shifted low in the underbrush, eyeing her meal as it oddly limped on two legs instead of four-- injured, most likely, a prime target-- toward the treeline.-----------  *Alternate ending for fun*  More than any of that, he knew his purpose was to rally and lead.
One does not vomit in the afterlife.
The fact that you put all your hurt aside and stayed with me so I wouldn't be alone meant more than the world.
"I think it's a recording device.
You can see the poor thing is in pain.
"You didn't expect to see me again, did you?
I burned more fuel than we thought, and now I am stuck here.
It only took a few minutes to pack, since I never bothered to flaunt wealth in the office, and I stood at the entrance before leaving.
""**I'll fucking paint these walls with you if you don't quit flapping that mouth, and then we'll see who's the best Sin.
Besides, the sickness had already stolen me.
* ########## A hundred years, shards of future in dreamy visions of lessons and love, expanded his mind like a sponge in water.
Ruins of what must have once been structures that reached for the stars, monuments to their own feats--we even found traces of their efforts on an orbiting moon, and have hung the unique tapestries in the Iotian Gallery for all to see.
"When you were a boy, no more than fifteen, you once burned all of my photo albums.
"But that... that's not us.
You were such a deeply caring boy before everything went wrong.
Yes, work; there was so much to do, wasn't there?Problems to solve, knowledge to share, technology to build... why, the implications were immense.
"A portal of light fizzled and popped, and a ragged woman fell from it, splatting against the floor like a sack of potatoes.
Rumor needs to spread very quickly that the biggest names will be there, even if they won't be.
"Let's get a closer look, shall we?
