Some still logical functionality commanded me to turn on the TV.
Just look!The moon looks amazing.
I leaned awkwardly, half awake, and grabbed my phone, and had to do a doubletake when I saw the notifications.186 texts, 93 missed calls, and one emergency notification.
"You know the rest," I said when I had regained my composure.
My wife, shaking me awake, popped back into my mind, unbidden.
I stepped out, into my backyard.
"You're going to need a lawyer.
I had one last look at her face.
Quietly, like they were coming from very far away, repeating, looping over each other, blurring speeding up, slowing down, warping.
Someone is messing with me.
Ben, DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON.
Ok. Must be a natural disaster on the way.
I wonder if my wife is in on this.
Face lit by the dash lights, and of course, by the moon.
"West coast residents are being warned tonight not to look at the moon.
"She stopped crying, and smiled.
"I demanded, panic seizing control of me as I grabbed her shoulders.
Entries from numbers with only 8 digits, or 6, or 2.Entries with letters and numbers mixed together.
She had sung her heart out tonight, and the crowd had eaten it up.
Authorities are warning that looking at the moon might destroy your life and could unravel the very fabric of reality.
"I whispered to myself, climbing out of bed.
Like I was merely a passenger.
""It's such a beautiful night honey, look!Wow, the moon looks awesome!
"Wow, look at the moon!It's so big and beautiful.
Plopping down on the couch, I started scrolling through texts.
"she said, looking down at her notepad.
"I looked down at my broken body.
I tried to reach out my hand, but I seemed to be moving through jello.
God help me, I remembered.
"Something about the "honey" sent a chill up my spine.
"She mumbled, already well on her way back to sleep.
The car was full of weird things floating through the air, coins, a pen cap, her mic had even floated in from the back into the front.
"And as I was reading these, I realized, I could hear a voice speaking the words.
She hadn't taken down a single word of it.
"She looked down, and started crying.
"DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON.
Driving along, southbound on coast highway, coming home from a long night.
I clicked the first message.
Just a mess of wires and tubes and casts.
I checked the bedside clock; the red LED showing 3 am on the nose.
""Must be my other girlfriend.
"It wasn't my phone that woke me up, but my wife.
She was sitting up, her face lit by her phone screen.
It's 3 am, surely more than a minute has passed but it says 3 am, right there in the corner of the screen, 3:00AM PDT, and even though it's the middle of the night, there's Anderson Cooper, and he's staring at me, I swear he's looking right at me, and suddenly turning on the news seems like it was a really bad idea.
The moon filled the windshield, seemed to get even bigger, brighter, turned the sky white, turned the whole world white.
I was awake now, fully, rigidly awake, and so I decided to take my phone to the living room to investigate further.
Somehow, I knew before I opened the door that my wife would be awake, and she was.
Fuck?I thought, ok, this is a dream, must be a dream.
"Curiouser and curiouser," I mumbled to myself, looking at the texts.
"I came awake to a rough shake accompanying the words."Yeahwah?
She was tired, dried sweat had warped her perfect hairdo, but she still looked radiant.
Somebody is blowing you up.
She put her hand on the door, and without turning, she asked, "do you think if you'd obeyed the warning, you'd still be in the coma?
"Can you tell me how much you'd had to drink that night?
"Mustering all the calm I could, I set my phone, face down, on the couch.
None of them from numbers I recognized.
"It looks so huge so close to the horizon.
I could feel my pulse in my ears.
Look at the moon, go outside, look at the moon, go outside, look at the moon, it's a beautiful night, go look at the moon.
Emergency broadcast system.
I walked calmly, out of the room, out through the living room to the hall to the back door.
"Sorry for WHAT!What THE FUCK is going on!!?
When you're ready to get out of here, I mean.
""Look at the moon!Wow, it looks so cool!Look honey!
She was right, of course.
"she said "Wow, honey, it's such a beautiful night tonight!Just look at the moon!
"Wait, what?The feeling of surreal vertigo intensified.
Her eyes were far away, glazed, almost robotic.
"Look at that moon out over the water honey!
She stood, and walked toward the door of my hospital room.
It was still transitioning from the marvel at the beauty of the moon to the shock of the crash.
I threw it open, feeling like my arms and legs were moving on their own.
Amazing, isn't it"  So, ok, my brain responded.
Entries with letters and numbers and Chinese characters mixed in.
"I let go of her shoulders, and stood up.
"Yeah," was all I could muster.
Or did Kim Jong Un launch nukes at the west coast?Shit.
I took my eyes off the road, and I did.
"I shouldn't have told you to look at the moon, honey.
""Wait, what?Are you?...Are you in on this too?What is going on!
She felt bad for me, but she didn't want to.
I tilted my head to the sky, and I looked at the moon.
"The officer stared at me, and I could tell she was struggling to keep her face impassive.
"An old joke, wildly inappropriate considering what was to follow."Mmhhmm.
She was a bright shining star, tonight.
Hanging out there, seeming mere inches from the horizon, the big, swollen, full face of the moon.
"And then I heard an awful sound, like a loud pop, and we were upside down, flying, weightless, like somehow we had been pulled by the moon into space.
She's always been a lighter sleeper than me, and even though I had it on silent, the constant stream of notification vibrations was making the phone shuck and jive all over my nightstand."Honey.
I don't even know 186 people.
"I pressed the power button again on the remote and the TV shut off.
Emojis and symbols mixed in.
My disquiet was growing steadily.
The logical part of my brain was continuing to insist that this was, this MUST, be a dream, must be a dream, must be...  "Shut up, shut up.
"No, I don't think I can.
Not as much as I would, later, but a little.
"It's such a beautiful night tonight.
"I rushed over and sat down hard on the bed, right in front of her.
"she said "Wow, honey, it's such a beautiful night tonight!Just look at the moon!
Some of them...not even from phone numbers.
Heart trying to thud its way out of my chest, I stood, and walked back towards my bedroom.
