The burly baker was out from behind the counter as quick as a whippet, holding the baked good in front of him like a crusty sword.
She swung her legs around, so that they dangled besides his.>"Karen, by the way," she said, before waiting for a response that didn't come.>"Not the best spot for fishing," she attempted, lighting a cigarette.
"What the-"  Derek turned."Ey?
I turned to see him by the door, blocking the exit.
How long exactly, she couldn't quite remember.
"Go home, old man," he says, grinning.
She's pretty, with a blonde ponytail and thick, black rimmed glasses.
""It's what he hoped would happen.
Talking to you through them.
The handwriting was poor.
I get my fingers in the gap, and as my muscles strain and fingers turn blue, I open it enough for her to slide out of.
You kept me locked up for far too long, friend.
Somehow, he'd just forgotten.
!What the hell kind of monster are *you*?-- That's the real question!I've tried *everything* to please you.
"Karen turned and looked at the man.
* Even Tracey couldn't stifle a chuckle.
She ran a hand gently over her wrists.
Beneath all that make up.
Maybe a little sulphurous.
The alarm's silence only revealed the crying of a baby -- Sarah let out her second sigh of the day.
"You're a little too pretty-boy, for my tastes, to be honest.
Where had it come from?He hadn't the foggiest.
""I don't want to watch any more!I can't!
For that moment, he was ten again, tearing open wrapping paper, a young mind full of excitement and possibilities.
There are metal lockers on the other side of the warehouse.
She glanced at her palm, as if the lines that trailed it told her secrets they shared with no one else.
How she'd always longed for a sibling.
Another argument, but the same as always.
His grey life, devoid of color.
""Know?Oh, that you're a classy pie lass?Well, it's obvious ain't it.
She knew what had happened as a result of her actions.
"he spat, as he grabbed a stale loaf of sourdough by its plastic sheath.
I remember...I'm about to start, when I see the face through the steamed window of the sarcophagus next to mine.
It was just a prank, you know.
The audience in the cinema became hushed.
In this universe, you are that person.
I hadn't really noticed his smell before, but now we were in an enclosed space, Derek's strange odour was becoming prominent.
""Pie and chips for the lady, and... do you do anything off the barbie?""Sir?""Struth.
"Cutulah moved her hands over to Burric.
* I don't know what's happened.
"The five..."  "You do know of the five universes, do you not Alex?
That he was able to take her hand and lead her out of the library.
Up to stumbling upon the Library of Threads and closing the door after me, accidentally locking myself inside.
A new colleague offered him something to help him with the dreams.
*"  A moving picture appeared on the screen; black and white, like one of those movies she'd never watched fully when they came on television.
"The waiter lifted his head and eyed Raul snobbishily.
Then, he cupped his hands over his mouth and made a hideous guttural sound, followed by a few deep breaths.
""Your pre-" Christian began coughing."Yes.
"Two of the four universes have made an alliance.
There was no note attached.
"cried Boris, as the crusty uppercut sent him sprawling to the floor.
The crowd were loud and baying for blood, and Sarah knew it was for hers in particular.
""A natural subterranean wind, I imagine," said Llenynea.
But I'll start dating -- I signed up to a website last week!I'll join a gym soon, too.
I try to pull it open, prying my long nails into the slight gap, but they're brittle and snap easily.
He leapt up and licked my face.
Not just of the murder -- this life been pressing down on him since long before.
I blinked back my tears, determined to distract myself from my rumbling stomach and dry throat.
* Reanimation is the lowest form of entertainment.
His voice rumbled around the room, as if a giant were speaking into a barrel.
And she's in each and every one.
"Maybe not, but it's what happens.
It struck Derek's hands like a rock, knocking them down to his side.
So what was the harm in pretending?By the time he was nine... Maria wanted me to explain it to him.
Something was wrong: there was no sound.
* Cutulah didn't mind too much.
But, in the way kids so willingly believe in Santa, he believed in Harry and Hogwarts and all of it -- believed it was all real.
Tracey glanced around the cinema; many of the children were covering their eyes or holding their popcorn bags in front of their faces.
"Although, a thank you pastry wouldn't be, erm, *unacceptable*.""Oh.
She tutted when she saw the scene, then waved a hand over the battling insects.
Saliva dribbled down my cheek, before falling off and exploding onto the floor.
*All of us*.The first time is always so difficult.
"Come on, dung beetle!Snap their legs!
Yolack thought it a lass,       Complimented that ass,        But got more than he bargained for.
########## It was seeing his own reflection in the blood, as it pooled over the faux-wood linoleum, that triggered the memory.
*  He swishes and swashes the weapon in my direction, its radiance almost blinding me.
That's what the computer told him.
There must have been a mistake.
*Hundreds of pages were attributed to me*.This person that I couldn't even recall meeting, who had only had a single line in my own book, had hundreds of pages on me.
Just, passing her in the street, but she turns to look at me and I catch a glimpse of her long hair pulled back into a pony tail.
"he cried triumphantly as the beeping finally stopped.
"Would you like to bring out your first witness for the prosecution?
Behind them, a huge screen began to flicker with grey and white dots: the static of anticipation.
"You watch too much tv, old man.
A staccato drum beat of blinding white, and in it, I see her again.
"Ah, SUV's," he said, clicking his tongue in annoyance.
I wanted to capture his face.
It's slobbering tongue, the texture of damp sand-paper, ran up my face from chin to ear.
She got back to her feet, her hands cupped and full, and walked over to the board.
"Christian's coughing became a wheeze and he fell to his knees.
And you're almost correct.
And when things change, when a Tracey or an Emily -- or whoever -- has a proper shot at life, we all move on.
########## "Please Alex, we need your help", whimpered the hulking, wolf-like creature sitting at my doorstep.
Most of my coins had already escaped through it, but some were still trickling out into my handbag like a nickel waterfall.
"I just want to be sentenced fairly.
All the hope, you know?It'll just make it worse in the end.
*  These weren't the lucid sensible decisions of someone living life knowing that this was their very only shot at it.
"Is it really Maria?No, of course it isn't.
It was time to lay his heart on the table.
I believe everyone should get to taste water at least once.
