Anyway, this is the world without air!Welcome to Diawa!
Its as vibrantly blue as the sky, and the sky shimmers a pale green above them.
She touches Michelle on the arm in the train station -- deserted as always at 4 in the morning -- and smiles lightly.
* And then shes on her feet again, walking after Calia.
she asks, hovering in front of Michelle in the still-abandoned station.
But if theres no earth, no dirt, whats the core of the world made of it?
Doing so sends Michelles heart into her stomach.
As if Id let one of those magic-stealing *tikrari* take *my* magic!
Even next to the deep hue of Michelles own skin, this woman seems impossibly dark.
Spongey, and soft-looking, and *white*.She squeaks.
Michelle rolls her eyes discreetly and reaches for her mace.
Finally, Calia stops laughing and flaps her wings.
The people approaching are iridescent, glimmering in the light, with long faces and eyes set too wide in their heads.
Calia delivers that, looking far too excited, before she blinks and frowns.
And I teleported us right into one of the paths the guards like, so you can meet some of the Diawi!
The woman smiles, a stunning gleam of bright gold in her face.
Its rather like the sawgrass she ran into on one field trip.
she mumbles, staggering away from the railing and holding her head.
Calia claps her hands and flutters her wings.
Seconds later, soft trills touch Michelles ears.
If I remember right, you would call what were walking on clouds?
All the light, filtering through untold depths, turns into the dull drone of overheads.
What is your world called?
And then, theyre somewhere cool.
Then the world whisks itself away, trotting like an overly-excited horse.
How else would we get from cloud to cloud?
She beams at him and turns to Michelle.
Thats because hes doing his job, silly!
Then theyre off again, galloping through the borders of the world.
I love doing that to people!
Ive come from another world, and your world is very strange.
Its all very strange, isnt it?
The wings arent natural, you see.
It always takes so long to travel from Laecma -- thats your world -- because theres just *no* magic!At all!Going  elsewhere is just so much faster.
Calia tosses her silvery-white head of hair and laughs again.
Yours is missing magic, but were missing earth, and another ones missing air and stuff!
*No earth, no water, no fire no air?
A heavy sigh precedes the person appearing in the circle of light.
The world spins away again, this time going at a gallop.
Their voices arent voices.
she asks, both curious and a little afraid.
Startled, she shies away -- but its Calia.
"Definitely not a dream."
Someone looms out of the darkness, and calls mournfully, Who goes there?
What do they drink, then?And what about the plants?Is that why the grass is blue?
Not a lot of people have magic here, you know.
But its *blue*.It still rains, and things, but its not water.
I see one of the people who live here.
she asks, very pleasantly.
The ground seems strange, though, and so she looks down.
It gets so cold at night, and theyve got nothing to warm them without magic.
This is the world without fire, she says, almost solemnly.
What approaches leaves her gasping.
They have to be serious in order to survive.
Michelle asks, eyeing the thick clothes the man wears.
It doesnt feel all that cold, though?
Michelle wonders out loud.
She kneels down and picks a piece of the grass, studying it.
Michelle looks at her like -- well, like shes a damn idiot.
Ive met someone from Laecma, and they were interested in the sights, you see!
The underwater dwellers turn to Michelle and do what she *thinks* is a nod.
Nothing seems the same anymore.
The most prevalent is what they call acier.
Theyre very serious, you see.
She turns toward the sound inquiringly.
Its probably why less people from the other worlds have gone in the last few millenia.
Magics not real, she states, very flatly.
Then Michelle thinks, *Oh.
The other womans wings flicker between colors, but stay close to a soft orange light.
All Michelle can think of is, Yes.
Michelle does, awed and confused.
None of them are very *pleasant*, its true, but they do have lots.
Instead, Calia shoots into the air and twirls before landing.
she mumbles, looking at the winged woman whos bent over cackling.
We attach them magically after someone comes to maturity.
Very well, Calia, it sighs.
Every myth, every tale shes heard of mermaids, left her unprepared for what they might be like.
* Shit!Calia, I --  Her mouth fills with water.
Somehow, Michelle understands it.
Do you come from Laecma?You do not bellow, nor have you wings, and your skin stays too dark.
Just thinking about it makes Michelle thirsty.
Hes very good at it, too!
I hope you liked the visit!Can I come visit you again?I like visiting!
Michelle asks, crossing her arms.
*  Its called Nuniter!And I am called Calia!
So far below its unbelievable, she sees vast fields of blue, stretching to either end of the horizon.
This time, Michelle remains focused enough to see the edges of the fireless world, and then the edges of whatever comes next.
*  Well, how do you think we got here, silly?
After a few minutes walk, they draw to a stop by a railing, leading up to a bridge.
Whoever it is has the squarest, longest face Michelles ever seen.
Instead, they seem like songs.
she chimes, in a voice soft and low, and strangely musical.
Wed better get back, though!I think shes going to miss her traim!Train?Tram?Whatever!
As Calia whisks them away, Michelle catches a glimpse of someone wide and broad, just like the grass, thundering down on them with anger in its pastel blue face.
Youre breathing the water because of --  Magic?
They dont have any water here!None at all!
The way they look reminds her of an albino, almost.
But theyre *beautiful*.Touring again, Cal?
Her eyes fail her at first, but then she picks shapes out of the darkness.
* Nothing else could explain the vibrancy of this woman in the dullness of the train station, or the way that the landscape shifts while it leaves, and then twists into something else entirely.
