Where was the Reckoner?The Masked?Where were they now, in the infinite fractal?Or were they gone just as I was, with their skin of paper and fire, knit with ink and dressed in their sunday bests, buried deep in the ground, where nothing could touch me again?My hand found the generator and I called upon the great conduits still left in the world.
Power wasn't going to die anytime soon.
A strange blur effect, Chronos noted, a bit of heft to his eyes, a glow hidden underneath of the surface.
And one soul that had decided to not cower, but stare at me in wonder.
The physical laws of the realm had never slipped, only the mortal's grasp on them.
The hero raced to his side.
They always had but... what good was meaning now?And yet...  "You will owe me greatly," I intoned.
Do you speak my tongue still?
It didn't have a name, but... it didn't need a name.
Dozens of years taken back in a second, until I saw their mother's name sketched up and marked through, in a hospital, with the sun outside, and bizarre music playing, cake, candles, wind.
"The hero cracked his knuckled and slammed his feet against the ground.
The hands stopped in place, with only the urgent ticking of the gears inside to tell him that it was still working.
His hands clenched around his watch, and reality screeched under the power of it and time slammed shut into a deeper cooler time, where entropy crawled to a halt.
His watch hand clenched, and time stilled again.
Peace had fallen into their hearts.
"So you've come for me, have you?
He wrenched it away when the bullet just started to dig into his flesh, a strange paradox of speed against the background of stillness.
"Then, I'm afraid, I'm going to have to remove you.
And yet...I reached out with a thing hand, skin so pale and paper like it merged with the List that cradled my body, and infinite expanse of ink that not so long ago had seem truly infinite with it's billions of names and gently brushed the sad little bush growing in the corner of the bunker.
He stepped forward lazily and walked through the crowd in front of him, approaching the tower in the distance.
I could hear the shaking of many bodies, cowering in the darkness.
Feasted upon like ravenous carrion, skin split open like balloons.
He'd have to try and figure out how to overcome the limitations of the design.
The hero's eyes went wide, or rather, started the muscular contractions to make them go wide.
The beautiful equations written across the fabric of space in the hall without meaning.
Everyone that had ever lived.
"The leader laughed, their eyes alight with something like amusement, but bitter, deeply so.
A killing move, at that speed.
Chronos grinned at them, waving jauntily, then frowned.
Released back into the entropic chaos of the universe.
"The hero hissed, not that sound travelled fast enough for him to hear, Chronos could read lips, and the hero slammed himself forward.
Then I withdrew the list the had burrowed its way into my fragile paper skin and ran my fingers down it.
Chronos drew his pistol, pointed it against the hero's head, and pulled the trigger.
How many names had been crossed out on my paper armor.
My left eye saw nothing but the quirk of their lips.
Reality snapped and bucked at his control, but after a few lethargic jerks, he stepped out of time.
He wasn't here for the Ordeal, he was here for something else."Uh...
Your skin was gleaming and polished like the sun, and radiant,"  My right eye flicked back through fate.
What has happened to you?Have you grown old?
""I saw you once, decades ago, when you came for my mother.
And in the sky, cloaked in ash and darkness, there gleamed a single red star of the war god.-----  https://www.
It took far too long to reach a name that was not scratched out.
How many names were left on my paper skin, and how many times would I cross them out in my own blood before my veins finally ran dry?
Now, it was time to take care of his problem so he wouldn't have anyone chasing after him after all.
com/r/Zubergoodstories/ for more like this, try here!
It was only a matter of time, though, before even those laws were devoured, shoved into greedy maws.
It didn't stop Chronos from taking the first blow to the face when the speedster abruptly sped up even faster.
Slowly, so that fate flickered across my eyes, the gently tugging and whirring of those beautiful weavers.
"I stared down at my hand, then slowly twisted it until my wrist ached.
the hero said, and Chronos cocked his head to the side, squinting at him.
"Have you come to bargain?""Bargain?
"The leader said, their skin blemished with age, cancer, poison, a thousand different causes of death, interwoven in a bizarre tapestry.
Coherence and meaning kept them chained, from the few survivors who had left.
"There's nothing for me to offer.
"I stared at them for a long moment, then turned away.
But that was not what bothered me, for those things would happen after I myself had passed on, and it was the nature of all things to die.
Enough time to get to where he needed to go.
Everyone that was yet to die.
My fingers flicked across the bush, and I killed the blight growing on it's branches.
Fate had deemed that this bunker die, and plunge the whole of Russia into the domains past this.
I need access to that secure room.
"And now you are as pale as I am.
The second one caught him across the chest, his suit distorting with a splash of black from the speedster's painted armor.
It wasn't good to think about those things for long.
In the heart of the dying world, I sat down and watched them.
The other heroes scattered around, confused, trying to figure out exactly where the strange man had gone, then stared at the speedster.
Time rippled under the strain of the watch being open, and Chronos ignored it.
A power to counteract his.
Dozens of me in dozens of different places.
"There's nothing I can offer you.
A blink, less than a heart beat, and Chronos stared at the fist as it whirred closer to his head than he'd ever seen it.
The watch-man brought a hand to his face and tasted blood.
Even speed faltered against the power of a stopped clock.
"Chronos paused, flicking his eyes down to his watch, then back towards one of the heroes he'd left behind.
########## "Annnnnnnd stop right there," the man said, snapping open his pocket watch.
The third caught him across the knees and the fourth---  The fourth didn't matter, because his reaction time kicked in.
Enough time to order flowers for a funeral.---------  For more like this, click here!I write lots of super stuff over here.
Did my fingers drift across her hair like the card in thread, or did it drift across the child, watching in the corner, who knew that I was there?
Chronos had never cared for problems, and problems rarely bothered him for long.
Lightning crackled less like a force of nature and more as a languid constant, a long line of fire piercing the sky.
But not enough to forget my solemn task.
The watch bucked once under the strain, and time slid at a normal speed, slipping out of his control, and the speedster went flying.
It was nice to be remembered back then, deified.
Where had they gone?Another world?Spun their own way into an escape?What pleasant sunny place had they found, where the skies were not choked with ash and burning clouds?Did I miss them too?I did.
Then I drifted through the halls of that dying compound, hand out stretched.
""There are always such things to offer," I said, pleasantly.
If it were named, I would see it and eventually have to take it.
Which just barely let him duck the second blow, and slam his free hand into the speedster's gut.
A cloud of dust that would've been less pretty if it didn't unfurl in that strange place in between time, where seconds melted into minutes.
Chronos smiled down against the hero, and clenched down on his mechanism.
"Yes, I can see you, pale one.
He spun the gun in his hand, wiped it off with a cloth, and examined it for damage.
Unknown capabilities, but suicidal zealotry.
Could it be that in the end, the laws that had chained me for so long had also died?Leaving just me and the handful of life left around the globe?But a single conduit answered my call.
Chronos hated career heroes.
Heat flooded the bunker, and the dying leader smiled as the shaking slowed, then stopped.
"There's nothing wrong with me.
Death took the individual cells and robbed them of their time, sending vitality back into the plant, and speeding on the journey to the end of another species.
He'd already slipped to the worlds between worlds where he drew power from, and their whispers couldn't claim him.
Soon, my children will join me.
