He should have been gone before someone else entered, so they could reflect and realize what life was worth, and how death, no matter how terrifying, can be a gift.
The family started to grow and their sense of worth would grow alongside with it.
Thats when he realized how cursed he really was from day one.
He was looking into it, but he seemed to be different.
Then appreciate death     Is that what you did?, the new soul was very curious and felt he needed many answers.
Youre no longer living     Im dead?
Why could he never experience something on this level?Soon they had their first child, followed by more.
The ongoing observer recognized her motherly features and decided this was not a man, but a woman.
He never realized how ridiculous he looked when he chased after beasts just so he could live for a few more days.
He fed himself, and found small pleasure, but he had no reason, no driving force.
He somehow understood he was dead.
It was gone entirely, but he could see just fine.
He didnt understand it yet but he would come to.
So why has he come to discover this, but never moved on?There was no more reflecting for this man, he just wallows in his own self-pity.
He decided that this emotion he felt was too much, and it was time to find a new place to look over, or even leave this realm al together.
It was wrapped around him as if someone rolled him in ash.
Life gives you many beauties, and death makes you appreciate it.
This upsetted the man shaded in black some more.
This place was different.
What he didnt understand was why he was still there.
The small more timid beast would no longer run and cower when they heard footsteps disturb the earth he walked on.
After the man hunted, and tore several large pieces of flesh from the body, he walked through this tame land.
A few months have gone by at this point, and he saw the first man.
Every person is to die, and every person is to hate it.
This is a time for appreciation, and nothing more.
He knew that there was nothing after that.
He started to walk all corners of the earth.
Just as death is required to appreciate death, it's the same reversed.
No one should ever be alone in this place, and he understood that better than anyone.
He tried to just pick the fruits off of low hanging trees, but even that felt like he was ridding the world of something.
This place was a place to make peace with whatever cruel thing life did to you.
There was a roaring fire, bigger than he's ever seen.
He's never had a reason to do anything, and very little want to discover one.
It was simply his goal to live in this shaded world, and to help those that are brought to it.
He watched this man all day.
They are to feel lost and lonely and sad and every other emotion that no one should feel at this time.
He didnt quite understand it but it almost resonated with him.
The sun was no longer held in the same place.
He would just struggle to stay alive.
This frustrated the man shaded in black.
Appreciate life, and miss it.
Being alone is not having a person around you.
He lived his life alone, and after he died he discovered that alone was what he was meant to be.
He was never given a purpose, while these two did.
However, this man was never gifted life, he was just simply alive.
When the lost spectator would look down onto his limbs and his body, he would see hes former self, just wrapped in this sickly shade of black and nothingness.
It's just where you come to reflect on your life after it ends.
He realized that to live was painful.
He never cared for it, but he would rather be back at the old place instead of this new one.
This was the question that upsetted him the most.
These pinhole stars gave him no satisfaction, only a bizarre timelessness.
But looking onto the man, he appeared to be made of the same color was stuck behind the pricks left in the sky.
Once you're done reflecting, you dissolve into nothingness, to feed the every growing shades of black.
He always thought he would be gone before another soul entered this realm he called home.
Everything seemed to be a shade of black, even though there was still color surrounding him.
Many hard choices you never want to make but you do so just so you can be not dead.
He would swim for years in the ocean, stay deep inside caves.
He watches as this man walked with purpose.
He soon learned that there was nothing left on the earth other than this pinhole sky realm.
They couple would couplate on nicer nights, and it would fill the observers veins with rage.
She would beat back the vines and saplings that grew into their passing while he hunted.
He started to head off into the vegetation.
His body was still there, even in this place.
He tried to leave this realm many times, but its thick air always held a curiosity to it that always left him unsatisfied.
The first to die realized this.
He learned everything there was to learn.
I believe so     So what now?
He wasnt filled with rage.
The spectator became dull to his emotions, but he always hated that he could never feel something like this.
He was never given a life, so he could appreciate death even more.
Instead of the rich vegetation and dirt floors he was used to, this place was different.
I did so all by myself, without so many questions     So why are you still here?
It didn't shine, but it was light.
This place never held a time.
So why wouldn't he leave?He soon saw himself back towards the family.
It made something click for him.
He was placed on this earth many decades ago without purpose.
He did it out of habit, and would continue to do so.
Why did this spectator hate watching them so much?They acted no different than the beast he would watch at all hours of the day.
She would build a fire for him and pick fruits while he cooked for them.
Why was this other man gifted a woman, but not him?A family, but not him?He looked into the fellow souls eyes, and say nothing but confusion and dissatisfaction.
Glooming of the fire was the man.
He could watch the beasts roam around and continue with their lives, but no matter what he could never interact with them.
The air seemed thick and heavy.
At least he assumed it was day, since the more sinister beasts like to prey on those with lesser eye sight like him.
As he looked around he couldnt help but feel confused.
He looked down at the ground where he would lay.
At night he would get up to fuel the flame, and look around for sinister beasts that might attack.
As the days rolled past, he continued to look and search for something, but the longer he stayed in the awkward and bizarre realm, the more he became familiar with it.
He never noticed before, but it was a walk similar to a mother beast, caring for its young ones.
He would hunt to eat, but he never found pleasure in it.
He didnt have to worry about being slaughtered by beasts anymore.
Maybe because they no longer actually disturbed the earth he walked on.
Why did they move with so much will?They cared for each other, but it was such an unfamiliar concept to him.
This was the first man he has ever seen.
He realized that he was the first to be gifted death, and even though he learned to appreciate death, he never appreciated that he was the first to die.
As he walked through the vast landscape, he realized that the world seemed no different, other than the shades of black that was draped around every plant, stone, and animal he saw.
He soon discovered that they did.
The man reached a small clearing under the canopy of the trees, and in the clearing was another person, but one who looked different.
He then realized what it was about the air here that felt so familiar.
