I wasn't grasping at shadows, though.
Groundbreaker owns a gift shop.
Wiping not only your memories, but everyone who's been involved, who's been in the loop.
I could cause tornados, storms, lightning.
Loose paper started flying.
Maybe stop thinking of what ifs and start thinking about facts.
I could control the weather.
Six days I was ruling my city.
Master Bob, Jailbreaker, Great Giggle and Mannequin are doing well.
I looked back at the therapist.
I'm going to drive you to a hospital but you have to promise me you're not going to try anything.
She did not say anything right away, and all I could hear was her pouring coffee into a mug."And?
He's doing relatively well, too.
Abilities that they used to abuse and destroy.
I could give myself a cushion of air to stand on and effectively fly.
Looking for the incident that gave me my amnesia.
You look like you've been up all night.
She had a habit of making coffee for our sessions."Yeah.
The tendrils of swirling steam changed direction and followed my breeze.
From the minds of everyone who knew.
Then said, "Your memory is slowly coming back.
Making sure we do right by society.
And then you realised you liked numbers.
I want you to promise me that you'll burn it.
What you liked doing in the past, what you wanted to do, thinking about those things right now are just wild shots in the dark.
There was the Jailbreaker, Pyromancer, Great Giggle, Mannequin, Master Bob, Lightsinger, Groundbreaker and Ice.
I had terrorised the city.
There was a knock on the door.
"my therapist said, letting herself in.
What did you do?You went through your personal belongings.
I was looking at books and hobbyist magazines and such.
""So what?You're a saint?Guiding the wicked to the right path?
It's my link to the Weatherman.
Stop or I'll take your power away.
I closed my eyes, and the the tears came.
I stopped my control, and the wind violently ripped apart and dissipated, throwing me across the room headfirst into the wall.
That's why I stopped bothering with anyone who went public with their abilities.
Lightsinger and Ice are going in and out of rehab for substance abuse, unfortunately.
My fingernails dug into my palms.
They were hard evidence of the Weatherman.
I knew I was the Weatherman.
She who told me not to dwell on my past and start looking at the future.
"You were the Weatherman.
""You want me to make it as if this session never happened.
She pursed her lips, and helped me to the couch."Why?
"That's...I don't know how to answer that right now.
But you shouldn't rush these things.
After you were discharged and everything was hazy and finding a job was difficult.
But there were more villains after you.
And almost gasped when I felt cool air gather and gently push at my hand.
Stop grasping at shadows.
And I used to work there while I got my PhD in psychology.
Making sure you move on smoothly.
My hands shook as I read the newspaper clipping.
Telling me to focus on the now and the future.
"She asked, he brows creased.
Unique names for unique individuals with unique abilities.
But then she steeled her gaze.
The newspaper clipping, and the vambrace I wore back then as a part of my ridiculous costume, now broken, lay in the briefcase.
I stared at her for a moment, wondering if I should tell her the truth.
"I called back, shutting the door softly and taking my seat.
But at least they aren't freezing or frying anyone who looked at them wrong.
For the briefest of six days, I had acted publicly.
I guess my parents raised me right.
What are you going to do now?
Session sixteen of the prescribed twenty-two sessions.
Trying my best to see all of you.
"What I did to all of you was perverted.
"And yet you're here, to see us through.
My eyes blurred as confused tears appeared.
My abilities surfaced a month before you did.
When I came to, she stood over me with concerned eyes.
How I organise my stationery.
"she asked finally, bringing the mugs into the living room.
To try and build from what I knew."You.
"I said in a low voice."What?
In my cupboard is a briefcase.
Giving us a second chance.
I had called myself the Weatherman back then.
And what do you know?You found a job in a school office.
"I said, remembering, startled."Nineteen.
I hastily crumple the clippings and other artifacts that hinted of my past and stuffed them in a briefcase, and slid that briefcase inside my cupboard.
Mind reading is just plain criminal.
I can control people through their minds.
I'm lucky it even took this long.
The past that she hid from me.
Focus on the now and on the future, James.
"I knew one of you would eventually figure it out.
Pyromancer is out of town.
The wind carried me off my seat.
At least memories of my old job at the bank.
But didn't go around screwing things up.
Stick to your guns, let your memories come to you at their own time.
I had the power to stop it.
I had been seeing her on and off for about ten years, but she was still a therapist, no matter how cheap her sessions were.
"You're on a weird path of righteousness.
She pulled me to my feet."Why?
"She looked at me, a flash of anger in her eyes.
"she guessed, taking a deep breath and steeling her resolve.
She looked at me for a second.
