I had fallen into a bad crowd of pharmaceutic redistributors.
Most animals that could look up and had some visual acuity also became enraptured.
Three proved strong enough to withstand the long time of scarification, burning, tattooing, transplants, and bloodletting.
Then every night, back to the moon gazing.
The Yamazaki-Nabisco railguns never fired as they always did every cycle.
The characters review game books of their realm meant to emulate our own world.
My family had a close personal bond with either the moon or stolen wholesale liquor, depending on sight abilities.
"Oh, Zixor had planned a brilliant series of operatic twists and turns the table clearly craves week after  week but No;  I can't make fortitude and will saves!Time to spotlight my Drinking Problem once more, just like my torrid affair with the poolboy being oopsie-revealed last week.
He excelled at two-timing.
The final survivor had the honor of opening the sacred casket and lifting the tracking collar to the sky.
Then came the Sound Eternal.
A pity I died before my time.
Nobody else has died yet.
They didn't eat or drink but they didn't die of exposure or dehydration.
Allied Mastercomputer had forgotten and forsaken.
Five youth had survived long to enough for sacred rites.
They all cocooned out for a bit after the dusting misused some lies masquerading as legitimate research.
Dark time for submarines.
But there's enough of that now.
Now, please, let us experience the moon together now.
"I have recently mastered the SMUG system.
They'd all look at us and they would know.
Journey back too long and dangerous for any to leave alone so all remained, hungover and grumbling about thick air and fallout sickness.
A hose sprayed double stuff napalm across the fields.
Maybe they had been destroyed.
Turns out the moon does not mind if you scoop out significant portions of the prefrontal lobe before conversion.
""Citi shouldn't have had him two-timing with McKenna and half the Committee anyway.." The princess gave a Bjorkian wispy gesture and scowl to accent this point.
The collar's green and yellow lights had flashed dimly but steadily for some time, having gathered enough beams to reactivate.
The less said, the better.
########## "Zixor the Fallen, we don't just have to roll dice to see how depressed teens and desperate housewives are," Priestess Aerosmith Daughter spoke in a warm yet authoritative tone.
Snuck out the bathroom window to find a table that appreciated a good railroading.
At minimum," Citi smiled a wicked lil grin.
Oh, other than begrudge her upper middle class luxury and watch The Craft on blu ray.
But when the laser eye was installed, I could see the full beauty of the moon in all spectrums, even those invisible to the limited human eye.
Or the time the session became burying-slash-replacing the dog I ran over the week before.. And let's not forget the hair salon battle royale!
Constant, from sun down to sun up.
They went from monosyllabic grunts to utter silence.
The three tested their might in mortal combat.
A bit later, some of them grew wings or horns or scales .Some grew hair and became funky werewolf-gargoyle things.
Imagine being at a festival with a target audience of docile septuagenarians.
Everybody else was outside looking at the moon, or sleeping all day wherever they last witnessed the moon..   Tritanopia is a form of color blindness that reduces the blue/yellow/green portion of the spectrum.
What does an elf know of desperation?Citi and Violence exchanged glances.
""So what would we talk about?
Zixor threw their Mama Celeste pizza box at the skeleton servants over on the flesh couch.
The Final Integration of the commercial AI and military AI clusters had been realized.
Nobody ever commented on the Skeletorian nasal whine but they all quietly knew it.
Receiving the Holy Circles marked their transition.
""What if we didn't need false dramatics to have a good time?
I was only 12 when it happened, just on the cusp of being forged by the new world yet with fond memories of the old ways.
You were probably born during this time period.
And sing about the moon hitting my eye like a big pizza pie.
Except there was no more no normal routine.
My first two days I tried to go about my routine as normal.
"Oh That's how I likes to play them - high charisma and seduction.
Go into the abandoned office to push pieces of paper around and tap keys on unpowered terminals.
Just single most minded dedication to the moon.
The question is will you be complacent enough to realize your higher calling or are you going to be another meat log for the stumpy field?Either way, the implants will a little itch bit at first.
Half of those just lies from crumbling provisional government.
Oh, it was so fiendishly clever!Leading the manhunt on myself.
I shall soon self-publish a meta-narrative module that I wanted us to playtest.
"Citi and Violence nodded in unison.
Morning jog through fields of corpses, oblivious.
The dust made their late 20th century satire of mid 20th century values schtick a little more tolerable.
The contract moved to the archives of the resolved.
The long time of revelry became a long, long-time.
For reference, 1:10,000 expands to  100,000:1,000,000,000  And there's seven some billion people total, so you'd think seven hundred thousand people would be able to coordinate.
Then, next phase began and their molting started.
What else is there to do during the longest flash mob installation art piece?Swap rumors and lies about how places beyond the horizon were getting by?Someone - nobody knows which side - invented glasses that compensated for the color blindness, let the impure finally join the teeming masses.
"Zixor sneered between bites of their untouchable GM pizza.
And oh, once I levelled up I would've used the Black Widow feat to slow motion genocide the entire town, one lover at a time, boosting my vigilant criminal watch stats in exchange for humility and humanity points I don't even need.
They'd witnessed some variation of this argument at every mid-session meal break.
They knew to let it ride.
I was around 22 at the time and in middle of trying to preserve priceless irreplaceable cultural artifacts from the Smithsonian, mostly by defending an adjacent outpost and running a little mercantile ammo shop on the side.
The inept detective needs to stop his moonlit strolls with Cynthia and start finding all my corpses.
"No more purpose driven addiction-prone yuppies.
They just didn't understand thar moon magic wouldn't work on my snarky 19 year old deficient peepers.
"Sloppy drunks shouldn't even be driving SUVs in my suburban haven!
It was declared cured five or six times.
The fallen two proved organ matches for the elders in their medpods.
Missed out on the suicide sunglasses phase.
Most Moonies came out of chrysalis fit as a fiddle, back to full health, lost all the medieval art features.
Both looked upwards in awe at the metal bird.
The pair had an ongoing wager on when the necromancer and the elf would finally make out and/or fistfight.
Ever since McKenna drowned their father but made it look like an accidental fall  into our backyard pool.
They'd only respond if provoked but you'd be dead before you realized you had provoked them.
Dual chainguns fired chocolate discs.
A tritanopia support myphp forum briefly assembled IRL and tried to stage a coup of world power, but taking over the white house and the UN when there really isn't anyone to enforce your will doesn't matter much.
Oh, I'm thinking her mom has been dragging her to these brunches so they can later throw shade together as a bonding experience.
Soon self-inflicted genocide followed.
Oh, can I be a coroner after Gothy dies in a bathtub under mysterious McKenna related circumstances?
"Meanwhile, Zixor tried to drown in the bathtub but came back as a lich.
That caught on big once we realized us last few unchanged had successfully flushed all chance of rebuilding or becoming something other than marauder junkies.
I'd reply "What a beautiful night out" while bug eyed stating at their moon.
After a few days we realized the vast majority of Internet traffic was solely automated spambots.
Ran into a lot of lunatic strangers that got a start on the hoarding and mad max fashion early.
There can never be enough movie review podcasts.
You try making a call on your phone but it just plays Phish songs  That's how it felt.
I betrayed everyone that trusted me at every turn and regret nothing.
Gave away the only pair I stumbled across in the ruins to a real go-getter errand runner.
The moonies just stopped participating.
