"What the fuck is wrong with him!?
"Neil Armstrong once said 'That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
I bend down and wipe the dust off of the glass cover, but then I recoil in horror.
"I looked around and all I could see was red.
"Mayers turns to look at me and the first thing I notice is his eyes.
"Murray, Mayers, this is James with Houston.
We're glad to hear you landed safe.
We need an evac immediately.
It's a Soviet flag, over.
""I'm sorry, can you repeat that, over?
"Suddenly, I see Mayers fist coming down at me, but I can't cover my mask before it hits it.
"Where are you going, Murray.
The new suits NASA designed for us make it seem like we are still walking on Earth.
We'll be back in a moment, over.
""Houston, we have touched down.
""We decided to explore the area a bit more.
After I regain my composure, I turn around to see what I tripped over."Uhh...
""Get out of there, guys.
"Mayers bends down and examines him closer.
We would like you to approach the object.
Suddenly, my foot hits something and I fall over to the ground.
""What is the issue, Mayers?Over.
----------------------------------------------------------  Thanks to /u/The_White_Light for explaining they don't actually say "Over and Out," just "Out."
"Nothings wrong with my eyes.
""If Houston gets back to us.
We will be able to see more.
"We sit for a few more minutes and then hear some static.
Before I know it, Mayers has thrown me to the ground.
"I head back to the ship and grab the American flag.
Houston, we see something.
""It seems like someone beat us here.
We both stop dead in our tracks, and whirl around.
We still have to explore some though.
It's an amazing advancement, and makes this exploration so much better.
It's just a black shade in the distance.
""Wait for instructions, Murray.
your eyes aren't exactly..normal.
""1 hour 13 minutes 22 seconds remaining.
""That's great news Murray.
"I think it would make sense to get on top of one of those hills.
I look over at the old Soviet astronaut and he is back on the ground, dead.
""That's okay, I'll do it.
"We can't forget this baby.
Murray's helmet has shattered.
"Houston, there is a problem.
"I catch up to where Mayers is standing and we continue on.
"Don't knock on what Neil Armstrong did.
I look at Mayers, "Which way?""Forward.
The glass helmet shatters, and instantly I can't breath."Mayers...
It was important, and is what brought us here.
Inform Houston of what we've found.
The hike up it didn't provide much trouble, but I still needed to catch my breath a little bit after it.
"Mayers starts walking a bit faster towards me.
'I'm not one to argue with him.
"Wait, there's something we need to do.""What?
Somethings terribly wrong with him.
"Houston, come in now, over.
I start to back up slowly."Mayers...
"Mayers and I start heading back to the ship."Help..."
""Return to the ship, and we'll give more instructions soon.
"Mayers and I look at each other.
"What the hell is that?It's definitely not a hill.
""It's an old Soviet flag here.
"Think we can make it today?
"I hightail it back to the ship, or I try to.
"I broke out into a laugh at my poor attempt at a joke.
""It's the body of one of the Soviet astronauts.
As we get closer, we both stop in amazement.
"We walk around the flag looking for any other signs of their time here.
""You don't have to tell us twice, out.
According to HAL, we should be able to explore for about 3 hours before we need to return to the ship, over.
However, if landing on the moon was a leap, my stepping here on Mars would be like a plane ride.
"The astronaut has sat up and is staring right at us."Help..."
His eyes are black as the night, and it looks like all of his veins turned black as well.
We look around and see something in the distance.
The body of an old Soviet astronaut lies in front of us.
""I think your laugh at that shitty joke was much better.
It's relatively skinny, definitely not a hill and from the distance looks like it isn't natural.
"I look at Mayers, "Head back now, or explore around here a little bit.
I see him grinning wide, and then barely hear "Thanks."
"Mayers and myself sit down on the hill staring at it.
"Houston, we have a problem.
"In a few minutes, Mayers is at my side and we both stare down in amazement.
Be careful, and be ready to hightail it out of there.
"Mayers and I stand up, and begin the journey to the object.
"HAL, how much more time do we have?
""Yeah, we probably should.
"We slightly change course to a nearby hill.
"I say in shock, "It's time to leave.
When I finally stopped laughing, I was able to choke out "Over.
"I turn around but I see Mayers hasn't yet.
We probably should check in with Houston.
""I'm not knocking on what he did, just making an observation.
Beautiful I'd even wager.
"Mayers bends down to me, but I barely recognize it's him because everything is getting so dark.
Mars is something completely different.
""I need to get back to the ship.
"I stab it down into the ground."'Murica.
We're heading back to the ship.
Why would you think something is wrong.""Erm...
