Always make sure that what you want to steal is there.
Danial Martin huh Lives at 4950 W. Corrinth... ?
Not even safety deposit boxes.
As sense returned to me, I could make out what one of the robbers was saying."
"I SAID-" He reached back with his shotgun.
Someone whose gonna talk.
T-the vaults on a time release lock I can unlock it, but it takes ten minutes to open The teller stammers.
These guys wanted to get in the vault?It looks like theyre breaking the cardinal rule of thieving.
"Because you look like a loudmouth.
"The brute bashed my forehead in with the butt of his shotgun.
The gray suited man just grunts.
I dont look up at the robbers.
And for a few minutes, it looked like that's what would happen.
The banks money in insured, and you wont get any medals for playing hero.
Except the metal coming from this gun, alright?
"In and out in five minutes" I told myself.
For a second, I thought that I might have been dead, until I felt someone rough force me face down.
K, take our friend here..." He motioned to the other teller.
Hell, I only found out what they actually keep in there because someone accidentally left the vault open when I went here back in college.
And I wanna know who to pay a visit just in case you do"   W-h-h-hat did you say his name was?
After all, people getting hurt means more years in jail if youre caught.
"I whipped my head around.
The metal door is worth more in scrap than what they keep in the vault I plead.
I hit the ground with a thud, my head was swimming.
*  ...I'm going to need to make some phone calls.
I dont say I told you so.
It took every ounce of willpower I had not to laugh.
I was lucky that I had my face pressed against the linoleum floor (which hadnt seemed to have been cleaned since Carter was in office) because I couldnt stop myself from smiling.
And especially didn't she'd be the kind of person who'd skin people alive.
These banks dont keep their money in the massive safes they have near their lobbys.
But T, the burly giant of a man, simply stood there, frozen.
FUCKFUCKFUCKFUCKFUCK  What list?!
Yeah, these guys are amateurs, and all of a sudden, I dearly wished that, if I had to be caught up in a robbery, that the people would be professionals.
But she gets to work, digging through pockets, even ripping a necklace off of one of the tellers.
Two men and a woman, all wearing ski masks and suits that probably cost more than my car.
One of the tellers started emptying the money from the cash drawers into the duffel bag.
Hell, I barely saw her after high school.
The gray suited man asked.
If you dont shut the fuck up, Im gonna put a bullet in your brain, you got it?
Theres no stacks of money sitting on a table.
Behind her ski mask, I see her eyes bulge, as she just discovered some horrible truth.
Save yourself some time and just leave with what you have now I say, doing my damnest to keep calm.
I dont know what hes going to do, until he boots me right in the ribs.
T, make sure they dont try anything  Eh, after we give the boss his cut maybe thisll pay for the gas we used to drive here The black suited woman mutters.
Alright, K, take everything you can from these guys.
Looking back, I should've just put my hands up and laid on the floor, but.
And more importantly, me!
A bit awkward, but everyone knew her.
"The gray suited man said, plopping a large duffle bag on the counter.
She was my first, and so far, only girlfriend.
Waiting for the door to open, dreading that someone would come in the bank and these crooks would shoot them, that they might shoot someone anyway when they get the vault open.
And none of that dye pack bullshit, neither!
want all the money in the drawers.
The crooks cheers and whoops only last until they look inside.
She pointed her gun at my temple.
Harm List The gray suited man says, drawing out each syllable and glaring at his cohort.
It may have been one of the robbers, but it couldve been Joan of Arc for all I knew.
And I havent seen her in years.
K, take care of the camera footage!Were getting out of here  K, the black suited woman, scurries, well, thats the best word for it, to the back, presumably to erase the footage.
I ask, mostly out of reflex.
The black suited woman demands.
The tan suited man yells.
Shut up, let me think The gray suited man says.
Granted, I couldn't blame them.
The gray suited man said.
"The black suited woman said as she grabbed the other teller by the arm, keeping her other hand on her submachine gun.
If you don figure something out, then Ill shoot one of the customers, then another, and another, until we get what we want  I grunted.
I think I hear him mutter 'You really expect me to believe that?
Oh God says, her voice cracked.
Wallets, jewelry, everything worth a damn.
Before her coworker could follow suit, the gray suited man gestured to the woman in the black suit.
He pumped his shotgun for emphasis.
'The next ten minutes were the longest of my life.
The gray suited  man says as he tries his best to sound reassuring.
When she comes to me, she opens my wallet.
I just went into the bank for a second.
Finally, he snaps to his cohorts.
The woman said as she held up my wallet.
Oh no The man in the tan suit says.
Even back then, I figured that if one of us got into crime, it'd be me.
*Click*  *Whirr*  Finally, the vault door opens.
Whether it was staying up all night to pass a Calculus exam, whipping per partners into shape for a group project.
I try to let out a yell, but all that comes out is a strangled gasp.
Know him?Fuck no, but hes on the fucking list!
Look, we didnt know, okay?We were just here for the money.
A rookie crew would kill everyone in the bank because they didnt know any better.
When I first saw the massive steel door that went floor to ceiling, I thought there was something important there too.
Unless you need about 50 packs of printing paper, youd be better off just taking what you have and leaving.
Then, the gray suited man knelt down beside me.
The man in the gray suit shouts.
I think I hear him mutter This wasnt in the plan..As he paces back and forth.
Just enough to take care of some expenses before I start my new job.
A professional crew wouldve been in and out with no ne getting hurt unless they had to.
The man wearing a gray suit was brandishing n assault rifle, a woman wearing a dark gray suit and was holding a submachine gun, and a hulking giant of a man brandishing a shotgun that almost seemed small in his hands.
All the while, Im just hoping, praying that someone managed to hit the silent alarm.
Even under his mask, I could see his eyes widen.
The man walks over and snatches the wallet from her hand and stares at my ID.
The woman in the gray suit shouted.
We cant go back with this.
As soon as my ribs stop hurting.
