In the distance, the trees danced, casting their long shadows on the surrounding fields.
He glanced at his mother.
Her face was contorted in a look of disgust.
It was quite uncharacteristic of her."Please.
"She started picking at her face, as if there were a scab.
For a moment, things only became darker.
"I was alone for years without you.
"Finally, he and the creature looked at the empty void that Jaron must pass through to receive his ultimate judgement.
You are witnessing things you were never supposed to see.
"There was a buzzing urgency in the voice of the drone.
"But how?I'm on the second floor!
Today, something changed that I didn't anticipate would happen.
"There was a clatter behind Jaron.
Jaron lost the ability to speak and each individuals' eyes started to glow softly in the muted light.
'Do not tell them that you can see' were the words scrawled on my wall.
There was a tearing sound that made him guess that she was using that terrible jaw to rip down the door.
The flesh on her face sloughed off to reveal an insectoid visage with horrible chattering mandibles.
########## The primitive create awoke to the sound of rustling birds running through the blades of grass.
"Tears streamed down his face faster.
Another one of her kind approached.
In all cases so far, it has been attributed to an overactive imagination.
You catch what looks like a flash of light, but it quickly fades and you are reminded that you are still blind, and that it has been the case for over a year now.
For me, it felt like early morning.
"Anger found its way into his voice.
So many had passed through before them.
Their chirps mimicking those of any birds I knew of before The Great Blinding.
He wanted to scream and swat at it, but he was afraid of getting stung.
"He grew even more alarmed.
The door still held, but it was shaking more than ever.
You do not belong in this world.
Soon, though, a grey light emanated around him and the room came into focus.
Few returned and the rest were sent on their way to either side.
"The creature smiled at him."But..."
"She seemed very distracted.
The scraping sounds at the door persisted.
"We don't know how long the doorway will stay open.
As he walked up stairs he heard a rustling and a crash that made him pause.
He remembered the small tap on the door, followed by a revving engine, when he opened the door and saw the bottle on the floor with not so much as a single dose of her medication and some half-assed excuse for why he took it.
I spent my time at home, with my animals, listening to old reruns of my favorite TV shows.
My ears were still trained to the world of the blind however, so I found myself more aware of my surroundings than I remembered being before The Great Blinding.
"You stole my sister's pain medication when she got out of surgery.
Chairs appeared behind the others, and they sat down as well.
"Saliva was streaming down her lips and she breathing grew ragged."Mom.
He was near his bedroom door and locked himself in.
There have been stories since The Great Blinding of people regaining their sight.
This effort proved to be pointless, as the effects took hold the moment they closed their eyes and started to doze.
If only she could convince one of them to take a bite of the fruit themselves... She longed not to feel so alone in this world.
She acknowledged them as the fruit of knowledge, and she was Eve.
Jaron held him tightly, relieved that his father's scent was still there.
I did miss reading and, although I managed to find a few books in braille, it wasn't that simple to learn.
A buzzing sound grew louder.
"I am so happy to see you again, after so long!
Nearby, the people continued with their lives, unaware of the beings in their midst.
He turned to see a chair.
In a panic, she held onto those images in a vice.
They were, instead, the source of humanity.
########## He turns to look at his mother.
I approached with caution, not knowing who or what they might be.
The world around her was wild and unkempt.
There were no stars in this sky.
Most people lost their sight waking up on the morning of the first day, as the event started in the middle of the night.
"He spoke quietly, and stared out the window.
He remembered why he hated him.
She stood straighter, knowing that she was the first true human., albeit a primitive one.
"They pointed at my house.
I can't have you wandering around if there are bees in the kitchen.
Orbs of light illuminated and disappeared as they moved through the air, sometimes passing through people, unbeknownst to them.
The Fruit of Knowledge was not a curse given by some God.
"The bee moved around as it spoke, as if anxious.
A lump formed in his throat and he looked back at the nameless creature that accompanied him for almost his entire time in Purgatory.
I can hardly concentrate.
He turned around to see his mother on the floor writhing as if in pain.
He remembered her wailing in pain after the medication went missing.
The ash that covered him ran down as well, revealing fresh skin underneath.
""Your Majesty, do not reveal me to her.
Tall branches were swaying with their movements as they spun around one another and held each others' arms.
He was speaking the truth and could not prevent himself from doing so.
Words started to appear in my vision.
Its spirit had remained in purgatory for much longer than Jaron's; its spirit was too weak and hazy to shine through the boundary.
"Memories of her accident came to mind.
"Your majesty, you have been kidnapped.
The change only occurred as one slept, so others attempted to remain awake to retain their vision for longer.
It was as if *she* were having the allergic reaction.
The joy of seeing a familiar face from just moments ago had vanished.
"Your majesty, you must shed your skin and fly.
He didn't understand what was going on.
"It spoke softly towards the void, facing away from Jaron.
I looked around to see if there was evidence that someone entered my room while I slept, but I soon realized that the substance was dried and old.
"His voice reverberated across the room, which had no boundary.
Walking the trails around my house was not an option anymore either.
Looking down, she could not recognize the hairy bodice she inhabited.
"For years, I tried to maintain contact with you, but I was met with silence.
I had to remind myself that I had a field of view again.
"I need you... to go to your room.
He had a square jaw and light brown stubble.
He knew only one person, and the rest were a mystery.
"He moved to the refrigerator and started to assemble a sandwich.
"I'd be leaving you behind too.
Her jumbled up teeth felt clumsy in her mouth; they pressed against her flat tongue and rendered speech difficult, though not entirely impossible.
"The bee said this as if the answer was obvious.
