I am sure they will show any minute now.
Oh the look on his face, pure horror and disbelief.
Dont know how she survived that.
The wrangling of facts and fictions.
A Savile Row fellow, oh how quaint and bespoke; boring, the vile English.
But I am surprised you werent informed beforehand of the business details.
Wit and placative smile, I could taste the deception; the use of her insecurity in this environment to her advantage: Embarrassment at the tardiness of her partner, playing the victim, the fawn.
A Rotonde De Cartier Astrotourbillon 18 K White Gold, matching brand and price range with our lady friend, a pair made in heaven.
The human spirit?We are no different you and I, than him or her.
Why didnt she ask for the Queens autograph instead is anyones guess.
Silky blonde with a piercing blue pair.
It was better than I expected.
I dont know anything about diamonds.
Charts after charts, drowning in paperwork.
But I could see how men would stuff her vagina full of greenbacks.
"Oh I am truly afraid that James Bond is only the figment of ones imagination.
I wouldnt call this money well spent but my taste certainly dictates my behaviors; one doesnt need a shrink to see that.
Atlanta in the middle of June, of course.
Perhaps they are quite taken by each other just as we have ourselves on this first meeting of ours.
Oh and big macs arent bad when consumed in the right situation.
I hope you understand?Of course!It is not a problem.
I smell cliche, em, the great trade talk.
A dark blue white striped dorsilk pocket square.
We are all earning our keeps, arent we?To what do I, representative of the Lloyds Group, owe the pleasure of this stately occasion?What business arrangement, Shelby, are we privy to here in thismagnificent place ofcommerce?
This is a breath of fresh air, coming here, meeting you, such a beautiful lady, and of course to discuss an important matter that meant the future of our two great companies.
A well defined Jawline, olive eyes that are the collectors of souls, topped salt and pepper with a classic charming smile.
I am sure that certain thawbed individual would be pleased to getting his stolen diamond parking at 20 million dollars back.
My colleague had informed me of the change.
Hm, so, how is the industry here in America?
Oh how rude of me, here is my card.
I am sure it would be morecultural acquisition than anything else.
May I just say, that you look absolutely dazzling tonight, Miss?
But no one seemed to understand the price one has to pay.
Prada light turquoise pointy toe pump; devil wears Prada, what else would you expect?An expensive prostitute is still a prostitute.
But please, I do go by Shelby.
How obedient becomes a man being told to never open the briefcase he is carrying when money is on the line.
She certainly does not lack audacity.
I would love nothing more.
Justice?No, I dont care for justice.
But we gents of the banking industry do represent the best of lots, the real dealon a promise.
Never have I imagined that I could be the proverbial fly on the wall.70K per night, not bad a price for a giggle.
There is nothing in the world that pleases me so much as to witness Man go to work and how far up the ladder one is willing to go.
Shall we start with a big mac and some fries?
I guess my second wave feminist mother could go fuck herself and burn off her eyebrows as she pleases.
A Louis Vuitton Croc matte, nothing fancy there.
Well, you know, it is all samesey as you would say right?Fiscal policy reviews and projections.
Call me anytime, my dear.
My position might be high but I am not THE boss.
Well, well, looks like we got panties in a bunch.
Oh and 18 karats white gold La Doa de Cartier.
Mid grey wide chalk Spanish merino Henry Poole; he really thinks he is James Bond no less.
But what is taking our colleagues so long?You know what, do excuse me while I make a phone call.
Or is it girl meets boy?Well, how about we meet privately after this affair?
But they all want the impossible.
Dior qiviut grey blue A-line with blazer freshly delivered from Paris, Chanel pearl earrings laced with gold, Cornelia James pashmina straight out of Kashmir; get this, she paid an insurer to actually go to Kashmir, witness it being made there before airmailed express to London, packaged and sent to New York with the personal thank you note from Genevieve James.
Why shouldnt I ruin your nice Poole.
We are all earning our keeps after all.
I love your sense of humor and I am glad we are on the intimate first name basis already, oh or should I say last name, Lanshire?
She paid 150K as a donation for the honour of a signature.
But of course this speaks to the nature of our meeting; very important deal that require the utmost discretion.
But just to be sure, allow me to finalize that transaction in any case.
How smart she thinks she is.
Are all of you taking your cues from James Bond or is he indeed the quintessential Englishman?
I hope they learned about risk management.
Well, I am going to get a refill of my 7-ups.
Oh yes, sticking out its tentacles the fear of discovery.
A.Testoni Oxford lace-up in caramel calf.
If she said 70K per hour, I would have said yes, but what do you think I am?A Savage?A face to die for?No.
Do you really care?But they assured me of a 100% clean pussy, the cleanest the money could buy.
Pumped up chest, on the offensive, making it seem as if that he is impatient and offended.
Lord, thats a good one!Nothing could beat a woman with a sense of humour.
Our Foreign Intelligence service is far less glamorous.
Agitated I see, good but I like my steak well done and it has not quite passed bloody yet.
Rest assured, I am banging Miss Griffin and Mr. Clarkson in a threesome tonight, to give them hope, the simmers before I leave them to their own devices.
However I am sure it would be worthy of our times, for a man of my position, no one would want to tug me around for a laugh because I will skin them alive of course.
Well, Lanshire, I am not allowed to proceed until my partner gets here.
I am just so stressed out.
And there goes their little interlude.
Probably a sizable prick.
Theres the last minute change of location.
'Giggle'  Lanshire, Edward Lanshire.
Oh the wrong that is wrought upon his dignity!Greasy!I love it!And I dont just mean my big mac.
And Rupert contacted you?
A palpable bubble; a space where these two most unfortunate souls are dancing to the tone of a tango of mutual self destruction.
But pray say, love, we do look out of place, dont we?.
And I have to micro manage below me all of them pricks, oh excuse my language.
Believe me, I was shocked too.
Oh please dont say like you didnt before this splendid occasion.
Mr. Lanshire costed me 100K notwithstanding other undertows, oh my precious pounds of flesh.
I am simply a woman of pleasure, watching people; see their eyes lit up at the chance to slip into a character and play it out to their hearts content.
What do you know, another cunt.
Wouldnt you say?Refills, ahGod bless America.------------------------ Great thread to read through.
My colleague, well, my subordinate really, but I respect him, said I would love tonights talk so I did not ask further but you know requiring me to be present in such anunofficial capacity---I hope you do catch my meaning, fair to say, it is important and I am all ears to hear what he had arranged for the benefit of our companies.
!Hands up!Hands up!Catherine Shelby!Edward Lanshire!
I only care if my steak is well done and only now is it getting started, just passing bloody.
B of A, I always liked you bunch.
Edward Lanshire, Catherine Shelby, you are under arrest for conspiracy to commit fraud!You have the right to remain silent.
And her, how she froze there for a moment before her brows furled and before launching such a diatribe, about how she is in the service to a certain Emir and how they, whos they?They will pay for this transgression.
But having your own personal G5 always solves the problem.
Was it Will, Will Keith that you talked to from our division?
