I was injured and weak, she was angry and strong.
Suddenly the knife is in my hand.
"I will after you drop the gun" I say.
Jack Arblont was a free climber and recorded his stunts.
But something is different.
"Drop the knife" she ordered.
His police car had to beable to navigate extensive traffic issues.
"No one's even hear, Jack" she called inside.
I carry it inside and open it.
He also knew how to drive.
My body begins to shake and my eyes roll up.
Although, I killed three, I still only had the knowledge of two of them.
His aim with his gun was incredible.
I just want to bring him in to treat and question him.
"He let out a strangled scream.
I looked over my shoulder.
I jumped off the roof and sprinted toward him.
"WELCOME TO THE GAME, JACK.
Pictures flash by my eyes.
He bought me a drink once and told me not to worry about it.
He could hit a bulls eye with his eyes closed.
I screamed out a sob of pain."Why!
The door opens and Jack Arblont is standing in front of me.
I jump up and sprint out the open door to cries of sadness behind.
Than I realized she was a woman.
Pain erupted in my leg just as the pain in my head stopped.
A gun was still strapped to his belt.
Your husband has committed the crime of murderer.
There were six Jack's in the book including me and Jack Marize.
He jumped back as another one slammed into the ground where he just was.
I started developing a plan...I rung the doorbell than jumped up, clinging to the roof.
He could get students to cooperate, and could be nice and strict at the same time.
His wife was standing there, the gun in her hand, pointed right toward me.
Moments later, two more flew past.
When it came to being a cop, Jack Lansen knew mostly all there was.
He was a retired veteran and a police officer.
My dad's name is Jack Figalo too, but he was killed three days ago.
"Here is a package" I say shoving it into his arms.
The boy would have to go.
A bullet flew past, but her aim was no match of what mine was about to become.
The door creaked open and adrenaline rushed through my veins.
Was that some sort of coincidence?No...I was a plumber because I killed a plumber named Jack.
He had the ability to manage cameras with one hand while hanging off a cliff, climb insane  and slopes, jump higher than the average human and had incredible climbing strength and speed.
I swung myself over until I was on the roof.
"She was screaming at me.
He stumbles back and falls, the box falling on top of him, containing six cans of soda.
The knife was clutched in my hand, now stained red on almost all the blade.
You never knew what might happen on the job.
I got out instantly and saw him lying there on the ground, dead.
"She shot me again in the other leg.
He walked down the path to the front door.
I cried out in agony as she just went harder."Stop.
What could this boy even give me?
Jack Lansen was a veteran in the military and a cop.
He's after the power of Jack!
I hear a frantic cry upstairs when I slash Jack Arblont's neck open.
* Words rang through my head.
He had extensive knowledge of most weapons and knew how to handle them better than most.
He would participate in community service hours.
And I am arresting you for the killing of two good men: Jack Poller and Jack Figalo.""What?
One of the knives handle hit his chest.
I can't place my finger on it yet.
I reached for a knife at my belt.
Jack Lansan would have to wait.
She looked left, then right.
We were both screaming now, at eachother, at the pain of loss, at the sheer shit that life gave us.
He couldn't be more than seven.
I hear footsteps running down the stairs.
I look down at Jack, realizing he, too, is a plumber.
Footsteps echo through the house.
"NO!JEN SHOOT HIM!SHOOOOT HIM!!!
Lock the door!Don't go out again.
"The door shut and a bullet pierced through the wood.
She screamed at me again and shot at my arm.
It felt flat and deflated.
""What are you talking about?
"Tears fell down her face.
I had the blade to Jack Landan's throat.
I could hear conversation coming from inside.
I went to the next house, the home of Jack Poller and knocked.
I knock on the door, a knife hidden against my back.
"Suddenly pain flares through my head.
I peeked out the other side of the roof and chucked two more knives.
We weren't that close of friends, but we talked sometimes.
I got up and sprinted away to the sobs of Jen Lansen.
When I ran him over, I was scared to death.
"Jack Lansan shouted to his wife.
Suddenly, I realize what it is.
I pounce on him when he screams for help.
It was three times more painful than normal.
My knife concealed at my side, my skills concealed inside me, I waited at the entrance to Jack Figalo's house.
He was very friendly and social and could normally get customers to keep on buying food.
Jack Lansan would be a harder target.
He lived on my street and attended the street parties.
I stood outside his house.
""You said you were looking for Jack Figalo.
I arrive home later that night, a phone book in my arms.
The door opened and a young woman, maybe seventeen, stepped out.
It was like an endless tug a war match, with a gun.
Did that mean?Other Jack's were also looking for me?
