"I need more Dust, you little shit!I need it NOW!
*I need to get help*, I thought.
Itll be like were playing Soldiers and Pirates.
The sound was incredible, slamming into my ears from all sides.
As for the rest of you, Peter continued, casually taking the gun, The shows over.
Below it all were the screams and the meaty *thwack* of bullets hitting flesh.
She steals our lives away.
And takes us to Neverland.
"Oh, I'm sorry, friend," Peter simpered.
"Then, he turned to stare piercingly into my eyes.
Peter, oblivious, was rustling through his pockets.
"Crocodile, will you do the honors?
His eyes closed, then flew open, eyeballs sinking into his skull, melting into a liquid blackness that first swallowed up his face, then his shoulders and arms and everything of him until he was nothing but a puddle on the floor.
"As I watched, I saw a darkness grow over Davies' face.
ALL OF YOU, GET DOWN ON THE GROUND NOW!
I asked, figuring I had nothing more to lose.
You will not speak unless spoken to, he hissed.
You *really* want to know?
You wont hear anything from me, I snarled, and leapt again.
He wore a cocky grin that radiated confidence and maybe something more.
Desperately, I looked for an exit, but Peter's goons loomed all around me.
If they don't get their next one in the next 24 hours, they're swallowed by their shadow.
Gunshots rang through the air.
Immediately his face turned into that of a demons, brimming with a hatred boy his age should never have had.
The nerve of this kid!To attack a police officer right inside of the precinct!I almost wanted to laugh out loud.
He pulled out an old-fashioned timepiece and pushed in its top.
Come on, Wendy, its the only way, he said, and his grin grew unsettlingly wide.
He laughed, a hiccuping sound you might expect to hear from a drunk deep in his cup.
My gun was kicked from my hand.
"Now that I actually looked at his face, I could see he looked *bad.
"A kid, even buffer and beefier than the rest, stomped forward, an innocent paper bag in his hand.
I looked up and was surprised to see one of my boys in blue sauntering up the kid, all smiles and meekness.
There was nothing to be afraid of, not with twenty armed officers behind me.
I looked behind me, and sure enough, my guys were all armed and ready to take this suicidal delinquent into custody.
They all looked tough and battle hardened, covered in the scars and muscles of much older men.
For the last few seconds, I had been standing in quiet shock.
"I doubt you'll be that strong," he murmured.
Peter recovered surprisingly fast.
* He was sweating, his face gaunt and shallow as if he hadn't eaten for days.
"Pathetic," he spat at the puddle."Weak.
Her eyes were wide, huge like shining white pearls.
There was a bang like a thousand balloons being popped and the officer sunk forward on bended knees as if praising the one who had brought about his death.
Gathering all my strength and praying to whatever God exists in this miserable fucked up world where children could kill, I sprung to my feet.
More out of place was the little girl standing in a white cotton nightgown behind the leader, tugging on his shirt.
Peter was so shocked that he didnt have time to react; I slammed into him and forced him onto the ground, taking the gun and backing away immediately.
Oh, its not for me, the leader, whose name I figured was Peter, answered.
Peter struck him across the face with a sound like crisp gunfire.
"You see, officer, that is what happens to people after they've had their first hit of the Dust.
His clothes were covered in blood and gore.
His hand touched his shirt and flopped to his side, covered in blood.
I could hardly believe where the voice was coming from.
I didnt want to lose a hand, but now it seemed as if I didnt have a choice.
Then, his face abruptly shifted back into its cocky grin.
Oh, I dont think so, Peter said again, his smirk still solidly in place.
I want to hear it from him.
Come on, miss, give me the gun, he pleaded softly.
Will you take me to Tink now?
If anything, it had grown.
Tell me, Peter began, cocking the gun under his chin in a gesture reminiscent of *The Thinker.
I could almost feel my breath on his face.
That he is, boss, said a voice from the opposite side of the room.
Her face brightened and she beamed with the kind of joy a child has at Christmas.
Now, just wait a second, the officer next to me said.
Before you do something you regret.
The girl let out a gasping sob; her eyes filled with tears.
He knelt down in front of her at eye level, his face open and accepting.
He turned to the girl next to him.
Do we have to do it this way, Peter?
I had expected to see that cold hatred back on his face, but this was almost worse.
This time, my legs took me exactly where I wanted to go.
There was a silence ten times more terrifying than the gunfire.
And promptly slammed right into one of Peters goons.
Peter stepped closer to the gun.
My hands searched my holster, only to find it empty.
"The traitor officer was back again, Davies, I think his name was?He hefted his own gun towards Peter's head.
Youll be the first to get the Dust tomorrow.
Behind her the boys slowly began to clap, bringing their hands together faster and faster until the room was filled with its crescendo.
My mind cleared and I saw my phone sitting tantalizingly out of reach, mere feet away from my outstretched grasp.
I swung around, and there was Peter, his jaunty smile unchanged.
I unfroze from my fear and drew my gun.
I slammed my body onto the floor, not a second too soon.
His smile turned sweet, full of tender worship.
The phrase *caught red-handed* echoed through my mind.
And you might want to duck.
He was completely unafraid, I could see it in his eyes.
A million thoughts raced through my head, each one wild and desperate from the last.
"His face darkened again.
A light ticking filled the room.
Maybe ten other kids stood behind him.
With no pretense, he shoved it over my face, covering me with powder.
I tore the bag from my head, coughing out the powder, but it was too late.
Put that thing down, kid, I said, almost lazily.
"You've got 23 hours in Neverland, officer," Peter grinned.
I saw the fires of hell in his eyes, but I kept the gun steady.
He stepped even closer, until the barrel sat between his eyes.
Something that wasnt quite right.
His eyes were shining with fear; not for himself, I somehow knew, but for the girl in front of him.
You wont be using it anytime soon.
Tink is what dreams are made of.
Peter giggled and clapped his bloody hands.
