She shrieked, so excited she shook.
They tried to placate Anne with the promise of riding lessons after the New Year but that didnt soften the blow or the little girls insistence on obtaining an equine friend.
Anne only ran to it, hands outstretched, giggling.
By now, the neighbors were looking out their windows at the spectacle at the Deale house.
Oh!And hed be back very soon to collect for my pony!
Finally, Lou patted her on the head and sent her back to her pony.
The man in gray looked down for a moment at a small envelope that was in his left hand, checked the address against the numbers next to Reggie's front door and his smile grew a little wider.
He muttered, kissing his sobbing wife on the head.
Marie rushed to Reggies side, grabbing at his arm for support.
You must have more faith in the United States Postal service, madam.
Reggie couldnt hear what he was saying but Anne nodded, her smile getting wider.
He peeked through a lifted corner in the pale  linen curtains that hung in the bay window and as his eyes grew wide a small whimper escaped his lips.
The demon pony snorted and reared on its hind legs, mimicking her.
He could barely think as it was.
It looked around wildly, screaming so loud that it made Marie wince.
Maries eyes narrowed a bit at the sound and as she quirked an eyebrow up at the unusual sound for the quiet neighborhood, Reggie stood up to investigate.
Smoke curled from the slats in the steel as if something was on fire inside.
Marie sunk to her knees, shaking, still gripping Reggies arm.
He wore no coat despite the bitter cold temperatures outside and as he stood, surveying the home in front of him, he gently tugged off black leather driving gloves.
No, we really dont have a place for it.
When it came to a stop, the trailer rocked violently as the animal inside thrashed and cried loudly.
He pulled out a small package from his pants pocket and handed it to her.
Marie only shook her head in silence as she watched the 70s style black Cadillac El Dorado pull into their modest drive, towing behind it a red steel horse trailer.
The thick lenses of his glasses made his black eyes seem bulbous.
The engine of the Cadillac roared once more and he casually backed out.
No sooner had he arrived then the doorbell chimed.
The man in gray smiled back at her.
The man in gray held up the envelope.
He practiced a smile in the tinted glass of the Cadillac, and adjusted the straightness of the bright red bow tie that adorned his neck.
Reggie and Marie couldnt tell if the pony was playing or truly trying to attack their little girl.
You know Santa couldnt fit a pony into his sleigh.
Anne, Reggie called softly.
He looked back at the couple in the doorway, their faces pale and in shock.
Reggie told Marie as he cautiously made his way to the front door.
Maries breath stuck in her throat and her heart thumped wildly.
Do enjoy the rest of your holiday.
He wrapped her up in his arms.
Before opening his door, he called to Anne, beckoning her.
He thanked me for the letter.
You told me we cant afford this.
He didnt trust his own voice to speak louder.
When those bright blue eyes met his, he knew instantly what she was thinking.
She ran to the side of the trailer, jumping up and down trying to get a look at what was inside.
What the hell were they going to do with it?Anne, clearly smitten with her pony, continued to play with it as it steamed and screamed around their small front yard.
A housing development in the suburbs of Philadelphia is not a place for ponies.
Marie, her mother spoke up, squeezing Reggies hand reassuringly.
Slowly, the drivers door opened and out stepped a rather short and round gentleman dressed in a fine gray suit and brightly polished black leather shoes.
The sound grew louder before the squealing of brakes echoed right outside their front windows.
Marie jumped to her feet to join him.
Anne cried as she wrapped her arms around the ponys neck, her arms sinking into the soft gooey flesh that remained.
He blinked several times and smoothed back his thinning gray hair.
Annes eyes began to glitter with the promise of tears.
Santas not real, Satans not real?How She couldnt even get in enough air to ask the full question aloud.
They watched in silence as Anne ran around the front yard, the pony horror chasing and striking after her.
The usual cheery bell tone sounded strangled and it fizzled out before finishing its work.
I suppose thats not too horrible.
The man in gray looked at Reggie for a moment before putting on his practiced smile.
Did you enjoy your Christmas?
Reggie muttered._____ Edit: This is my first ever WP and I had to fix format.
The animal inside kicked the door open the rest of the way, sending one of the little men flying into the street.
With a nod, he turned and walked to the familys front door.
Her voice was shaky but she stood up straight.
Its face was a horrific skull with bits of stringy hair attached.
The man in gray snapped his head back to Reggie and the smile faded.
Please my dear girl, call me Lou.
The subject of a pony for Christmas had been a big issue for Anne this year and Marie knew how much it killed Reggie not to give his little girl everything she asked for but a pony was just outside of their realm.
Its body steamed like it had recently been on fire.
The little men chirped in a language neither Reggie nor Marie could recognize as they slowly opened the back ramp of the steel trailer.
When she opened it she held up a small golden brush.
Love, Anne Deale, age 6  	 He folded the letter with care, tucked it back inside its envelope and into his suit coat pocket.
I have asked my mommy and daddy for a pony this year for Christmas.
She sat amongst the piles of shredded wrapping paper, boxes and tissue paper with a sullen look on her small face.
I went out and picked this beast up myself for her.
"He has a strict "no animals policy.
He had nothing to do with it.
He nodded once and snapped his fingers high in the air.
He nodded in good bye and walked back to the Cadillac.
Reggie joined his wife on the floor just inside their front door.
Lou clapped his hands together signaling to the little men to close up the trailer.
Reggie asked his daughter, Anne.
There, in Annes handwriting, in her favorite green ink pen was a letter addressed to "Mr. Satan".Her name and return address in the upper left corner and small heart stickers randomly on the envelope.
Her golden curls bounced around her pouting face as she shook her head.
There was a scream from the trailer and it rocked again, almost lifting off of its tires as it rocked left to right.
A pony!You brought me a pony!
The pony stood still as she approached and allowed the little girl to pet and hug it.
He honked the horn, waving at Anne as he slowly drove away, trailer and all.
A few even stood on their porches in their bathrobes, huddled against the chill to watch.
Anne ran to the door squealing in excitement.
Getting her attention once more, he placed a hand on her shoulder and spoke softly.
As Annes bottom lip started to quiver, a clear indicator that a sob-fest was on its way, a throaty engine roared loudly outside.
He switched out his glasses for the sunglass and sunk down into the drivers seat.
The man in gray looked at her the smile never fading.
He looked back and forth between the adults, waiting.
He gingerly opened the envelope, unfolded the pink paper and adjusted his glasses before reading...  Dear Mr. Satan,  I have been a very good girl this year.
There was another loud crash from the trailer, followed by more smoke and shrill whinnies.
With a sigh he spoke, I must admit, I dont get very many letters these days but when I do, I try to respond to each one personally.
Its skin was in patches, some muscle and bone showing through.
You know we cant afford this.
His hand shaking, Reggie reached for the knob and slowly opened the door.
She skipped over happily, her bare feet bright red from the cold damp ground.
