My hand gripped the steel rail harder.
"I said as I decended into the subway station.
At this point I'm unsure that why, for 37 years... as long as I can remember her inner voice was combating mine.
The car came to a halt and I basically ran out of there and up the subway station steps towards the street."Ryan!
"I spoke out loud, but quietly as to not draw attention.
Like she fell from the heavens.
"A stranger asked me who was next to me at the cross walk.
"If you take a cab you'll get there early.
Oddly enough successful people can too have problems of their own.
"You don't have to be so sarcastic about it.
"Of course, she looks beautiful, hard not to notice.
"She said before I could finish my thought.
Shes been alive and has a life.
"The subway car rumbled up to the station and I entered.
"Hey buddy you okay?You almost got flattened!
Let's make it happen then.
""Well sure but thank that lady who yelled to you.
I don't know if we were two souls who were connected in a past life.
She told me when we were kids.
"And no Ryan, your not going to get rid of me by 'playing into it' again.
One day it will be over.25 years later since my episode, I'm still fucking here.
"I mumbled but put head phones in.
"One, stop doing that, and two, physical evidence would work.
Now a days they just think your on the phone anyway and ignore it.
"I looked him dead in the eyes.
I'm not crazy.....I'm not crazy....
I don't know where she came from.
Some people, even think of it as someone else, like Morgan Freeman or something just to play around and have fun I guess.
"I think that's a good place to end until next week.
"The psychiatrist asked, leaning back in her arm chair.
A bus flew by, nearly could have killed me or put me in the hospital.
"Oliva said inside my head, and this time out loud.
Maybe you are.... trying to come to terms.
I always thought I could outrun my own thoughts.
I knew what she was telling me wasn't what she was actually writing.
The car began to fill up at the next stop.
Most people can control their thoughts and inner voice.
Now I know....I'm not crazy.
Mentally I'd get into arguments with her, try and ignore her.
"Olivia interjected into my conciousness.
"I exclaimed as we both lurched forward and held and kissed each other.
"Olivia pleaded again, but I ignored her.
"I replied, while palming my eyes and rubbing them in frustration.
Frankly, right now, shes speaking to me.
I was alone, standing there.
"Oliva asked, sounding upset.
*Ding* [Next stop, 14th and Albany]   My stop.
"I gathered my things and headed out.
I can't control it, I can't stop it.
Then again, what's it worth when you talk to nothing but your imagination.
Ever since I was a kid, but I knew it not to be true.
No matter what I do she knows what I'm doing, saying, even thinking.
"Again, your not real and I'm just having a fucking conversation to my self, and I'm still entertaining it by talkign to you.
"Oliva knew what I was thinking still because that's EXACTLY what I was thinking."You're....
I know you hate this smell.
"Your doubting your self again Ryan.
Like she grew up with me.
I thought I only heard that.
I knew it, she knew it, but the court mandated these.... mediations.
I walked out on the the busy street.
I gripped the steal bar tighter.
The car smelled like must and urine and just.... city smell.
I love you, I always have and I never lied about that.
Not schizophrenic like you say.
Lethar squeaking, chewing on the back of her pen with a concentrated look on her face, perplexed as to where I was going with this.
"Well I'm crazy Olivia, I can't even take meds anymore because.... because it doesn't work.
"Hi Ryan, it's good to finally meet you.
The car still barrelling through the subway line, lights flickering and the car shaking and creaking.
So I decided to play into it, maybe I can.... break my self?I don't know.
"I said to Olivia sarcastically.
Everyone's face is in the thing anyway, surprised they even know where they are going.
"I asked the stranger next to me.
"Olivia began to bargain.
"Why don't you trust me Ryan?
It was a good way for people to, not look.
"I was doubting my self, I knew what I told Dr. Skinner was bullshit.
I don't know if I manifested her.
Just get it over with I say.
I had to make it back to the lawfirm downtown before lunch was over.
"He said to a woman he bumped into as we walked across the street and she replied to him.
'But you didn't and this is real.
They would lock me away, her and I both knew that, and I had a lawfirm to run.
I'm not going anywhere, never.
The fact that my thoughts weren't my own, the lines get blurred with what you say and what you think sometimes.
"She's telling me I'm not crazy.
""And what is she saying Ryan?
This is the happiest I've been in the 37 years on this floating rock in the vast nothingness that is our existence.
"I can take the south express line, should spit me out a block from the lawfirm.
If that's something you believe in, or we were always destined to be together.
"To call your self crazy isn't right, maybe it's your thoughts rationalizing your feelings about your schizophrenia.
"Olivia shouted and for some reason I stopped just before I stepped into the street.
All this time I've played into it, what's one more game I guess.
"Like that!You wont say my name, it's been years since you've said my name.
Except shes helping me get through it, but I could never tell Dr. Skinner that.
Funny, shes never said anything like this before.
"Yes Ryan, hes real, I'm real.... your not imagining any of this and your not crazy, and I know your thinking 'did I get hit by the bus and now I'm dreaming this or dead?
I call them that because even though on paper its "helping" it's just wasting my fucking time.
Maybe stop it from happening.
"Olivia smiled a beautiful smile that made me smirk.
The one that's your inner voice?Most people it's their own voice, they can hear it, speak it, even imagine the words coming out of your mouth.
