None of her old friends or even her family made it on the list (which wasn't surprising considering the strained relationship she had with her parents).Roz decreed that anyone who tried to harm me in any way was to be killed.
All in all, not how I expected to spend my Saturday.
"Which one of you little shits put a gun to my Mikey's head?
It's coming out soonish, I promise!EDIT 2: I wanted to write part 2 in the comments below but it got really long.
I'll admit, your means are...unorthodox.
"Oh, yes, it's been a great quarter.
And I was left standing there as everyone in the bank looked at me, wondering what the hell just happened.
I walked to the entrance and some big bouncer looking type stopped me.
It was a mistake, honestly!
All I could think about was how little she changed.
No way it could be *that* Roz...right?Roz was one of those girls you only think exist in movies.
In just over a decade, Roz became the criminal mastermind of the world.
But drug trafficking, armed robberies, even political corruption?That we can control.
""These are the no good dirty thugs who held you at gunpoint at the bank.
Roz, some evil mastermind?She was one of the sweetest people on the planet.
"Please, *please* don't tell the boss about this!I wouldn't have done it if I had known who you were!
"With that, Roz whipped out a handgun and loaded a clip.
"She slid down the money pile and gave me a massive hug.
"Mike Peter- my apologies sir, I didn't know!
"It's him!It's the guy on the "No Harm" list!We just held Mike Peterson at gunpoint!
She hired some people to help and the operation grew to selling illegal imports, from Kinder eggs to assault rifles.
"One of the other guys grabbed my wallet, looked inside, and just froze.
She did ever since we were kids and when high school came around I gathered up the courage to ask her out.
EDIT: HOLY FUCKING SHIT I FINALLY STRUCK GOLD!Not gonna lie, I half-assed this story at 2AM and was too tried to proofread it.
Sure, some crazy guy starts murdering people every once in a while.
She had become the shadow government ruling the world behind the curtain.
Dave Spellerman went from bullied nerd to Internet billionaire.
"Sir, no on sees the boss.
She led me to a dimly lit room at the far end of the basement level.
""Roz, who are these people?
The girl that comes into your life to turn it upside down, that wild and rebellious girl who gets you to loosen up and enjoy life.
I see you've been...busy," I said, motioning to the pile.
Then some thugs in ski masks bust in and hold me at gunpoint, threatening to shoot me if they didn't open the register.
"He then got on his knees and started begging.
Guess I'm just too hard on myself.
"Sir, I'm gonna half to ask you to leave.
To read more of my work, check out my award-winning novel that I've totally started.
"I've got another surprise for you.
Some just ran away, terrified for their lives.
Whenever I said her name, their faces would get deathly pale.
"Okay, maybe she wasn't the *exact* same kindhearted girl I fell in love with.
"With that, Roz took my hand and led me to an elevator.
Just me and her, nothing else.
And because of that, the world is a safer place.
Chard Burkheart was the star quarterback in high school, the most popular guy in school.
As I dug deeper, I learned that she apparently put me on a "No Harm" list.
He reached for a gun and cocked it.
She even had a private jet down here.
We dated for a few years but when college rolled around, we realized we were heading separate ways in life.
Maybe grab a bite to eat.
Turns out the place was way bigger than I thought.
Apparently, Roz is basically the queen of some massive criminal organization with influence all over the world.
But when they saw my driver's license, this tough, beefy criminal starts freaking out.
"Mikey!Oh my gosh, it is you!
All that time spent on a computer really paid off for him.
"So the thugs just drop my wallet on the ground and pulls some money out of his pocket.
"I steeled myself for what would happen next and walked in.
No way she was some sort of super mafia boss.
Gosh, what's it been, 10?12 years?
I wanted to see you again and catch up.
Inside, bound and gagged, were three men.
She pushed a button and we went down.
The guard approached the pile and said "Ma'am, Mike Peterson has come to speak with you.
"So after cementing my authority," Roz continued.
I honestly thought it was kind of meh but I liked the prompt and I already spent so much time on it so I posted anyway.
"The guy's face looked pale and he backed up immediately.
After a little more digging, I finally found what I was looking for- the address of her headquarters.
Now, please leave or I will *make* you leave.
"Oh, I almost forgot," she said.
Crime is dropping every year, Mike.
But I didn't expect to see Roz sitting on a golden throne atop a massive pile of money.
She pointed it at the one on the left and slowly drifted it across all three of them.
Now he works at a gas station with a pot belly and no hair.
"I decided I should use my newfound power for good.
So I created a brand new subreddit to post it right .Come over to r/mikesonofpeter to read the conclusion to this story.
"Roz looked like she was in intense thought about something but once she heard my name she turned her attention to me, her face beaming with joy.
"I always regretted losing touch with you.
She even had enough power to influence government policies and could even control the elections.
And then there's Rosalyn "Roz" Churchill went from my childhood friend to my high school flame to leader of the criminal underground.
The ones who didn't filled me in.
Who knows, maybe I'll write more there?
It's amazing how much people change after high school.
He was sweating now, his facing showing pure terror.
""Look, I'm here to see Roz, she's an old friend of mine and-" Without warning, the guy started walking towards me.
But with the upcoming expansions I expect to see some massive improvements.
She's basically the queen of crime.
Selling pot to pay for college, which became a lucrative business.
Plenty of gangs and mafias were against her taking over but they were either taken down or forced to join.
So I here I was, standing outside of some abandoned looking warehouse, about to meet my criminal ex-girlfriend.
""Thank you, Mike," she said, wrapping her arms around my neck.
I had my men track them down and bring them here to educate them.
"She ushered me over to the other side of the room.
It wasn't until I started tracking her down that I realized she had even come back to town.
"I put my hands up defensively and shouted "My name is Mike Peterson!Please, I just want to talk to Roz!
I drove into the shadier part of town and started asking around.
She was still that same kindhearted girl I fell in love with all those years ago.
"If Roz finds out, we're fucking dead!
"I'd like that," I said finally.
That one was definitely a curveball.
Though it wasn't much of a list as I was apparently the only one on it.
