Someone needs to rewrite the help page for last year's project.
The office mockingly cheers as I saunter out.
I went to the bathroom and had a long sit in the atalls, just time to think.
He can't stay on the internal site.
They try to make small talk, ask about my family, ask about my hobbies.
The employees need it done, but there's never enough manpower to do what needs to be done.
We never seem to be able to please them.
Day One: A long walk back to the office.
I smile, politely, and tell him again that we're already working on a new version, and he won't have any new changes until we start planning the next release after that.
Day Twenty-Three: Richard walks in my office.
Except that I accidentally sat in that stall.
I don't go into many details.
There's another pause, then a chuckle.
He drops the note in front of me and wanders away.
I reply with single-word answers.
Day Two: I walk into the office in blue jeans and an old.
I offer to turn my computer on so someone else can work on my files.
His left hand idly lifts the box and pulls a glazed donut out, as if the left and the right don't know what the other is doing.
I tell him that I won't be in my office today.
He quietly leaves......  Day 237: Richard opens the door.
He mentions that we've had problems getting new hires through orientation, since they don't always have access to their mentors.
And I reply one more time, in a calm, confident tone, no.
I don't even look up from my monitor as I tell him no.
I reply, in the same stoic tone, that I can upload anything that anyone else gives me, and I'll never need to tell corporate where it came from.
He walks close to me, like he's going to put his hands on his shoulders.
They glance at each other, looking confident themselves.
This repeats several times.
So today, I'm uploading some basic wiki software on to out internal site, and I'm starting to write documentation.
They look something up on YouTube when I ask them.
They keep wanting changes to the loading screens.
And anyone who tells them that it can't be done is written up for demotion.
We're expected to give them whatever they want.
I try not to look worried, try not to worry that they've found some loophole to get rid of me.
They both smile politely.
Other guys poke their heads into the stall now and then.
And then I disappear into the restroom.
We've told corporate about it repeatedly, but no one ever gets sent up.
The one that never completely flushes.
I finish my coffee before reading it.
He's not happy, but he's pretending to be.
I think to turn the tables on them.
I ask how they're doing, how their projects are going, how they're getting along with the license project.
Marty's words are exasperated.
He says that we're talking about a big contract, something that corporate is going to be really proud of.
He says that his old provider never refused to switch layouts when he asked for them.
I tell him no, in a simple tone, with no anger, no spite, no glee.
We're not supposed to waste time on documentation, especially something that could be easily copied and given away.
They'd need to reformat and reboot several servers to get it off without my permission.
He nods at me, then at the two people with him, then he leaves.
They laugh when I forget to tighten a valve before removing the old water tube.
There's a new batch of college grads coming in for new employee orientation.
It would be helpful if we had the answer keys and study guides online in one place, so that the kids could do their own research if needed, but corporate demands that we only give the mentors access to that work.
He's laughing like someone who's trying very hard to laugh.
But I do remind them that I don't do much work on the license project anymore.
He asks one more time, in a stern, bouncy voice, to remove the documentation.
I tell him that we've wanted to create an internal wiki page for the main library for years, but corporate refuses to let us.
The woman mentions that they've been having problems with the new customer.
He asks when I'm going to be done with my end on the new license.
He stands silent in the doorway.
They've got fashionable clothes, bright faces, genuine smiles.
He leans in and whispers something in my ear.
At 3:00 PM, I'm covered in water and a bit of a smell.
He wants the date that we can add the new data fields and reformat the database.
They've already lost three good employees trying to push back on them, and the other teams are getting tired of their demands.
So it's always hell for our new employees to find their way around the basic loading screens.
He even starts inventing new things that he needs.
He introduces them both, asks me how I'm doing, compliments my work on the license project.
Too much cost to hire a good plumber, not enough slack in the budget.
And I think to myself, I wonder if that genie knew that flameproof skin would be a much lesser gift than respect.
Anyone else who updates this will could get suspended.
We've never gotten on well with the sales teams, but I feel like we have an understanding.
t-shirt, carrying an old sack of tools.
He winces and reminds me that it's important.
It's taking time away from other projects.
And he's got several emails from corporate.
The one that's backed up three times.
I eventually leave, quietly, politely......  Day 240: When I arrive in the morning, there's a large box of donuts in the break room, with a note from the sales team.
Anger at the unfairness of language.
He drops a USB stick in my lap.
He slams a stack of papers on the desk in front of me.
He calls the information out of place, hard to read, useless for his team.
Even our employees claim they don't know what that project is doing, and the documentation is no help.
He sees that I'm going to spend the rest of my life slacking off, getting paid for nothing.
Day 239: The customer is literally turning red in the face.
They need someone to work on it, but no one has the time.
If anyone else wasted time on it, they'd be reprimanded by corporate for not following the main project.
Marty says, you know, that this will only work for me.
Marty wanders in, acting like he barely notices the snacks.
I assume I'm looking at someone from corporate, someone executive.
They ask how long I'll be.
And I'm the only one with access.
She repeats, in a forceful tone, that anyone who tells them differently is demoted or fired.
His right hand scrawls a note on a piece of paper.
The customer always finds a new way to blame my staff.
The toilet completely flushes.
He always finds a new way to praise his old provider.
They keep wanting to restructure forma and change file formats.
He never declares that he'll be dropping his contract with us.
He's making jokes to himself.
Even Marty......  Day Five: Marty knocks on my door.
