Use you for 30 good years, and then put you out to pasture with a key to the city made of fake gold.
It's all these danged upstarts.
The creature's Shine was strong.
The past 2 awakenings had been bad.
Maybe a little older than the truly young that It liked to prey upon, but It was capable of taking down creatures great and small.
It tried to attack the creature's Shine, to drive its fear up into terror.
Fast Eddy's Pizza opened a new store down here.
Forming words and images stolen straight from the creatures mind, It set the trap.
I wouldn't be here if it weren't for you.
If nobody helps him, he'll end up in a bad way.
Never thought twice about it.
It's not just these new heroes.
Enough with the threats, let's make with the fighting.
There is no Captain Amazing anymore the old man said.
Its arm came loose, severed at the shoulder.
Its rage fuelled It, but the turtles were too much for It.
The one with a red mask replied.
Finally, It was ready to go after its favorite prey.
The immature mind made it all the sweeter.
They had driven It into the outer darkness from whence It came.
Trust betrayed created a fear so sweet, it was hard to think of anything else.
well what else could we do.
Demon, if I sent you back to where you came from, you'd only come again.
Those children nearly killed It.
The salt burned like fire, and the words rang through It like a great bell had sounded.
Well, he said with a stretch, I guess I'll turn in early.
And while I'm at it, what kind of silly name is 'Necroblighter'?The old villains, they had some good names.
His walking stick, carved with unusual ideographs, blazed with light as he drove the point through Its head.
Maturin finally had It cornered.
Suddenly, It was stuck in this realm.
The tiny neuron bursts as it ripped their legs and wings off gave It strength, but It was like drops of water to a man dying in the desert.
Makes you wonder what he can do.
And your death will not be an honorable one.
It sensed something in this part of the sewer.
I reckon a couple of the boys and me will go down and help him out.
just some old geezer with a suit that doesn't fit, arthritic knees, and no pension.
The giant creatures that had walked the earth had been good eating, but were too slow and stupid to truly enjoy.
Don't you want your pizza?Come oooon.
When dark had come, he stood up.
No, these things had thoughts.
Now lets go call Fast Eddy's.
Whenever It would turn to attack one, the other 3 would attack It from behind.
Captain Amazing sighed; I guess they got so used to me turning down rewards they never thought about it.
The Captain grinned faintly in the dark as they walked back into the League of Villains Retirement Home; sure Zeb.
They were as much a part of the shadows as It was; born to the fight, and working together as only brothers could.
It was so weak, and needed to feed.
Mindmaiden had another vision last night.
It began to shift back to the Void, to come up with a plan to destroy these foul things, when a fifth creature came into Its view.
You're a good friend, Zeb   Zebulax shrugged.
There's a little boy that's going to get lost tomorrow on his way to school.
It could sense the Void, but it was like a pane of glass had been placed between It and the Void.
Nothing was stronger than It when It wanted to be, though.
########## *This isn't exactly following the writing prompt, but it's what my imagination spat out*   They killed Necroblighter The old man said.
tweren't right of the city.
and they raced off towards home.
We might take over the world, or steal millions, but we had basic decency.
it crooned  This seemed to make up its mind, and it reached into the shadows to grab the box.
They always seemed to be open to an attack, but they were never where It expected them to be when It hit.
The league of villains would have never stood for that back in our day.
It gave a scream of rage, as 3 more of the creatures materialized out of the darkness, all carrying primitive weapons.
It had bided its time for countless ages, waiting waiting for sentience.
The Captain stared into the distance, watching the sun set.
The old man's friend grimaced.
It slunk through the sewers with a fluid grace; part of the shadows themselves.
Remember our fight on the top of Dead Man's Cliff?I slipped on those rocks, and you jumped over the cliff to save me, even after I had tried to kill you.
Akujin!Watashi wa anata o kono basho ni shibaru!
I heard from my granddaughter.
In a flash, It grabbed for the things arm.
It added muscle and power to Its arm, and prepared to yank the creature into Its mouth, when out of the darkness, a blade flashed.
They had a weak fear that It was able to eat, but they, and the cat he managed to lure into the sewer, only whetted his appetite.
This thing was underdeveloped.
Always believed we could be reformed.
Yep his friend replied after taking a sip of iced tea.
Wait a second How did a pizza delivery guy get in the sewer?
Strange, indeed, but It had never seen a thing It couldn't eat, and It was HUNGRY.
It could sense a small, but growing suspicion in the thing.
All the better that the tastiest meals had no claws, or sharp teeth, nor a powerful Shine to defend themselves with.
The one in red spun his weapons and said We're mutants  The one in purple crouched low with its stick and said We're ninjas  The one in blue smiled and shouted We're TUUURTLLLEEES!
It was too weak to overpower these things until It had fed more deeply.
Not rats, nor some other large animal that decided to make this its home.
Zebulax drained his iced tea and stood up with Captain Amazing.
Pondered the green thing.
The one in the orange mask stopped and said We're teenagers!
It's attack, however, bounced off of something.
It needed something that could truly understand what It was.
Only to grab air?In an instant, several things happened at once.
The creature came over, but slowed.
Spider and serpent, and other unholy things combined onto an abominable killing machine.
'Zebulax'.That's a name that makes you afraid.
A creature panicked was always easy prey.
It was like the rats that It had eaten, but large, and it walked like a man.
An extra-extra-large supreme with triple cheese, hold the anchovies.
Every time somebody offered me a reward, I'd turn it down.
It pulled back with all the strength that Its corporeal form could muster, but this thing was STRONG!It pulled back with equal force.
Now everybody's got to be an 'antihero', and be dark and brooding.
What are you foul creatures!?
It's you guys who really remembered us in the end.
Too strong!The thing threw salt in Its face and shouted worlds in a language It had not heard before.
Smell them like a man would smell freshed baked bread.
They staked him down and let him burn to death in the sunlight.
