The queen then extended a single leg, then activated and turned the television on.
The guilt I had learned to tame over troubled decades of infighting calls to me, from over the horizon, as it whispers in cruel lilting tones, reminding me that they never agreed on the exact cause of the fire.
It appeared that one of the classic forms of torture had been subverted, completely upended.
---  /r/rarelyfunny ########## The wind is whipping against my hair, carrying away the billows of smoke escaping my mouth, lashing a silent rebuke in my ears.
She considered the possibility that he was leading her towards a trap, but pushed that thought away.
There they sat, as the sun completed its retreat, and the stars reclaimed their fair share of the heavens.
All I see are their faces.
There was but a bleak light still illuminating the valley, so Asla relied instead on her hearing to determine where the pebbles landed.
Goblins were naturally disadvantaged in many ways, and had only kept their seat on the War Council by being twice as brutal as the next species.
Theres a sadism alright, thought Asla, but instead she said, I will be straightforward, Folkvarthr.
Matthew?What are you doing?
Nefatim, surly as always, merely nodded, concentrating as he did on animating the rat skeleton before him.
Locks upon locks, knots upon knots.
Underneath her shawl, she gripped her twin knives, priming her defences.
Even if she reacts unexpectedly, Jamie had said, tapping the vest they had fitted over him, Ill be able to handle it with this, right?
It wasnt something I would likely forget anytime soon.
Why does the Council stop me?
They were not channeling any arcane forces, but still they were rising out of the pit in fury, pushing back the demons which opposed them.
Barbarians were hardly known for their eloquence, and as fate would have it, the one person in their entire fiefdom who should be so smitten by the Bards Curse would be their leader, the one person who should have washed himself of every undesirable trait and quality.
The life of one Petyr Ivanov, Beth said.
This be the third such session, Warchief, and no spy has yet uncovered what it is we do here.
The demon had flailed out in the ensuing struggle, and though it succeeded in reducing most around it to mere ribbons, still others managed to escape the pit in large enough chunks to make a difference.
""Oh my god... You know what?I can't tell if you're the fool, or if I was the idiot...Here I was, thinking that my husband had accepted me for what I was, had even embraced the life our daughter would live out...I thought you were *listening* to me, all those years, when I kept telling you that I had distant relatives who had magic, and that I was pretty sure Melanie had inherited those same talents...It was my darkest secret, and I was so worried that you would never accept me...I cried, you know, with joy the first time you called me a Squib..."  "Bloody hell Doria, I thought we were *roleplaying*!Why the hell else would I go *ho ho ho, I'm Hagrid, and my laugh is not all that's big about me* in bed?
An arresting fountain took centre-stage in the hall, bubbling as the water jets twirled and spun gracefully in the air.
Asla kept still, quivering despite her best efforts.
Not when my precious Melanie was, in all likelihood, boarding a frickin' fairy train to Hogwarts at this very instant.
No one here has ever seen the rules themselves.
For all those reasons, I did *not* choose Malters Bridge as my final destination.
Oh no, I suppose I would have done the same thing, said Jamie, a wistful edge to his tone, Every inch of my home would be filled with every trinket, vessel or embodiment of Magic I could lay my hands on.
Even before the gathered crowd could react, even before the first screams could rend the air, he had already frozen in place, encased in a shimmering cage of writhing chrono-filaments.
A reminder flashed at the corner of his eyes, on the insides of the visorplate.
We take turns to check in on him, just to make sure the old boy's getting on well..."  "How would you know where he lives anyway?His identity's still a secret!
You bastards, she thought.
Time slips by so fleetingly, said Vorporl, as he clapped his hands.
I do not have any bugs in this current version," said Rachel.
We still have each other, and thats all we need.
"Oh, oh, let me see!I want to see too!Our darling baby, off on her first few steps to a brand new life!Such a momentous occasion!Richard, please tell me you captured her waving goodbye to us!
As Wesley lay on his back, chest heaving, staring up at the star-encrusted sky, the AnimSuit sparked to life.
Just different physical vessels then?
Subsequent reports confirmed that it was the same on the other Homeworlds  regardless of which element was missing on that Homeworld, Magic was the glue which bound them all together.
you passed, said Vorporl, half in amazement.
What I mean is, is that a real entry or is it... a bug?Why does it only say that I once passed Error 52 on the street, and I grumbled at how Error 52 was in my way?""...
Groggzor like Ale given without hate.
No, said Olafur, not yet.
Time has taken those away from me.
No, no do, said Groggzor, as his veins popped out.
In that moment, Asla understood why the Council had chosen her, of all the practitioners, and a tiny bit of the tension in her seeped away.
Pepe, the first animal I had taught Melanie to draw, as a joke, for shits and giggles.
Mostly, though, no one liked to keep the Devil waiting, and so things had a tendency to work themselves out neatly.
Good, good, said Vorporl, it is always heartening to see that you care.
Wesley remembered when they had first discovered, against all odds, that the stasis chambers were still functional.
Ah, and so it is that you sense that Groggzor is troubled!What do you say next, Cruallax?
He cricked his neck, then forced himself to speak again.
I waved weakly in response.
Yes!The Red Mist had them all tied down.
Enthused clapping rang out as the citizenry acknowledged yet another successful rescue by the hero known as Chronotron, the League's newest poster boy.
Two dice came up low, and the last spun on its axis as they all held their breath.
Would it hurt if they just spent a little effort studying how they can maximize suffering with the minimal amount of effort?
Indexing complete.""Scroll...
The discordant note rang out, streaking upwards towards the angels which had been looking down in increasing dismay.
Surely youre still not upset about losing, are you?
A sudden urgency, an intense loathing, seized him.
""There's no crime if it's for a good purpose," said Vorlax, who as No.42 on the League's most wanted list, really was the last person anyone should be taking legal advice from.
Groggzor want drink frigid Ale!Be nice to Groggzor too!
Heck, she had only felled the one ogre in her life, and that was quite an anemic one at that.
But I just have to know, Matthew.
Its easy to dismiss him as just another sadist so discontent with his own life that he purposely picks off the very best amongst us, in some demented way of reducing the overall *quality* of those left behind.
"Error 52 was there to honk at a driver who was drunk and who had not seen you cycling across the street.
---   /r/rarelyfunny ########## "You sure we won't get in trouble?
They did not stop, in the way that one may expect if a tap were turned off.
The reason why the other departments are complaining.
Haha, very funny, applause all around for my wonderful wife and my turnip of a daughter.
Oh Boss, you know the promise I made to you when I first came to Hell?When you offered me this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity?I told you I would always make the job my first priority, and I meant every word of it!You couldnt have expected me to believe that you were actually instructing me to *defy* you, yes?That wouldnt have made any sense at all, wouldnt you agree?
One of the humans, with his ankles chained to the bottom, doomed to struggle for escape eternally, had stayed submerged for longer than usual.
I am not yet battle-weary.
And that is why I cannot stop, you see?I have to keep going.
Maybe then, we will have a bit more time to enjoy a bit more *Serenity*.Until then   just more bloodshed, said Nefatim, the only words he spoke that day.---  /r/rarelyfunny ########## Panicking is rarely useful.
A tiny flower of dread bloomed in him - if the program were indeed faulty, it would mean weeks, months of corrections before he could hand off the project.
Vorporl!I bring grave tidings!The dragons to the south, they are marauding again!They threaten the very existence of the five Kingdoms!Please, open the door, convene a full War Council!We must fight for our survival!
The groans from half the theatre were drowned out only by the rapturous cheers from the rest.
Rather, all the water froze where they were, transfixed in motion, as if it were all a streaming video which was in the midst of buffering.
One single mistake could easily multiply, and they would be swimming in blood before they knew it.
His team had already adjourned to the pub off-campus to celebrate their success, but Dr Langley wanted a quiet moment with his creation before the government took control of the project the next day.
Jeanne held up her hands, turning them around briefly so that I could see that she was not hiding anything.
For that was what Rachel was - an incomparable librarian, able to instil order in the chaos of information, to bring together infinite threads of knowledge into cohesive tomes.
Once that is done, your debt is clear, and you can return here to live out the rest of your life in peace.
"Ok, *now* was the time to *panic*.
The alarm clock which Kaaboom had helped tape to the front dangled precariously.
Dont rock the boat, just stick to the script.
I hold much sway yet over the night elves, but tis would beggar belief.
Look, all Im asking is, dont be such a bloody show-off, said the Devil.
Get rid of the bloody snake, replace it with an animal with broader appeal than the stupid lion the Gryffies have maybe choose like, something cute and relatable, like a Japanese electric mouse then when no one suspects, you spread your doctrines and your teachings help people see that there are more ways than one to conquer the world  I would have gone on, but Dorias face was drained of blood at this point.
The fourth, fifth, six holograms down the road come to life, carrying messages designed to cut, to provoke, to push me to drop the last cigarette.
It was all going to end tonight.
You want to grab a drink or something?Next ones a bit heavy, a soldier in the Russian army, it seems.
Part guilt for abandoning the child she thought had died all those years ago, part anguish for not doing more, part shame for moving on when her own flesh and blood still suffered in Dessicae, the Magic spilled out of Lwellyn, a malevolent manifestation of her pain.
I I cant sleep anymore, you know.
The two looked at each other, then nodded.
The humans congregating on the left half of the pit, for example, were cheering as dark webs of sorcery encircled them, making them whole where seconds ago they were not.
The older man turned then, and for a moment Asla wondered if the reports were embellished.
