I sigh, even though I'm standing in front of these people, they can never sense me nor hear me.
"One guy says "you were asleep right?But the truck stayed straight.
Johnny slammed against the truck window, rubbing his head.
"Julie says   "No, its more probable that something else held the vehicle straight.
I sigh, they will become adversaries.
We have picked most of our area clean, but there's still a chance the heart of the city is still left untouched so we gotta go there.
I've seen everyone that's ever lived, and I am the reason they've died.
Jonny slows down and stops.
All 5 of the humans are shocked, scared, and very very grateful.
But with there being so little humans left, its not easy to make cardiac arrest just happen anymore.
A plethora of toys, instruments to demise a being with.
A skyscraper will lose its battle to gravity, and win against them.
"We aren't going this way, maybe 'life' could open us a way so we can get food, and not starve to death?
But nevertheless, did you guys notice anything?
"The pregnant woman screeches.
The gods will try something here, I could sense it.
I work on this baby all the time, so I know she pulls to the left, we dont have the parts to replace the bad column.
"Julie looks to jonny as he gets out of the truck, and spits blood on the ground, "at any rate" he says, ignoring Julie.
I feel happiness and confusion as they do.
As the people got out of the truck.
I kill them to maintain the balance of the world.
I was awake and then suddenly I wasn't.
But something has changed, the gods have seen fit to destroy their own creations, the vile things!They have lost hope, only a handful of them remain alive.
"You get in the bed and try to not throw up everywhere.
With so little humans left, and them being separated like this makes me nigh powerless."Well...
"I find these humans amiable.
""Ill bet that's why barfbag suddenly took a power nap.
I was there when their gods created them.
Where gods are connected to them in their life, I am connected to them in death.
"Hear that?Jonny there's betas coming!
As these creatures, these humans began walking this earth I studied them.
"Alright, we are running low on fuel, ammo, and food ok?So we need to focus on food, but if you can find gas or oil, or somehow even find guns and ammo you should grab that too.
As the truck coasted and the passengers freaking out, the skyscraper fell, landing harmlessly in front of them.
I've had to reap most of them, the gods are cruel to allow this to happen.
"That's twice in an hour we were saved from certain death by an unexplainable source.
He is going to gather the few people he can and strike out on his own.
"Julie says as she slides into the drivers seat.
"As she sped off I couldn't help but "smile" at the notion how their conversation was perfectly acceptable.
A small group broken smaller...I don't have the power to stop them from leaving.
The gods are going to crash the truck and kill everyone.
I am DEATH itself I will not fail!The party gather, as I gather.
Julie slammed on the breaks, astonished.
Wars, plagues, accidents, you name it.
She doesn't know it yet, but she is pregnant.
The speed, the carelessness... Oh how much fun I could have!But something brought me back as I could foresee the truck flipping over, the man jonny is going to fall asleep as the girls and the guys flirt and talk about idealistic things and not pay the driver attention.
"The four look back at the guy who spoke first.
Their gods didn't make me, they did.
One woman walks through me and shivers.
I focus my conscious into the truck and start it without anyone inside it.
The human body isn't capable of handling being toyed with by gods apparently.
""Definitely not the spirits, man, I've seen some in action and they are nasty pieces of work.
Since then, anything good that happens to a human is considered a gift from life, and anything bad is considered a curse from god.
The two guys and girl were taken aback as well.
I sigh, as I stand in front of these people and they don't know that I really am just death.
Those people didn't deserve their deaths they got, I could have killed them less painlessly, if I was stronger.
I understand why he is angry though.
"Johnny asks the other people.
Their thoughts, feats, fears, and phobias have born something that is called different things at different times.
"What?Screw off jonny, theres no goddamned way were going there.
Driving fast down the road, singing silly songs, and the two girls dancing to an unknowable beat.
Would it be so hard to accept that life is a real thing?You just saw how we survived two certain things that have no real explaination.
"Listen, Paul, I know your mad.
They all feel alone, they all feel sad and confused.
But I react now, grabbing the wheel, jonny falls asleep, but I keep the wheel straight.
"It wasn't me, Julie I feel fine.
I quickly shut the vehicle off, mustering energy from my consciousness to stall the truck.
She could feel the ominous aura I carry.
I feel everything humans do, I feel sadness and rage.
They need to survive, I need to survive!Theres a hunting party being formed, I won't allow them to become hunted.
""Jenny, start the truck!Jimmy grab a rifle and get in the bed of the truck!Julie you need to get in the truck and lock the doors and windows!
But at the end of the day, I am Death.
He will change his mind if we bring him something to eat.
One is angry at his god for the destruction of his family...I decided they cant lose hope, not now.
"Alright jonny, ill take over.
The gods are trying to extinct us, remember?
You got what?6 people and that's the best you can do?A gut feeling?Peoples lives are in jeopardy and you got gut feelings?
The future of mankind literally is with this woman.
One girl finally notices and slaps him awake, and I let go, he doesnt seem to have noticed my intervention.
"Julie says as she rubbed her stomach, suddenly aware of her little fetus growing.
"So what?You think gods are helping us out all of a sudden?
If they go extinct then I too become extinct with them.
I used to never exist, but suddenly I was.
But I think we got better odds now, I don't know why its just a gut feeling" jonny says.
"Johnny yells  I shake my head.
They can't feel me either.
""I see them coming from the west street!
"Jonny says as he jumps into the front seat of a vehicle.
This time it is some creatures made by their gods, they are called beta voidlings.
""If not gods then what could have?Spirits?Good luck?
And for a while they forgot the situation they were in.
I am with every human, and as they die, I knew I died with them.
Only a few short years ago and this conversation would have taken place in an asylum.
Remember the last time we took a venture into the city?Huh?Katie, sonny, Jake, and 4 children are gone because of your stupid decision!
Individually they are little more than nuisances, but in large numbers like they are in, they become very powerful.
They reached their destination, the city.
Made them in their own image and then left their world to them, without any sort of warning.
I was many things as these creatures changed.
I too forgot the situation.
"Jonny said quickly dismissing it  "Jonny, consider the fact that gods are actually real.
"What the FUCK jonny?You trying to get everyone killed?
