Margarete just shook her head.
"Margarete said, quickly.
"He asked, poking his head out into the other room.
Though she wore warm clothing that obscured her form, she was easily the most beautiful woman that Farrow had ever seen.
But I can't go back there, John, I just can't!
He, too, had seen the very same portal - though, it had been where and when he had been expecting it.
Indeed, he made fun of his own imperfections, laughing and turning them into a beauty the likes of which Hitler had to admire.
The apartment was different, at least, but the story was nothing new.
The man, too, was surprised at Adolf.
########## *Pop*  "Oh...hey, John.
Alas, Adolf, our time grows short.
"He said, smoothing his tunic.
"But, Margarete...you can't stay here either.
But it all kinda just came to me, ya know?
You are rather unpopular, where I come from.
OhI dont think Im anyone that special.
"Farrow sighed, forgetting for a moment who he was speaking to.
Now, I must ask againwould you paint with me?
Her bedroom was a mess - a total, absolute, pig-sty-hit-by-a-tornado kind of mess the likes of which made him cringe.
"She held the object up, half displaying it to John as if she wasn't sure that she wanted him to see it.
"Without waiting for him to give an answer, she grabbed his arm and began to steer him towards the strange device."I...don't...think..."
*Ein pinsel*!I knew you looked like something!Yes, Mr. Pinsel, I will paint with you.
Why do they seek to kill me?I have done no wrong to warrant it, at least in memory.
"I don't see any needles this time.
Farrow let out a cry and began trying to power the device down, but she simply swatted his hand away and continued to work.
"Farrow's eyes widened in realization.
It was quiet  so quiet that he was sure neither dawn nor dusk were anywhere close at hand  and yet, still he was awake.
Besides, it would break my fianc's heart if I broke up with him now.
But no matter how much he hammered away at the controls, the machine never responded.
But why have you come?Are you from the school?You are no one I recognize.
"He asked, filled with wonder.
"With two luxurious strides, the woman stepped into the circle of light that surrounded Farrow's desk like a halo.
He shivered beneath his blanket despite the warmth, and lit a candle.
"John swallowed, finally understanding."Whose...?
It was the earliest we could reach before they started coming.
But soon, the sky outside the window turned from black to gray, and the candle burned low in its stand.
Like you thought, I guess.
You may call me Kalika...and if what I have heard is true, we will be quite the pair.
It felt right, he thought, to speak like this into the night.
It seemed to bulge oddly, as if it were caught on something, but eventually he pulled it free.
For things that havent, and will never happen.
More awake, in fact, than he had felt in years.
"Said another voice, sonorous and deep.
Perhaps there is a thing or two I could learn.
He wore robes long enough to scrape the floor, a pointed hat, and an expression that was equal parts sorrow and joy.
It was dark and quiet - the kind of quiet that only comes out in a busy place after midnight, once the everyone had long ago left for home.
Im afraid I will need to be leaving soon.
Now was the only time I could come.
Many have sought your life, though we have stopped them allwill have stopped them?You even stopped a few yourself, I think.
I didn't actually *plan* on anything.
"As far as who I am, we have met before - though I doubt you could remember it.
Whowho are you?Why have you come here into my bedchambers so rudely, and without invitation?
He looked the man up and down, and was struck by how odd he looked with his black cloak and his fuzzy head.
I hope that you come to visit again.
Magazines, sheets, and even bits of old food covered the carpet like a layer of soil.
He blinked, and he was home.
"The powers that be deemed it too dangerous, they never even wanted me to test it.
"He said, showing off the purple cloth.
But if it isn't, this is one hell of a trip, ya know?
But I will honor your request.
"He just sort of threw them at me the second I showed up!Was yelling something about a prophecy, but hey.
He continued to clean in silence.
Then, regaining some of his composure, he pressed on, "And how did you get in here?The doors are all locked, no one should have been able to even get inside!
See, it turns out we're in...like...a simulation, or something?
In her hands, she held a small stick made of cheap white plastic, half hidden behind her shaking fingers."John...I.
"He asked, feigning ignorance as he picked up a particularly crusty Playboy."Gone.
This sappy-looking, scrawny twit of a teenager had discovered what had taken him years - *years* - to figure out on his own.
I pray that we might start now."
They've got some wicked herbs here, man.
From somewhere within his cloak  where, Hitler couldnt imagine, as it was rather tight he withdrew a pair of easels, complete with canvas, paint, and brushes.
I have no recollection of this.
"I know you're back there, behind the doorway.
"Who the hell are you, coming in here, telling me how to live my life?With your...your good clothes, fancy shoes!I bet you never had to deal with any crap in your entire life!
It's not..." She stammered.
If he was wrong, no one would be the wiser.
"He said, eyes narrowing.
At the time, he had chalked it up to a simple miscalculation, but now he was not so sure.
Perhaps that was even more frightening than the beast.
I'm not gonna complain - free stuff!How much you think this crown is worth?
With a whirl of his cloak, Mr. Pinsel was gone, leaving nothing behind but a single canvas and a few drops of paint on the future tyrants bedclothes.
"I don't know...it could have been Dave, I guess.
"She smiled again, pointed canines glinting.
In the history books, all they ever spoke of was the hatred, the atrocities.
"The teen said, frowning.
Despite that, however, he wasnt ready to relax just yet.
He had thought that the shock might have been enough to send him back, but her expression haunted him.
Her crying, sitting on the edge of her bed, not quite covering the bruises over her eyes.
"Farrow yelled, dismayed.
"You could have gotten yourself killed!
I forgot the hour!Though I am still not sure whether you were real or not, our time together was quite enjoyable.
"Leonard turned away, deep in thought.
Some specter?Are you some devil, come to steal the breath from my lungs and soul from my flesh?Show yourself!
She had long, dark hair that flowed nearly to her waist, with skin the color of honeyed milk.
"I don't know what to do, where to go..."   "It's going to be ok, Mar.
Confusion, disgust...to think, for over a decade they had known each other, and she'd never thought to ask why he left.
"I'm a little foggy on the details.
"It just sort of...happened.
"I...I don't know what I'd do, if it weren't for you.
To his surprise, the figure stopped, holding up a finger as if to ask for a moment while he fumbled with his hood.
* There's this big purple portal, and I land myself right in the middle of the courtyard, ya know?
