The virus attacks the lungs, deteriorating the Aveoli, til the host vomit bloods and stop breathing.
And it was never even stopped by a biological warfare that wiped four fifth of the population of the world.
It was a success, I established a trust through a lifetime supply of Oreos to take you out of that prison.
As soon as the bacteria consumed the Virus, itll decay on its own together with the decaying body of a walking dead.
Most likely a community inside a huge glass dome with factories and condominium type buildings for survivors.
As I reached the British Columbia, I started to become more cautious.
It was him who announced I won the supplies and it was him so gets so excited every first Monday of the month when my delivery comes in.
And there, I was an instant famous kid.
The only kid that remain happy for me getting those supplies is my best friend Kenneth.
########## Then the lift door slowly opens and a secretary greeted me from a marble desk and escorted me to the heavy wooden door across the elevator.
Its been a long time since I heard from you.
Thats why I made sure this time Ill get you out of that isolated lab.
I dont know what to expect.
It may sound a bit cliche but the man who is seated on the desk is facing the window with his back towards me.
First Monday of March, when the drone came with a box of Oreo and a letter.
But traveling through time did not do me any good.
They asked me to take the lift alone and that should take me to the CEOs office.
Now, I was all alone in this post apocalyptic world where the lung virus have evolved into something destructive.
It is my favorite you know, so its the first thing that came to my mind.
Lanes are jammed with empty cars that I need to do more reroutes.
I never bothered to track where their factory is, theres no point of risking in traveling across the States just to check where is their factory.
Sincerely yours,  KB CEO of Oreo comp.
Depraving you of air to breath til the body looses oxygen, paralyses then dies.
How should I greet him?Will I be formal?Or casual?Or should I start with a Hello?Will I introduce myself right away?Or did he already know me?
The moment of surprise happened when I was at school.
With these deliveries came the last supplies of Oreos we have.
Then to my home in California, when I had a wife and a kid.
Maybe the Oreo company just decided to continue their promise of lifetime supply by sending it through drones.
So its not a big deal for me to win that lifetime supply of a famous cookie.
Yeah, literally all my lifetime.
On my way there, i felt mixed emotions.
I havent seen you in ages but I will still remember your funny smile!
And now to this isolated laboratory in Washington.
Now we have lung viruses and zombies but Oreo never failed to deliver my monthly supply of Oreos!Yes, they still deliver my fucking lifetime supply of Oreos!At first I was never suspecting when I went to college and still found their way to my dorm.
But I still need to remain sane in this lonely environment to focus on my work.
It was a cardboard box with 10 packages with nine packs of 3 pieces Oreos each.
Technically, no living creatures are staying at the road, they are either in cities, towns, forest or highlands where the air is thin.
Slowly he turned his seat and there sitting is my old friend, Kenneth.
It is a rather neat building, not much of a fancy building but it is clean and neatly maintained.
And with the help of other chemists, we made the cure airborne to be released in the close vicinity of the major cities.
Zombies are nowhere to be found in the highways.
I crossed through British Columbia then to Alaska.
It says, Congratulations, you just won a lifetime supply of Oreos.
This way, it would be easy to scatter the cures against the infected walking corpses.
I made sure the vehicle ill be using are all functioning the night before and packed all the supply for the long travel.
I still need to work on this bacteriophage I was working with.
It deteriorated my cells faster that im already dying.
Hes a good guy, were both the nerds but hes into physics while I like biochemistry the most.
I dont know whos sending them and why but they helped me in creating the cure against this virus.
I also felt weird with the idea of meeting the CEO of the company that delivers me my lifetime supply of cookies since I was a kid.
But the fame never lasted.
The military men escorted me immediately to the CEOs office.
By the time I arrived in Eielson base, I was welcomed by an armed party of military men with gas masks who escorted me to the plane that will take me to the secured facility.
Here you can continue your research.
The supplies may not last for my lifetime but it delivers the beginning of life to many people across the world.
But that somehow made me the famous kid in town.
Every kid in town was all in awe when the first box of Oreo was dropped in our front porch.
Roads are beginning to become crowded.
So for seven long years of staying in this isolated place I have decided to leave this place for an unsure place that offers a safe haven for survivors.
I was able to escape them but they track me back to my laboratory.
Somehow excited to see more survivors which kickstarted by these armed men who welcomed me.
Every first Monday of the month, it never fails to deliver my supply.
Now that the virus find its ways from the lungs into the veins across the nervous system, making the dead man rise and walk to look for a new host for the virus to feed.
It was an enclosed air filtered lab to prevent contaminants from the outside to reach the bacteriophage I was working with.
Not to long, Kenneth died leaving me the sole owner of the facility.
They helped me in improving the cure and this place is no longer safe for me, knowing that last night, a zombie was able to enter the lobby and will make sure find a way to get to this secure lab.
I cant help myself to fiddle on the handle of my suitcase as the usual elevator music surrounds the lift.
I lose my family, my parents, my wife and my kids in that incident.
So I bought the Oreo company from the past under a pseudo-name Kent Bartley and made sure you get the winning pack for a lifetime supply of Oreo.
Im not sure about this but im still taking the risk.
Just to reach the airport, it would take me almost 2 days of drive to reach the Eielson Airforce Base but it took me rather four days by rerouting since few highways are blocked.
You see, Im still a physicist but also somehow the CEO of Oreo.
But discovered it wont happen here in this timeline, so I need to get you out of that laboratory in Washington.
Paul, I dont have much time left, so all of my assets and properties are planned to be transferred to your name to make sure that all of my works wont go to waste.
Then we went to the college and pursue our dreams then never heard anything from him anymore.
I tried several times time traveling in the past to send you letters and messages through recordings but you wont go out of that facility.
I like putting my face hidden in books.
One day I was away the lab to gather samples of the virus for the experiment when I get caught in the middle of a zombie crowd.
I tried to track whos delivering it but to my disappointment, it is being delivered by a drone.
Its not like I was too excited about the idea of having a lifetime supply of Oreo but its not really in my wildest dream that I will be chosen to be the kid to get the golden ticket inside that small pack of cookies.
A North Korean missile that was launch to the six major continents releasing an airborne biochemical that killed many people who has been exposed to the virus.
Attached to this letter is the address of the airport where the plane that will take you to our facility.
Even it means buying a whole cookie company and supply you with Oreos every Monday to gain your trust.
But if I would establish a trust from a single thing all through out the years it should start from your childhood.
And finally, I successfully created the cure through the bacteriophage I was working.
Things started to get weirder, the drone dont just supply Oreos but it started delivering laboratory supplies even the chemicals that I need suddenly being delivered without me asking them from anyone.
It was rather lonely and long drive.
I may have random cravings for Oreo but Im not obsessed to it.
The letter contains:   Hello Dr Paul Benedict,   This is to inform you that the Oreo company has a protected facility that is willing to house the survivors of the virus outbreak.
I thought everything would be easy as I reached the airport since I never had any issues along the way.
But nothing would keep you out of that place.
Our facility is strategically located in the highlands of Alaska in an isolated community to hold the invading walking dead.
And please make sure to bring this letter with you to secure your entry to our facility.
It was a sudden but a painful death.
Well, I was able to talk to myself from an alternate timeline where you were able to create the cure and save the mankind.
I was at the lab when the incident happened.
But I never knew the promo could be so literal.
I made sure all you need is in here to finish the cure.
I know there is potential in this bacteria to destroy the virus that makes the dead person walk the earth.
And I hate drawing attentions, Im the nerd kid you know.
