I do truly wish to help them, the souls that find me, but I cannot venture beyond these hallowed grounds.
You, my son, are in the afterlife.
We look to eachother, the being and I, for a short moment.
I was cold and frightened though I didnt know why.
The first thing I saw was not his blazing hair or short stature, but the look of pure terror in his eyes as he laid them upon the being.
Evidently, it didn't matter as I eventually made my way to an immaculately white sort of palace.
I continue forward, until eventually I see them.
You mean to tell me, that Im no longer alive?How can that be?I was just with my kids!
My pleading eyes beseeching answers from the being before me, wanting desperately to be told I could return to my family.
As I walk the void again searching for the next lost soul I like to remember the days after my arrival.
They dont like being contained.
I focus on my breathing, willing myself to stay calm.
No, I cannot in good conscience let you leave the palace grounds.
You can see them yes, but you cannot interact with them.
She was so confused, she could see her mother and yet she could not make her hear her.
I state rather subdued for the position I find myself in.
I stood beside the being as they spoke to him.
It was a long walk, the first time.
They smiled, though it didnt reach their eyes, and took a moment before responding.
I dont have to look back with fear in my own eyes as I answer that yes, yes indeed I can take you home.
Suddenly they turn, and as if they can see me through the thick haze of the void, and they walk towards me.
I have traded in my sheep for the souls of the dead, and I feel now at peace.
The more I spoke the more fright and doubt creeped itself into my voice.
They do not speak for a long while before gazing out into the vast nothingness.
I dont know what it is, but I am once again a shepherd.
She looked like she just wanted to wake up from the nightmare she suddenly found herself in.
The being, to their credit, flinches at the words I throw.
Many have followed in my footsteps, or attempted to, but only I have ever been able to leave.
Tell me, what is your name?
The being took extra care with this one, they sat with her and comforted the soundless sobs of the girl who cried out to her mother.
He tells me, matter of factly, as he looks at me without fear.
I open my mouth to retort before a thought strikes me, and I speak before I think.
I am as much a prisoner as anyone.
She was torn away from the love of her life, forced to watch her move on without her.
The palace was infinitely bigger than it should have been, but by this time I cared for little more than watching my beautiful daughters and wife.
They smile, and when finally they reach me they stand unmoving.
Most importantly, you can always see below.
I dont look behind me, fearing that when I do Ill confirm that I cannot find my way back home.
Standing there before me was a figure, tall and slim with flowing white robes that danced in a silent breeze.
They walk, or run, or crawl, all on their way to find any place but the vast emptiness of the void.
Im afraid that should you attempt this foolish mission, it will surely be the last I see of you for a long time.
With a snap of lithe fingers the air before me shimmers and reveals my family.
It wasnt fear, it was more shock and loathing.
So when that next soul looks up at me and says Can you take me home?
Raising my voice earns only a pained expression from the being before me.
They looked at me intently and waited with patience for me to speak.
So you do not know?In that case, seeing as I have still retained my free will, Ill set out on my own.
I wish to help them, those damned lost souls, I wish to bring them to the true afterlife they deserve.
I cannot choose who or how, the most I can do is sit with them, comfort them, and give them a home to await the loved ones they so desperately wish to see again.
Believe me, I dont want to do this to you.
Can you tell me where I am?I want to see my family.
In the void beyond I am lost, and cannot risk losing my way.
Did I look the same?When their conversation was over, I took it upon myself to speak to him personally.
For the first time since I can remember, I was alone.
I turn back to face the gentelman and with a calm and reassuring tone I say Yes, yes I can lead you home.
The arrivals I saw, and how I couldnt stand to see the raw fear or devastation in their eyes.
Im sorry, truly I am, that this must happen.
What should become of me, should you be allowed to leave but are unable to return?Surely my regret would be immeasurable.
Without another word the being vanishes.
Gathering my courage, I finally turn around.
They look back to me with a seriousness that is entirely new.
I harden my gaze and refuse to relent as they study me.
I couldnt blame her, I too was hoping this was nothing but a poor mans awful dream.
Now you are free to roam the realm of the dead for as long as youd like.
I will gladly speak with you night or day.
You see you were not the first to die, you were merely the first to make you way out of the void.
Why cant they hear me I can see them but they dont know Im here!
In the meantime, you can choose to be alone or you may spend your time with me.
The figure stood with a confidence Id never witnessed and their face shown pure delight as they began to speak.
I clench my fists in anger and spit You want to comfort them?You havent even the decency to lead them here!They wander for endless hours, scared and alone!How can you stand there and tell me you wish to help them when you wont even spend a moment to find them!?
I am truly sorry, I know your kind handles lonliness poorly.
I walked for some time, never totally sure I was going the right way.
You are a kind soul, John, but Im afraid.
They turn away from me, and with a flick of the rist the mist that ensnares the void begins to clear before my eyes.
All she saw was that of a broken woman who will never see her child grow.
Uncontrollably my face breaks out in a grin as I see the palace mere yards away from me.
In the night, with the being knowingly watching from the palace tower, I make my way out into the sea of searching souls.
Im afraid so, but please dont worry there will be more of you soon.
You see your souls, what you are now, are very strong.
You have to understand I cannot choose when a soul returns home.
The next was a young woman.
Im afraid theyll not respond.
In the absense of the mist, I see them.
So this, this is my life now?
It takes me what feels like two more days to ponder what I have learned.
Wandering souls dot the area.
She made her way rather quickly, and as we gather outside to greet her we arrived at practically the same time.
Unfortunately the world you know does indeed end, and this is what happens when you meet it.
This time I know, I was just as lost as her.
I yell into the images, but if they notice they do not show it.
True to their word, within a week a new person appeared.
You did not wander for hours, but for lifetimes.
When the time finally came that the young girl was calm enough to be left with the other two souls, I aproached the being.
And so I did, and so I still do.
So when I built the vessel you inhabit, I knew one day you would need to break free and return home.
Here you will not want for anything, all your needs will be met, you cannot be injured or subjected to anything you dislike.
I understand, Ill just show you to your room.
Stella!Stella can you hear me!?
I dont- What do I- What happens now?
The world around me ceased to be the vibrant landscape of the lush jungle greens, my vision filled with a misty grey void that seemed endless.
