If she doesn't like my offer, she'll wipe my memories again and what happens if I find these pictures a second time?I might change my mind again and go back to evil.
I dunno which choice Superman would make.
I told myself I'd skip the subtext and buy an actual Superman costume online before I went flying around the world chucking nukes into deep space and putting out forest fires.
How much of this did you know before we married?They must have contacted you at some point by now; they must've told you who I was, what I did.
I can't go back to doing what I did, but I do have my powers back.
She'll come to confront me again, and I'll let her take me back.
If I tried again, right now.
You deserve to know, if you didn't already.
So I thought on it, and I realized something.
Enough that if I just spilled it all out at once, I could squish this city with it.
The first one that comes to mind is, there's no one left to impress like that.
Our actions from now on can only decide what happens to us and the aliens.
I might be able to find it before she arrives, and if I leave it here for you...The Lorekeeper's secret identity.
I dunno if you agree with that or not.
So that when people saw me coming, they'd know I was coming to help.
The chance to save seven billion lives, however slim, is worth the risk to my one life, however great.
If I surrender to the Lorekeeper when she comes, if I offer to use the power I already have for good.
Nothing we do to these invaders will bring back the people they killled.
I can't even picture him thinking of a moral dilemma like this.
I remember fantasizing about it maybe a week before first contact; it was a thought I had often.
I could use the bodies of anything I consumed as raw material to transmute into... anything, really.
One inference leads to another.
*  And I don't know if maybe thinking it a second time jogged my memory somehow or...I don't know.
It was created, and whatever entity has the resources to create a source of magic must, by definition, be a god.
I hope you do what you can to spare the enemy's life, and I hope I come back one day to fix this.
I need your help, Sara; I'll hide these notes in a place only you would ever find them.
Now that I think about it, that does sound almost like what Superman might say.
Whatever the source of our powers is, whether you call it magic or mana or Light or a million other things; there is a source.
The whole thing just shattered into scrap metal.
I don't need to ever kill again to do it.
There are a few problems with that now.
I don't know how old I was, or how strong I was on that first day.
It isn't to save the world; we got these powers too late for that.
I don't!Maybe what made the difference was seeing all the end results laid out in front of me, all the horrible things I already did, all the suffering and the death, and I failed anyway.
Hundreds of billions?Trillions?Trillions of them against seven of us, and we're winning.
There are seven human beings still alive on Earth; the rest of us were wiped out by aliens.
I searched for more details online, and I'm sure it must've raised an alarm for the Lorekeeper.
One that specifically took interest in humans for a number of possible reasons, including ones suggested by a few of our religions.
I don't know what will happen to me if I fly too far from Earth or the Sun; maybe the magic will cut off and I'll need air again and I'll die out there in space.
The other six survivors don't need or want Superman right now, besides, you guys are all as invincible as I am.
If Heaven, then afterlife and souls and *one possible chance* to undo the extinction of the human race and end the conflict with these aliens without murdering them all.
They brought colony ships the size of the Moon, dozens of them; you can see the whole fleet at night.
And we can be reasonably sure evolution just doesn't do this.
None of this makes any sense.
*  This magic, whatever it really is, it didn't evolve.
No matter who those lives are, human or otherwise.
And intelligent engineering, which produced things like cars.
I must've thought to myself...  *I wonder what I could do with all this power.
Because the whole time I was doing it, the whole time I was Hunger, I kept telling myself it was worth it.
Maybe she might let me do what she does.
I grew up watching the old Superman movies on tape.
I leave this note to you, the six of you, and I hope you forgive me.
*There were only two known causes of purposeful complexity.
Then I could absorb the dead from the ruins, add them to the pile...I could probably kill the Lorekeeper if I did it.
If not, this is my suicide note.
Her name is  Sara?no  no no no you can't be
I have enough time to leave these papers for you, but I'll be gone by the time you get home.
Two or three cities' worth of life was a lesser evil compared to any war I could avert by taking over the world.
When we met that day, I was growing stronger on an exponential curve, and it was about to go straight up.
Now I'm looking at it all laid out on our kitchen table.
Wherever He is now, he hasn't been paying attention.
I can't imagine how many of them there are.
I've checked, and it's all still there.
I haven't said so out loud, not to any of you, but I still think it.
And those religions usually also claim that God has *been* here, to Earth, and spoke in person with His creations.
To Superman, the right thing to do is instantly obvious.
No, that's not good enough.
I read a book once that had this line about evolution.
It's something only humans can use.
God isn't paying attention though, so someone has to go find Him and tell Him to look this way.
I don't even know where I'm going; which way God went; so I'm relying on faith and that sounds like a shitty plan, but I have to do it.
In my old life I was Hunger.
Every single person I ever killed died for nothing.
Natural selection, which produced things like butterflies.
But I can guess exactly what went through my younger self's mind.
Second, I'm not as good a guy as Clark Kent ever was.
So you can remind me of who I was, so you can help me contact her preemptively.
I think a trillion lives are worth more than seven, no matter how we ended up in this situation.
But for you to stay with me after that, you couldn't have known everything.
I drew power from eating living creatures.
I think we should surrender.
Again, this thing was moon-sized and filled with billions of aliens.
There are worse ways to die.
I grew up wanting to be like the man himself; I always thought I'd do what he did if I ended up with his powers.
Me though; I have to think on it.
I don't want to do that again, Sara.
I met the Lorekeeper in battle and I lost; I never conquered the world, and that man who tried is gone as surely as if he'd been killed.
One of us brought down a colony ship yesterday.
I need to prepare for this, but I don't have a lot of time and I don't like my chances.
She took a running start and jumped from the Earth's surface hard enough to punch a hole out the back of the ship.
The fact that I can think that means there's something wrong with me on a deeper level than my powers, Sara.
The biomass I've already collected is still a usable resource.
All it would take is one city rendered down into biomass and I would be invincible.
########## I don't remember how I found out about my powers the first time.
I'm strong enough for that already.
I see that now; let me explain.
Her face under that helmet, her name, who is she?I'll find it and I'll write it here.
Therein lies the problem.
I never believed in Him before first contact, and for a while afterward I kinda figured the existence of aliens confirmed it.
I told myself the math checked out.
