I turned to deal with it, knocking the pan to the ground.
I dont know, my dad is on his way, he wanted dinner, I dont cook, and this looked easy enough.
Just north of New York city, in a place that I thought was part of New York State, a small town called Fair Lawn.
!You were supposed to be chicken soup!
Jef showed me the way around the store, making snide comments about how he didnt understand how I didnt even know the difference between different cuts of chicken meat.
Whoever needed us there was in a hurry.
"You said... tw..wo galactic years ago?That was 500 million years years ago!
Ding!When preparing a soup, the edibles must be cut into proportionally medium size before being put in a pot and boiled with water.
We took them, and enjoyed talking about mom and sis as we ate.
A large chamber with representatives from all known intelligence*   "How dare one planet decide who lives or dies!
How the hell did a dog get in here?Why?Why now?
Full camps of people, most of which warned us off our journey north.
Back to grandmas old book it is, I guess.
It called for stock, carrots and celery, and chicken.
We stayed in the camp for a while, trying to decide our next course of action.
"Counselor Jaxa spoke up.
We, along with other survivors did what we had to.
All I care is that its apparently a great lubricant and Ill be introducing it to Jenny as an alternative to our usual stuff.
Ever cautious, Dad and I backed up to our temporary home.
Many standing in line, holding notes or packages, just like mine.
It was an obsession that paid off.
Until nuclear war broke out, and the country was obliterated.
I pick it up and go through it haphazardly, looking for the the most perfect chicken soup known to man chapter.
He did explain that stock was basically water that had chicken bones and meat boiled in it until it had chicken flavor, but he also handed me a bottle of bouillon cubes, which he explained were like chicken salt.
Do you remember all the Oreo contests?The ones where if you had the special cookie design or special colored filling you had found the proverbial golden ticket?As a kid, I was obsessed.
A message from my father saying he wants to come for a visit came to my phone about two hours ago.
""You're telling me that a system so far away is home to that many life forms?How many exactly?
The book is right on the counter, where I left it before trying to go and get some help from Jef.
I move it and drop the chopped carrots and celery in the pan.
He had me stay back, and took my note with him.
Back in the day we were all inspired by all the documentaries we saw about regular joes inventing world changing devices.
I sure did miss the internet.
It's a high oxygen nitrogen mix.
The poor chopped vegetables fall to the ground and scatter, and the ones stuck to the pot also burst in flame.
On my way down I hear a dog of some kind barking as if it saw a squirrel.
By my calculations about 250 million of your years.
I set the book down next to the stove and turn to cut the carrots and celery.
At some point we had to figure out where we were going.
But we lost my mom and my sister.
Those vegetables never stood a chance.
"My species has only been around for 200 thousand years.
Tonight will be difficult.
I panic and back away, tripping in the process, nonsensical words flying from my mouth.
It looked at the serpentine Counselor again, hoping for more reassurance, but not came.
I had thought maybe at first it was someone from our past, but as we travelled farther and farther away from our home, that likelihood decreased exponentially.
We would have to travel through the irradiated zone to get to the factory.
I figure Ill save time and put the pot on the stove and turn the heat on.
We debated what was going on, until Dad decided to find out what was going on.
I run to the corner, where the still smoldering cookbook had been kicked.
I checked out at a register that Jef opened just for me and walked to my car.
More people than we had seen in a long time.
I gently put the car in the driveway and make my way back inside.
Hey, that was one time!Five years ago!Will you let it go already?!
We found a nice home to stay in, evacuated at some point with the owners to never return.
I could see the neighbors lights through my own window, but covered with a curtain, I could not see further than the window.
Waving its six arms in anger.
Jef snorted, Im sure already thinking about his next post, wondering how he could get himself invited to this dinner.
A note summoning us to the Oreo factory in New Jersey.
I was dreading cooking this soup, and I was running out of time before Dad arrived, as he would expect to eat as soon as he arrived.
Together, we were able to form a picture of where we were going.
It is where vegetables are cooked on high heat in a pan until they soften.
This is not a normal guy.
r/LandOfMisfits ########## A combined effort between myself and u/Compodulator  The evening was average in every way possible.
He posed dramatically as a ballerina in mid spin The great chef, Kevin Jamesonvichtkin will now prepare a ten-star meal and not blow up the place up for a change?
We chose to go up the coast, as close to the ocean as we could.
The supervisor doesnt really like it when I use actual swear words, as she puts it, so as part of my rehabilitation program she clearly pulled straight out of her ass, I am now supposed to use this particular phrase instead of good ol fashioned fuck.
I flipped through, and found something that I was sure, even I, couldnt manage to screw up.
It shuffled its bipedal feet on the ground, darting its eyes towards different Counselors.
Then the book, which had continued to smoke, caught flame.
The postal carriers would make jokes about the oreos, and I would laugh and give them a package.
I glanced around the store.
I dash downstairs for the fire extinguisher that is probably older than I am.
I divert my gaze from the stove for a moment to roll on the floor and find my balance again.
"A tall blue serpentine Counselor spoke up.
I reasoned that we had been eating the Oreos for months.
!I get back and pull the pin, spraying all over the place without looking.
Just in time to hear, So youve been chosen too?You were also a lifetime supply winner?We all are.
All life is in the balance!Reports say that you have 8.7 million *breeding* species!On one planet!
After we dressed and walked outside, we saw something we could hardly believe.
As we walked to the factory we realized that was all just a distraction to the real issue.
My parents thought it was cute.
I hold the knife in my best impression of a serial killer and get to work.
I groan and try again Excuse me, Jenkins, what goes where in a soup?
Within seconds they are smoking too!I grab a spoon and shove them around trying to prevent them from catching on fire.
I said in one quick breath.
Hundreds of people were camped outside of the factory.
Im not paid enough to deal with her.
Pathetic mortal!You have awoken me from my eternal slumber!No longer trapped between life and death, I will grant you one last pleasure before I set this world ablaze!
That was, until the rate at which the Oreos appeared rapidly increased.
"We have records indicating that the system was informed two galactic years ago.
No rain, no wind, no snow, not even a car on the street or a bark of the occasional stray dog.
I am the absolute polar opposite of a high-grade chef.
The house we chose even had a bathroom decorated with Oreo paraphernalia.
Jesus, you fuck up once, and the world never forgets.
These smartphone features should be renamed to smartASS features.
We couldn't go back for months the area was so irradiated.
r/LandOfMisfits  Edit: Capitalizied Oreo's  Part 2:  The trekke took us months.
Doesnt work very well seeing as that one single celery apparently turned into a carpet bomb and covered the entire floor with its leaves.
Now, Ive never been one to listen, so of course I followed him.
The fire is gone, the ceiling is a mess, and theres a notably angry guy in front of me now.
