""Oh, they won't figure it out until it's too late.
Dedicate hundreds of years to it, but it's never enough.
The room is surprisingly bare beyond old toys and dirty clothes.
It matters little, I will come for her when the time is right.
The endless, grinding, horrifying work.
Perhaps if the galactic council had sought to control the amount of sapient life forms, the humans would have left them in peace.
Absurdly, I pick up the cup and hold it outward as she takes a small white kettle and pours some pretend tea.
"We killed them before we'd discovered gravitons.
And there's always profit to be found in the most unlikely of places.
A little pile of Japanese steel that glinted and sparkled, despite the day being entirely overcast.
To me, the dead man who is here but not here, I find those things to be one and the same.------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  r/storiesfromapotato - for stuff from me  r/redditserials - for stuff from me and others
"It's a stupid thing to say, but I'm not entirely here right now.
Whatever they say about me now, I consider myself a shepherd of lost souls and a doomed planet.
Amazingly I discovered it at a garage sale after my neighbor died.
Outwardly they would claim these qualities, but in practice there was only pragmatic brutality.
Always fighting the clock.
Those day have long past.
The nurse does so, hopefully this'll help stop the bleeding.
Scan their system, infiltrate communication arrays, map their colonial strongholds and systematically take what's theirs.
The blood, the blood, the blood.
*He's going to hit her,* the thought comes unbidden.
No preamble, no dramatic rant about the history of vampires and humans, of the secretive idiotic conflict between pretentious men and women desperate to kill as many 'nightcrawlers' as they can.
They decided they liked being the apex species of the Milky Way.
*Not here,* I think to myself, though it's distant and weak.
Basically either be the best, or die.
There are holes in some of the walls.
"When he gets up, him and I are going to have a talk, Ashley.
Taking a seat, we exchange pleasantries.
Instead of destroying the Earth, the council had lent it the collected knowledge of the advanced species of the Milky Way.
Most species would beg for mercy.
They killed, they loved, they laughed, they plotted, the helped, they prayed, they raged, they envied, they shared and they lived.
A bustle of activity, of locked doors and hurried calls.
What's the saying?Fool me once, shame on you.
*Pick me up,* a voice tells him.
Some were captured by orbital satellites.
Pull me out of a war zone?There's only one reason for such a pleasant set of terms, rather than the usual *Die foul demon spawn!
Human through and through, arrogant to the last.
Now, is it true your species can only exist in three dimensions?
With our upgrades, you should be able to craft spacecraft that are capable of faster than light travel."Excellent.
"Things should be better around here," I tell her, and mean it.
Weights slam into me, though I hear nothing, the great buzzing and voice still speaking to me, overlapping in order and command.
Perhaps from their own star.
Richardson, we've taken great pains to find you.
There's a mish-mash of plastic utensils and plates, all from seemingly random and disparate design.
Sinner or saint, they blow us all to smithereens.
"Well that was mostly accidental," I say.
*  "In exchange, we offer a sense of immunity.
Two legs, two arms, one big hunk of meat between their ears that told them interesting things and lent impressive deductive skills.
Such was the will of the nude monkey.
Humans have an amazing ability to forget about the atrocities they'll commit to stay alive.
By her posture, a Hunter.
Maybe if we sell planet cracking rights to Mercury they'll give us a few more uplifting designs.
Sometimes you get those random flashes from the past, looking at those infected wounds.
She's been speaking, but I haven't been listening.
Nothing motivates a human more than hate or fear or love.
On the third rock around a rather average yellow star, orbited a planet populated by naked apes.
Some kind of sense of normalcy?A golden key to a life I've never had?I cut her off before she can work on her false attempts at convincing.
Humans, were quite the different story.
""I suppose it does," I say, twirling a pen in my right hand.
This'll turn and fester into something dangerous if I don't address it here and now.
His wife and her mother died giving birth, and he has never forgiven her.
r/storiesfromapotato ########## "Three colors?What exactly do you mean by that?
I'm drowning, drowning in my own blood.
I make my way through halls and corridors, looking for the rooms containing the youngest of the children.
Push him now, push him hard.
The girl smiles again, the crooked teeth and sunken eyes hopeful for the first time in a long time.
*  A voice from nowhere and everywhere.
Perhaps on their home world.
I'm not that kind of thing anymore.
"It's matter of fact and straight to the point.
It finds me, though it takes its time.
*  Imaginary friends, or guardian angels.
Sure, they'd probably cap off at twelve billion on Earth alone.
*Don't ever try that again.
Hell, they never expected their android servants to begin resisting and destroying their own creators.
Tired of the sheer horror that masks me from those who would see me dead.
The boom of artillery can be heard, with a few patients jump with the sound.
But still, I try to maintain a sense of authority whenever I can.
I walk over and offer a hand, and hesitantly she takes it.
Humans seemed to enjoy pattern recognition, and to enhance galactic cohesion most systems were designed to be easily replicated and understood across species.
And certainly not locals.
How rare must this be?The humans who dedicate their lives to ending our kind's stain on this Earth with false platitudes and a bargain?
Both small, cramped and cold.
*  There's a room and a girl.
She doesn't need to be afraid.
No more running?A peaceful existence?Sounds too good to be true.
A stupid species that died a stupid death because it wasn't willing to step up and do what needed to be done.
""Shall we upload the schematics now?""Yes.
Force the bystanders to participate.
Darkness spreads from the corners of my eyes, obscuring my vision.
*  Elementary school security officer one, psychotic serial killer zero.
If they weren't able to kill themselves, they'd spread throughout their arm of the Milky Way in a few hundred years.
What would take a hundred years to discover, humans adapted in one.
He inspects the blade, watching the man's blood pool beneath it.
What weighs heavy is the knowledge of its uselessness and repetitiveness.
*  "There you are," he spits.
Wipe your hands across your mouth and let it trickle down your tongue.
"I take out a cigarette, lighting it and taking a deep drag.
Someone yells at me to stop.
Someone is pulling me away, though I'm still focused on this wound.
