Thus, to keep her perfect, he never did, and never would, approach her.
He went back to bed, the thin blanket couldn't keep away the cold.
If he returned, he would never leave.
Kurt held the portfolio in his hands, shaking from the cold and the hunger.
Now, unless Kurt apologized face-to-face to his old man, the two would never reconcile.
He had never felt this way before, as if an old flame was rekindled.
Being left with a unfulfilled feeling, he came home only to get a text from a friend.
Maybe he should call Travis for that job.
He only got one last chance to finish painting the girl, for the contest was to be held on Monday.
Charity meals seemed like a choice.
There was some money left, but not much.
He set up the easel and the canvas.
The contest was due in one week, and Kurt had yet to finish his painting, for he could never potrayed the girl in the way he perceived her.
He then retreated to a nearby bush, watched as the surprised girl unwrapped the anonymous painting of her, then left with a grin.
'Nice', what a vague word.
So he painted all night long, painted into the blank canvas the woman he had never once spoken to in her most perfection, in her finest beauty, draped over her a scenery of a dream, for she was his dream.16.Kurt never entered the contest.
But it sailed the ship of his hope, a hope to be an artist.
His mother called, again, telling him to return home.
Why did he want to get back home?He didn't.
Kurt looked at his phone: 2:38 AM.
If she showed up, he would finish the canvas.
A false hope.4.There was no more instant noodles in the cabinet.
Kurt lied on the floor, his thought wandered about on how to survive another day.
And decent recognition was what he needed.
Instead he chose to believe in some old friends who he didn't even keep contact, who told him that his doodles were nice.
Kurt searched around his pocket.
Kurt picked up his kit and went out.
It didn't matter anymore, he thought.
If she didn't, well, then she didn't.
In her eyebrows lied a mystifying aura of secrets, her sharp eyes boasted the curious look of a child.
She was a slender girl, black of hair and faint of lips.
It was a girl on a bench.8.The girl left before Kurt could finish his painting.
It's a small prize, but decent publicity.
He would fix the window tomorrow, he thought.
Picked up his kit, went out drawing portraits?People spend more money on street musicians than street painters.
The day before he left, he returned to that same bench.2:45 PM.
She sat down on the same bench.
He quickly ran away, a faint sorrow bubbling up inside.
He wanted Kurt to study something 'useful', like law or medicine.
Kurt grinned bitterly at the thought.
The money was supposed to be for him to come home.
Kurt sighed, walking the dim road back to his flat.
He must have looked like a homeless.7.It was time to go home, to leave all that mirage of a dream behind.
It was November then.14.The contest was in three days.
Kurt went over to the park, decided to paint the last of the false hope away.
He wanted to keep the painting for himself, so that she would only be his.
Noodles again.3.Kurt threw the phone on the mattress.
He had torn six canvases already, and was on the way to destroy the seventh.
But he couldn't bring himself to stand in line.
They didn't care about the facial details he meticulously put on, they only cared about bigger boobs and booty.
Never!After working for Travis, Kurt's style was severely affected.
As usual, Kurt made his way to the park.
He shouldn't have applied for an Arts Major, he contemplated.
Kurt called Travis that night.
Kurt tore open a ramen pack and chewed the noodles raw (not exactly, since ramen noodles were cooked before packed).He was so hungry he couldn't sleep.
He was gonna use up the old painting set, but now he got to finish the new set too.10.Kurt returned to the park.
She was not there.15.Kurt returned home, depressed.
But he knew if he did, it would forever pinned him to that moment only, and he could not proceed.
The crunchy ramen calmed his stomach somehow.
He wished to call out to her, to tell her to sit tight until he was done, but he had neither the courage or the strength.
The night light was beginning to replace the sun, Kurt sat down on the pavement.
But what should he draw?The trees?The animals?The scenery?The people?He picked the first scene he saw, tired of being plagued by the artist's indecision.
No, no, no!Travis always wanted him to illustrate for some fanservice comic.
Maybe he should come back home.
He kicked the trash can slightly, even the rage was no longer there.
She was something fragile yet eternal, delicate yet strong, something that you would spend your whole life chasing after knowing you would never get her.12.She once again left before Kurt could finish.
He needed them for emergency.
Some kind stranger must have given him that.
'How foolish', he sneered, counting the money for the trip home.
His city story was over.9.Kurt stared at the terrible mistake he had made.
Was it that the flame had died?His muse left him in the deciding moment?He had actually gone back on his works and drew for Travis?He didn't know.
November rain cut into the bone, chilling and harsh.
He knew, whatever ridiculous job Travis gave him, his painting of her wouldn't be affected, for he held in his hand not the brush but his own heart.13.The girl came to the park everyday but Sunday at approximately 3:00 PM.
It was snowing outside, and his clothes were only half of what they used to be.5.He was a nobody.
If he were to wake up at 5:25 AM, he would have 2 hours and 47 minutes of sleep.5:25?Was that too early?Kurt changed the alarm to 5:30.Then, he added another 5:35 just to be sure.
In a way, he wished for that, wished for the heat inside his soul to go on burning.
She was not incredibly beautiful, but held a charm that only got better over time, like wine or cheese.
Better left the dream there.
They would never let him leave.
But it was better to be safe than sorry.
The fire of inspiration would kill his own artistic self before cruel reality did, for the perfectionist in Kurt expected nothing but the girl on his canvas.
All he knew was that he woke up on the cold hard floor, looking at the moon brightening up the empty eighth canvas.
Kurt thought his portfolio was good enough.
And he certainly didn't want to experience that again.
There was still the college debt.6.Kurt found himself following the trail of the homeless to the Church.
He never needed to look at the girl, he had forever engraved her image in his mind, her image with all of her qualities and beauties.
He hadn't eaten in two days.
He could have studied law, or medicine.
His father no longer spoke to him.
It was so embarrassing, his interviewer even offered half of her lunch to him.
Perhaps it was his vanity, perhaps he thought he could never get back up if he fell so low, but Kurt just loitered around the site until one of the servers called out to him.
There was going to be an art competition in a few weeks.
As he sat alone in the dark that Saturday night, Kurt cried his heart out for what reason even he was not aware of.
Kurt place the canvas, wrapped in see-through plastic, on the bench.
He was still hungry now, but at least it didn't show on his face.
Kurt used to believe, with all his heart, against all that life threw at him, that he had some talent.
He watched a homeless man across the street gorging down on a grocery store sandwhich.
She'd got a point, he hadn't had a decent job in 3 months.
Kurt went over his stuff, he still hadn't used up his painting tools.
His hands danced around the canvas, layers upon layers of colour overlapped each other into a symphony.
