"Her mom's gaze went to the black box, her eyes were filled with pain and sadness and something else when she looked at it.
Listen Marlinda, tell him to look under the willow.
""Where do you think Aunt Alice went Mr.
The look on her mother's face softened.
What did you say?You want to go look for Aunt Alice?
This is very, very important.
"Alice smiled one last time.
So she decided to help Uncle Mark, looking around the meadows surrounding them, searching behind the bushes and the trees, hoping to find the smiling face of Aunt Alice somewhere in the park.
She'd been thinking about this 'dead' for a while now but it didn't make sense.
"You can have Agent Ding's cup.
Mark had gone home with them for a cup of tea which he craddled in his hands.
"Both looked at her with reddened eyes, tears formed anew.
Her parents, her grandmother, and all the other faces she had never seen before were crying.
*Maybe she is behind one of the stones?
"Mark said, his voice was still ragged.
* Marlinda thought, worried about them getting the sniffles.
Marlinda whispered, still confused about this 'dead'.
Mark face flushed white, smiling wanly.
"I'm going to miss you so much..." His voice faded as tears overwhelmed him.
We need to be alone for a moment.
His eyes were streaming with tears, red and flustered.
"Because...she did something...bad.
*Maybe it is because he can't find Aunt Alice?
She appeared translucent but was clearly Aunt Alice.
Shaking her head at her question.
Marlinda felt shocked to hear the anger in her mom's voice.
"Ding protested but the cup was snagged away before he could do anything about it.
Marlinda couldn't remember him doing anything but smile at her -- He never cried.
Yes sweety... We miss her very much.
"I've missed you too Marlinda.
Marlinda started 'pouring'.
And you can't tell her about me.
"I wish she could, sweety, I really wish that she could.
It was nothing for her to make people sad.
""But Mommy-"  "Now Marlinda!
A sweet voice filled with pain.
Alice is just... She is..." She stopped as if unsure what to say.
Her nose perked up slightly, just the same.
It landed without making a sound on the strange black box on the bottom.
"Go play with your dolls, sweety.
She tried to walk away and take a look behind the strange stones.
Normally Mom would laugh and smile at her, letting her go roam free.
"Mom put her arm on his knee."Yeah..."
"Marlinda poured him some more tea in his plastic cup.
That's what being dead means.
"Marlinda felt herself crying too, thick tears streaming down her cheek filling the empty cup on the table.
"She's in there" she whispered, nodding to the black box.
He looked like a completely different Uncle Mark.
Alice's appearance radiated love, but her eyes seemed sad.
"She started to fade, her body turning glassy with faded colors, but continued.
And she's never coming back.
""Is that why everyone is sad?
*Maybe they all need a blanket and some tea too keep warm?
She always had the most amazing laugh when Marlinda found her.
"But she's mad at me too.
You need to get him out of here.
Instinctively, she backed away, tears welling.
Was she mad?She didn't know what she had done wrong to upset Mom so much.
And with that she vanished.
"Marlinda asked, suddenly understanding why everyone looked so sick.
He tried hard to force a smile but failed spectacularly.
"It was a beautiful ceremony, I'm sure your sister would have loved it.""Anything.
"Aunt Alice!I've missed you so much!
"Marlinda stopped midway her pouring tea.
She had the same beautiful sun-golden locks which flowed freely embellishing her fine features.
"May you find the peace I couldn't give you.
There were so many of them, more than she could ever count.
Alice always managed to make her feel happy.
The screams from downstairs rung through the house.
Marlinda didn't understand why everyone around her looked so gleam, meeting her family normally filled her with joy, but not this time.
"Marlinda felt confused why Alice would suddenly decide to be dead and lay in the box.
Today he was special agent Ding, ready to help solve the case.
It radiated love and peace.
She wouldn't leave her because of a fight.
"Then why doesn't Aunt Alice just come out if it makes you and Uncle Mark so sad?
"Marlinda said, picking up the pot.
You need to get him away from your Mom.
"I think Mom and Aunt Alice loved each other very much.
Alice paused, looking at her niece intently as if seeing her now for the first time as a person."Yes...
""But why did she leave to dead?Why did she want to leave us?
The sound of rain dripping on the saggy ground was occasionally overtaken by a family member or a stranger Marlinda didn't recognize snorting their nose.
"Where did Aunt Alice go?
Mr. Ding, the formless plushen doll, had donned a black cape, serious clothing to mirror the seriousness of the situation.
I think it's making him sick.
Woo stared at her with glassy eyes, pondering on Marlinda's question.
""Is it because of Mom that you went to dead?
"Marlinda, go upstairs please.
Marlinda hugged the sun-like image of her aunt."Always.
Doing bad things doesn't necessarily make people bad.
**  "Thanks for the tea Hannah, you're amazing.
"Listen Marlinda, I'm not sure what's going on but I've got to tell you something.""Oh.
Contrary to Mr. Dings brazenness, the plastic doll always took his time with coming with an answer; but that made the answers better.
"Mommy, I wanna go look for Aunt Alice" Marlinda said, poking her mom in the side to catch her attention.
"Mom rasped, her voice wavered.
Mom put her arms around him.
"I want to help Uncle Mark find her.
"I don't think she wanted to.
"Marlinda perked up and looked right at the face she loved so much.
"Where are you going now?
But her mom's hand gripped her tight -- too tight -- she was hurting her.
