'It was his Grandma's hand written cookbook.
"See you Jack," Jack said, and then took out his list and crossed off another name.
At least a hundred people filling the thirty fourth floor of the Harriman Insurance building.
It was a small, one-story house.
"Got to get back to it, man.
My Grandmother, it's her *cookbook*.I don't understand.
Korbius was *not* having it.> SILENCE!The word was equal part mental yell as it was unrelenting command and it made Byron stop yelling in spite of himself.> Where is Korbius, Demonlord of the Octopodiae?Byron was hyperventilating in relative quiet and only managed each syllable he spoke between two or three quick breaths."You're...in...my...kitch...en..."
Korbius's nearly formless body blocked the only doorway out, and Byron, terrified, held his grandmother's handwritten cookbook in two hands out in front of him, as if it might act as a shield against the otherworldly creature.
Jack got back in his car and drove over to the last address.
Korbius speaks through your crude mind.
Where once there were ingredients, now there were words of power.
"Got it, keep up the good work buddy.
Still he flailed his eight tentacles through the air angrily, slapping them wetly against pots and pans, suction cups sticking to whatever they touched and dragging them about the room.
He arrived as the sun was coming up, his small pistol hidden away in the inside pocket of his jacket.
"Thank you all for coming," Paul began, raising a bullhorn to his lips and blaring his voice across the office.
He realized he was very tired - how many hours ago had he killed Jack Wallace on the highway and taken his knowledge?When had he last slept?But nevermind all that, it was only the hunt that mattered.
"He screamed and the room went wild again, bullets flying into the ceiling and dusting Larry with particle board as he lumbered angrily towards the elevator with a box of his belongings.
He turned the book around again and brought the cover very close to his face, staring at the letters written there.
He flashed back to his reading of the recipe.
There was only one Jack left in this zipcode.
"I...was...I was reading... this book.
Just beyond them huddled the Ultra-Left Socialist Hunter-Killers, the famed violent insurrectionist movement whose brave menbers hijacked the USS Palmyra and scuttled her in international waters, sacrificing their own lives for the proletariat cause.
He broke out the old tome, opened it on the kitchen table and, going down the list of ingredients with his finger, he'd read each one aloud, a habit he'd formed when reading to help compensate for his dyslexia.
"Death to the capitalists!
As he walked in through the back door, Jack's gaze fell on the drainage pipe leading from the back of his house.
Byron's heart began to settle down even as his mind raced at the sudden shift in tone.
"I'll be damned," he said, smiling to himself, "I'm a goddamned plumber.
So Jack walked right up to the house and climbed inside.
"Don't I know it, brother.
Finally, the largest lightning bolt yet slammed down from the heaven's and struck Jack.
A couple of the Hunter Killers even discharged their rifles into the ceiling several times in their excitement.
Paul turned back around, looking put upon."Yeah?
Nervously, he whispered an answer."Byron.
On the hand written cover it said in big, warm letters, 'Gran's Cookbook.
Removed from the blood waters of the Nether Sea, Korbius's gelatinous flesh sagged heavily towards the ground.
"Then he ran out into the back yard as quick as he could so that the lightning wouldn't start a fire in his house.
"Paul made a lazy show of turning around to check.
Nearest Paul, wearing all  red, the Extremist Communist Party of Pittsburgh members stood with several duffel bags filled with high explosive and second hand soviet-era sidearms.
As Paul continued laying out his plan to militarily take over the Harriman Insurance company, he saw his manager coming around the corner with Larry from accounting.
"Amazed, Byron flipped through the transformed pages and where once there was only blue inked recipes for pie and soups, now there was an illuminated manuscript of epic beauty, with pages of gorgeous illustrations, strange creatures and spells with astounding names and titles.
Suddenly a high pitched whine emanated from the demon's beak and he flung the book back towards Byron as if it were a live hand grenade.> The Demon Cantos!Impossible!Byron looked down at the book as it slid across the slick, tiled floor and spun to a stop at his feet.
Wetly, Jack managed the words, his bloody hand reaching up and holding on to Jack Warner's shoulder for dear life.
That's why I left you my...cook book.
There was a driver's license and on it a name.
Paul nodded pleasantly to the manager and was about to head back to heading his extremist communist take over of the company when the manager stopped him with a hand on the shoulder.
Eyes wide, back flat on the carpeted floor, Jack could feel his lungs filling up with blood.
******* #### For More Legends From The Multiverse  ## r/LFTM  ******** ## Part 2 Below ########## A lightning storm manifested from seemingly nowhere as Jack got out of his car and loomed over the crushed and broken man he'd just slammed into.
Where once there was a recipe for chicken soup, now there was a page entitled "To Enthrall An Octopodiae.
Each had a shaved head and a purple headband, and stood by nervously, assault rifles slung over their shoulders.
Eager, tired, Jack turned the doorknob and gave the door a push.
"Dumbfounded Larry loosed a chain of curses but, at the subtle insistence of oane of Paul's crazier looking attendees, he started packing.
Korbius would *never* speak ill of Cantor human, or of Kitchen.
"Korbius was now safely ensconced in the corner kitchen cabinet, only his giant eye peering out from the dark through the cracked open cabinet door.
"Then he gave Jack a disappointed look and shook his head at him.
"The manager paused for a moment and then nodded to himself.
Paul made his way back to his ersatz soap box and picked up the blow horn.
How could Korbius know he spoke to a Cantor?No, Korbius could *not* know.
Byron certainly felt that way and decided it was as good a time as any to start screaming.> Be silent, human!Cease your mating call!This is no time for copulation!Byron recoiled from the deep throated voice that suddenly came from inside his own head.
*****  #### For More Legends From The Multiverse  ## r/LFTM ########## Korbius, Demonlord of the Octopodiae, lay on the black and white linoleum tiles of Byron's kitchen, tentacles swinging wildly in the air.
She'd left it to Byron when she died, only a week earlier, along with a letter insisting that Byron learn her favorite recipes, passed down from generation to generation.
"Thought you could sneak up on me unawares, huh?Big mistake, and not the first time neither.
You could say being covered in the bodily juices of a Sixth Dimensional Demonlord was the straw that broke the camel's back.
"His breathing began to slow down.
Once in the home Jack pulled his pistol and wiped beading sweat off his forehead.
"Byron held the book up and a tentacle shot out and latched onto its cover, dragging it back toward Korbius through the mess of ooze on the floor.
"There...can...be ...only...one... "  Jack's hand went limp, the light left his eyes, and he passed right there on Jack Warner's carpet.
"Paul pursed his lips and leaned lazily against the wall.
"Another strong outcry of 'huzzahs' and 'hell yeahs' and 'da comarades' - as well as another round of rifle shots - and Paul continued, pointing at the projection with a laser pen.
"Holy shit," Jack said to the empty street and the dead man and himself, "I'm a plumber!
"> Human, it is I, Korbius, Demonlord of the Octopodiae.
He found Jack's wallet, opened it up, looked at the driver's license, and clicked his tongue against his front teeth."Yep.
> How has Korbius been summoned to Kitchen?Byron tried to channel his mindfulness meditation and failed utterly."I...don't...know!
Korbius is thrall to Cantor human.
Inside, Mary got up and pulled down the interior shade, but not before giving Paul the finger.
There were a bunch of the individual uni-bomber types, and several middle aged couples eager to prove to themselves that they could put their political action where their mouths had been for two decades.
With fear apparent even in his mentally transmitted voice, Korbius asked.> What is my master Cantor's name?Byron looked up from the astounding book, his face awash in the magical glow of it words, and swallowed a lump in his throat, his eyes wide with wonder and confusion.
For months there had been a leak in the toilet on the second floor of Jack's mother in law's house, and now, sitting there on the highway, Jack knew that the problem was a simple gasket that had worn down and that he could fix it for under a dollar.
"Paul sucked his upper teeth and hummed lightly, "hmmm," then he shrugged to the manager.
He made it just in time, as a lightning storm coalesced above him.
Power surged through him, as the lights of his car exploded, his phone flew from his hand and blew up, and the nearby electrical wires began to rain down sparks before snapping in two and swinging down to the forest below.
So Byron had decided to give it a try.
He walked through the thin house, opening each door until at last, he came to a final room.
"My point exactly, as the Hunter Killers take Mr. Harriman, the Pittsburgh Party will be taking control of building security here," Paul pointed to the 14th floor on the map of the building.
'Rather, in effervescent gold ink, shining impossibly bright, even through the thin layer of Korbius's muck, bold, proud letters proclaimed a new title.
"Then he stepped down from his desk and walked over to meet the manager half way down the hall, pushing his way through the militant communists.
It had to be the bedroom.
"He asked matter of factly.
Slowly, he got up to his feet and started back inside to take care of the body.
Byron bent down and picked up the book, showing the strange octopus it's simple handwritten cover.
!What's up is that this is the second time this week your extremist buddies have shot holes in the ceiling!
Jack Warner saw Jack was trying to say something, and so he bent down low and placed his ear to Jack's mouth.
The gelatinous mass of demon octopus shifted on the linoleum, a process that created a series of ridiculous fart-like noises.
Hadn't he felt a strange thrill down his spine with each ingredient read?Hadn't his hands shook, almost imperceptibly, as they traced their way down the list?Suddenly, Byron's grandmother came to mind, old Nan, sitting in her lazy boy, smiling cheek to wrinkled cheek, and Byron could not tell whether the image was a memory or a message.
""DEATH TO THE CAPITALISTS!
As he circled the home, casing it, Jack noted that the drainage pipe in the backyard was three meters short of regulation.
In the aftermath, he took a deep breath of the hot summer air and reveled in his new found knowledge.
Jack stalked through the hallway of Jack Warner's small home, opening doors slowly, pistol up and ready.
"Without any regard for Jack's desperate writhing and gurgling, Jack Warner bent down and began rummaging through Jack's pockets.
He struggled to get up, but could not get his feet under him.
Byron watched the absurd scene slack jawed as Korbius spun his central mass around and opened his single gargantuan eyeball.
