It took me a long time to move.
It didnt even sound like my voice.
Rallied, he finished his cigarette and the two guys left together shortly after.
I handed Opie Daniels back his ID, told him thank you and thought about rolling one of my remaining cigarettes.
He took another step closer to me.
Im not sure where it came from.
The door leading into Metronome was closed because theres a jukebox in the corner that people can buy credits on their phone for, and three girls had control over it and no fucking way.
The beer felt cold and metallic and heavy on my tongue, in my throat, but about halfway through, my brain started to settle.
I looked in his eyes and glanced to the number above his head.3845.It took me a long moment to realize what Id seen.
There are the bros who are all chest and white teeth, who try to walk right past me and get pissed when I stop them.
Opie Daniels lit one of his cigarettes and pulled in a deep drag, deep down into his lungs.
He was missing two teeth on his upper right side.
Its all little 17s and 20s and 18s that glimmer for a moment over disappointed faces.
Never have I felt so cold.
I had only two rolling papers left.
And then Opie Daniels turned, took another drag from his cigarette, hiked up his pants and walked away.
I felt like I didnt know how to speak anymore.
Something that belied the smile on his face.
Or do you think Im old enough?
Blurrily, I saw him close his eyes and took a long, purposive inhale of my face, in through his nose, his nostrils quivering.
They say fuck this place, bro to their bro buddies when I tell them that I know their ID is fake.
Theres all kinds of kids that try to come into the bar.
I dont know when I got home.
You probably have to call the cops on me, heh.
They look like they want to cry when I tell them that I know their ID is fake.
Every now and then there are machismo shitheads who start going off about disrespect.
Maybe its hereditary and my dad can do it too, maybe my brother can.
I was shit at telling fake IDs from real IDs.
He released my lip, studied my face for a moment, gave me a wink and said, dont work too hard.
Something carnal and sharp and tinged with metal and iron.
I felt a tight clenching in my stomach and for whatever reason, a cool feeling of dread steeping deeply in the pit of my lungs.38.I had seen the number 38.It was all good.
He took a slow, intentional drink and his dark, deep-set eyes swung round to meet mine.3845.He met my gaze steadily, evenly, neutrally.
He let out tendrils of smokes, slowly, deliberately.
It became easier - or perhaps necessary - to focus on anything else.
Just a little soap bubble number that would dissipate just as quickly as it had come.
Michelle (34) left a little while later, giving me a sloppy hug.
He took another drag on his cigarette, gaze locked on mine.
It crossed my mind faintly that I was broken.
They never brought it up.
My hands blindly groped for a beer bottle, as I looked over the bar and as I cranked off the metal top, I found Opie Daniels, sitting alone hunched over a can of PBR, sort of watching the wrestling that was on TV, sort of playing on his phone.
Opie Daniels, 36, brown eyes, 150 pounds.
Like he was letting himself finally settle into a slow, still moment.
If that was true, I was fucked.
There was a sudden ringing stillness in my body as Opie Daniels stopped, his back towards me.
I didnt know who these fools were supposed to be, but I told her I would.
So I never brought it up.
She told me to watch out for these fools.
I pushed open Metronomes door, crossing the floor, letting myself behind the bar.
He couldnt get his ID out for a moment, and said sorry man, before handing it to me.
They call me a faggot and then try again in a couple of weeks.
Four more people came to Metronome before midnight.
It was higher, more quavering, almost a whisper.
I went to the grocery store and bought rice.
I dont know how I got home.
And when he touched me, the air exploded, my blood screamed, everything broke.
Maybe a couple years older than me.
When he turned around, he was smiling wide, a giant, mischievous, open-mouthed grin.
I took my beer and I went back outside.
That I was losing the one ability that had so pervasively helped me as a bouncer.
Ive worked here for years.
A throaty, rasping laugh.
His eyes were dark, sunken and I couldnt look away.
I dont know what time I left the bar.
Theres a college about 20 minutes down the road from here.
On the weekdays, its mostly the same sad family of late 50 somethings who are all definitely depressed and all definitely alcoholics and the crowd of late 20 somethings who are all definitely not depressed and all definitely not alcoholics.
Close enough to smell the stale sweetness of old cigarette smoke.
I started at Metronome when I was 28.I dont know, it just made sense.
Thursdays are 2 dollar shot nights.
I clenched and unclenched my hands manically at my sides.
Opie Daniels left at 1:45 a. m.  Metronome was going to close in fifteen minutes.
Peoples ages popped above their heads just like normal (27, 30, 65, 42), and I checked IDs just like normal.
There was an eerie glint in his eyes, something that spoke of something deep down and dark.
When he exhaled, I swear he made a noise of pleasure, a low, scraping noise that sounded like, mmm.
And then for a moment I couldnt breathe.
I said I didnt really get a good look, but that shouldnt matter too much if he liked him.
Then he pocketed his cigarettes and started away.
*first story on wp, eeeeee i'm noivous thank you for the awesome prompt and for letting me share!
The next day, Wednesday, I watched sitcom reruns.
Ever since I was a kid, whenever I looked at someone, really looked into their eyes, I could see their age pop up above their head.
Outside the door, he pulled out a pack of American Spirits, yellow.
My teeth were chattering.
I get free drinks, I get 6% of the tips, my boss spots me money when Im short.
The girls that are already hammered and try to show me their tits when I tell them that I know their ID is fake.
He reached up with the hand not holding his cigarette and grabbed my lower lip hard, pulling it out away from my face, digging his nails into the flesh of my lips.
I went to work and clocked in at Metronome and moved through all the motions of my day.
I will never, ever talk about what I saw when Opie Daniels grabbed my lip.
The nervous ones who I really dont even need to know their age to know theyre lying  all shifty and fidgety and avoiding eye contact.
But it makes me a fucking great bouncer.
Bouncing is not a bad job most nights.
Around midnight, a skinny, scruffy guy with messy brown hair and a threadbare sweater approached, digging around in his pocket for his wallet.
And for the most part, in this small town, everyones pretty good to me.
Opie Daniels took a step back towards me, still smiling.
Something earthy and red.
He smacked them hard against the palm of his hand.
I scrubbed my face until my mouth bled.
There was no defiance in his eyes.
One of the guys (26) came out to smoke for a couple of minutes and asked if I thought his date was out of his league physically.
But was it?My head was buzzing and I couldnt seem to roll my tobacco up and shaking my head couldnt seem to clear the weird, growing pressure in my ears.
The kids who crack up and dont even try to make excuses when I tell them that I know their ID is fake.
Most of the night, Im sitting outside in the cool night air, smoking rollies under the neon lights and just shooting the shit with folks.
