"He takes a quick look around the restaurant, moves his hand near his coffee cup on a saucer, then slides it towards me.
These are pretty close and they're half the price.
i swim through air, sea of nothing fog.
If I ever turn this into a book, I will be sure to let each and every one of you know.
Look, it's nothing crazy, okay?Self-medication kind of becomes necessary when you're in my position.
the dark figure beside, he sits.
No way to know what works, what is real, what is acknowledged.
Far from frustration, the contrast makes the high even better.
One of the few things from my parents' house I wanted to keep.
I pull out five twenties, shove them in my front pocket, and throw the envelope in the safe in my closet.
It's a finesse game, you know.
I go to sit down, and stop in half-crouch.
You get to be cooped up after a while.
"So this is what the space inside my mind is worth.
My mind has always played jokes on me, but this is too much.
But this defies explanation.
"*But you see me, don't you?
His white t-shirt is loose and semi-wrinkled like he slept in it.
There's a cold bowl of soup next to my bed and slippers on the floor, ready to slip my feet into.
She knows I'm almost always full of shit, so she almost always regards me with the same chronic skepticism usually reserved for known liars and problem children.
Flicking the light switch.
A flash here, and return to madness.
But I don't need to do it myself, you know?Living vicariously through people whose lives we don't want.
Revelations, revelations!They come.
But experiencing it?That's easy.
from the night of the world.
a disk of flesh color spinning in place.
It's hard to understand if you aren't crazy yourself, but an explanation that makes sense is better than no explanation - even if it means someone broke into your house, apparently with no other purpose than to leave you a thousand dollars.
Dust motes dance in rays of sunlight that land across my oak flat top desk.
A card draw in crayon propped up behind the soup.
The thing which I grasp, yet not fully, yet oh the sky.
The time comes, and I feel it, and I know it, but to remember, ah.
I pick it up, pour in some creamer, then push it back to him.
At times my life has become a blur of my mental projections and my reality, people coming and going, people I half-know and some, who after spending nights and days with, seem like the most real thing I know, turn out in the morning to only have been a fever dream, barely remembered.
the hum of time and ratcheting gears of things i must remember.
I can see past the atmosphere.
The world becomes clear in phases.
"I never correct his haphazard speech.
"She whirls around, her long, straight black hair making a disc around her head for a moment before she runs down the hall.
"Private jokes are a little more fun when the voices in your head chuckle with you, but not by much.
i held ceremony, sang sweet elegy to his name.
An envelope is on the corner of my desk.
I cut through the park on the way back to my place, crunching the pills and thinking about the man in my apartment.
i enter void and days go, hours go.
Inside: "Sorry about Martin.
A picture of a goldfish with letter x's for eyes.
*  He speaks from underwater - a merman.
Through the peephole I see the fisheye distortion of the neighbor kid Lucy.
*Just need to get a breath of fresh air, now and then.
then i am in my bed, and time commences to discommence.
I could get into trouble with a thousand bucks.
"And you're finally learning just the right amount of cream.
See this?The uncertainty?How can someone ever drive a stake in the ground, pull a string taught from it, and draw a circle, and say that within this is what I know?In a manner of speaking, of course.
Sometimes I imagine there's a railway network between the brains of the world, and I've got a stop near a hobo camp where the crazies like to hop off.
*  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  ---  &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;  Hey there!Thanks for reading.
There's a thousand dollars in twenties.
*You're swimming in a narcotic sea, aren't you, pal?
Someone is banging on the door.
pain gnaws in the middle of me and i am missing something.
My name is scrawled in childish letters on the front.
One of those things you think is priceless, but nothing is.
He's always happy to grab coffee any time of the day or night.
What, you tired of seeing me or somethin'?
What can be known for sure.
The real explanation is there, somewhere.
Now I see the man, dark suit and bowler hat.
A thousand isn't too bad though.
He smiles and puts his hand in his pocket.
the cosmos swirl and i am of it.
The kind of guy who looks like he'd smack is wife if his dinner wasn't hot at 5 o'clock sharp.
"So you sure you only want that amount?I can provide a longer supply..."  "I'm good with what I asked for.
I've long been in the habit of finding reasonable explanations for the way the world coincides with my inner life.
No time for a rest, a spell.
It's too hard to actually do it.
Adjectives and nouns come one by one.
But this is a good start.
*  "My mind reaches... and takes.
Who now is this dark figure, this devil beside me?I sit.
Only afterwords do you decide if it was a trip worth taking.
But sometimes it's nice to see the world in two ways.
I'd love for you to subscribe toif you liked this, and would like to read more of my stories.&nbsp;  edit: I am blown away by the response to this!Thank you all for reading and providing words of encouragement.
Which has no other explanation other than a thought you had earlier.
I knew I wasn't crazy this time.
Old-timey, square jaw and flint eyes.
"I raise my eyebrows in a kind of "yeah, uh-huh" gesture.
sometimes shafts of light, sometimes shafts of night.
A shower has never felt so glorious.
My guy has messy brown hair and snake green eyes.
The man - the sea creature.
I let my guy know I need to meet him.
The grass in the park turns blurry, green blur, and things smooth out.
When I am fully alive again, I go to my desk to write, hopefully, while I still have the clarity for it.
*I quite enjoy the room, you know.
It's like going to the movies and seeing the character descend into madness.
"So you come into some money, or what?What's with the house call?
I rifle through the envelope.
We slip into a booth at Jack's Old Fashion'd Diner.
Insurance doesn't cover the anti-psychotics my doctor wants me on.
money in a narrow paper box, a gift, a strange thing in a strange place.
Where the line is drawn, I never know.
