I can hardly believe it's the same species.
Such is a Mother's love I suppose.
I set more traps for them to see and veer away from.
She pulls out a pendant from under her shirt and kisses it.
They should have been easy prey again.
An itch at the back of the mind, reminding them of their loss.
She looks right at it and I hear her words.
I have to use a more... direct approach now.
Sudden and swift catastrophe to erase their taint.
They show a bond their ancestors never had and for the first time I feel hope for a dream once lost.
An insult here, a nudge there.
I sigh in relief when she stands and begins forward again.
The fiends huddle in caves to share what nourishment they have, denying me my revenge.
I knew the cycle would continue.
I reap him, gaining little satisfaction from an old man dying peacefully in his sleep.
This race learned nothing now.
A child is born to the first woman that saw me.
A teacher for these primitive beings.
Before it was because I thought myself noble.
I wanted them to suffer as I suffered.
A natural gas leak when they think they've found a stove that works.
I would again know the joy of claiming them.
When the last of their ilk falls I can finally know peace.
They help each other, show respect to one another and a love that binds them together.
"My hate focuses on this sanctimonious amoeba.
I thought their potential took form when I saw them spread to the stars.
They have finally fulfilled their destiny to become what I first saw in their fledgling race.
They continue to survive my assaults to my dismay.
This is the final insult.
Guiding themselves to glory, with only their own mortality pushing them onward.
There were so many weak links to pressure into feeding my lust.
Now when I hate them they love me.
I accept it's heavy burden and vow to never abandon them again.
The rock slide tumbles through their ranks and misses every one.
It's beauty startles me, awakening something I thought lost.
They would bounce back like they always do.
This would be a good thing for them.
Show them how to become more.
Chemical weapons that burned at the water they carried within them, making them scream in agony.
For some the itch is so unbearable they scratch at it until it festers and they cleanse it from their brain with a bullet.
A shadow in the back of their minds to push them ever forward.
When these frail things began to play with power they didn't understand, I knew I was in for a treat.
Please continue to show me how my story can end.
They get harder to catch off guard.
Then, instead of looking outward at the marvels around them, they looked inward.
Showing them the sins of the forebearers and allowing them to learn and grow from it.
I set small traps for them.
Quietly, one slips away in the night.
The cycle would begin again as it always did.
They were not my creation, but they were my charge.
Returning to the void, where I can't feel the sting of their betrayal.
The guilt of a millennia tormenting these creatures assails me all at once.
I could continue my work until I was no longer needed.
She's headed right for it and I shake with anticipation at my first catch in what feels like ages.
I bathed them in the warmth of their own nuclear flame.
I used to think I was the one to shepard them into a golden age.
How cruel my existence has become to rob me of my own peace.
Instead, they fed on their own hate and ignored my lessons.
They reclaim the parts of the past that made them great and discard the rest.
I whispered in their ears that they would be hailed as the saviors of their race.
Their numbers continue to swell, as does my love.
I make my traps less elaborate and easier to spot.
I've always been proud of my grim duty.
As the boulders speed to their path, they stop walking.
The fools think their own adaptations to my machinations some gift from their imaginary heavens.
I lay loose trash over a pit as one walks alone.
The planets shed their own blood across their faces just to be rid of the plague called man.
They've been bleeding her with wild abandon, but she perseveres to give them all she has.
I am the cold hand in the night.
I began to enjoy my time with new entertainment.
Three burned that day, but I watched in horror as their compatriots rushed in with the bane of my existence.
Not enough to go around in the end.
The boulders come crashing down towards the party of meatbags, but they don't move.
I try to bring them famine hoping I could just force them to eat each other.
I intentionally allow them to dodge my scythe so they keep their humility.
They honor their dead by thanking them for the mistakes they made, so they can be passed down to the next generation.
They turned on each other.
The rest begin to adapt by clumping together where they can to find a salve in each other.
Be rid of my pain by inflicting it on them.
I nudge the mountains to shake loose a rain of crushing death.
When their numbers dwindle to a dozen in a single tribe, I see the end of my hate.
Only now that they can see my hand all around them do they change their ways.
I watched in delight as they snuffed each other out in droves.
She was always too kind to them.
I will claim this mantle.
The selfish brats keep me locked in my rage.
I catch a glimpse of her pendant.
Those that grow vain, ignore the signs and become the mistakes the rest are now grateful for.
When the last ape coughs out it's death rattle, I may know the peace denied to me.
I won't let them continue after what they've done.
Their primordial Mother and the only one that wouldn't turn them away in their final hour.
The apes fled to the last rock that tolerated them on it's surface.
I have grown to hate them for this.
They have even stripped me of name.
There were too many anyway.
I realise in disgust that she was talking to me.
As if the apes could comprehend it.
I set more traps but they notice my patterns now.
Now there are so few I can't find any to pit them against.
They celebrate by embracing each other, cheering that Life had saved them once again.
