"Please!You've got to take me back!My wife and children are waiting for me!
It happened quite suddenly.
There was no mistaking that golden hair.
"You know, after seeing the face of many souls going to the afterlife, I've got to admit, yours is one that appears the most peaceful.
Guess I wouldn't get to know how he looked like.
I was just going back home after work and suddenly this man tries to rob me.
It didn't take long to arrive to that place, with its big iron gates.
""I just help the souls I find.
But, after a while, I started to feel lighter.
Furthermore, my body looks transparent.
"I was starting to get annoyed,"What do you know?
Besides, don't you want to go to the afterlife?
""Well, this is my decision.
"I hesitantly start moving away from the place of my death.
""I was in your shoes once.
If that happens, you can kiss your afterlife goodbye.
So, if you're still out there, I just want to tell you that I loved you, so, so much!
""Believe it or not, it is one of the places where I find less souls so it usually isn't worth coming here that much.
", I comment nothing and stare at the ground while he talked,"Our tribe was growing hungry and we needed a lot of food.
I can't really say how long it lasted.
""But you're Death!Isn't there anything you can do?!
""Despite what you may believe, I hold no power over the dead.
"Feels weird...Watching your own funeral...", damn, it's getting harder to focus, my eyes are starting to get blurry.
I guess I can finally understand when they say that the good ones are the ones that go too soon.
I fell for his sorry attempts at trying to invite me out, as much as I'm embarrassed to admit.
My thoughts feel clearer, at the very least."Thanks.
"I wouldn't stare at it, if I were you.
As I slowly turn around, I notice my actual body on the floor.
""I might", I take a long breath before continuing,"need you to be my eyes now.
Everything was too much of a mess right now...  "But, there has to be a way to go back right?Please, tell me there is!
""About a week or so.".....................................................................
Death turned at me and sighed.
Afterlife sounded nice, for sure, but I felt like there was still so much left undone.
I am just like you, just a wandering soul.
And you  know what he always asked?A glass of water.
I can just guide you out of here right now if you want to.
We start seeing a lot of cars parked along the street.
I draw my attention to the direction of the voice and see a human figure that had his face and his whole body covered in in a grey robe.
""Honestly, I'm surprised you can even speak my language.
At first, he always appeared with his friends at first, because he was scared of talking to me alone.
"The only thing that followed his question was silence.
"Being obsessed over your old life won't do you any good now.
""When you meet so many people while you travel the world, you start catching on a few things.
"The more a soul has contact with parts of his previous life the more rapidly it disintegrates.
My mind is already made up.
How could I be dead?There was still so much I wanted to do!Watch my children grow up, finish my book, going on a world trip with my wife when we were both retired...I try to take another peek at my now dead body.
"I could hear Death give a small chuckle,"Nobody should be left alone at their time to go.
Nothing more needed to be said.
"Are you sure about this?
I was bleeding out in the middle of the street.
!It's not like I can just accept this this easily!
"He stepped out of the podium.
I have nothing but respect for him.
We walked around somewhere the end of the street, the body could barely be seen from here.
I stare at my chest in search of the knife.
He had noticed I had nothing of value to offer him.
", a slow and deep voice called me out.
", I could start hearing her sob when she finished her speech.
", and my torso started disappearing.
We had two great kids which I wouldn't trade for anything in the world.
""...How old are you exactly?
""I'm sorry, but when someone dies, there is nothing to be done anymore.
Next thing I noticed, was this knife in my chest as he stole my shoes an made a run for it.
"I try to focus my vision to get as clear as a picture as I could.
Lucky for them, there were two vacant seats at the furthest corner of the funeral.
""Oh, Jesus Christ!Hang on there!Look!Your wife is next!
Death was also wearing a fedora that was tilted in a way to cover his face.
"It was his turn to remain silent.
"We were both in tuxedos that Death got us god knows how and were walking towards our destination.
I collapse to my knees and I try to touch it.
"Don't you have other souls to guide?I can't be the only one who died.
"There's nothing more you can do.
But, in the end, he was still a good man who always put his family first.
"I look up in thought while staring at the now blue sky.
""We can still turn back.
""Don't really know how to count.
", I tried to be as polite as possible, but this supposed "Death" was getting on my nerves.
I wasn't carrying any money with me and wasn't wearing anything of value he could take.
I can't be everywhere at the same time.
Maybe this could be just an out-of-body experience that people go through when they're on the verge of death...right?
So, we tried to take a bigger prey than usual.
Against all of my wishes, I start crying uncontrollably.
", everybody laughed briefly,"But, after a while, he started to come in alone.
But by my estimation... a lot.
"I've known him since high school.
No effort was spent while standing up.
It gets worse the longer you have contact with it"  "What do you mean?
"I briefly laugh at his statement, before the last traces of my soul got swiped away.
", he stands up, patting his robe.
""Feels weird hearing Death say that, considering it's a cemetery.
"His words carried a heavy weight.
"I start feeling dizzy so I just sit down.
"Haven't been to one in a long time.
", I answer while grinning a little bit by instinct.
There's nothing more to do but to move on.
I couldn't just go to the afterlife right away.
I couldn't feel any of my limbs anymore, but, even so, I used all of the strength I had left to say,"I love you too.
And believe me, chaining yourself to your previous life like this, will only make you disappear.
He was quite the troublemaker and I had to bail him out on several occasions.
"I worked part-time at a restaurant when we met.
