Hold your tongue; why should you poke yourself into this scrape; what have you to do with it, I should be glad to know?"
called her impatient companions; "don't you hear us?
There are niches in the walls in several places, from which pictures have been dug, and these niches are often adorned with elegant masques, figures and animals, which have been left by the ignorant or careless workmen, and which are going fast to destruction.
You know I went out to the carpenter's yard, near the arsenal, where all the children are picking up chips and sticks so busily; and I was as busy as any of them, because I wanted to fill my basket soon; and then I thought I should sell my basketful directly in the little wood-market.
Six ladies and six gentlemen were now appointed to be judges of the performance.
LANDLADY--MR. FINSBURY, a man-milliner, with bandboxes--a fancy cap, or helmet, with feathers, in the Landlady's hand--a satin bag, covered with gold netting, in the man-milliner's hand--a mantle hanging over his arm.
As it followed the boys through the village, the children collected as they passed, and the butcher's own son was amongst the number.
"But you know, Cecilia--" "I KNOW," ironically.
"The day you called her up about the almond pudding, ma'am.
(Old Man is still held back by the young lady.)
Her mistress recommended him to her protection, saying, "Pomfret, I hope you will keep this boy under your own eye."
"This next chap is quick enough; but, then, he is so fond of having everything his own way.
In his youth he had always carried the dame to the market behind her husband; and it was now her little son Jem's turn to ride him.
Remember my majority this morning, and your theatre last night."
You shall have the credit of all.
There is a certain manner of accepting a favour, which shows true generosity of mind.
"What signifies SUCH a party, indeed?
exclaimed Mrs. Tattle, clapping her hands.
Who sang so sweetly as Leonora?
Did not you win the premium?
and this is the way I'm to be treated!
The Jew, more practised in dissimulation than Piedro, endeavoured to turn the man's attention back to his rockets and his gunpowder--agreed to take the gunpowder--paid for it in haste, and was, though apparently unconcerned, eager to get rid of him.
He swore that he knew nothing about the matter.
"Their Majesties and the Princesses then returned home, the King occasionally stopping to converse with the Dean of Windsor, the Earl of Harrington, and other noblemen.
"You shall have what share of the profits you please."
To comprehend why Edmund is joyful, our readers must be informed of certain things which happened after Isabella and Caroline went to Dublin.
"Well, there is the cake for you.
(Exit Rory, followed by the Boys, who exclaim "Talbot for ever!--huzza!"
"Off with you, then; we've enough, and thank you."
This guinea is all that I have left."
"A very pleasant woman," Mrs. Tattle was usually called; and, conscious of her accomplishments, she was eager to introduce herself to the acquaintance of her new neighbours; having, with her ordinary expedition, collected from their servants, by means of her own, all that could be known, or rather, all that could be told about them.
"There's good news for my friends!"
"But we are not to set out yet," said the servant; "it is but four miles to Torre del Greco; the sbirri (officers of justice) are summoned--they are to go with us--we must wait for them."
"Brother," said Marianne, "now sing an Italian song for us like Miss Croker.
She has even sold my keepsake; and she would rather win a bracelet of hair from girls whom she did not always think so much superior to Leonora, than have my esteem, my confidence, and my friendship for her whole life--yes, for her whole life, for I am sure she will be an amiable woman.
With what an air Mrs. Landlady made her exit!
"It can't be helped--how do you know that?"
added he, jingling the halfpence in his waistcoat pocket.
cried the drunken man, pushing up the boy's hat.
I believe he was afraid I should steal it; he twitched it from my hand in such a hurry.
"Not ONLY--_I_ do not like playthings ONLY because they are new; but Bell DOES, I believe--for that puts me in mind--Do you know, mother, she had a great drawer full of OLD playthings that she never used, and she said that they were good for nothing, because they were OLD; but I thought many of them were good for a great deal more than the new ones.
Sophy, whose powers of reasoning were not to be confounded, even by quotations from the Latin grammar, looked up soberly from her drawing, and answered "that very likely those words might be signs of the same thing in the Latin grammar, but she believed that they meant perfectly different things in real life."
The attorney himself was present when the harper began to dictate his ballad.
*  "So this is the meaning of his burnt almonds gratis," cried others; all joined in an uproar of indignation, except one, who, as he stood behind the rest, expressed in his countenance silent surprise and sorrow.
Talbot!--I wish I was a hundred miles off.
repeated Loveit, with terror; "no, surely, you won't all HATE me!"
He exerted himself with so much good sense, that the fire was presently extinguished.
Mrs. Villars told me that this day should be mine.
The market was well supplied, and he could not get rid of his cargo.
"Tom, the servant boy, Tom got it for me; and I'm to give him sixpence."
cried Hal, "but you shall hear.
"Now that you are able to go out," said Francisco's father to him, "you must come and look at my new house, my dear son."
a discovery that concerns all who have ever bought the sweetest, and most admirable sugar-plums ever sold in Naples."
As soon as the daylight appeared, Archer rose softly, that he might RECONNOITRE, and devise some method of guarding against this new danger.
He could scarcely believe his eyes, when he saw the rockets and the gunpowder all safe.
"But now that I do look at you and hear your voice, I recollect having had the pleasure of seeing you before."
"But you've kept us all waiting a confounded time," said his impatient friend.
"Nay, Louisa, surely you don't think Cecilia jealous?
It is better to claim less than more than what is promised.
"Here he comes--Oh, Ben, he is dressed in the new coat you gave him," whispered Hal, who was really a good-natured boy, though extravagant.
exclaimed Ben, when he read the following words, which were written in large characters over the chimney-piece, in his uncle's spacious kitchen-- "WASTE NOT, WANT NOT."
"Talbot the dog" is much obliged to you.
Then he turned pale, and betrayed the strongest signs of fear.
A dunce always thinks it clever to cheat even by SOBER LIES.
And Mr. William Power, with a gloomy brow, appeared and walked up to his place at the head of the room.
The sun shone bright, but there was a sharp and high wind.
"Coming, ma'am," answered the waiter; and with a large dish of tarts and puffs, the waiter came from the bar; the landlady threw open the door of the best parlour, to let him in; and the basket-woman had now a full view of a large cheerful company, and amongst them several children, sitting round a supper-table.
Oakly showed him Maurice's letter; and to Arthur's extreme astonishment, the attorney had no sooner read it, than he exclaimed, "What an artful little gentleman this is!
It is a good thing to have two strings to one's bow."
They went first to the cathedral.
Piedro, when he was alone, tried to collect his thoughts--all his thoughts were full of horror.
A man who was half drunk pushed his way forwards, swearing that nobody should stop him; that he had a right to see--and he WOULD see.
Miss Somers, however, mindful of what was due to her guest, was anxious to dispatch Philip for his piece of sycamore.
Jem waited; and, as he was very attentively observing how the workmen went on with their work, he heard somebody near him give a great yawn, and, turning round, he saw stretched upon the grass, beside the river, a boy about his own age, who, in the village of Ashton, as he knew, went by the name of Lazy Lawrence--a name which he most justly deserved, for he never did anything from morning to night.
said she, again appealing to her companions.
said Mr. Trueman, taking one out of the basket.
*Salt, the cant name given by the Eton lads to the money collected at Montem.
But this is a lesson that I shall never forget as long as I live.
There's no sugar in this, child.
Farmer Kent lent his dog Barker, cautioning his neighbour, at the same time, to be sure to chain him well, for he was the fiercest mastiff in England.
A few days after the eruption, the surface of the lava became so cool that people could walk upon it, though several feet beneath the surface it was still exceedingly hot.
"I've done bleeding," said Frederick.
This is scandalous behaviour, and what, I assure you, I can't countenance."
I've been a great while about them; but are not they not very neatly mended, papa?
"You may laugh; but I say it is the same sort of thing.
Pray, ma'am, let us ask no questions; it's only a boyish frolic.
First, I'd buy pocketfuls of gingerbread; then I'd buy ever so many apples and nuts.
She understood so readily, she obeyed so exactly; and when she was left to her own discretion, judged so prudently, that her mother had little trouble and no anxiety in directing her.
"Oh, she never will take any trouble about anything," said one of the party; "let's go away."
exclaimed Loveit aloud, with an emotion which he could not command.
This was sufficient information.
Oh, the interest will go along with the principal, of course; for I'm persuaded, if my lord leaves his friends to their inclinations, it will be the inclination of my lord's friends to vote as he does, if he says nothing to them to the contrary.
Through a gap in the hedge the old woman at length made her appearance, muffled up, and looking cautiously about her.
"Then, what will you do with all your money?"
"Yes," said Mrs. Villars, "and let Cecilia carry the bracelet to her; she deserves that reward.
"What is it you've got to say to me?
"Oh, ma'am," said Frederick, "I cannot promise you any such thing, indeed.
Good judges of men and fish knew that he said what was false, and passed him by with neglect; but it was at last what he called GOOD LUCK to meet with the very same young raw servant-boy who would have bought the bruised melon from Francisco.
Come, do open this new playhouse of yours to-night."
But he knew that crying would do no good; so he presently wiped his eyes, and lay awake, considering what he could possibly do to save the horse.
