"Just as it should be," said Mr. John Knightley, "and just as I hoped it was from your letters.
I thought I should have fainted.
Nothing can be more simple, you see.
said Marianne to herself as she walked on.
Captain Wentworth made a very early return to Mr Musgrove's civility, and she was all but calling there in the same half hour.
Emma encouraged her talkativeness--amused by such a picture of another set of beings, and enjoying the youthful simplicity which could speak with so much exultation of Mrs. Martin's having "_two_ parlours, two very good parlours, indeed; one of them quite as large as Mrs. Goddard's drawing-room; and of her having an upper maid who had lived five-and-twenty years with her; and of their having eight cows, two of them Alderneys, and one a little Welch cow, a very pretty little Welch cow indeed; and of Mrs. Martin's saying as she was so fond of it, it should be called _her_ cow; and of their having a very handsome summer-house in their garden, where some day next year they were all to drink tea:--a very handsome summer-house, large enough to hold a dozen people."
Nothing, but to grow more worthy of him, whose intentions and judgment had been ever so superior to her own.
So sudden!--You may guess, dear Miss Woodhouse, what a flurry it has thrown me in!
I am sure Mr. Elton will lose no time in calling on him; and we shall both have great pleasure in seeing him at the Vicarage."
"I believe about two thousand a year."
"They talked a great deal about him, especially Anne Cox.
And, after all, what is it you suspect him of?"
Anne had done; glad that it was over, and not absolutely hopeless of doing good.
It was not very flattering to Miss Campbell; but she really did not seem to feel it."
I do think he had better leave Uppercross entirely, and fix at Lyme.
But the fortune, which had been so tardy in coming, was his only one twelvemonth.
--repeated Frank Churchill, with a look of surprize and displeasure.-- "That is easy--but Miss Fairfax does not disapprove it, I suppose."
He looked completely astonished, but not more astonished than pleased; his eyes brightened!
The terror which the woman and boy had been creating in Harriet was then their own portion.
This she had been prepared for when she entered the house; but meant, having once talked him handsomely over, to be no farther incommoded by any troublesome topic, and to wander at large amongst all the Mistresses and Misses of Highbury, and their card-parties.
"No, not true on your side.
It had been a frosty morning, to be sure, a sharp frost, which hardly one woman in a thousand could stand the test of.
Their means were as different as their objects, and equally suited to the advancement of each.
She admired him for contriving it, though not able to give him much credit for the manner in which it was announced.
So much novelty and beauty!
He can be of essential service to me; and if you would have the goodness, my dear Miss Elliot, to make it an object to yourself, of course it is done."
It did appear--there was no concealing it--exactly like the pretence of being in love with her, instead of Harriet; an inconstancy, if real, the most contemptible and abominable!
Yes, I am sure you are much too reasonable.
I have never been attached to him.
She had much to recover from, before she could move.
But I will shew her greater attention than I have done."
He told me it was to be a great secret; and, therefore, I should not think of mentioning it to any body but you, but he said you knew it."
We have nothing clever to say-- not one of us.
Please to destroy my scrawls--but the ring with my hair you are very welcome to keep."
"No, no, not at all--only a little agitated.
"There were misunderstandings between them, Emma; he said so expressly.
Well, Frank, your dream certainly shews that Highbury is in your thoughts when you are absent.
she was a dear old Asp to me.
She was a clever young woman, who understood the art of pleasing--the art of pleasing, at least, at Kellynch Hall; and who had made herself so acceptable to Miss Elliot, as to have been already staying there more than once, in spite of all that Lady Russell, who thought it a friendship quite out of place, could hint of caution and reserve.
I should not be helped so soon, but it smells most excellent, and I cannot help beginning."
He owed it to her, to risk any thing that might be involved in an unwelcome interference, rather than her welfare; to encounter any thing, rather than the remembrance of neglect in such a cause.
Other designs might afterward arise."
MY gratitude will be insured immediately by any information tending to that end, and HERS must be gained by it in time.
"Upon my word," said she, "I should not have supposed that my opinion of any one could have admitted of such difference of conjecture, steady and matter of fact as I may call myself.
But I was really quite shocked the other day-- for Mr. Knightley called one morning, and Jane was eating these apples, and we talked about them and said how much she enjoyed them, and he asked whether we were not got to the end of our stock.
Her's, for me, was, I believe, fervent as the attachment of your sister to Mr. Willoughby and it was, though from a different cause, no less unfortunate.
Such kindness as fell to the share of nobody but me!--No pride, no hauteur, and your sister just the same--all sweetness and affability!"
She saw Mrs Clay fairly off, therefore, before she began to talk of spending the morning in Rivers Street.
And without farther ceremony, she turned away and walked to the instrument.
Poor Elinor!--here was a new scheme for getting her to Delaford!--but her spirit was stubborn.
One good thing was immediately brought to a certainty by this removal,-- the ball at the Crown.
we shall sit and gape at one another as dull as two cats."
Either in the morning or evening of every day, excepting one, have we seen either Mr. Weston or Mrs. Weston, and generally both, either at Randalls or here--and as you may suppose, Isabella, most frequently here.
"Really," said Elinor, "I know so little of these kind of forms, that I can hardly even conjecture as to the time, or the preparation necessary; but I suppose two or three months will complete his ordination."
But from such vain wishes she was forced to turn for comfort to the renewal of her confidence in Edward's affection, to the remembrance of every mark of regard in look or word which fell from him while at Barton, and above all to that flattering proof of it which he constantly wore round his finger.
I should be surprized if, after seeing them, you could be in company with Mr. Martin again without perceiving him to be a very inferior creature--and rather wondering at yourself for having ever thought him at all agreeable before.
Still, however, he was not happy.
"But indeed this is quite another thing.
His chief reward for the painful exertion of disclosing past sorrows and present humiliations, was given in the pitying eye with which Marianne sometimes observed him, and the gentleness of her voice whenever (though it did not often happen) she was obliged, or could oblige herself to speak to him.
Both master and man being in mourning assisted the idea.
said Emma, recovering from her state of shame and feeling divided between wonder and amusement.
Now Emma could, indeed, enjoy Mr. Knightley's visits; now she could talk, and she could listen with true happiness, unchecked by that sense of injustice, of guilt, of something most painful, which had haunted her when remembering how disappointed a heart was near her, how much might at that moment, and at a little distance, be enduring by the feelings which she had led astray herself.
Instead of falling a sacrifice to an irresistible passion, as once she had fondly flattered herself with expecting,--instead of remaining even for ever with her mother, and finding her only pleasures in retirement and study, as afterwards in her more calm and sober judgment she had determined on,-- she found herself at nineteen, submitting to new attachments, entering on new duties, placed in a new home, a wife, the mistress of a family, and the patroness of a village.
The whole party were but just reassembled in the drawing-room when Mr. Weston made his appearance among them.
Hitherto I fancy you and I are the only people to whom his looks and manners have explained themselves."
"Then I rather suspect that my interest would do very little."
"Emma," said Mr. Knightley presently, "I have a piece of news for you.
Hour after hour passed away in sleepless pain and delirium on Marianne's side, and in the most cruel anxiety on Elinor's, before Mr. Harris appeared.
The wedding was very much like other weddings, where the parties have no taste for finery or parade; and Mrs. Elton, from the particulars detailed by her husband, thought it all extremely shabby, and very inferior to her own.--"Very little white satin, very few lace veils; a most pitiful business!--Selina would stare when she heard of it."
To give the feelings or the language of Mrs. Dashwood on receiving and answering Elinor's letter would be only to give a repetition of what her daughters had already felt and said; of a disappointment hardly less painful than Marianne's, and an indignation even greater than Elinor's.
At this moment they were approaching Ford's, and he hastily exclaimed, "Ha!
He advised her against it, thought the jar too great; but no, he reasoned and talked in vain, she smiled and said, "I am determined I will:" he put out his hands; she was too precipitate by half a second, she fell on the pavement on the Lower Cobb, and was taken up lifeless!
I grant you, that any of them but Charles would be a very shocking match for Henrietta, and indeed it could not be; he is the only one that could be possible; but he is a very good-natured, good sort of a fellow; and whenever Winthrop comes into his hands, he will make a different sort of place of it, and live in a very different sort of way; and with that property, he will never be a contemptible man--good, freehold property.
Mr. Elton had retreated into the card-room, looking (Emma trusted) very foolish.
She paused over it for some time with indignant astonishment; then read it again and again; but every perusal only served to increase her abhorrence of the man, and so bitter were her feelings against him, that she dared not trust herself to speak, lest she might wound Marianne still deeper by treating their disengagement, not as a loss to her of any possible good but as an escape from the worst and most irremediable of all evils, a connection, for life, with an unprincipled man, as a deliverance the most real, a blessing the most important.
Lady Middleton had sent a very civil message by him, denoting her intention of waiting on Mrs. Dashwood as soon as she could be assured that her visit would be no inconvenience; and as this message was answered by an invitation equally polite, her ladyship was introduced to them the next day.
I will bring friends with me."
We must all feel for him; and the more so, because it is totally out of our power to assist him."
While they were thus comfortably occupied, Mr. Woodhouse was enjoying a full flow of happy regrets and fearful affection with his daughter.
The contempt which she had, very early in their acquaintance, felt for her daughter-in-law, was very much increased by the farther knowledge of her character, which half a year's residence in her family afforded; and perhaps in spite of every consideration of politeness or maternal affection on the side of the former, the two ladies might have found it impossible to have lived together so long, had not a particular circumstance occurred to give still greater eligibility, according to the opinions of Mrs. Dashwood, to her daughters' continuance at Norland.
"But still, not near enough to give me a chance of being right, if we think differently."
At her time of life, any thing of an illness destroys the bloom for ever!
Without scruple--without apology-- without much apparent diffidence, Mr. Elton, the lover of Harriet, was professing himself _her_ lover.
Your friend, Miss Marianne, too--which you will not be sorry to hear.
Warmth and enthusiasm did captivate her still.
She had never been quite well since the time of their daughter's marriage; and till she should have completely recovered her usual strength, they must forbid her engaging in duties, which, so far from being compatible with a weakened frame and varying spirits, seemed, under the most favourable circumstances, to require something more than human perfection of body and mind to be discharged with tolerable comfort.
His expensiveness is acknowledged even by himself, and his whole conduct declares that self-denial is a word hardly understood by him.
But in sorrow she must be equally carried away by her fancy, and as far beyond consolation as in pleasure she was beyond alloy.
Each lady was previously well disposed for an agreement, and saw nothing, therefore, but good manners in the other; and with regard to the gentlemen, there was such an hearty good humour, such an open, trusting liberality on the Admiral's side, as could not but influence Sir Walter, who had besides been flattered into his very best and most polished behaviour by Mr Shepherd's assurances of his being known, by report, to the Admiral, as a model of good breeding.
But one must not expect every thing; though I suppose it would be no difficult matter to widen them.
Anne was not animated to an equal pitch by the circumstance, but she felt that she would rather see Mr Elliot again than not, which was more than she could say for many other persons in Bath.
The thing is determined, that is (laughing affectedly) as far as I can presume to determine any thing without the concurrence of my lord and master.
The pleasantness of the morning had induced him to walk forward, and leave his horses to meet him by another road, a mile or two beyond Highbury-- and happening to have borrowed a pair of scissors the night before of Miss Bates, and to have forgotten to restore them, he had been obliged to stop at her door, and go in for a few minutes: he was therefore later than he had intended; and being on foot, was unseen by the whole party till almost close to them.
There they returned again into the past, more exquisitely happy, perhaps, in their re-union, than when it had been first projected; more tender, more tried, more fixed in a knowledge of each other's character, truth, and attachment; more equal to act, more justified in acting.
without partiality; but Mrs Charles knows no more how they should be treated--!
My dear Isabella, I have not heard you make one inquiry about Mr. Perry yet; and he never forgets you."
By his style, I should imagine it just settled."
"Yes; I did not see them myself, but I heard Mr Elliot say they were in the room."
Mr. Elton's superiority had very ample acknowledgment.
When she told Marianne what she had done, however, her first reply was not very auspicious.
