Sammy waited a little until he could see better.
Buster Bear _had_ come to live in the Green Forest, and Farmer Brown's boy _had_ seen his footprint.
It is a very simple plan, and if you will all hide where you can watch, you will be able to see for yourselves if Little Joe Otter is right.
Blacky didn't know what to make of it.
The sharp eyes of Sammy Jay and Blacky the Crow saw him.
On another lily-pad sat Spotty the Turtle.
There is something that I used to have and don't have now.
XIV A SURPRISING THING HAPPENS Blacky the Crow and Sammy Jay, looking down from the top of a tall tree, held their breath.
He always whistles when he feels light-hearted, and he always feels light-hearted when he goes fishing.
You see he wasn't well enough acquainted with Buster to know that Buster is quite as smart as he is, and perhaps a little bit smarter.
"I want to think it over.
He hadn't seen Buster Bear, and he didn't know that he or any one else was anywhere near.
Little Joe slipped swiftly into the water and swam straight to the little pool that Buster Bear would try next.
It seemed to Buster that he had had all that he could stand that day and a little more.
Then there wouldn't be any secret.
Chatterer gave a little frightened gasp and looked this way and looked that way.
"Yes, Sir, I'm going fishing.
He would grind his teeth and glare up at them, but that was all he could do.
He just chomped them all up together and patted his stomach from sheer delight.
Sammy Jay was screaming at the top of his lungs, as he followed Buster Bear across the Old Pasture towards the Green Forest.
But he didn't get so much as a nibble.
At the next little pool the same thing happened.
And Billy Mink, who had been watching, ate the fat trout.
He reached out a big paw and pushed it gently.
You see, big as he is and strong as he is, Buster Bear is very shy and bashful, and he has no desire to meet Farmer Brown, or Farmer Brown's boy, or any other of those two-legged creatures called men.
For just a little minute it was so still there in the Green Forest that not the least little sound could be heard.
Little Joe Otter swam straight to the Big Rock and climbed up to the very highest part.
But he _had_ said hateful things, he _had_ chosen to sit in a tree which stood quite by itself, and Buster Bear _could_ climb!
Just you watch me get even with Buster Bear."
He ran just as Peter Rabbit runs when he has got to reach the dear Old Briar-patch before Reddy Fox can catch him, which, you know, is as fast as he can run.
Then, and not till then, did Buster recover his usual good nature.
It was a bad beginning for a beautiful day and Little Joe knew it.
Farmer Brown's boy looked over there as if he wondered what all that fuss was about, as indeed he did, but he didn't start to go over and see.
"You take my advice, Little Joe Otter," continued Grandfather Frog, "and always make friends with those who are bigger and stronger and smarter than you are.
"He's somewhere up the Laughing Brook.
When he came in sight of the little pool, who should he see but another fisherman there, who had already caught a fine fat trout.
Right in front of him was a shiny thing just full of the finest, biggest, bluest berries!
"It's worse than I thought," cried he.
This is the end of the adventures of Buster Bear in this book because--guess why.
He spread his arms and legs out just as far as he could, and that kept him from falling as fast and as hard as he otherwise would have done, because being spread out so flat that way, the air held him up a little.
Sammy Jay looked at Blacky the Crow, and Blacky looked at Chatterer, and Chatterer looked at Happy Jack, and Happy Jack looked at Peter Rabbit, and Peter looked at Unc' Billy Possum, and Unc' Billy looked at Bobby Coon, and Bobby looked at Johnny Chuck, and Johnny looked at Reddy Fox, and Reddy looked at Jimmy Skunk, and Jimmy looked at Billy Mink, and Billy looked at Little Joe Otter, and for a minute nobody could say a word.
"Somebody _has_ been fishing here, and they have had better luck than I have," thought he.
His little eyes twinkled with enjoyment, and he didn't mind at all if now and then he got leaves, and some green berries in his mouth with the big ripe berries.
He licked his lips hungrily as he spoke.
In less time than it takes to tell about it, Buster was alone.
He looked this way and he looked that way suspiciously, but there was no one to be seen.
When he had eaten the trout he had caught, he moved along to the next little pool.
Now when Little Joe Otter found that Buster Bear had been too smart for him and that instead of spoiling Buster's fishing in the Laughing Brook he had really made it easier for Buster to catch all the fish he wanted, Little Joe went off down to the Smiling Pool in a great rage.
The fact is, he was afraid to.
When Blacky and Sammy saw him coming, they moved a little farther in to the Green Forest, still screaming in the most excited way.
Little Joe Otter gave a frightened squeal and without even turning to see who was speaking dropped his fish and dived headfirst into the Laughing Brook.
He was hungry--hungry for berries and nothing else.
The farther he went down the Laughing Brook, the more puzzled Farmer Brown's boy grew.
But when his temper is aroused and gets away from him, then watch out!
Of course, Chatterer the Red Squirrel and Happy Jack the Gray Squirrel were there.
I BUSTER BEAR GOES FISHING Buster Bear yawned as he lay on his comfortable bed of leaves and watched the first early morning sunbeams creeping through the Green Forest to chase out the Black Shadows.
He felt that he had the greatest news to tell since Peter Rabbit had first found the tracks of Buster Bear in the Green Forest.
So Farmer Brown's boy made his lunch on blueberries and then rather sheepishly he started for home to tell of all the strange things that had happened to him in the Old Pasture.
One of them moved now, and quicker than a wink had scooped one of those foolish fish out on to the bank.
And that brings us back to the question, did Buster steal Farmer Brown's boy's pail?
It's lucky I caught what I did.
I'll eat you all up to the last hair on your tail!"
He found this just as muddy as the other.
Most of them were afraid of Buster, very much afraid of him, because he was so big and strong.
And while he was wondering, he ate it all up.
Anyway, that is what he said when he told about it afterward.
Now you know that Buster is a very big fellow, and it takes a lot to fill him up.
"My, but those sandwiches will taste good," thought he.
Why, right in the middle of the biggest patch of the biggest blueberries he ever had seen in all his life!
Of course, Peter Rabbit helped spread it.
Blacky couldn't find a word to say.
Now if I were back up there in the Great Woods I could have all I could eat.
With a roar of anger Buster Bear charged out of his hiding place.
I think you must have imagined it."
With a blow of a big paw he sent it clattering against a tree.
It was the voice of Farmer Brown's boy.
Of course Farmer Brown's Boy didn't let him.
Yes, Sir, that's what it was, and all it was.
Why, for Farmer Brown's boy to come out on his way to milk the cows.
"I'd like to know what you're making such a fuss about, Mr. Crow, but I've got to feed the cows and milk them first," said he.
Unc' Billy Possum, sticking his head out from a hollow tree, held _his_ breath.
Yes, Sir, Buster Bear ran away with the big tin pail of Farmer Brown's boy!
If he had had his terrible gun with him, it might have been different.
So, when Farmer Brown's boy started for the barn instead of for the Green Forest, Blacky didn't know what to make of it.
He frightened the fish so that they fled in every direction.
And right away everybody lost a great deal of the respect for Buster which they had felt.
Yes, Sir, Buster felt that he was shamed in the eyes of his neighbors, and he wanted nothing so much as to get away by himself, where no one could see him, and try to get rid of that dreadful pail.
There was no doubt about it, for with the yell Farmer Brown's boy turned and ran for home, as no one ever had seen him run before.
"I--I guess it wasn't the fault of that thing.
But that is just what the hair on Farmer Brown's boy's head did the day he went fishing in the Laughing Brook and had no luck at all.
Then there was another yell.
"Reddy, Reddy, smart and sly, Couldn't catch a buzzing fly!"
Blacky and Sammy Jay at once began to scream and make all the fuss they could.
This puzzled him more than ever.
How Chatterer did wish that he had kept his tongue still!
No wonder Sammy was excited.
That's just what I'll do.
You see, they had come to believe that Farmer Brown's boy wasn't afraid of anybody or anything, and as most of them were very much afraid of him, they had hard work to believe that he would really be afraid of even such a great, big, strong fellow as Buster Bear.
They were real berries, and all he had got to do was to help himself.
Then Little Joe gave a funny little gasp.
