I looked up at him; a pair of black eyes met mine  a look of fear and hostility in those eye.
 was taken abac.
 learnt about my gift from a very early age; surprisingly enough I never faced any suspicio.
oure a polyglot, Sammy, said my uncle wryl.
ut he never questioned how I came to be on.
nd it may sound surprising but I never felt bothered to question it muc.
 had much fun in college, talking to many international students, learnt so much from the.
o tell the truth, it has been my opinion  deep down in my heart  that I am special and gifted, and I took this as grante.
any people are born with so many innate abilities, this is mine and I am proud of i.
 looked at him closely; he is young, barely in his twentie.
is thin pale face becoming thinner by the minut.
e is scrutinizing me too, what is he seeing in me?I wonder what conclusion he is arriving at in his min.
 tried to smile at hi.
 thought of telling him that I am a linguist, I learnt it in a course in college, which is a lie of cours.
ut I understood it is not a lighthearted situatio.
he young man standing before me looks too upse.
obodys spoken that language in thousands of years, he said slowly, almost as if to himsel.
 heard pain in his voice, evoking in me some unknown, unnameable memory of things in me, of occurrences which never happened to me, but I could feel  in my heart of hearts  that these things happened, somewhere, sometime  in this very worl.
is lips are trembling now, he is in the verge of tear.
e is one of the bearers of the knowledge, belonging to a small set of survivors, who fled and evaded from enemies, carrying what part of their identity that they could  their culture and their languag.
 handful of texts which survived at a great cost, taught to the young ones with a warning of never speaking it in the outside worl.
he memory is still there, of persecution, of being hunted like animal.
ons have passed, but the fear remains, so does the pai.
ll these I came to know, standing there, staring at each othe.
 shared past, of mutual destruction, humanitys worst crimes, history not recorde.
ut it did not get erased, I came to know it never will be erase.
 came out of the McDonalds, under the glaring sun.
