"Hi, what's your name?
"I looked around, I was not familiar with my surrounding.
t looked like a child's room, but I didn't recognize WHO'S child it wa.
here was a little girl sitting at a small table with a tea se.
n her left was a teddy bear, and on her right was a stuffed rabbit that looked a little worse for wea.
he pointed at the seat across from her, which was surprisingly empty.
"Um, Hi...I'm...  "
I thought for a moment, was I Robert, or Mr. Robert, or Mr. Anderso.
 wasn't sure how to answe.
 wasn't sure why, or how I was HERE more importantl.
here was somethin.
omething I couldn't remember ye.
t was on the cusp of my memory, but just outside, like when you cannot remember a person's name whom you've known for a long time.
"I'm Mr. Robert, or Robert, if you like".She looked at me for a moment, thinking about what I had said.
"Okay, Mr. Rober.
ince you are older after al.
 should probably call you Miste.
'm Ashley and I am six years old.
"When she said six, she held up six fingers, like either I needed to see it, or perhaps she was proud of being on more than one hand in age.
"Would you join me for tea?
""Tea?You wouldn't happen to have coffee in any of those cups would you?
"I think a cup of coffee might do me some good with my memory.
"Coffee's gross!YUK!
"Ashley squealed.
"Sit down and have some tea, I know you'll love it!
"I sat in the chair that initially looked very small, but when I sat down, I fit in it like I was one of the stuffed animals.
"Sugar and Milk for your tea M.
obert?
", she asked as she poured "tea" into my cup.
"Um, 2 sugars and some milk please.
"She pantomimed putting milk and sugar in my cup, and stirred it with a spoon.
"Go ahead an drink", she exclaime.
 put the tea cup to my lips, expecting air, and WOAH, there was tea with milk and sugar going into my mouth, although I did not see it IN the cu.
ell, this was just weird.
"It's delicious!
", I didn't have to pretend that part, it was really good te.
shley giggled in her chair as she "drank" her tea."ASHLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
"The sound of her name made her jump a little bit.
"Yes I'm here" she said looking a little nervous.
"GET DOWN HERE....NOW!!!!
", the voice boomed like it was being pumped through PA system.
"Don't worry, they can't see you or hurt you, Okay?
"she whispered to m.
 wasn't sure why she was speaking so softl.
he looked genuinely nervous, or scared.
"Oh I'm not scared.
"I stood up from the chair resuming my "regular" height as compared to a 6 year ol.
he ran to the door and opened it and I followe.
he house was a normal looking ranch house that I still did not recogniz.
 still had no idea why I was here, either.
"ASHLEY!Why are't you HERE now???
""I'm coming.
", she turned to look at me and held her finger to her lips in the universal sign for 'hush'.We walked into the living roo.
er parents were sitting on the couch with TV trays in front of the.
here was a third tray with a meal on it in front of a child sized chai.
 looked at the food on her tra.
hicken nuggets and carrot.
ooked like milk in a cup to drin.
s she sat down, she accidently knocked over her mil.
s it started to top, I grabbed it, and only a drop spille.
he odd thing was her parents did not react to my being there in general, but when I saved the milk, they both paled.
"Be careful, Ashley," her mom said with a wild look in her eyes.
"I will, Thank you Mr. Robert, I'll take that milk now".I didn't realize I was still holding the milk, and I handed it to Ashley.
"Ashley, who is M.
obert?
""He's my new friend Mommy!He had tea with me this afternoon!
""He DID?where did he come from?
"Ashley shrugged her shoulders.
"I don't kno.
 do know he was a great guest at my tea party, and when he goes on, he's going to be very happ.
ot like Mr. Lambert who was her last week.
""Are you sure Mr. Lambert is gone?
"the dad said slowly.
"Yes Dadd.
e was not nice, was he?
""No, he was not.
"I walked over to the other side of the room to see the parents better and noticed a bruise on the cheek of her fathe.
 reached for the front door.
"You don't want to go out there yet.
"Ashley said very cautiousl.
t's not tim.
ou have to wai.
e'll have more tea, then it will be tim.
ou've done really well with this part of the tes.
 believe you will have a very fun afterlife.
"Ashley grew older in front of me over a matter of seconds, I saw her parents get older and the room changed,  "I believe it's time for you to move on.
"she said as she rubbed her pregnant belly.
"Honey, get the car, it's time!
"she said as I felt a pulling motion I was shrinking and becoming light which zoomed into her belly.&#x200B;Now it is dark, I'm scared, I don't know what's happening, but I feel like I am trappe.
hat is going to happen?
