Dan knew there was a possibility he had some sort of psychological disorder, but he figured he'd been at it long enough he may as well continu.
n for a penny?In for a poun.
athematically it didn't make sense to Dan, and he pondered this while donning his navy fleece jacke.
he smallest the number of humans there have been on the planet was somewhere under one hundred thousan.
hile Dann was prolific, there was no way he could even get a fraction of a fraction of that numbe.
ell, the genetic diversity of homosapien-sapiens was already extremely hindered, a few hundred humans would soon be more inbred than British royalty and hillbillie.
e continued briskly down the sidewal.
t was a cold evening, and Daniel had a some time to g.
e had actually been summoned to this one, and that hadn't happened since the very beginnin.
his is one of the reasons he rationalizes away the idea of an acute psychosis; there are physical places he knows he needs to g.
nd he's almost always righ.
nd then what about animals?Plants?Birds?Bacteria?How hard is it going to be to rebuild the world with nothing?No tools and n--Dan stopped in his tracks, as a thought hit hi.
t was such a slap to the face he even said it aloud.
"I should have been killing construction workers and plumber.
ot just scientists and engineer.
uck.
"Sure, there were Some blue collar worker.
his wasn't so much about selection so much as testin.
runk found stabbed to death in a truck behind a hole in the wall?Not exactly national new.
an tried to be as ethnically diverse as possibl.
ven though he doubted there would be enough people, he may as well try to shake things up geneticall.
s he strode to the locked door, he unzipped his gray jacket to extract a key from an inside pocke.
ronze key in hand, he inserted it into the kno.
ith the deadbolt unlocked, Dann swung open the doo.
aniel stepped through threshol.
n that instant, the world turned to white and empty and then totally full of-WHAT THE FUC.
an looked out to seemingly infinite versions of hi.
.
here were some variation.
an froze as a voice boomed through his hea.
heir head.
ur head.
t was his own voic.
ayb.
ou never sound the same as the voice in your head because recorders don't pickup bone conduction.
"Okay, I knew this shit would be a proble.
et this through your heads--there's more than one of you workin.
e're not stupi.
e thought of that and now you  kno.
o stop over-thinking this shit and get back to work because we're on a limited time scale!
"Then it was gon.
ack to realit.
ean stepped outside, locking the door behind him with his steel key.
