Adolf wok.
e wasnt sure what had awakened him, but he found himself staring at the shadowy ceiling of his tiny flat just the sam.
t was quiet  so quiet that he was sure neither dawn nor dusk were anywhere close at hand  and yet, still he was awak.
ore awake, in fact, than he had felt in year.
e shivered beneath his blanket despite the warmth, and lit a candl.
hat do you want?
He asked the darknes.
t felt right, he thought, to speak like this into the nigh.
e could feel eyes on him, even if he wasnt sure anyone was really ther.
f he was wrong, no one would be the wise.
ut if he was rightHitler gasped as a hooded figure rose from the darkness at the foot of his bed, growing like a shadow at dus.
e clutched the covers closer to his ches.
hat are you!?
He exclaime.
ome specter?Are you some devil, come to steal the breath from my lungs and soul from my flesh?Show yourself!
To his surprise, the figure stopped, holding up a finger as if to ask for a moment while he fumbled with his hoo.
t seemed to bulge oddly, as if it were caught on something, but eventually he pulled it fre.
t was simply a ma.
orr.
ust haveslipped?Never did like these cloaks.
The figure said in halting Germa.
e flashed Adolf a sheepish smile, and despite himself the pajama-clad man felt himself begin to smile as wel.
here was something about him, about the way he looked just a bit embarrassed beneath his disheveled bush of hair that was endearin.
espite that, however, he wasnt ready to relax just ye.
howho are you?Why have you come here into my bedchambers so rudely, and without invitation?
Adolf aske.
gain, the man smile.
hI dont think Im anyone that special.
He sai.
ust ateacher?Is that the word?I work with paint, and I thoughtyou might enjoy getting to paint, a bit.
Hitler blinke.
well, ye.
 consider myself quite the expert, if I do say s.
ut why have you come?Are you from the school?You are no one I recognize.
He looked the man up and down, and was struck by how odd he looked with his black cloak and his fuzzy hea.
t reminded him of something, though he couldnt quite put a finger on what it wa.
ell, no, not from the school exactly.
The strange man sai.
 amfrom far away?The others, they havesealed this time off, yes?So no one else can com.
ou are rather unpopular, where I come fro.
any have sought your life, though we have stopped them allwill have stopped them?You even stopped a few yourself, I think.
Stopped?My life?
Adolf asked, frownin.
 have no recollection of thi.
hy do they seek to kill me?I have done no wrong to warrant it, at least in memor.
es, wellits all a bit complicate.
arder, too, in Germa.
 cannot explai.
egardless, I was sent here asan apolog.
or things that havent, and will never happe.
or my rudeness, I also apologiz.
ow was the only time I could com.
t was the earliest we could reach before they started comin.
ow, I must ask againwould you paint with me?
*Pinsel!
* Hitler exclaimed.
*Ein pinsel*!I knew you looked like something!Yes, Mr. Pinsel, I will paint with yo.
f only because this is clearly a dream, and I have quite the love of painting.
The man smile.
rom somewhere within his cloak  where, Hitler couldnt imagine, as it was rather tight he withdrew a pair of easels, complete with canvas, paint, and brushe.
ery well!
He sai.
et us paint!
And so they di.
he hours fled before their strokes, each of them trying to outdo the other in painting after paintin.
itler was surprised  though this man was clearly not German, he was still very, very goo.
etter, indeed, than Hitler himself, though he didnt want to admit i.
ut never once did he flaunt his superiorit.
ndeed, he made fun of his own imperfections, laughing and turning them into a beauty the likes of which Hitler had to admir.
here are no mistakes.
He explaine.
erelyaccident.
appy accidents.
The man, too, was surprised at Adol.
n the history books, all they ever spoke of was the hatred, the atrocitie.
he monste.
nstead, what he found before him was a ma.
 man like himself, filled with laughter and art and pain and joy and sorro.
erhaps that was even more frightening than the beas.
ut soon, the sky outside the window turned from black to gray, and the candle burned low in its stan.
las, Adolf, our time grows short.
The man sai.
m afraid I will need to be leaving soon.
Ah!You speak truth, Mr. Pinse.
 forgot the hour!Though I am still not sure whether you were real or not, our time together was quite enjoyabl.
 hope that you come to visit agai.
erhaps there is a thing or two I could learn.
Ye.
 thinkI think that would be nice.
The cloaked man said, smiling sadl.
oodbye, Adol.
ood luck with your paintin.
 hope it brings you much joy, even when times are bleakest.
He offered a han.
nd you as well, my friend.
Adolf replie.
e grasped his hand, and was shocked to find a needle in his pal.
t once, Hitler began to fall, only to be caught and dropped gently into bed by the cloaked strange.
he man shook his hea.
 dont know if I can call the mistakes you are going to make happy, Adolf, but you deserve the chance to make the.
hats only right.
With a whirl of his cloak, Mr. Pinsel was gone, leaving nothing behind but a single canvas and a few drops of paint on the future tyrants bedclothes.##########*Pop*"Oh...hey, John.
""Hey, Margarete.
"John sighe.
er bedroom was a mess - a total, absolute, pig-sty-hit-by-a-tornado kind of mess the likes of which made him cring.
agazines, sheets, and even bits of old food covered the carpet like a layer of soi.
ut it was nothing compared to he.
t was a familiar scene to John at this poin.
er crying, sitting on the edge of her bed, not quite covering the bruises over her eye.
he apartment was different, at least, but the story was nothing ne.
ew gu.
ew plac.
ame proble.
e started to clean.
"How is Dave treating you these days, Mar?
"He asked, feigning ignorance as he picked up a particularly crusty Playboy."Gone.
"She said, simply.
"He was cheating, like I though.
ike you thought, I gues.
o I got out.
""That's good news, Mar.
"John shot her a sad smile as he dumped the first pile into the trash.
"And the new guy is...?""Josh.
"Margarete said, quickly.
"He seemed so nice at the bar, paid for me and everythin.
 real gentleman.
""But he hit you, didn't he.
"John sai.
argarete didn't answe.
e continued to clean in silence.
"You can't just...it wasn't his fault, Ok?He was drunk!
"She finally snapped.
"Who the hell are you, coming in here, telling me how to live my life?With your...your good clothes, fancy shoes!I bet you never had to deal with any crap in your entire life!
"Still, John was silen.
e moved into the bathroom, which was somehow in an even worse state.
"I don't see any needles this tim.
utting back?
"He calle.
his time, Margarete was silen.
ohn kept cleaning.
"Mar?You still in there?
"He asked, poking his head out into the other roo.
o his surprise, she was looking up at him, cheeks stained with tear.
n her hands, she held a small stick made of cheap white plastic, half hidden behind her shaking fingers."John....
t's not..." She stammered.
"I...I can'.
 can't leave, not anymore.
"She held the object up, half displaying it to John as if she wasn't sure that she wanted him to see it.
"It's not just about me anymore.
"John swallowed, finally understanding."Whose...?
"He aske.
argarete just shook her head.
"I don't know...it could have been Dave, I gues.
ut I can't go back there, John, I just can't!
"John nodded.
"I understand.
"He said.
"But, Margarete...you can't stay here eithe.
ou know tha.
hat will Josh do when he finds out?Or...did he already find out, and this is what he did to you?
""I'm so scared, John!
"Margarete sobbed.
"I don't know what to do, where to go..." "It's going to be ok, Ma.
 promise.
"John said.
"Do you still have your cousin's number?Up in Newport?
"Margarete nodded."Goo.
o there, and don't look bac.
hey'll help.
""Thanks...John, I...Jus.
hank you.
"Margarete said.
"I...I don't know what I'd do, if it weren't for yo.
ometimes, I just wish we'd never broken u.
aybe things would have turned out different.
"John just chuckled.
"No, Margaret.
 don't think it would have worked ou.
esides, it would break my fianc's heart if I broke up with him now.
"Margarete stared."You're...?
"John nodde.
e blinked, and he was hom.
is real home - sitting on his bed, fully dressed in the dead of night, his partner breathing softly beside hi.
e hadn't waited u.
ohn laid down and sighed, staring up at the ceilin.
e had thought that the shock might have been enough to send him back, but her expression haunted hi.
onfusion, disgust...to think, for over a decade they had known each other, and she'd never thought to ask why he lef.
e only wished that he could have done more before he did.
****Heavy stuf.
hanks for the read!CC welcomed, and if you enjoyed this story you might like some of my others on /r/TimeSyncs!*##########"...Bro?
"Leonard stood at the base of the platform, arms crossed in frustratio.
e couldn't believe i.
his sappy-looking, scrawny twit of a teenager had discovered what had taken him years - *years* - to figure out on his ow.
e had dedicated his entire life looking for a loophole in time travel, to get around the requirements of FTL travel and proximity to a black hole, and this idiot had gotten there firs.
hat was more, instead of using his knowledge to benefit all of mankind, he had made himself king.*King!
* How selfish could one person be?The king, on the other hand, beamed down on him.
"Yeah, bruh.
"He said.
"How'd ya do it?It was easy for m.
ee, it turns out we're in...like...a simulation, or something?
"He said.
"I'm a little foggy on the detail.
ade the whole thing up while I was stoned...still kinda stoned, actuall.
hey've got some wicked herbs here, ma.
ut it all kinda just came to me, ya know?
""It just...came to you?
"Leonard aske.
e shut his eyes, wishing he could forget everything he just heard.
"It took me over a decade to figure it ou.
t least you had the sense to dress the par.
ou...*did* dress the part, didn't you?
"The monarch stared at him blankly.
"...No?At least...I don't think so?They didn't have jeans back now, did they?""N.
o jeans.
"He said, smoothing his tunic.
"So where did you get the robes?Did the king just give them to you or something?
"The boy grinned wider.
"Yeah man!
"He said, showing off the purple cloth.
"He just sort of threw them at me the second I showed up!Was yelling something about a prophecy, but he.
'm not gonna complain - free stuff!How much you think this crown is worth?
""You should really have planned a bit better you know, if you were trying to go into the past.
"Leonard said.
"You could have gotten yourself killed!
""Hey ma.
 didn't actually *plan* on anything.
"The teen said, frowning.
"It just sort of...happene.
ne moment, I'm laying on my back, looking at the universe through my third eye and stuff, and the next, *woosh!
* There's this big purple portal, and I land myself right in the middle of the courtyard, ya know?
"Leonard stared.
"You mean to say....you didn't actually do anything?
"He asked.
"Nah, man.
"The teen said.
"In fact, I'm not a hundred percent sure this whole place is rea.
ut if it isn't, this is one hell of a trip, ya know?
"Leonard turned away, deep in though.
e, too, had seen the very same portal - though, it had been where and when he had been expecting i.
hough, not exactly - if he was being honest, it had been a few seconds earl.
n truth, he wouldn't have stepped through it at all, had it not grown suddenly and launched itself at him like the mouth of an enormous wor.
t the time, he had chalked it up to a simple miscalculation, but now he was not so sure.
"If you didn't mean to come here," He asked the boy, "and if I was brought here against my will...what on earth was that portal?
""It was *my* doing.
"Said another voice, sonorous and dee.
rom behind the throne walked a man - old, with a white beard and periwinkle blue eyes that seemed to pierce straight through Leonard's hear.
e wore robes long enough to scrape the floor, a pointed hat, and an expression that was equal parts sorrow and joy.
"I am Merlin.
"Said the man.
"Leonard, Arthur...we have much work to d.
 pray that we might start now.
"##########"Good evening.
"Farrow jumped.
"Who's there?
"He calle.
uickly stripping the thick goggles from his head, he glanced around the empty la.
t was dark and quiet - the kind of quiet that only comes out in a busy place after midnight, once the everyone had long ago left for hom.
veryone except for Farrow, of course.
"I know you're back there, behind the doorway.
"He said, eyes narrowing.
"Come out into the light so I can see you.
"The woman - for she was a woman - laughed almost imperiously.
"I wasn't trying to hide, Farro.
ut I will honor your request.
"With two luxurious strides, the woman stepped into the circle of light that surrounded Farrow's desk like a hal.
arrow gulpe.
he had long, dark hair that flowed nearly to her waist, with skin the color of honeyed mil.
hough she wore warm clothing that obscured her form, she was easily the most beautiful woman that Farrow had ever seen.
"Who *are* you?
"He asked, filled with wonde.
hen, regaining some of his composure, he pressed on, "And how did you get in here?The doors are all locked, no one should have been able to even get inside!
""Oh, I have ways of getting into places on my own terms.
"The woman said, coyly.
"But I needn't have used the.
ou invited me here yourself, Farrow.
"Farrow blinked.
"That's twice now you've used my name, but I don't think I have introduced myself...nor have you given me your.
ell me what's going on!
""I think you know.
"The woman replied, smirking.
"As far as who I am, we have met before - though I doubt you could remember i.
ou may call me Kalika...and if what I have heard is true, we will be quite the pair.
"Farrow's eyes widened in realization.
"The time travel project!So you're...from the future?But our theories only indicate that forward travel is possible..." "Not all things you consider impossibilities are impossible, Farro.
y very presence here should prove that.
"Kalika smiled, and Farrow was disconcerted to notice that her canines were oddly pointed.
"Speaking of which...how is your prototype coming along?
"She gestured to a twisted mass of metal in the corner of the roo.
t seemed to be made of nothing but rings, a chair, and a control panel rigged together with a few screws."Scrapped.
"Farrow sighed, forgetting for a moment who he was speaking to.
"The powers that be deemed it too dangerous, they never even wanted me to test it.
"Kalika grinned.
"Why don't you...give it a little whirl just the same?
"Without waiting for him to give an answer, she grabbed his arm and began to steer him towards the strange device."I...don't...think..."
Farrow protested, squirming under Kalika's surprisingly strong gri.
eftly, she began punching numbers into the controls faster than Farrow's eyes could follow, and the machine whirred to life at her touc.
arrow let out a cry and began trying to power the device down, but she simply swatted his hand away and continued to wor.
ust as the first ring began to spin, she withdrew back into the lab, leaving Farrow trapped in a whirling tornado of steel.
"What have you done!?
"Farrow yelled, dismaye.
ut no matter how much he hammered away at the controls, the machine never responded.
"Don't worry so very much...my love.
"She smiled again, pointed canines glinting.
"See you in a hundred years..."And with a flash of blue-white light, Farrow was gone.
