"Andrews, do you read me?Over.
""I read yo.
ver.
""What's going on?I need a status report every thirty minute.
ver.
"Andrews would have slapped himself if any part of his body could reach his face right no.
f course, those god-awful status report protocols!It's not like he was doing anything exerting or anythin.
ndrews sighed, and clicked the "record" and "transmit" buttons, located on the convenient space between his thumb and his index finger.
"Status report, Earth time 3:24 AM, December twenty-second, 2060.Climbing isn't made any easier by the lower gravity her.
've managed to find a spot with relatively solid footing, and I've been resting for the past minute or s.
nd status report.
""Acceptable, Andrew.
ontinue, but for the mission's sake, remember to make your status reports!Out.
"Easy for her to sa.
he's just been sitting in Mission Control back at base, looking at a bunch of computer screens and going to the break room every thirty minutes to browse archived Buzzfeed articles while doing a status report about how her job is "extremely difficult, but it's worth it to see the future of humanity up close.
""Future of humanity, my ass.
"Andrews had decided he had had enough rest for one Mars day.
"Alright, continuing clim.
ver.""Acknowledge.
ut.
"Andrews, absent-mindedly continuing to climb, didnt realize that he had touched something cylindrical and metal, jutting out of the clif.
hen he used it as a handhold to reach a higher rock, the metal began to slide out of the clif.
ndrews didn't realize that his handhold had given way until he was 25 feet down, falling."Oo.
amn i.
ontrol, I'm--"Andrews cut himself off when he realized that his long-range transmitter had broken his fal.
e wasn't in contact with Control or any of the other surveyors."Well..."
Andrews continued, fully aware he was talking to nobody, "I *could* walk all the way back to base and scrap all this perfectly good data, or I could *not do that.
*"Andrews decided to continu.
urning around, back to the cliff face, he noticed something odd and slightly disturbin.
art of it was openin.
s the door at the bottom of the cliff face opened, some of the rocks began giving way, crumbling and falling down the clif.
ndrews noticed something at the very top of the cliff lose its foundation and come falling down towards hi.
e stepped aside to avoid the uniform cylinder of meta.
t almost looked like...*a flagpole.
*The piece of cloth that was attached had been covered in the trademark red dust that covered the plane.
ndrews, wiping off the dust, noticed that the cloth underneath was also re.
 hammer and sickle was emblazoned on i.
t was a Soviet flag.
"What the hell is a Soviet flag doing on Mars?Did one of the surveyors bring it as a joke?No, this flag looks...older.
"The door opened full.
ndrews stepped into a tiny room which he recognized as an airloc.
e should have expected that the door would close behind him and the room would refill with air.
"Damn it al.
 guess I'll have to wait to get back to bas.
lthough...I have a feeling this is more important.""
??
""That was... that was Russia.
omeone lives here.
"For some reason,  Andrews wanted to shout "Dont worry!I don't want to hurt you!
"But he knew perfectly well that the Russian was unlikely to understan.
ndrews tried to quietly round the corner, and immediately backed into the Russian."Ah!""
!
"The Russian, shaking, aimed her tiny pistol at Andrews, and as Andrews prepare to be shot, he realized something.
"That gun... it's ol.
ike, really ol.
t's so rusty that no amount of cleaning could make it work agai.
t's World War Two era at least.
"The Russian, realizing that she had no way to use violence to solve his problems, nor was that the way to solve them, threw away the gun."
.,  ?
"Andrews understood exactly one word in that sentenc.
nglicized, it would be "amerikanets.
""Uh, ye.
 come from the United States of America."".
""Look, we need some translatio.
o you have a way of translating?""?
""Oh, righ.
ussian.
"Andrews gestured with his hands in a movement implying speech.
",    .,    .
""A 'komp'yuter?'Goo.
ake me to it.
"The Russian led Andrews along a narrow passage into a massive room full of machinery, which Andrews recognized, after a moment, as computers from the late 1990.
eminded him of one of Dahlia's old Buzzfeed articles.
"Only 90s Kids will get this!
"Joke's on you, Buzzfee.
he 90s kids are in their 60s no.
he Russian, typing furiously on one of the keyboards, brought up some translation software.
"Thank you.
"said Andrews."
,     .""My....
name is... Michael Andrew.
... arrived from.... Earth.... twenty days ago.
"The Russian read the message and responded.
"My name is Alexandrina Pajari .I was born March 23, 2032 .
"said the messag.
ndrews looked at her, shocked.
"You're saying you were born here, on Mars?
"Alexandrina looked condescendingly at him, then gestured to the keyboard."Righ.
ype it.
"After thirty minutes of elaborate translation and retranslation, the overall story, as Andrews had heard it, was that in the 90s, her great-grandfather as well as several others had arrived on Mar.
fter the Soviet Union collapsed, they realized that they were the last true Soviets and decide that a true colony needed to be established, with farms and a self-sustaining ecosyste.
o they grew their food in Mars dirt and lived off of the slightly malnourished vegetables that resulted, for 50 years, until one left on an expedition and never returne.
nother left to find them, and they never came back eithe.
ne by one, they all left and never returned, until it was only Alexandrin.
ndrews, who was so absorbed in learning the story behind this place, hadn't realized that the other surveyors were probably panicking because he hadn't radioed in."Do..
you... have a... long-range transmitter....I could use?
"Alexandrina led him to the storage room, in which was stowed years' worth of potatoes and leeks, and one of exactly what he was looking fo.
lugging in into his suit, he turned it to the correct channel and pressed the "transmit" button.
"This is Michael Andrew.
t looks like we have a new addition to the crew.
"This is my first time doing one of these.
