I know what I a.
ore importantly, I know what I am not, but I still know the name.
he names people spit with vitriol when my face is plastered on the new.
narchist, terrorist, monster, savag.
hats fine with m.
et them spew their verbal sludge from their high horses knowing good and well theyd do the same in my positio.
o Ill play my part and be their boogeyman spawned from hell to take the lives of men, women, and children innocent in their be.
ll be the villain that theyll tell their kids about as a bedtime scary stor.
 am no monster, or savage, or boogeyma.
m just a ma.
 man who has the balls to do whats necessary when the time comes, and now the time has com.
he time to end the corruption, the lies, the falsity of this damnable governmen.
 will blow their tower of deceit back to the seventh circle of hell from which it cam.
he time has come to return this land to the peopl.
ometimes you need a wildfire to burn out the deadwood and my bombs are the spar.
ut hes comin.
es always fucking coming the persistent bastar.
or months weve waged war from South Africa to Chechnya and now hes coming agai.
es slowed my progress, the peoples progress, but no longe.
n another time we may have been allies and probably even friends, working together to better this place but that time has long since passe.
 respect him for the tenacity of which our battles have been fought, like rams butting heads, we have been locked in this dance of death for a long time but now its time for a victo.
he poor guy sees the world as black and white and no matter my efforts, he refuses to see the gray domain where I roam and has pegged me for the darknes.
ir?Hes her.
e came in where we expecte.
ow many did it take to subdue him?Too man.
 price that needed payin.
here is he now?In the interrogation roo.
es bound at the hands and feet and he knows youre comin.
ell don.
 have no superpowers though now I wish I di.
t would make this easie.
rabbing my revolver off the desk where my security monitors are located, I open the chamber to make sure its loaded, it is, and solemnly begin the short walk to the interrogation roo.
.
nterrogation roo.
ts a movie set I ordered built in this warehouse that Ive been feigning as my base of operation.
t the risk of bragging, it was a brilliant tra.
 had watched him sneak into my compound on my little TVs, take out a few of my dime-a-dozen guards, and then eventually cut my video feed.
t was ending today one day one way or another, and it will not be with my demis.
uckily, for me, he was outnumbered, ambushed, and capture.
e demanded that he see me face to fac.
 know he wants to save me, bring me to the light as it were, but the light doesnt exis.
ts all just shades of gra.
s I walk past the one way mirror, I see him sitting there, bound to a table with three guards watching him face the door with steely determinatio.
ell, facing A doo.
 meander around to the back of the room cursing him for making me do this to hi.
hy did you demand this you prideful, brave, fool?You are no hero more than I am a villain, but I suppose he plays his role in the same vain as I play min.
 double check my revolver, still loade.
as he moved?No si.
e cant move without being seen by a guard and they have shoot on movement order.
hey shouldve shot him already, I say before I silently slip in the hidden door in the back of the roo.
here sits my nemesis, still bound hand and foot, sitting in a chair with his back to m.
lowly raising my revolver, I hold my breath so as not to make even the slightest nois.
he spot is easy enough to find, if you know what youre looking for and have some experience, of which I am in unfortunately in no short suppl.
y revolver settles on a spot just below the base of the skull about 2 inches from the bottom of his short cut, blonde hairlin.
n the snap of your fingers its ove.
he bullet severed his brain stem but missed the skul.
one of the blood even got on my shoes, just followed the bullet through and out under his chi.
o fuss, no mus.
 roll the body over of my fallen adversar.
e was a good man doing what he thought was right just as I am doing what I think is righ.
is bright blue eyes are calm and lifeles.
ou never really get used to looking into the eyes of someone whose life has just been snuffed out by your own han.
t was never what I wanted, but what was neede.
 press my revolver into his chest above the heart and pull the trigger until the gun click.
o tears, no guilt, no come to Jesus moment; just respect for a man who does what he needs to d.
hat now sir?Burn the motherfucker down.
