Under the weather has been a understatemen.
t was a cold blistering winte.
f course I caught the col.
hen I was younger, I would remember how crazed my grandmother was when I would get sic.
he was such a sweet sou.
 always enjoyed her cooking and it always made me feel bette.
ts been a while now though and early in the year me and my parents were going through some of the things she left behind after she passe.
 was reluctant to find a big cook boo.
 big solid boo.
t was hand crafte.
he book was full of tasty recipe.
 took it upon myself to take it home and learn her cooking secret.
 found the chicken soup recipe, oh how I loved the way she made it for me when I was sic.
he whole book was hand writte.
 traced the letters and made a lis.
 was able to get all the ingredients at the local marke.
oday was going to be the day Id get a taste of the pas.
 only hoped that I could make it like she did but I was confiden.
 started the pot and started cutting up the vegetable.
 followed the instructions word for wor.
ear the end I saw a weird series of word.
t was a chan.
 whispered them and laughed at mysel.
o way that she would do this!After the last ingredient was placed in the bowl I was to let it simmer for 30 min.
 left the room and left to my living roo.
 waited patentl.
 heard a boom!I rushed to the kitche.
t was cloud.
 thought it caught fire and I was flustere.
his smoke wasnt like any smoke thoug.
he bowl lid was on the floo.
 watched intensely as something was coming ou.
 looked as a figure rose from the bow.
t was a dark figure and it was looking into my sou.
 gasped for ai.
 wanted to run by I was frozen with fea.
he figure came slowly to me and asked me where my grandmother was calling her by her full nam.
 muttered out nonsens.
 ran to the book to try and figure things ou.
ow could this b.
 must be dreamin.
e demanded to know what I wanted and why I summoned hi.
 decided to run for the door with the book in my hand.
 closed the door...I would now need to figure things out fas.
hat was happening ?How could chicken soup do this?
!What did those Danm words mean?What was my grandmother into?
