"What, are you really expecting some sort of villain monologue, where I reveal my evil plan in the most dramatic way possible, allowing you to escape?I don't think so, M.
ond.
"Agent 007 tested the restraints carefully, under Elon's careful gaz.
hey were tigh.
aybe too tigh.
till, he kept cool, smirking slightly.
"Do you really expect me to understand why you're doing this, Musk?
""No, M.
on.
 expect you to die.
"Shouldering his flamethrower, the eccentric billionaire exited the cockpi.
he door shut with a pneumatic hiss, and the secret agent leaped into action, muscles straining as he popped free of his bond.
e wasted a second ensuring the discreet recorder in his Oxfords was secure before turning his attention to the doo.
t had never meant to keep someone locked insid.
eight restraints meant that SpaceX hadn't done much to reinforce i.
till, Bond couldn't get throug.
he radio turned on, a burst of static before Elon's voice came throug.
he gloat was gone, replaced with a twinge of sadness."M.
ond?If you make it if you do meet up with the mothership, tell my girls I'll be home soon.
"##########Timothy coughed, blinking as he lifted his hea.
e shouldn't be lifting his hea.
hy was he still here?Lagos was ash and twisted steel frame.
ires were dotted throughout the rubbl.
e rolled over and saw it - the Zentharian battlecruiser, split in tw.
hey had wo.
ow?He stood, slowly, his head poundin.
ne of his eyes was shut, and his hand came away bloodie.
ow had they won?Why was he still alive?Where was everyone else?The last thought had barely left his mind before an arrow of blue light shot from his chest, zipping across the scorched earth to the centre of the alien shi.
urprised, he stumbled back, tripping on a broken chunk of concrete and steel reba.
e pushed himself back upright and squinted with his good eye, but the line still glowed faintly on the groun.
hat did he have to lose?He took a wavering step, then anothe.
e found his stride on the shifting ash, slowly making his way towards the shi.
n the middle of the shattered husk was a girl, curled up in an impact crate.
he couldn't have been older than fourteen, her short black hair oddly neat against her pale skin given the utter destructio.
ven more remarkable was the rise and fall of her frail ches.
e slowly reached out, hesitating a secon.
is dark hand dripped blood, and it seemed wrong to stain the already scorched shir.
e shook the thought from his mind, easily scooping up the girl and carrying her from the wreckage.
******They watched the last lights blink out from the top of Mauna Ke.
here were only a few dozen left, every face etched into Timothy's memor.
ow they had stood time and time again, defying all odds to throw the invaders back once mor.
nd it was ove.
here was no doubt about tha.
y the last year of the war, the Zentharian ships were crewed by convicts and POW.
y the last month, they weren't even trained to fire a pulse rifle, if they were lucky enough to get on.
hey sued for peace once the humans got a ship working - no one let on that their powers were negligable outside the magnetosphere.
"We did it!
"Satori, he'd be the first to spea.
e'd lasted all of a half hour before admitting he was a third-generation Canadian who had taken his name from some sort of cartoon.
"What's next?
"Mia this tim.
he quiet Peruvian girl who carried a short braid on a necklace.
"I'm so sorry.
"That was a voice Timothy was not expecting, especially laden by sorrow as it wa.
hyou was not the remorseful sor.
ight've been when her family was alive eithe.
e turned to regard the girl, just in time to see the first sliver fl.
t took out Chen and Carrie, and the next drove through Sofia's hea.
he rest were slow to react, and slower to account for the increase in powe.
 dozen were blown clean off the hill, and a hail of flaming arrows took out another fou.
ia summoned a shield of spinning runes around the survivors, just in time for her body to crumble into dus.
atori tried to fight, summoning a long red blade as he lept forward.
hyou didn't even spare him a glance as she sent another silver lance through his hear.
imothy watched it, numb to it al.
er hair was longer now, but it still always seemed to fall into place as she move.
oon he was alone again, as the last gurgle died of.
t couldn't have been more than a few second.
e slowly raised his head, just in time to see the spike comin.
e didn't feel it as it passed through his ches.
s his mind faded, he summoned one last spel.
 blue arrow raced across the light brown dirt to Chyou's fee.
t flared once, then died with the caster.
