You know, have you ever tried being responsible for your own shit, instead of relying on some witches curse to have me do your laundry?, Shane snarked at Sandr.
oure just too convenient., she smirked, looking Shane up and dow.
esides, its more important than my laundry.
Sandra had gotten into some trouble with some senior.
andra and her current boyfriend, Rumio, were the towns local supply of dope, and less than lethal party drugs; like acid, shrooms, and ecstas.
t was a small town with a poor, small market, and not really many dealers to go t.
ven though Sandra and Rumio kept a code to never sell any amount of or any type of drug that they knew would kill a particular person, they never made a code to never skimp their customer.
hat, do you need a loan or some shit?Or are you just horny and your boyfriend isnt around again?
Shane was rather pissed at this poin.
 day hadnt gone by that Aphrodites curse hadnt played its merciless joke on hi.
t had been calming down recently, and he figured he might be able to start having a normal life agai.
hane was supposed to be at the premiere of a big blockbuster hit, The Comedical Advancements of Hubris the Flying Baby, but in the middle of the previews was sucked back into the grip of Sandras hurricane of a lif.
o, I need somebody that can hold a gun.
Sandra handed over a .22.What the fuck is this peashooter gonna do?Its gonna scare off these jocks we fucked with.
Sandra and Rumio had taken it upon themselves to not only sell a football player a bag of chopped up romaine, but hadnt even given him the proper gram to dollar rati.
andra and Rumio had sold oregano to this kid before, so they figured he would probably still be too stupid to tell the differenc.
ut Kenneth, the fool, had smoked lettuce in his youth after hearing talk through his bedroom door of smoking the devils lettuc.
nd why should I give a fuck that you pissed some jocks off?Because even if you leave, youre just gonna come back when they actually show up.
They of course being the entire football team; small town sports teams are essentially packs of hyena.
o why dont I go get a real weapon, like a chainsaw?Or a steak knife?Because were not trying to kill them, were trying to get them to fuck of.
e dont need heat all over our shit, man.
Sandra shoved the .22 into Shanes ches.
he stormed off into another room to grab her phone and her bato.
hile she called Rumio, Shane looked out the windo.
ou got any idea what type of car these kids might roll up in?I dont know, probably some busted up piece of shi.
retty sure Kens dad own a Thunderbird.
Rumio picked up, Sandra asked, Hey, where are you, babe?Pulling up right now.
Just then a green Thunderbird swerved right into his drivewa.
umio parked quickly, reached for his bat in the back seat, and got ou.
ive kids exited the Thunderbird, all looking around before a couple charged towards Rumi.
andra and Shane came leaping off the front porch towards Rumio, trying to distract a couple of the linebacker.
umio managed to break a kneecap on of the kids, but took an uppercut from his backu.
umio tried shoving the kid away via tip of ba.
t hurt the players chest, but he grabbed the bat and swung it to the sid.
andra wasnt strong, but people didnt think a baton swing to the ribs wasnt gonna hur.
hane had been in a few fights, via Sandra, but still didnt stand a chance against the neanderthals of the frontlin.
t wasnt too soon before Shane pulled out Bang!Shane had plucked one of them in the eye, and it started to blee.
hey all scattered back to the car before Shane could pull the trigger agai.
heyre just gonna come back, you know.
Shane looked at the two of them locked in arm.
eah, but at least we got Slickshot Shane to back us up when the rattlesnakes show up.
Sandra smirked at Shane and giggled a bi.
umi told Shane, Yeah and if you let my girlfriend die, Ill be sure to send your ass to Aphrodite myself.
Shane rolled his eyes and shoved his way through the lovebirds, and murmured something under his breath, probably something of the usual, this curse is bullshit, Im not even getting laid.
The couple renounced themselves to their abode, only to find Shane in their roo.
 knew you hadnt done your fucking laundry yet.
