It just occurred to me that the universe started with a bang and I would end with a bang.
*BANG*There was a sharp pain in my right temple, but it went as soon as it cam.
 opened my eyes and released a breath I didnt know I was holding, Oh thank god, it didnt work, what was I thinking?I havent always had depression, it really only started in senior yea.
t first I thought it was just a weird occurrence, I dont kno.
hen I began to realize that the emptiness and loneliness only getting worse, and eventually I lost hop.
es it did I heard from the corner of the roo.
enewed with the will to live, I whipped around to the corner with my gun and in doing so, realized that I had no gun, but what I saw in the corner made me realize I wouldnt need it anywa.
here was a figure there that I could only describe as the grim reape.
here was a solid black cloak that seemed to flow from where it was attached to the body at the neck and became smoke as it reached the end of the fabric which billowed into nothingnes.
xcept there wasnt a body, there was just a black voi.
 had no way of knowing that it was a void, I just instinctively knew, like you would instinctively know that one plus one equals tw.
he entity saw that I was frozen in shock and decided to speak again, It worked, youre dead.
I turned around and saw my body lying on the floor, a bullet wound in my head, and the gun a few feet awa.
 could only really manage to say oh before turning back to the shadow in the corne.
ave you come to take my soul?No, it replied your soul is the one thing that nobody can take from yo.
ts what you are, its who you ar.
re you the grim reaper?
I askedWell yes, but actually n.
any people call me that but I am simply here to accompany you to your after-lif.
k, ok, hold on.
I said, trying to process what happene.
t was about then that I realized that my vision was getting blurry, and I was beginning to feel lightheaded and dizz.
eeing the fear in my eyes, the shadow said, you should start to feel dizzy and lightheaded, and your vision should start to get pretty blurry, thats you trav-All senses were gon.
here was nothin.
here was no time, no universe, no existence, no realit.
here was only me, and I began to pani.
 jumped up screaming, eyes wide in terro.
 looked around, and seeing no danger, I began to calm dow.
r at least I would have if the world had no colo.
verything was just black and white, the rocks, the mountain, the stream, the san.
 looked down at myself and realized I look exactly the same, except me and everything on me was a different shade of gre.
uddenly I heard what sounded like sheets or a flag unfolding in the win.
 looked over to see the black creature materialize in front of m.
his is your afterlife, it said, I cannot guide you, but I can accompany you from her.
here do I go?
I asked?I dont know your path, it said, only you know what feels righ.
aving no clue what that meant, I replied oh ok, thanks.
And started walking in a random directio.
t didnt feel right, but then again, nothing did, and nothing felt wrong eithe.
 sensed the hooded figure to my righ.
rying to fill in the awkward silence, I asked if it liked joke.
t replied yes but said that he had heard them al.
 took that as a challeng.
 tried every joke possible, and for hours I couldnt make it laugh for the life of me, or lack there o.
uns werent doing the trick, so I went to darker and darker places until I finally struck gol.
t turns out, all I had to do was recreate a vine, who knew?Eventually after what felt like years, we came to a tree with a cave at the base of the tre.
 dont know how to explain the cave, it both existed, yet couldnt exis.
ts existence violated the rules of nature, yet here it wa.
his is your afterlife, the entity said, experience it and you will be reincarnated and live agai.
hank you for being by my side.
I sai.
ut if you dont mind my asking, what are you?Im sorry if its rude to ask but the question has been bugging me for a really long tim.
 am a dead human, the first dead huma.
mmm what?
I asked, could you explain?Please?I was alive, eons ag.
cientifically the hunter gatherer tim.
ccording to the Bible, my name is Adam, but we never had names when I was aliv.
 dont remember how I died, but I will never forget what happened afte.
 came to this world that we are currently in, and wondered for what felt like foreve.
ventually I found my afterlife, but refused to live i.
or even more eternities, Ive wandered until I began talking to myself and uttered a spell that brought me back to another sou.
hy?
I aske.
ecause I was so lonely that I wanted to die, I gave up hope and the nothing and emptiness around us was unbearable to m.
t was worse than torture, and I knew I couldnt let another soul go through that same thin.
ow Ive wasted enough time telling you my story so could you just go into the cave?For a solid minute, I stood there motionless before quietly asking, Whats the spell?Youre dead, Said Adam, the spell wont bring you back to life, just go throug.
 dont want to come back to life, I replie.
 killed myself for a reason, what I felt is probably about as bad as what you felt alone here, and like you said, its worse than tortur.
 couldnt live like this, so now all I can do is stop others from dying like thi.
ell me the spel.
ow he stood there for a solid minute, completely still apart from his billowing cloa.
inally he told me the spell, and I got to work.
