All I want to do is di.
ou see, I know all about death, as I have killed myself in every way you can possibly imagine over the last 3,490 year.
ou heard me correctly...nearly 35 centuries have passed since Every time I do it, every cell of my body reassembles and I wake up...agai.
m a bit of an oddbal.
ou see, I was 28 years old when I was recruited by the Northern California Chronorium Distribution tea.
 know what youre thinkin.
es, I broke the law; I let everyone dow.
ve suffered the consequences more times than I can coun.
ou can help me to make everything righ.
ut first, let me explain what I did all of those centuries ago and why you are reading this no.
ne day, my mother, Mary, was driving to work and she witnessed the aftermath of a horrible acciden.
wo cars had collided at high spee.
ne car had stopped burning, and the other was resting on its roof on the side of the embankmen.
he forest in this park of Oregon was thick, and both vehicles were hard to see from the roa.
om was an RN at the local hospital on her way in for the night shif.
he got out of the car and ran to the first car as fast as she coul.
he driver of that car was an elderly man who had massive lacerations and had likely died on impac.
t was beginning to get dark, so she could barely make out the passenger: a young doe that had probably caused the acciden.
y mother then heard something that would literally change the course of history: a small child crying out in the nigh.
ary investigated the other car and immediately recognized the passengers as Marty and Marlene Zerki.
he Zerkins were career criminals that used to live next doo.
arty had been arrested on suspicion of murder and had spent 5 years in prison for armed robber.
arlene had also done time for elder abus.
fter a young girl disappeared in town, so did the Zerkins, whom had met their fate this evenin.
ary new immediately that the voice she heard was likely their son, Marty Jr....m.
 was two years old at the tim.
 dont remember any of this, only what mom told me when I was 16: she had decide to raise me alon.
he had an opportunity to divert the death report of a young man two years later while working an ER shif.
he changed her name to match my new identity and moved to Phoeni.
ot only did I learn about all of this on my 16th birthday, I also learned that I was 18, not 16.I had always been a scrawny little gu.
arlene had nearly starved me to death and my growth had stunte.
o much of it made sense: why I had always felt so different and why other kids seemed immature and stupid at time.
o her credit, mom was ready to come clea.
he would have admitted her fraud knowing that her little boy had grown into a young ma.
he gave me the option to tell the trut.
 chose to get my GED, drop out of high school and eventually go to med schoo.
 protected mom and perpetuated the li.
o when it came time to give patents the serum, I was offered a chance to be injected by a colleagu.
 good friend of mine worked at the FDA, and she told me that the age restriction data was fabricated, and that it was all an elaborate scheme to give the government time to figure out how to control the populatio.
s you may have guessed, she lie.
ot only does the drug have unusual side effects for those over 26 at time of injection, it had a very unique effect on m.
 rare genetic mutation  combined with the drug to create an immune system and chronetic anomaly that made me immortal at 28.The LessThans died of natural causes at the ripe old age of 230.Some did make it to 250, and today colonists at Alpha Centauri live to 240 or more, on averag.
, on the other hand, have the curse of immortalit.
 was a foo.
 have met four others like m.
e all stay far away from each other because of the myths that follow ya from century to centur.
 currently live on Io, one of Jupiters moons, in the year 5508.I am part of a research team that has made a breakthrough in time trave.
 have been secretly working in this area for over 500 years, changing my appearance through black market nanosurger.
nyway, my goal is simple: to alter my timeline so that I was never bor.
ve tried going back in time to murder Marlene and Marty before I was conceive.
ve even got back and murdered their ancestor.
othing work.
h, Ive changed  your histor.
ou would be amazed how muc.
t hasnt always been for the better but Ive tried, I really hav.
ut playing God is wron.
ve gone mad more times than I remembe.
his is where you come in, dear reade.
ou see, I can alter the timeline of everyone but mysel.
ts a discovery I will make nearly 32 centuries into your futur.
ou have the power to stop my misery and keep your own timeline the sam.
n exchange I will provide you with a time travel device and the latest life extension technology available in my tim.
ou must be 26 or under, that much has not change.
ou are reading this right now because I have made a device that allows me to connect to one of your ancient computing devices in a remote part of Earth known as Greenland...Ironically not very green?Anyway, converting my speech to your ancient language has been a chore...so crude!I digres.
he Remote Temporal Transmission device allows me to communicate with yo.
 am under immense scrutiny by the Martian Science Authorit.
 have to delay my communications with 2018 Earth by exactly one yea.
ext June 25th, Marty and Marlene will meet at a bar in downtown Portland, Orego.
ll you have to do is prevent thi.
ou have one year to prepar.
n June 5th, 2019 I will send a second transmission with the exact time and location of their meetin.
m counting on yo.
lease help me find peace.
