OOC: This is a long one but could be my reaction if this does go through in America and what might happen her.
lso this is my first post on here in the Writing Prompts sectio.
ecember 15, 2017:Looking through the channels, I was hoping that the result would be a sounding yes in keeping net neutralit.
s a frequent user of the internet, I felt like if there was no net neutrality then the world would collaps.
ll of the friends that I knew from outside from my local area being easily connectable to friend.
rom the people on Reddit to a quick check over on the alternate history forums, I could see the people that I knew from the interests that I ha.
omething though was different for toda.
s this might be one of the last times that our free will of the interne.
 switched over to ABC News to see the breaking news headline that I didnt want to see in my eye.
ILL PASSED, NET NEUTRALITY IS REMOVED FROM THE U.
 couldnt believe what happene.
his couldnt be happening right in front of m.
he worst case scenario had happened and it was right there in front of my eye.
his had to be a dream as I know for a fact that this only happened in the dark movie.
ut no, that wasnt the case and a quick check of social media proved exactly tha.
k, maybe not my Facebook feed, but my twitter feed had blown up with people that I followed also not believing what had happened over in Americ.
oing back to our home country, I didnt like what I was thinking abou.
f Australia also accepted these laws then that would mean we would be affected and our internet providers (Telstra, Optus, iiNet) could do those exact deals against Australian customers and we as a family is going to be affecte.
or me though, I needed to get away from this realit.
 reality that for me did feel right after all of the stuff that has just gone dow.
ow if my laptop would work, it was time to quickly head over to my FM17 game as at least that wont be able to be affected by these new laws that are in pla.
r I hope it wont be affecte.
ecember 15, 2037: As I got into my car, I ask my car to see what the news of the day wa.
hinking that much like any other day, it was probably the same thing that usually did happe.
ere is the news for December 15, 2037, the voice said as it showed the news stories coming from the one sourc.
 quickly looked through the news stories, thinking that nothing would happen all across the worl.
 quick search though found the headline that I was surprised to see come up on my newsfee.
nited States: Net Neutrality  20 years onThinking that it was a weird title for a story, I asked to check the articl.
his opened up the news article, telling that today was the 20th year since the bill past back in 2017.During that time the internet in America as has been limited with the ISPs battling each other to get more money from their customers than their rival.
s I read on, I saw the number of companies that had jumped ship from America over to other parts of the worl.
rom Facebook moving over to the United Kingdom to Rooster Teeth moving to Australia, it not only damaged the American brand but the control of the internet in genera.
f course, I knew that Australia lasted a bit longer than the Americans with free internet speech not being brought up until the following yea.
espite the problems though, they passed the bill to remove net neutrality and the population didnt like i.
irst, they didnt legalise same-sex marriage because of religious issue.
his was even when most of the population voted for it to be implante.
hen they passed a bill to stop net neutrality and give rights to the ISP.
his basically turns the internet into another round of pay T.
his moment though, made people snap as they didnt like to lose free access from the interne.
rom schools to the average person, the internet was officially a way of lif.
or it to be taken away, meant a loss of freedo.
or me personally, it made going through TAFE that year toug.
his was because most of the course was onlin.
ith the new laws though, it now was behind a paywall, that people had to pay to get i.
 didnt want this to be the case, why did have Australia have to follow America with this rule when they could do their own thin.
rotests and rallies were done all across the country with all of them having one goa.
o change the law back to how it was before all of this happene.
he positive was that it was working for a short while and we generally thought that it would get it bac.
e were wrong on that front as the Liberal government werent moving from where they stand on the matte.
abor though was and when the 2019 elections came round, they swiftly defeated the Liberal.
he first act was to overturn the ban on free internet access and it was a win for all of who tried to get suppor.
e as a country had done it and had access to the free roam of the internet once agai.
ut that swing of support though didnt change the minds of the American ISPs as they stuck to their ground and since that day, they have been controlled internet much like the North Korea of the tim.
s I went back to the modern day, I hear a ringtone and answered it, Hello, who is thi.
t is me, the caller said in a cheerful ton.
h hey, Sam, what is the news over there like in Canada?Any anime I am missing out on, I replied gratefull.
hat isnt what I called you for, I have called you because I have the invented the time travel machine to go back to 2017 and bring back America, he gracefully replie.
hy are you even trying, America is gone no.
ive up on that dream of bringing your southern cousins bac.
 will not stand for this, twenty years is too long and it is time to set them free from this mes.
 am going to change history hopefully for the bette.
k then, but you wont be able to go to back to this timeline as that simple event has consequence.
 know that I have to go no.
ith that, he ended the cal.
 couldnt believe what he was doing, this didnt feel like a good idea for him to change history.
