Time works differently here, this empty path that shape-shifts into what the recipient considers a dear or important location in their last lif.
 know I met this person before, I recognize the now dry country-side pathway, the dirty almost black and white filter above everything, black painted plants shivering as the wind caresses them, once so colorful and lively, a joy to run throug.
 lone abandoned cart at my side, giving me a companionship as I wait for the dim light in front of me to widen, to get stronge.
t surely makes you wonder with each ligh.
his specifically is simple, not as other as are adorned with lamps or candles holding them, different colors and intensitie.
his one, I can feel through my tired bones that's strugglin.
his person is fighting to live, which undoubtedly I have to give my biggest respect.
he orange tone of it engulfes the colorless path and surroundings, the warmth coming from it attracting all sort of bugs and insects, which were now flying around me, I assume without the intention to actually bite, since they're just a memory, maybe a memory of annoyance in this cas.
 sigh and sit down as I look at the gray sky above me, a skinny hand shaking away the disturbing mosquitoes.
"It'll surely be a long walk..." I told myself, knowing the journey that awaits for us ahea.
he sorrows, the regrets, the good and the ba.
or me, it was hel.
ooking into my loved one's eyes as I wronged him, looking at myself cry and beg, disgusted at my creator as he punished me for something I was not entirely guilty o.
y nose started to burn as I realize it's been too long since I stopped to think about my pas.
ealization also hit me that someone was staring at me confuse.
 tall man, dark hair, filled with blood and dir.
is grey eyes matched the atmosphere as his frantic breath was just starting to cal.
ow did I not notice him coming?And as he looked at his body, tapping it as if making sure he's entire, I just looked at him, the initial shock making me just stare agape."Wh...
Who are you?Where am I?What's going on""Calm down, child.
"And with effort, I got u.
ven after all these years, although I don't age, my mental state is making my body deca.
eakened muscles made me struggle to do a simple action, yet I just smile at the man and his pani.
uch a common thing, even for one that lived so many lives.
"Calm down?
!What happened to me?
""You died.
"Simple, curt, short, straight to the poin.
ou can say you get used to it after I joined so many in their journe.
he sudden expression of realization and sorrow that filled his face made me hesitat.
e was indeed a fighter, I kne.
is eyes, stormy as the sky, were telling me tha.
 could hear his heart through the skies too, as it roared after a thunder, a storm approachin.
 never said it was easy... "I don't know how it happened, my dear, but let me join you through your journey, if you'd have me.
"Silence filled the air as he just looked everywher.
 almost wanted to let out a cry as his expressions never changed, even through all the lives he ha.
he same troubled face when he didn't get to do all he wanted to d.
he same face of guil.
ven the same curiosity portrayed as he, even through his struggles, started analyzing me, searching in my eye.
 smile agai.
e always looked straight into my eyes...Taken back by the smile, I suppose, he calmed a little bit.
"I don't understand..." Of course you don'.
 never said he was the sharpest or brightest, but I have to give it to him, I didn't tell him muc.
 chuckled.
"Let me explain it to you as we start walking.
"I turn my head towards the forest far in our sight, path leading straight to it.
"For now, let's just being with your name.""I..."
Still uncomfortable, confused, probably still frustrated, he looked lost and as a complete mes.
e doesn't have to know how it is to appear here and not know what to d.
e doesn't have to go through it alon.
'll be here, guiding you, preparing you for your next decision, yet something tells me it'll always be the sam.
ou'll always go back, won't you?He nodded to himself, straightening up as he looked in front, as if getting ready for battl.
idying his bloodied hands on his now dirty shirt, his stunning eyes looked back at me as the skies calmed a little bit.
"My name is Adam.
"Well, now, if only he knew.
"...Are you the Reaper?
"A whole hearted chuckle left my lip.
uch a ridiculous name that I heard way too many times.
"Oh, dear, no, I'm just a frien.
ut you can call me Eve."
