"Hey.
""Wh- Where am i?Who are you?
"The startled man had looked around as he found himself completely dry inside of the water he'd fallen int.
he scream of several people rose from the boat that had gone over his hea.
t didn't get any easier any time hearing them scream.
"That last tid-bit doesn't matte.
'm sorry you had to go like that.
"It was always best to try and comfort the.
've never been good at comforting older people, and this gentleman looked around 66, maybe a few years older.
"Go?Am I dead?
""Its not always as bad as it seem.
ou'll get to see older relatives and eventually meet the living ones agai.
ts nothing to be sad over, its only a temporary seperatio.
o fear, no pain and no suffering.
""Why do you carry the Scythe?
""Sinners get rowdy sometimes.
"The man tried swimming, but he stood there as if he where a mere illusio.
e couldn't touch the water.
"You can't swim, let me take you to flat land.
"I took him by the hand and floated over to the nearby sandy beach just as an ambulance and 3 police cars pulled i.
n unfortunate waste of time, for them, I though.
 wish I could tell them that I already had it under control and that I'm taking him to a better home, but of course, I can'.
ts been ever so harder through out my existence to watch the mortal worl.
 could have warned the Jews and the Allies of The Nazi.
arn JF.
vacuated in the Twin Tower.
top the Korean wa.
et I can't, I've been dead since the very beginnin.
ts hard not remembering the people I mee.
nly the important or famous one.
uzz Aldrin was one of my personal favorites to escor.
e was calm about it and was acknowledging that it was his tim.
he worst memory I have of taking an escort was of a Japanese man named Shinto Korugesh.
e was a navy man and had just managed to escape on a life boat from the American fleat.
e saw the heavy planes with names and heard from an American soldier in his ship of the Bombing of Hiroshim.
ust about 4 miles away from the Japanese shore line his boat sank from the damage it already sustained and he drowned, hours before the planes arrive.
eeing him there as he just screamed knowing he could have evacuated the civilians tore me up inside more than anything ever ha.
t makes me wish more and more that I could just keep people alive.
"What's it like to be dead after a while?
""For me?Painfu.
he afterlife isn't meant to have pai.
hysically.
"The man looked downwards as he took in a few thoughts.
"I wish I had better words to say for that.
""Heh, thanks.
"He scooted closer to me just as the stairway rolled dow.
 slowly walked up there.
"Come on now, I'm sure a lot of people would like to see you again.
"The man nodded and we shuffled up the stairs into the clouds, as I looked back at the blood filled water and the mourning famil.
t was time I get some help with this.
