"Get down!
"I shout as a rocket-propelled grenade flies across the battlefiel.
ergeant Tank leaps to the ground, her squad automatic weapon clanking against the battle-scarred rock.
ragments of stone pepper my helmet when the rocket hits the granite hillsid.
 peek over the boulder I am crouched behin.
hree insurgents hang out of a battered pickup truc.
wo are brandishing automatic rifles, while the third works to reload his rocket launche.
 fourth man, a very nervous-looking insurgent with glasses, grips the steering wheel tightly as he maneuvers the truck into a u-tur.
 suppose not everyone who fights this war is as excited as everyone els.
ank picks herself off the ground, her teeth gri.
he growls as she swings her weapon over the boulde.
he yells as she rains hot lead at the picku.
ndiscriminate hollering comes fro.
he truck as the scramble to duck back i.
he one with the RPG is struck and falls out of the bed of the truc.
e hits the ground and lies motionles.
he tires of the truck spin in the loose desert dirt as the driver pulls the truck away from Tank's fur.
 stream of bullets streaks across the driver's door, ending at the truck's front tir.
t bursts from the onslaught and the driver loses contro.
e careens into a ditch, tossing his buddies like rag doll.
 take the opportunity.
"Go go go!
"I comman.
ehind me, Private Kiddo, Private Steel, and Corporal Payne all charge toward the truc.
ith swift precision, we pick off the remaining two insurgents before they could reac.
e sweep around the vehicle, ensuring all hostiles are taken care o.
 heard movement coming from the driver's sea.
 pull the door open.
"Don't shoot!
"cracks a timid voic.
he driver is met with four M4 rifles pointed at his fac.
 reach in, grab him by the collar, and yank him ou.
e falls to his knees and starts to beg.
"Please don't kill me!
"he whimper.
ank walks up behind up, loading a new belt into her SA.
he pulls the charging handle and points her weapon at the fallen enemy."No!
"I shout, pushing her weapon aside."Why?
"Tank demands.
"He's useles.
ust kill him and move on.
""He could have information on the enemy," I explain.
"Let's take him back to base.
"Tank eyes him for a second, then spits and walks awa.
iddo and Steel grab the man, cuff him, and drag him back to the Humvee, while Payne and I cover the rea.
hen we get back to the Humvee, Kiddo and Steel climb into the back with our detainee, I take shotgun, Payne drives, and Tank sits in the back on lookout, weapon ready for anythin.
long the way, I radio in our detaine.
 am ordered to take him to our interrogation shed for questionin.
 acknowledge the order and pass it along to Payn.
e turns around and we drive a couple minutes to a small abandoned buildin.
ayne parks behind some dead brush and we all climb out, detainee in to.
ank and Payne provide cover while the rest of us guide the man into the buildin.
 find a chair, sit him down, and begin to question him.
"What is your name?
"I ask."Uh..."
the man stammer.
e eyes everyone around him nervously.
"Answer the damn question!
"Tank shouts from her window pos.
 look at him insistantl.
e gulps.
"They call me... Aloha Snackbar.
""What the fuck?
"Tank growls.
"That's not offensive at all.
"I ignore her.
"Where is your headquarters located?
"I as.
he detainee shakes his hea.
 ask agai.
e still shakes his head.
"I can't!
""You will tell us, or I'll unleash Tank on you," I sa.
 hear Tank crack her knuckles behind me."Incoming!
"Payne shout.
 drop to the floor just as a rocket hits the wall of the buildin.
 hole is blasted open, followed by small arms fir.
ank and Payne fire back, but Kiddo and Steel are down, dea.
 pick my rifle up, push Aloha Snackbar against the opposite wall, and rush to find a good positio.
ullets pepper the building as the insurgents rain hell upon u.
ank tries to return fire, spraying anywhere she can see enemie.
s we return fire, I hear the back door get kicked ope.
 turn and begin to shoot at the door, but I do not see anyon.
ext to me, I hear Tank groan, then silence as she falls to the floor, bleeding profusel.
hen I see a small can roll across the floor, followed by a loud po.
y vision burns white from the flashbang, and my ears rin.
verything starts to streak white and black, my hearing turns to static, and suddenly, a sharp blow to the back of my head.
*     *     *Continued in replies...
