I audibly groaned as that familiar tune began playing on the televisio.
 pressed fast-forward on the remote several times before the screen reminded me: "This program cannot be fast-forwarded".Those clever bastards.
"Olivia was a happy and healthy child".The voice spoke softly over the photograph of 8 year-old me.
"We don't know what makes someone turn to tobacco us.
ut we do know that Olivia's mother would be disappointed to see her only daughter throw her life away for this addiction".The picture changed and I turned off the T.
t wasn't worth it sometime.
 stepped onto the back porc.
y hand trembled as I fumbled with the lighte.
hat ad was by far the worst that they've mad.
t's impact was probably more a negative one if anythin.
 inhaled strongl.
tanding on that porch, I remember thinking about how that "Quit Smoking" ad was a low point for the writer.
 was, regretfully; deeply mistaken....*(Three months later)*..."Well it got a 89% on Rotten Tomatoes""Yeah but I heard it was really bad""I think it should be good""I hope it is but I'm just sayin' that it might not be""Shhh it's starting"The lights dimmed in the already ill-lit theate.
ammy reached over and grabbed a handful of popcor.
 preview for that new superhero movie playe.
hen another for some cheesy rom-co.
hen, the newest "Quit Smoking" ad starte.
 froze mid-popcorn grab.
"We all know smoking is bad for your health.
*But* according to a recent  study, it also makes you less attractiv.
e interviewed several men on the street.
"The screen panned over to an interviewer holding a microphone up to a man wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses.
"No I would never date a smoke.
t's a gross habi.
livia is the last person I would ever consider dating.
"The scene shifted to the same interviewer but with a different ma.
 was already halfway out the theate.
 couldn't hear anymor.
ammy jumped out of her seat when she noticed me leaving, "Hey!Wait!
"I didn't matter: I wouldn't let her catch up to m.
fter that ad, much more, nastier ones began to emerg.
loseups of my teeth and referring to them as "stained".Bad photographs of me while a mystery voice lectured about how smoking leads to bad ski.
 spent a lot of time insid.
ell, I even began to smoke indoor.
 wouldn't risk going outsid.
he smoke was brutal on the furnitur.
specially since I had went from 2-3 cigarettes a day to half a pack a da.
t was probably 7 weeks after the movie theater incident when people began knocking on my doo.
 knew better than to answe.
hey slipped fliers underneath that showed diseased lungs and cancer patients on their death beds and the whole 9 yard.
ammy tried to call a few times but I let it go to voicemai.
 was too embarrasse.
lso I solely made the decision that she shouldn't be involved with m.
or her own goo.
 knew what I had to d.
 walked up the full 6 flights of stairs and stepped through the door onto the roo.
 couldn't see my back porch from her.
 took out a cigarette and lit i.
or once, my hand had stopped shakin.
 stood close to the ledge and watched the amber sun sink into the horizo.
 flung the cigarette butt over the edg.
 pulled out my pack, still half full, and threw that over as wel.
 did i.
 finally quit smokin.
 breathed in the fresh air and closed my eye.
 kept them closed as I walked off the roof.
