Creeping darkness drowned it all ou.
he piercing sirens, the shouting shouting, the pulsing beat of helicopters above, the smell of fire and gasoline, and the pai.
he ache of bones that had spent the last 27 days on a violent, murderous rampage, the fiery holes of flesh ripped open by gunfire, and the sickening desire to hurt others was all swallowed whole by nothing but blac.
o sight, no sound, no feelin.
ike falling face first into a pool of crude oi.
othing to experience but brief relie.
hen gre.
ike waking from a daydream, suddenly my focus sharpened on where I wa.
 wasn't surrounded by the noise and lights of armed police demanding my surrender, I wasn't holding an empty jerry can in one hands and a pistol in the other, and there wasn't the burning heat of a church ablaze behind m.
 was in a world of gre.
rab, dreary gre.
ot peaceful but not chaotic eithe.
ven the air felt stale and bored.
"Welcome to Heck, my friend.
"Turning to face the voice that had greeted me, I was met by a spindly man of mild features who looked, and dressed, like a small town accountan.
 hated him.
"I'm sure you have many questions but if you'll let me complete this introduction without interruption, we'll likely get through this relatively quickly.
"Before I could even attempt to speak, the Accountant pressed on ahead.
"Welcome to your new home for the foreseeable futur.
eck is a spiritual place, like Heaven, Hell and Purgatory, however you have been neither very good, very bad, nor have you done anything to warrant needing purging of your previous sins so that you may enjoy the eternal paradise of God's Kingdom.
"As he spoke, I noticed that the Accountant spent very little time focusing on me, and more on simply recalling the very speech he was giving in a monotonous manner that was quick enough that he was saving time, but slow enough that he shouldn't have to repeat himsel.
is suit was grey, shirt was checked-grey, though his hair was jet black and slicked bac.
is eyes flicked across my face to ensure I was still listening, then continued.
"You have, however, been of some level of naughtiness that has meant you're not likely to be saved, but you may be spared eternal damnation in the fires of Hel.
hus, Heck is a place by which if you suffer the moderate but constant inconveniences that exist within it, you get to stay here in perpetual frustratio.
till, it's supposedly better than suffering for all time.
"With a gesture to the space behind him, a grey door appeared from thin air - closed.
"Through this door you will find the first of a possible 7 Circles of Heck, all of which present 7 Forgivable Sins that, if you fail to be humble in their presence, you will be forced closer to the centr.
he centre holds the gateway to Hell, where you will be sent should you make it that far.
"A second gesture and a map sparked in their from nothin.
t was a city of sorts, built in a circle with high walls that separated an outer ring from the next one inward.
he map floated in front of me as I read out the names of what could be districts, named after the supposed 7 Forgivable Sins the Accountant had just mentioned; Indifference, Impatience, Inconsideration, Inflexibility, Inconsistency, Insubordinate, and Incorrigibl.
'd done much wors.
hen, for the first time, the confusion dawned on m.
hy was I here?It seemed very clear now that there is both a Heaven and a Hell, that God and the Devil do exist, and (by all accounts of my last 27 hours) there should really be no dispute between which of those two I should be meeting in my deat.
 threw the Accountant a puzzled look and asked the only obvious question:"Are you sure I'm meant to be here?
"His indifference shook and he looked confused himself.
"Am I.. sure?I.. well, to be quite honest, I don't kno.
 don't decides who goes wher.
 exist as this place exist.
y purpose is to welcome you here and send you on your wa.
f you are here, however, it would be safe for both of us to assume that you are here because you are meant to be.
"The unquestioning attitude of the Accountant annoyed m.
n fact, it infuriated me in the way you ask someone a question that they should know the answer to, yet their response is simply to state "It is what it is.
"This either meant the he knew a lot less about this place he exists as part of, or that he knew nothing about me, my life, and what brought me here.
"I'm not supposed to be here.
"I said firmly, watching as the scandal in the Accountants face rose.
"Of course you ar.
ou're here, not in Heaven, not Hell and not Purgator.
ou are in Hec.
f you weren't supposed to be here, you'd be elsewhere - get it?
"Like a snake, I reached out and cut the Accountant's voice off with a tight grip around his throa.
is grey eyes bulged wide as he truly seemed to see me for the first tim.
is frail, thin fingers scraped at my hands and forearm, and his legs thrashed as I lifted his entire body off of the grey dirt in which he stoo.
is gagging and gasping filled the grey space around us as I pulled his face closer to min.
he rage I thought I'd released when the black of death had taken over burst forth like water from broken floodgates, and I seethed with anger as I spoke.
"If this is a place for dead people, then you and everyone in it can die again for all I care.""But..
but.." the Accountant fought hard to speak through the crushing of his windpipe."This..
not a place.. for murderers.. unforgivable sins.."I was incense.
 thought death would free me from the blind sheep holding unquestionable faith in some false Go.
 hated everything about Him on Earth yet, to find out that he'd plague me in the afterlife was wors.
 would have to suffer His true existence for all eternity, stuck in a place of grey annoyance, forced to suck it up like a grateful dog that should be happy it's not Hel.
ell, fuck Him.
"Then, if you should find yourself in Gods presence when you next open your eyes, tell Him to expect the dead guarding the next 7 Circles of Hec.
've already sent him dozens of burned churches full of believers from Eart.
ell him he's only going to get busier.
"Even the Accountant's last gasp was mediocr.
s his body slumped to the floor, it slipped into a cloud of grey smoke and disappeared completel.
 stared at the door ahead of me, unsure what to expec.
he handle turned easily and the door seemed eager to usher me through to the next Circle of Heck, and as I stepped through the doorway my anger and frustration grew with what met me...##########The warming of cold steel in my hand makes me think of ice crea.
 couldn't tell you why, I can only tell you that that's where my mind wanders to when a situation reaches this poin.
his exact point is me, Orin, standing here in the desert, pistol in hand and holding it to temple of Rize Righteou.
espite this immediate threat to his life, Mr Righteous' attention is actually fixated on the figure pacing somewhat triumphantly in front of him: the purple trenchcoat donned, curly-moustache'd and sinister figure of Bad Brinn the Bastar.
rinn briskly moves from right to left in front of our captive, arms waving in a mad fashion as he adds physical theatrics to the extremely long and not particularly clever monologue he's been performing for some time no.
he reveal is probably one of the things he likes the most about his job as a villain which I think it fitting as his outfit makes him look like a cross between Captain Hook and a magicia.
y now, the gun in my palm is completely warm and I'm thinking of just how sticky my hand would be if I happened to be holding an ice cream in this desert instead.
"You see, you _"heroes"_ seem to think you run this town but I..I, Bad Brinn, am here to prove that the very opposite is true.
"I've tuned in again on what's happening immediately around m.
t was an accident, yet now surprised to note that Brinn doesn't use "the Bastard" part of his evil monike.
 wonder why that is?Maybe I just made it up, I'm not sur.
e and I have been together for nine months now and, before that, I knew of him as Bad Brinn the Bastar.
t never really occurred to me that he never called himself that.
"For far too long you and your band of do-gooders have been doing good wherever you see fit but the time has come for the real owners of the night to take the streets back.
"Bad Brinn was getting the climax of his speech, I could tell by the way he had slowed his pacing down to meet the beads of sweat gathering on his forehea.
itness and stamina was not his strong point, though neither I nor Rize Righteous were likely to complain.
"You'll never get away with this, Bastard!
"cried Mr Righteous, chest puffed out and eyes ablaze with defianc.
s he jerked forward to give Brinn a piece of his mind, the barrel of my gun never left his sid.
e wasn't likely to do much - his hands were bound tightly behind him and he was knelt upon his bright, yellow cap.
ven if he tried to stand up, he'd fall dow.
 wasn't concerned.
"The League of Light will catch wind of your devious scheme and put a stop to you and your henchmen!
""You mean these guys?
"Brinn was positively beaming, like a game show host announcing a twist that was sure to defeat the show's contestant.
rom beneath his purple trench coat he pulled out four photograph.
e tossed them in the dirt in front of Rize Righteous, cackling like a witch as the hero's face fell to despair.
"No..They can't..This can't be!
"I felt a pang of sympathy for Mr Righteou.
e didn't see this coming at al.
efore him lay four scenes that captured the deaths of his League of Light family; Lizzy Liberty, Captain Cooperation, Win-speration and The Trut.
ll images taken by Brinn at the exact time in which my gun went of.
ize's eyes rose from the photos to Brinn who had, like clockwork, produced a polaroid camera from his trenc.
ad Brinn was grinning ear to ear and looking to me expectantl.
 pulled the hammer back on my pistol as Rize closed his eyes.**BANG!
**A few wisps of smoke snake their way outwards and upwards from bullet sized hole in the camera Bad Brinn the Bastards held in front of his ches.
is face is one of disbelief, he was on such a hig.
 feel sorry for him too but, really, he was a puppe.
rinn slumps to his knees, blood flowing from the gunshot wound, as I collect up the photos of dead League of Light heroe.
 can hear him gasping a bit for words but I'm carefully placing a lighter to the photos and watching them catch fire."You..
shot him.
"Now I can't tell who is more surprised; Brinn or Mr Righteous."Yes.
"I reply, letting the flaming photos fall to the dirt and tumble away in the slight breeze.
"Are you helping me?""No."**BANG!
** Rize Righteous joins the fate of his friends and that of his foe, Bad Brinn, as I turn my back on the desert sunset and make for a getaway vehicl.
efore I peel off down the road to find an ice cream store, I carefully pull a notebook and pen from my jacket pocket, opening it to the back page where a list of US cities and their heroes and villains are writte.
ome have been crossed off, like Denver and it's Defenders of the Devout or New York and the Night Kin.
y pen runs a thick red line through the League of Light and Bad Brinn the Bastar.
ne less group of people thinking they're specia.
he engine roars into life as the last tendrils of light slink back across the desert horizo.
he headlamps fix on the road ahead and I circle my next destination; Ike Iceman and the Indiana Invincibles.
