We had stories, every species di.
hey would be gran.
is.
raciou.
iolen.
onderfu.
he story of the First was always a popular topic for fiction, and the occasional hoax, to bewitch the citizens of the federatio.
e found their eyes firs.
ncient, primitive thing.
ore debris than proper probes at this poin.
nside were beautiful thing.
rt, science, mathematical principle.
igns of a race that loved the mind, and sook out a partner in the vast lonelines.
rom there it was simpl.
orrupted by time though they were, the maps in the decayed machines were legible enough to find their home syste.
e were ecstatic to find proof of what could have been the first Navigators of the star.
e found their bodies nex.
hat was lef.
heir planet had long since moved on from their passing, though the scars were still visibl.
e... we never counted on tha.
very species of our fledging government had their representative.
iplomats, statesmen, military mind.
t never occurred to us to bring archaeologist.
ravedigger.
hen they arrived, they told us through tears and misery that these myths, these titans, had never left their home syste.
ot trul.
hat few traces their planet had not yet redacted pointed toward a race tortured by itsel.
t once selfless and greedy, violent and pacifis.
ust like our ow.
hese were no god.
hey just simply wer.
hey were, until they tore themselves apart at what could have been the height of a golden ag.
nd so we lef.
heir were the usual signs that sentient life could still develop, and our noninterventionist policies were still quite in effect, according to our leader.
 believe they only said so to prevent debat.
hey, just as I, did not want this world taken apart to study this would-be leviatha.
hey had deserved the peace they desperately searched for in lif.
nd so, we found the lessons we had searched fo.
ar harsher than any of us had expecte.
ar more real than any we had feared: They *could* have been the first Navigator.
he system known once as Sol by those who called it home became known as U.
or it was the first, but we would not allow it to be the only.
