If history outlives me, I'm sure that I'll be remembered as pragmatic, forward thinking, hell, maybe even luck.
he truth of the matter though, I'm just laz.
ometimes I think I'm just too lazy to die, a perpetual life fueled by an insatiable apath.
at your vegetables, make sure you exercise, drink water, take your vitamins, don't smok.
hese were the mantra's of my tim.
erhaps *my time* isn't the right phrase, as I'm still alive, and being one of only a few people alive, the majority of time could be considered min.
he time I'm speaking of is the time of man, the time of society, the time of mantra.
t seems foreign to me now after so many years of walking this earth with no schedule, no societal debt to spend my life paying off, just livin.
o here I a.
oday is my 900th birthday, I haven't heard any mantras of any kind in centuries; there are no more cigarettes to smoke, no more vegetables to eat, no point in exercise or vitamin.
ut there's wate.
ou could call me contrarian I suppose, but that's really the result, not the cause of why I'm her.
oing back as far as my memory allows, which is at about age 5 or so, I was told nearing incessantly, to drink water, that I needed to stay *hydrated*.I never understood it, water had no taste and I had no taste for it, yet everyone was sure tat I wanted it and needed i.
t such a young age every cognition boils down to cause and effect, almost instinctively so, but even then something seemed off; everyone had these rules to live by, though no one had set them, these nuances followed by all and understood by non.
nd yet, no matter how strictly one followed these rules, they all met the same end, they all die.
 wasn't buying it (because I was 5 and didn't have money yet).After centuries of giving meaning where there is none, attributing fate or pragmatism to what is really just luck, I think back to those years with a vindictive righteousness that is only quelled by the all consuming loneliness that one can only experience when they're truly righ.
 was right alright, the rules that everyone had been slave too were unsurprisingly what did them in in the en.
nd every day was a testament to just how right I was; every night a testament to how wrong I wish I wa.
'm not entirely alone though, there's other people out there, other people like m.
ther people who are so set on being unique, on being right, people so stubborn, that they would swear off breathing if they found out other people did i.
e all walk the earth aimlessly and alone, avoiding each other for the fear that upon confrontation one of us would be forced to drink water, to concede death, just to prove they're differen.
 don't say this as hyperbol.
 say this as fac.
 say this as the last air bubble surfaced the glass of water in front of me, almost reflecting the spiteful glare from the stranger I had just me.
'd love to embellish and say that that glass of water tasted of pride as I swallowed it, but the truth of the matter is, it didn't taste like anything, it was still just wate.
o after 900 years of trying to be different, of riding the high of being ultimately right, I ended up no different than every other person before me, and just as wron.
 don't think anything had ever felt so right.
