There are some things that money cant buy ...like manners, or morals, or integrity ...good thing I have a fucking sweet mansion though!When I secretly became the richest man in the world, I didnt think my life would be so vanill.
 mean, I have everything I could ever want and more, but I cant let anyone know that its min.
hats the point of getting limited edition, carbon fiber, diamond encrusted Heelys if no one is around to see me use them!
?Before I became a billionaire, I was working a shitty little office jo.
ong, boring hour.
azy co-worker.
nd one hard-ass bos.
od, I hated that gu.
lways yelling and screamin.
aking me be his errand bo.
etting pissy whenever the coffee I made him wasnt the right temperatur.
he moment I made my fortune, I promised myself Id never do that trivial nonsense ever agai.
ut there I was, back in that same tiny cubicl.
y management team told me it would be better if I took my old job bac.
o one would suspect that the guy who begged for his office gig back could secretly be able to buy a small countr.
 know what youre thinkin.
oure being ridiculou.
 wonderful, rich dude like you shouldnt need to hide his lifestyle.
Well, Ill tell ya wha.
 lot of people want you dead when they realize you have mone.
fter my first cohort of  friends pooled their money together to put a hit on me; I learned its better to keep your circle smal.
nd by the way, I paid that hitman ten times what they were going fo.
hoever said actions speak louder than words have never spoken to my man Ben Frankli.
ow, lets talk busines.
ord around the street is you have a do.
nd that you care an awful lot about i.
m I correct?With my contacts and resources, I can make your canine companion practically immorta.
m no stranger to revenge myself, but I figure it would be better to consult an exper.
o, Mr. Wick, what do you think would be the best course of action to make that asshole regret the day he fired me!
?
