Most people lost their sight waking up on the morning of the first day, as the event started in the middle of the nigh.
he change only occurred as one slept, so others attempted to remain awake to retain their vision for longe.
his effort proved to be pointless, as the effects took hold the moment they closed their eyes and started to doz.
s the days stretched into weeks, Microsleep ended up taking of the vision of the most resilien.
djusting to the change was difficult, but there was ease in knowing that everyone was blind, and that we all shared the same struggl.
hose that were blind *before* the change became valuable assets to their communitie.
hey found themselves teaching thousands, in neighborhoods where there were no blind people befor.
 spent my time at home, with my animals, listening to old reruns of my favorite TV show.
ears of mental health issues had rendered me unfit to work in the eyes of the state, so many aspects of my life continued as usua.
 did miss reading and, although I managed to find a few books in braille, it wasn't that simple to lear.
he small dots weren't that clear to me as someone who had recently gone blin.
alking the trails around my house was not an option anymore eithe.
hat was then, thoug.
oday, something changed that I didn't anticipate would happe.
or the first time in over 785 days, I saw somethin.
here have been stories since The Great Blinding of people regaining their sigh.
n all cases so far, it has been attributed to an overactive imaginatio.
 must admit that even I have been fooled into thinking I was seeing somethin.
ou catch what looks like a flash of light, but it quickly fades and you are reminded that you are still blind, and that it has been the case for over a year no.
oday was differen.
 saw the flash of light, but it quickly expanded to cover my entire field of vie.
 had to remind myself that I had a field of view agai.
 was amazed at how much I could see again, but startled at how *forward* everything fel.
n my blindness, I experienced my world in 360 degree.
ow, I was seeing only what was in front of me, and I noted how unaware I was of this befor.
y ears were still trained to the world of the blind however, so I found myself more aware of my surroundings than I remembered being before The Great Blindin.
ords started to appear in my visio.
t first unfamiliar, but then more clear as the image of what each letter meant reappeared in my minds ey.
 had forgotten what letters looked like.
'Do not tell them that you can see' were the words scrawled on my wal.
he writing was brown, and it had no stenc.
 looked around to see if there was evidence that someone entered my room while I slept, but I soon realized that the substance was dried and ol.
omeone wrote this on my wall a long time ago, and I had no idea wh.
 crept out of my room and realized that the sun was starting to se.
fter so long without sight, I wasn't surprised that my sleep cycle was so of.
or me, it felt like early mornin.
he sky was illuminated with streamers of light, and everywhere people wandered through the streets, heading for wor.
he setting sun turned the sky a rich burgundy striped with its golden ray.
here were no stars in this sk.
n the distance, the trees danced, casting their long shadows on the surrounding field.
ooking closer, I realized they were actually dancin.
all branches were swaying with their movements as they spun around one another and held each others' arm.
earby, the people continued with their lives, unaware of the beings in their mids.
ranslucent birds flew high in the sky and shattered against the stone clouds only to congeal and reform as a different bir.
heir chirps mimicking those of any birds I knew of before The Great Blindin.
rbs of light illuminated and disappeared as they moved through the air, sometimes passing through people, unbeknownst to the.
here were no roads or vehicles in the stree.
he asphalt and gravel were replaced with fields of grass; despite this, my feet clattered on the ground as if it were still made of ston.
 was so absorbed in my changed surroundings, it was hard to take i.
n the distance I heard whispers and, as I narrowed my eyes, I caught sight of a person waving at me to come nea.
 approached with caution, not knowing who or what they might be.
"Get in here!
"They pointed at my house.
"Before they notice me.
"I retreated through the door, and faced the man who was invading my home.
"Do you have any idea what you are looking at?
"He spoke quietly, and stared out the windo.
he red glare of the night sky cast his face in a bloodied shadow.
"You have entered the world of the dead.
He closed the blind.
ou are witnessing things you were never supposed to see.##########He turns to look at his mother.
"Did you just hear that?
"The bee on his shoulder moved to rest behind his head.
"What dear?
"She missed the bee.
"Did I just hear what?
""Your Majesty, do not reveal me to he.
he intends to kill m.
ou must remain calm.
"There was a buzzing urgency in the voice of the drone.
"The uh...nevermind.
"He shrugged his shoulders.
"I guess I was just hearing things.
"He moved to the refrigerator and started to assemble a sandwich.
"It's been a long da.
 can hardly concentrate.
"It was tru.
e had been up for 16 hours so fa.
t was late and he needed some res.
he bee resting behind his ear terrified hi.
e wanted to scream and swat at it, but he was afraid of getting stun.
e was also intrigued by the fact that apparently bees could tal.
e glanced at his mothe.
er face was contorted in a look of disgust.
"Do I smell bees?
"She frowned and started gagging.
"I d.
 *do* smell bees.
"She started picking at her face, as if there were a sca.
er skin grew red as she did this and the look of disgust intensifie.
he had horrible red splotches all over her neck and face from scratching and she started to make sounds as if she were extremely uncomfortable.
"Oh my gos.
o you see a bee?
"Saliva was streaming down her lips and she breathing grew ragged."Mo.
re you okay?
"He grew even more alarme.
t was as if *she* were having the allergic reaction.
"I need you... to go to your roo.
 can't have you wandering around if there are bees in the kitchen.
"She seemed very distracte.
t was quite uncharacteristic of her."Pleas.
o no.
eave.
"He stared at her for a long second before he grabbed his dinner plate and lef.
e made sure to point his ear away so that she would not see the be.
s he walked up stairs he heard a rustling and a crash that made him paus.
e turned around to see his mother on the floor writhing as if in pai.
er eyes darkened and her skin turned ash.
e didn't understand what was going o.
he flesh on her face sloughed off to reveal an insectoid visage with horrible chattering mandible.
e screame.
he turned to him and lunge.
oo lat.
e was near his bedroom door and locked himself i.
he was throwing herself at the door with an unstoppable rage he had never seen before.
"Wha- what happened?
"He asked the bee thi.
he scraping sounds at the door persiste.
here was a tearing sound that made him guess that she was using that terrible jaw to rip down the door.
"Your majesty, you have been kidnappe.
ou do not belong in this worl.
ou are a proud prince of the Queen Bee hersel.
ou were kidnapped as a child by wasps that wished to take control of our empir.
e must hurry and leave.
"The bee moved around as it spoke, as if anxious.
"But how?I'm on the second floor!
"He felt terrifie.
he door still held, but it was shaking more than eve.
 buzzing sound grew louder.
"Your majesty, you must shed your skin and fly.
"The bee said this as if the answer was obvious.##########The primitive create awoke to the sound of rustling birds running through the blades of gras.
his world was unfamiliar to her, and she found herself unable to form the words to articulate her feelings, though not for lack of tryin.
er jumbled up teeth felt clumsy in her mouth; they pressed against her flat tongue and rendered speech difficult, though not entirely impossibl.
ooking down, she could not recognize the hairy bodice she inhabite.
he world around her was wild and unkemp.
ooking around she slowly started to remembe.
he was an ape, like the ones she read about in... another tim.
he felt the world she once lived -- and died in -- slowly fade from memor.
n a panic, she held onto those images in a vic.
he felt desperate not to lose everything that she once was, now that she had returned to the old worl.
he floor was littered with lurid orange mushrooms that seemed to pulsate in her newly-awakened eye.
emories of The Bible returned to he.
he acknowledged them as the fruit of knowledge, and she was Ev.
he humans were wron.
he Fruit of Knowledge was not a curse given by some Go.
hey were, instead, the source of humanit.
he stood straighter, knowing that she was the first true human., albeit a primitive on.
nother one of her kind approache.
he knew somewhere inside herself that they were a tribal species just like the humans of the futur.
f only she could convince one of them to take a bite of the fruit themselves... She longed not to feel so alone in this world.##########"What's wrong with you?
"The sinewy, hairless creature stood next to him -- his only friend in purgatory.
"You've waited centuries for the chance to be judged.
"Its long fingers wrapped around his shoulder in comfort.
"This is your chance to cross over.
"The creature smiled at him."But..."
He let out a breath.
"I'd be leaving you behind too.
"The creature's sallow face flushed.
"You know my time will come," it paused and took a breath."Eventually.
"Finally, he and the creature looked at the empty void that Jaron must pass through to receive his ultimate judgemen.
o many had passed through before the.
ew returned and the rest were sent on their way to either side.
"You know you must do this.
"The creature put a gentle hand on Jaron's lower back and urged him to move forward."C'mon.
"It spoke softly towards the void, facing away from Jaron.
"We don't know how long the doorway will stay open.
"Jaron let out a final breath before moving forwar.
 lump formed in his throat and he looked back at the nameless creature that accompanied him for almost his entire time in Purgatory.
"I'll miss you.
"The world behind him darkened as the void grew neare.
he boundary between Purgatory and The Final Judgement was hazy, but one could not turn back once they entered the boundar.
he creature was already entirely obscured, which was not surprisin.
ts spirit had remained in purgatory for much longer than Jaron's; its spirit was too weak and hazy to shine through the boundar.
or a moment, things only became darke.
oon, though, a grey light emanated around him and the room came into focu.
e knew for certain of only one person that was going to be on the other sid.
e stoppe.
he room came to him.
*Three* people turned to face him, and his own face lit up in surpris.
e knew only one person, and the rest were a myster.
mmediately, his father rushed up to greet him."Jaron!
"His eyes welled up.
"I am so happy to see you again, after so long!
"He hugged Jaron and sobbe.
is father was covered in ash and his eyes were re.
aron held him tightly, relieved that his father's scent was still there.
"I am so happy to see you father.
"There was a clatter behind Jaro.
e turned to see a chai.
e quickly sat dow.
is heart was racin.
hairs appeared behind the others, and they sat down as wel.
o Jaron's left sat a man he had never seen befor.
e had a square jaw and light brown stubbl.
is hair grew wil.
is father was to his right and in between them sat a wide-eyed adolescen.
he atmosphere change.
aron lost the ability to speak and each individuals' eyes started to glow softly in the muted ligh.
is father spoke first.
"You left me.
"His voice reverberated across the room, which had no boundary.
"For years, I tried to maintain contact with you, but I was met with silence.
"Tears streamed down his face faste.
he ash that covered him ran down as well, revealing fresh skin underneath.
"I was alone for years without you.
"His voice echoed for several long seconds, and Jaron's voice came, unbidden, from his mout.
e was speaking the truth and could not prevent himself from doing so.
"You were an awful father.
"Anger found its way into his voice.
"You stole my sister's pain medication when she got out of surgery.
"Memories of her accident came to min.
e remembered her wailing in pain after the medication went missin.
e remembered the small tap on the door, followed by a revving engine, when he opened the door and saw the bottle on the floor with not so much as a single dose of her medication and some half-assed excuse for why he took it.
"You left her to suffer to satisfy your own addiction.
"His eyes hardene.
he joy of seeing a familiar face from just moments ago had vanishe.
e remembered why he hated him.
"You only lived for yourself."
