Immortality isn't what everyone believes it i.
ou can't escape death - not in the way people thin.
rust me, I've tried - I've lived through the ages and every time I glance myself in the mirror there's a new line on my face, more grey in my hai.
oesn't matter if I'm going backwards or forwards - time still passe.
 don't know when I first met Arthur - likely I'd come across him many times before I realised it was the same person I was talking t.
e's different every time, you se.
ell, in appearance, at least - though sometimes only minutely - but in all the ways that matter, he's still *Arthur*.Still loud and brash, arrogant but with the kindest heart I've ever come acros.
 should have realised sooner - somehow his grin always quirks the exact same way, and his eyes flash with the same knowing glint no matter the shad.
he first time I *remember* meeting him - and knowing for certain, in hindsight, that it was him - it was 1998.He was working as a nurse in the most run down hospital I had ever had the misfortune to step into, and he flashed me a harried grin as he rushed through his introduction, efficiently cleaning and stitching the gash along my han.
 remember a flash of recognition settling into my stomach as I met his (then blue) eyes, and I had known in that instant that, somehow, I knew hi.
t was only a few months later in 1859 that I spotted him talking on a street corner in New York city, a handful of people loitering around listening to him speak out against the latest taxation problems (some things never change, no matter the year).I stopped and joined the small gathering, and he smiled when he caught my eye - his eyes were brown and he was shorter, but it was undeniably *him*.When all the others had wandered away, I stayed, and he greeted me with a handshake, his hand warm in mine as he introduced himself agai.
e still does that - no matter the year, it's always the sam.
 brief handshake, a gri.
is name.
(that changes sometimes, as well - I'll never let him live down the lifetime he went as *Archibald*.He bears my teasing with good-natured grumbling.
)"So, have you been here before?
"He ask.
e asks that quite often as well - I don't know wh.
o matter my answer he catches me up - tells me what's happening, what to look out for, things and people of interes.
ometimes we go our separate ways immediatel.
ometimes he takes me out for dinner, and we catch u.
ver time we've discussed everything under the sun - politics, religion, romance, food, travel (that last one certainly took more time than the other, more mundane subjects).But in all the lives he's lead and in all the time I've experienced, he won't tell me when *he* first met *me*.His eyes go sad around the corners and he changes the subject quickl.
rthur is not what I would call subtle - I doubt he ever has been or ever will b.
is eyes follow the canyons time has carved onto my fac.
is hands, in some lifetimes, card through my slowly greying hair with something like fea.
n the 60s (1860's, that is) his hands are distant and carefu.
n the 2060's they're greedy and reveren.
ome lifetimes he doesn't kiss m.
ome life times, he doe.
ome life times, he has a wife and childre.
ome life times, we miss each other by weeks, and I'll find his name in the obituarie.
ime passe.
ack or forward, it passe.
e never checks how old I am when we find each othe.
rthur has lived more lifetimes than I can imagine, and I have seen more of time than I ever thought possibl.
y hair grey.
he lines on my face deepe.
rthur watches, and in every lifetime his eyes hold the same knowing glin.
o one can escape death and immortality isn't rea.
ot in the way you think.
