I am that which is because it isn't, I am the void that encompasses everythin.
'm not usually this grandiose but I believe I severely overestimated how grounded they kept me, all those souls I encountered, roughly 1 every 5 seconds coming to me exiting this world and a new soul being granted a shell every 3 second.
hese days I'm lucky to find a soul a week and births have become so exceedingly rare that I sometimes wonder if I will revert soo.
ou see something like me is sustained by the passing of that rare electromagnetism called the sou.
ll creatures have one and every time they pass it filters through me and spins the appropriate wheel and keeps the appropriate gears turnin.
y evolution to this point was mainly predicated on the fact that the human psyche has influenced me so much that I've become somewhat human myself, At least my mind but now I can feel the souls of the bugs outweighing the human and somewhere in my deepest recesses I feel a clacking,chittering growing mind, barely aware but learnin.
f something doesn't change I fear I will become an unthinking abstract agai.
oday I was seen by a man with a chil.
y mind is beginning to regress, they shouldn't have saw me at all but it's hard to keep focus when the chatter inside gets this lou.
 suppose that could also explain what happened nex.
he man begged for water and hel.
 am death, I am the Malachhamavet, I have watched so many souls beg for anything imaginable within the human experience, I never helped any of them save for the way I universally would and could anyway by touch of my embrace and that sweet ending they so often expect to come with a bang when the reality could barely be called a whispe.
 was never cruel, I was never kind, I was the true neutral and I went back on millennia of no interference for this one man and one chil.
he small canteens of water saved them from this deser.
verywhere is a desert now I suppose since they dropped their bombs on each othe.
hen he asked my name I did not lie and he only thought I was half crazy for saying such a thin.
hree days later he came to me with a question, I know such things are important to humans so these were called henry and Diane respectivel.
enry asked me "how I had so much water when I carried no bag or gear on my person.
"I told him" he already knew the answer" Henry responded in a queer way, he broke down on his knees crying which greatly upset his tiny companio.
enry said " if you can do that than why don't you help?
!What's stopping you?If God gave a fuck wouldn't he be here too?
!Please if anything happens to me take care of Dian.
he's got no one besides me.
"I looked over to the small one named Diane and I made a confession.
"As long as you remain in my company you will not die, nor can harm be done to either of you.
"Henry stopped crying for the first time in minutes after hearing tha.
e just stared and said " thank you, thank you, thank you.
"I lost count of how many times he said it and I felt a feeling of pity for these creatures as they lay here dirty and half mad from my revelation.
 needed a moment to myself so I went to a nearby hill to gaze out to the wastes before me not so unlike the void from which I myself was birthe.
hat's when I heard the shot.
hree humans, two males and a female had entered our camp which sadly consisted of some simple sheet metal arranged in a box and a Fir.
hat was when I felt the two souls sublimate into my being but I put them back in their shells and in but a moment I found myself face to face with the three that had tried to cheat death out of his compan.
 felt it may be counterproductive to reap the three so instead I simply reached into their minds and left them as blank shell.
arionettes really now, hollowed out and ready to receive what will be give.
 did another thing for the first time I had once sworn I never woul.
 brought three souls bac.
he mother of Diane, one of Henry's brothers and a random decent soul I found screaming in the voi.
he reunion was a strange one filled with my speaking of how they were back as much as it was filled with tears of happy reunio.
omething else too, Henry's brother and the one I found screaming felt incomplete and soon expressed wh.
hey missed the others they'd lost and in that moment I found myself missing the ones gone more and mor.
fter much thought I'd decided I would find indecent souls and reap them but do what I did here and replace them with the decent ones that were lost or in time find a way to create life mysel.
iane has grown on me tremendously, I fear what my presence does to these beings though and fear my acts repercussions on them even mor.
hey've taken to proclaiming me their God, a titles neither want nor can accept, Diane has taken to calling me life and that makes me feel the emotion of joy more than it shoul.
hat's why I've decided once it's built up enough to continue on its own, this new society, new humanity we are building is stained by my touch will be rid of m.
ince I cannot die being an abstract entity and all I will divide myself amongst the remainder of life on this planet and universe with the majority of myself inhabiting henry and Dian.
here were always meant to be two of u.
ven abstracts know loneliness once they gain sentienc.
yself and the one called God were such once, she so beautiful that even now I see her in every facet of creatio.
he Big Bang they speak of was her death, a necessity for this universe being bor.
he split herself into everything, that was the moment I lost my ligh.
ll the stars born from her could not begin to equal what I saw and felt with her and so I will sacrifice myself to save her creatio.
y recent actions have made clear I cannot simply watch anymore and the kind of power that resides in me will eventually SnapBack and do as much bad as good I have accomplished in an effort to balance the scales.
"This is the only answer Diane, you know everything I do, you are everything I a.
ou are the new scales, the new balance."
