It was the first time he didn't know what to d.
lon thought of everything.-Two Days Prior- "007, I have a mission for yo.
t shouldn't be too hard for you, being who you are," M said to Bond.
"With us by your side, we can show the world what Musk is really up to.
""Alright, I'll take the mission.
"Bond said to her.
"I've faced much worse in my day, he can't be worse than what I've already faced.
"He went to Q to get his new toy.
nce at Q's lab, Bond asked him to show him what he'll be using.
"Well, you can't get through his house without this radiation dampene.
t makes it so nothing can see you through any spectrum of light or radiatio.
he only downside is that once you put it on, we can't contact you, or see where you ar.
e careful with thi.
nother one is this laser pen, a classi.
t's laser is invisible to the naked eye, making it harder to detec.
ut of course, if those fail, you'll have a miniature EMP, designed to affect an area of 2 square miles, enough to take out his whole house at onc.
nd once you do that, you'll have guns built into your suit to defend yourself and take out Elon, only if necessar.
eep him alive.
"Bond asked, "When will I be leaving?
"Q responded,"In about 45 minutes, enough to get through London traffic at this hour.
"Bond got to Heathrow, and got on a non-stop private flight to San Francisc.
n the way, he went over the plan agai.
e would sneak through the back window on the 2nd floor to get in, turn on the radiation dampener, then proceed to Musk's back room, containing plans for world obliteratio.
e would get through with the laser pen, and grab the plan.
fter that, he would get ou.
imple as tha.
nce he got to Elon's house, he got in without any issue.
ut that's where the plan fell apar.
e put on the dampener, but it failed to turn o.
e tried again, but to no avai.
ut of the inky black, came a familiar voice; it's owner quite well known.
"I'm surprised you would come at this time of night, M.
on.
 was about to go to bed, to.
ell, no matte.
his will only take a couple minutes," Musk said to Bond, with a wry grin on his fac.
ond pulled out his laser pen, but that didn't work either.
"You see, M.
ond, I expected you'd bring your toys, so I brought min.
 put a small electric field where I knew you'd come in, that would permanently fry all of your gadget.
 also brought my flamethrower, in case you tried fighting bac.
ut I don't think that's going to happen.
Bond felt a blow on the back of his head, and fell unconsciou.
e woke up, not knowing where he was, but he felt as if gravity was tilted just a littl.
e opened his eyes, only to see the inside of a red car, a Tesla Roadster, that was inside a circular building.
"Of course" thought Bon.
ut it got wors.
e looked down, and saw that he was in a spacesui.
e immediately realized what was actually happenin.
ut before he could think on how to escape, Elon stepped beside him.
"Well, good afternoon, M.
on.
 hope you had a good flight her.
e had to get you all the way to Cape Canaveral, after all.
"Bond looked for anything on him, but couldn't come up with somethin.
lon noticed this, and said "You can't get out of there, Bon.
 made sure we got rid of everything that you had, to make sure you wouldn't escape, including those guns on your cufflink.
 also added some reinforcement to the suit, so you couldn't break it apar.
he last thing you'll ever hear is David Bowie's Starman, mixed with the cheers of millions, cheering for your demis.
ave a safe flight!
"Elon walked out of the room, at which point Bond realized what was about to happe.
ut by then, it was already too lat.
he rocket was going up in just 4 minute.
e tried, but he knew this was the end of the line.
"He thought of everything," Bond whispered to himsel.
he rocket blasted of.
ond was thrust into the back of his sea.
e knew he had to act no.
e got out of the car, and strapped himself to the wall.
e knew they would fall apart from the first stage in a few minute.
ure enough, he was righ.
nd there was one thing that Musk forgot about: his radi.
e sent a message to MI6 asking them to pick him u.
e then fell into the darkness of unconsciousnes.
hen he woke up, everything was a blu.
e didn't know who had him, but he swore that in all of the chaos of him being picked up from the ocean, he could see Musk's face.
