I'd known Payton was something else for a whil.
hat exactly I didn't know at first, just that she was the perfect mix of girl next door and seductres.
e spent some time actively trying to hate each other back in high school, then we tried not to fall in love so we didn't have to deal with long distanc.
t didn't work - after almost a year of avoiding it, I asked her out about two weeks before I left for colleg.
hings had their ups and downs, but all in all we were pretty good togethe.
r so I though.
he eventually dumped me out of the blue for not fixing something she never told me needed fixin.
he went on a tech cleanse shortly after, making it near impossible to hold a conversation with her because she was always busy or avoiding her phon.
o as much as I wanted to stay on touch, she made it frustratingly difficult, and after she'd hurt me so much without really apologizing I was done thinking of he.
ears went b.
 dated a few folks, had a few hookup.
 wound up going into industry for a few years before getting my PhD instead of getting it all done at onc.
n the plus side, I don't think I would have considered Pompeu Fabra University way back then, and damn is Barcelona gorgeou.
nd apparently the locals went crazy over a towering American with an undercut.
(Well, towering by European standards anyways.
)Everything in my life was going fairly good when it had happened - I was on break, getting some cash so I could ask Isabella out to get some coffe.
r I was until the guy in front of me pulled out a pistol and started yelling for everybody to get on the groun.
 immediately complied, wishing my concealed carry permit was valid her.
 heard a few guys talking, telling people to stay down or let go of their purse or to open the drawer and put the money in the ba.
 silently cursed when I felt a hand take my wallet from my back pocke.
is curse, however, was very much not silent.
"Mald*icon*," he said, almost groaning at the end.
"Ral, mira.
"I heard footsteps and prayed I wasn't about to be shot for causing trouble."Mierda.
"The new voice - presumably Ral - sounded as distressed after the firs.
fter a pause, I felt a boot poke my leg as he said "Lev- eh, stand please.
"Not wanting to question the switch to my native tongue, I stood slowly, and took the wallet he held out to me - wait, my wallet?
"Great apologies, seor Alle.
lease, take these for the troubles we have caused.
"He reached into his pocket and pulled out several large bill.
s I took them, he added, "Just please, do not tell La Diablita.
"I would have asked a question if I could have figured out which one to start with, but he evidently didn't have time to explain; he barked some orders to his men and they left promptl.
fter a moment of standing around confused, I snapped out of i.
f I was going to solve this on my own I was going to need to *not* waste days in a holding cell letting the beauracracy try to decide if I was an accomplice or no.
 handed a couple bills to a lady crying over her purse, then made a beeline for a teller.
"Tienes una puerta de atrs?
"They hesitated a moment until I gave them another bill, then let me out the bac.
earing sirens, I hoped it would take them at least a day to work out who I wa.
onetheless, I acted like I only had an hou.
 made my way to my apartment, trying to figure out who "The Little She-Devil" wa.
he was apparently big crime boss, managing a syndicate that spanned from the Atlantic to German.
ittle was known about her, but it was suspected she had some sort of mental illness or was at the very least extremely indecisive; the syndicate changed fairly regularly and without reaso.
or a couple years it went by the name of "Speed Demons" in French and focused on high-end car theft, then for no apparent reason the organization lost its name and prioritized black market firearm.
lso of curiosity, "La Diablita" was treated as a title rather than a name, and was translated into whichever language was convenient at the tim.
pparently, their activity was focused in southern France, so that's where I decided to search firs.
 grabbed some essentials from my apartment and made my way to the train station, contacting a couple friends I had in the are.
t'd take me about four hours to reach Montpellier, so hopefully someone would be willing to take me in for a day or tw.
esus, what am I getting into...~~~Apparently, a four hour train ride was not enough time to answer that questio.
or was the time I spent catching up with my college buddy Adalie, or meeting her friend-of-a-friend who owned and operated a bar and was involved in some illicit activitie.
t was early afternoon on a Tuesday, so there were few people ou.
 sat at the bar, which was being tended by a large man in a button-up who clearly took care of his bushy beard.
"Parles-tu Anglais ou Espagnol?
"I spoke a little French, but not enough to discuss such a niche topi.
specially with my mind still racing.
"Yes, Englis.
hat can I get you?
"It was really my lucky day.
"Information, and brandy while we discuss i.
ou're Marcus, right?
"He became wary, but poured my drink nonetheless - probably confident in his staff's ability to take care of me if needed.
"Depends, why do you ask?
""I'm trying to contact someone so I can thank them for saving my lif.
 think you know of Me Petit Diable?
"He paused, clearly curious as I sipped my drink.
"Saved your life?Who are you?
"Now for the moment of truth.
"Allen Garthen.""Conneri.
how me proof.
"So my name was well-know.
 took out my passport and laid it on the bar so he could se.
e studied it for a minute, then looked at me again."Fin.
f you are who you say you are, you'll need to talk to a portier - a gatekeepe.
ut I'm warning you, they will know if you are lying, and you do not want to find out what happens if you lie about this subject.
""Well that's my concern, not your.
an you arrange a meeting?
""I will make an appointmen.
eturn here at seven and I will tell you what to do next.
"~~~Part 1/2 because apparently this is over the character limi.
hoops!Part two !
