"Get the fuck down boy!
"Pax wispere.
e shoved me down into the dry cracked ground, dust filling my nose and eyes.
"If you sneeze I'll fucking kill you!
"I buried my face in my hands as hard as I coul.
f I made a sound, the scout-demon would notice us in a blink of an ey.
e crouched behind a large rock and pulled me close enough for me to smell his rancid breat.
he landscape around us was unforgiving, a smell of rotten eggs permeating the ai.
ax was a Roma.
 real fucking Roma.
is olive-hued skin was constantly sweating in the hot furnace that was Hell itsel.
e towered over most of the damned humans in hel.
is coal-black hair fell in locks over his forhead, and his heavy brow made his hateful eyes seem deep se.
e wore the skins of slain enemies, and though most of them were the skins of demons, a lot of them was human to.
ou see, clothes in hell are scarc.
he demons sometimes wear ceremonial garments in deep re.
ome of our warriors stole them in the beginning of the rebellion to wear, but it became more fashinable to simply wear the skins of demons in the long ru.
t may seem macabre, but you need to remember, we are in hel.
t makes rank much simpler to.
 warrior with a lot of skins and fetishes from bone, horn and claw will demand your respec.
 warrior without may become your next piece of clothing.
"Listen boy.
"Pax said, his voice low.
"I want that whoresons wings".He pointed to the scou.
he demon was a winged horror of claws and fu.
t had a face full of eyes and teeth and looked like a horrible mix between a manticore and a spide.
t had at least eight clawed legs, wings and horns jutting out without any sense of pattern or intelligent desig.
t was crouched low on the side of a cliff ahea.
ax grinned.
"Grab your pilum"  We readied our throwing spears, made fron the hollow bones of scout-demon.
hey were sharpened to a point and dipped in poison.
"This will show those bastards who are the real hunters in hell" Pax mused.
