Captain Kaiser flies low, buzzing the tops of residential building.
ooking again at the gadget his daughter gave him, he harumphe.
n his heyday he could have found his way to the altercation by sound alone, but even superhearing goes with age, and now at eighty fiv.
e could only hear about as well as your average twenty year ol.
is flying too had wakened with age, but that hardly mattere.
light was flight, he told himsel.
f he could get to the scene of a crime in progress while beating the traffic, he was still ahead of the cops, ahead of the gam.
nd besides, he was still stronger and faster than a base human, and many powered villain.
he youngsters these days were nothing to worry about, not like the villains of ol.
ut there were a few who were a dange.
hose like...*Scheisse*, the Captain though.
ne of the few who was a threat these day.
he dreaded Austr!CK landed in a scene of chao.
he yard was huge, and the house, mansion really, was even more impressiv.
cattered and running in singles and groups were people wearing swim and lounge wear, and it seemed all were wearing high price jewelry as well.
*Stealing shiny rocks from the well-to-do*, CK thought.
*This isn't her usual patter.
s it?Maybe... she's the one who usually tries to shake up the government right?Or was that Freyja?Where'd she get that name I wonde.
aybe it it could be a clue to her secret identif.
ould it be a... What are those things called when you jumbled the letters and get a new word?Lisa would know I bet, my brilliant little professo.
 should call he.
hen was the last time we spoke?At Mary's funeral?No, couldn't b.
he wouldn't ignore her father so long.
*CK stood in the midst of the trapped human stampede, lost in his disconnected thought.
ustr made her way slowly through the crowd, grabbing people at random, stripping them of their highend jewelry and shoving it into a satchel she was wearin.
he brown leather bag didn't quite match the Saxon warrior maiden costume she wore, but some times function must won over for.
he sky suddenly split with a mighty *crackoom*, and three strangely dressed people decedent from the clouds unto the scen.
he ruckus was enough to bring the captain back to the world, but he briefly forgot where he was or why he was ther.
hen it came to him, his anger rose.
"Now see here!
"CK advanced on the newcomers wagging a finger at them.
"The League has no business stepping in and sending people to things I already have covere.
his is an insult to my  standing as a board member.
"One of the trio, a muscle bound young blonde man wearing little more than bearskin underwear turned to the captai.
he hint of a sneer played about his face.
"You aren't a board member anymore, M.
aiser.
""That's CAPTAIN Kaiser to you, sonny!
"the elderly hero extended himself to his full height, and felt a twinge in his bac.
e fought to hide the pain and to keep himself ramrod straight before the indignant yout.
ven so he barely came up to the nearly-naked man's Adam's apple.
"Fine, Captai.
hateve.
he fact is you are no longer in the League and have no business doing hero wor.
urther, if you are so capable, why is it this scene was here for us to arrive to?
"He gestured about himself.
"Austr stood watching the encounter since the mighty boom crashed down from the sky to reverberate off the mansion wall.
ow, growing bored, she stepped forth."Ahe.
 presume you four are from the League?
"CK responded by trying to shout "I was here first", but the walking bicep in animal cloth was louder."Thre.
he three of us are from the Leagu.
his geezer has nothing to do with u.
ay him no mind.
"Austr grinned.
"I don't think  I should pay any of you any mind.
"She turned and grabbed the nearest base human, ripped an emerald necklace from her throa.
he ensuing altercation was over nearly before it bega.
K could barely follow it as the League trio bolted at Aust.
he laid them all out in a matter of seconds, then turned to face him, poised for combat.
"These three couldn't stop m.
o the smart thing and walk away, old man.
"Captain Kaiser, snapped to attention, clicked his heels together twice and saluted.
"You fought those three well young mis.
ut you will find the Kaiser a worthier foe!
"The captain ran forward suddenly and swung har.
ustr had just enough time to parry the blow and strike out with her own left hook as a counte.
K deflected the shot with his elbow and lashed out agai.
or over half an hour the two swung, parried, and grappled with each othe.
he Captain landed few hits, but allowed even fewer to strike himsel.
inally, he managed to get Austr into a submission lock.
"Give in now and I promise the League will take it into consideration when picking out your confinement cell.
"With sudden and astonishing strength, Austr broke from the lock.
"Damn you" Was all she had to say before gaining a running leap, and flying off to the sout.
he League trio were just coming t.
he satchel full of precious stone and metals had fallen to the ground in the struggle, and the contents given back to their rightful owners....Captain Kaiser, more commonly called Hans in his secret daily life, sat in his rocking chair on the porch and waited for his daughter, Lisa, to arriv.
he came from inside a few moment later carrying two lemonade.
ans looked at her with confusion a moment before recalling that she'd been with him over an hour, and had only stepped away to get them drinks.
"Thank you my little spring dawn.
"That had been his pet name for his daughter since she was born with the sunrise one beautiful May morning.
"My pleasure, dad.
"She kissed his cheek and sat on the porch railing next to him.
"I saw in the news you almost bagged Aust.
nd after she took out three young League heros.
"She shook her head.
"Serves them right after how they kicked you ou.
nd with no pension eithe.
'm glad the university was kind enough to put you up for life in thanks for saving the place from The Flaming Kha.
ave their necks once forty years ago and they have more respect than the Leagu.
ou helped found the League for goodness sake and they just kick you out and..."Now, no.
hey did what they had to do.
"Hans frowned and suddenly looked his age.
"We both know my body and my power aren't the only things starting to go, little daw.
efore the fight with Austr...I ha forgotten altogether that I wasn't a board member in the League anymor.
nd I have to use that Geepass thing just to find where crime is happening these days.
"He put his face into his hands and began to weep.
"I just wanted to prove I could still do i.
hat with your mother gone I still have a purpose.
"Lisa slipped off the railed and wrapped her arms around her father.
"Come on dad, don't think like tha.
ou saved the day, remembe.
ustr kicked those League cronies behinds and you managed to fight her on your own and win!You can still hack it with the best of them!
"She picked up the GPS that her father used to find his way to crime scenes and pushed it into his hands.
"You may not be everything you used to, but the people still need you.
"She hugged him again.
"And I still need you.
"Hans smiled at his daughter as she wiped away the tears from his lined faced.
"Thank you my little spring daw.
 don't know how I'd manage without you."...
"How's he doing?
"Lisa's husband, Jeff, had always been fond of Han.
ven so, he had found it hard to face the old hero's deteriorating health, and so rarely went with his wife to see hi.
ll he could do was ask her how the aging man was doing.
"He's still slipping away, slowl.
e exercised the other day though and I think it did him some goo.
 am going to do it a couple times a week for a while and see how things g.
ut I'm hopeful.
"Jeff smiled sadly.
"Me to.
'm sorry I can't stay for dinner, have to go back to wor.
e have a conference call with Japan in an hour.
"Jeff threw a few more things into a backpack and zipped it shut.
"Can't believe I am using this thing to go into work.
"Jeff looked over to his wife.
"You haven't seen my satchel anywhere have you?The brown leather one?
""...Uhh, n.
orry dear.
"Lisa smiled sweetly.
