Hermione's hair was bushy and tangled as always as she lay sprawled in the soft grass of the hillside beside their school, where she always hung out with her two best friends during breaks or after school; usually, they would get high and talk about philosoph.
ermione usually got "heady highs" and would want to talk about books or societal constructs, Black Lives Matter or the necessity for political activism in genera.
on was an all out foodie, and didn't really contribute much intellectually as much as he was a comforting and mellow presence--which Hermione had to admit definitely helped balance out Harry's high manne.
arry, she was sorry to acknowledge was super paranoid and oftentimes a buzzkil.
he vaguely understood that he had a sort of narcissism complex brought on by insecurity and feelings of inadequacy, but he was always second guessing everyone and, more often than not, only saw the worst in peopl.
ake Damon Mallory for instance--the kid was annoying, there was no denying tha.
 very rich (and very handsome boy) with a real superiority issu.
e always wore emerald green Ralph Lauren jumpers and his teeth were unnaturally whit.
ermione thought his hair was a bit too slicked back, he had an unmistakable "oily-ness" to hi.
hat being said....he was not the villain that high Harry always imagined him to b.
nd Harry was convinced that Damon was plotting to kill the old homeless man they called Dumbledoor.
ut Hermione knew it was only the metaphor of Damon's capitalistic ambitions that was killing Dumbledoor.
lthough, when Damon had called Hermione a slut three years ago--she had to admit she had really enjoyed punching him in the fac.
hen there was the creepy, albeit harmless, teacher Mr. Snap.
nape was strang.
e taught Advanced Maths and Chemistry--it was clear that he held a grudge for not being at a more prestigious school or for not being taken more seriously by his slacker and stoner students but, Harry was convinced that Snape was part of a small mafioso or Neo-Nazi membe.
t was a bit ridiculous and Hermione knew that Harry took it too far and occasionally made Snape get into serious trouble...but she couldn't deny it was fun to look for evidenc.
s Hermione lay immersed in these reflections suddenly Ron's booming voice snapped her back to the present moment.
"Hey, do you think if Mermaids were real they would lay eggs?And would their eggs only hatch if they were underwater?Do chicken eggs only hatch above water?
"Ron's eyes were bloodshot and his red hair was long and stringy over his tattered plaid shir.
ermione hated these sorts of ponderings because they were so hypothetical that there was no logical answer she could provid.
he felt exasperated for being interrupted from her pseudo-psychological musings.
"I don't know Ronald" she replied cattily"Oh, but you know I think if Mermaids could speak or if they cried when they hatched they would have the worst, gnarly-like voice.
t would probably be screeches and we couldn't take the sound with our human ears" Ron continued, unphase.
arry sat up too and smiled.
"I feel like I've heard those kind of voices before," Harry chimed in excitedl.
ermione mustered the effort it took her to roll her eyes.
"Really, dude?
"Ron asked.
"Yeah, remember when a couple years ago those exchange students from Russia came to our school?I went swimming with one of them in the lake, over there and I swear they brought some dank stuff with them because I heard voices---almost sounded like snake voices..." Harry trailed off, lost in his own reflection.
 worried look settling on his brow no.
ermione sighed, "And what do snake voices sound like Harry?Pray tell?
"But Harry didn't answer he was full-stage paranoid no.
is whole body was tens.
ermione felt the urge to get up and go comfort hi.
on turned back to Hermione.
"Do you think if we could hear snake voices it would mean we were evil?
""I've always been afraid something in me was evil," Harry said quietly, with resolution.
"Now I know there is.
""Harry, you're not evi.
or fuck's sake, you're on the hockey tea.
ou're the best playe.
ou eat chocolate nuts every da.
ou're a normal teenage boy who does too many drugs" Hermione rationalised.
"It's okay Hermione, I know I can fight i.
here is more good in us all--from our understanding of lov.
ur first memories of love make us overpower the evil.
""Dude, you're my best friend!
"Ron exclaimed and Ron and Harry highfive.
hey both laid back down in the gras.
he sun shown out in the warmish October afternoo.
nd Hermione thought she had the best, if not the stupidest and mushiest friends in the world.
