The one day I need the ATM to work without issue is the one day the damn thing ate my car.
orced to go IN the bank and talk to the teller is the worst when you have to say *Your machine ate my card*.The bank is a small building on the corner, usually it's pretty empt.
 *thought* I got lucky with only having one little old lady in front of m.
hat was until I saw her handful of paperwork while she gave a stare of pure death at the teller serving another ma.
nly one booth open, and I was expecting a long wai.
s the old lady walked up to the counter, three masked men come bursting through the glass door.
 turn to see them all holding weapon.
ne shotgun, and two small submachine gun.
nstinctively I just threw my hands in the air in sheer terror.
"Every single one of you fucks get on the ground!**Now!
**" shouted the man holding the shotgun, while the other two men straight out darted for the teller's boot.
 hit the floor harder then I did falling off my bike in grade schoo.
y eyes are closed, my face is buried in the floor, and I'm just praying they don't ask me for my wallet because it's emp-"Oi!Maggot!Give me your fucking wallet before I put a hole in your fucking scon'!
"he shouts as I hear him cock the shotgu.
uc.
UCK!I reach slowly around to my back pocket, and begin pulling out my walle.
efore I could reach it forward to give it to the crook, he snatches it out of my hand and opens i.
e's pulling everything out like my medicare card, my royalties cards, and my library car.
 hear something hit the ground and I jum.
t was heavy from the sounds of i.
 was too scared to open my eyes for the sake of it being the guy pointing his shotgun at m.
hen I hear him muttering..."Oh fuck... Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck" Over and over and over he's muttering to himself.
"We're fucking dead... She'll fucking shoot us if she finds out we did this..." he says to himself softl.
e suddenly drops everything, puts something infront of my face and I hear him backing up.
"Roger, Shane, we need to leav.
ow.
"he says with a quickened panic in his voice.
"Like fuck we do!This stupid cunt is opening the safe!Why are you acting like you have a gun to your head!Stop backing up, grab that shotgun and help us out you dipshit!
"shouts one of the crooks from behind the counter.
"No, you don't fucking get i.
e need to go, **now!
**" he shouts.
"Forget the fucking money, drop your fucking gun, and run like it's your last fucking breath because if Taylor finds out what we did to a bank Alan Geoffries was in at the time, we'll all be wearing a pair of concrete shoes in the river before the 6 o'clock news!
"His voice has quickened as I open my eyes to my wallet closed and infront of me with all my cards nearly piled up on each other."Bullshi.
his fucker can't be *THAT* Alan Geoffries!Not a hope in hell!
"shouts one of the crooks behind the counter, as he hurls himself back over and grabs my walle.
 shut my eyes agai.
uddenly there's another loud thud, this time right near my head.
"Shane!Get a fucking move on, now!We're leaving!Leave everything here!Fucking run!
"shouts the crook next to me as I open my eyes to see my wallet infront of me again, this time next to a submachine gu.
 look up and I can see what the crook is wearing clearl.
lack ski mask, blue overall.
 can smell piss, and as I focus more, it's coming from the man that was just next to me, as he backed away from me with his hands up.
"We're extremely sorry, Mr. Geoffrie.
e meant you no har.
lease, if you would be so kind as to not report this to Miss T, we'd be in your debt for life.
"says the first crook, now standing at the door with his hands up, facing m.
 lift my head up more, and the crool that was just beside me now has a large wet spot around his crouch, as he continues to back away towards the doo.
id he... Did he just piss himself?I look around, and just as I turn around I see the last crook leap back over the counter bare handed and sprint for the door.
"Fucking run!Move it!Get the fuck out of here now!
"he shots as he pushes through the first two crooks, who take the hit and turn and sprint out the door themselve.
hat just happened?As I look around, the few people that were in the bank were looking at m.
he old lady looked like she had her life flash before her eyes, pale and like she had seen something long forgotte.
he teller still had his hands up and was looking at me as well, and a girl from behind the counter came out from the back room with her hands still in the air.
*What the fuck just happened?
*After a few minutes the police arrive and secure the are.
hey begin interviewing people and looking at the camera footage confirm what happene.
 told the officer interviewing me what happened and asked him who Miss Taylor was.
"Queen of the underworl.
o man, woman or in between has the strength to stand up to he.
he's referred to as the Spider Quee.
o one knows who she is or how she got her name, but every criminal in any sort of criminal network knows who she is, and the second you ask about her, everyone goes silen.
eople have admitted to crimes we have no proof they committed, rather then sitting there and speaking a single word about her.
"No, it can't b.
 went out with a girl called Taylor in highschool, and she was a massive spider fanati.
he loved them more then her own family and owned a King Baboon tarantula, something that was imported from Afric.
here is no way that's her...I called her My Little Spider Queen because she was 5'8.No, it can't be.
"Do you know why these crims just turned tail and ran from you?We dug a little bit into your name on the way here and all we can find is reference to a "No Harm List" that's either some tightly kept secret, or that you're involved with them" the sergeant asked, putting his pen and notepad dow.
efore I could even reply, another police officer arrived and came straight over to u.
his one was wearing what looked to be a more military based unifor.
ike a suit, but definitely a police unifor.
ind of like those official ones you see on .
.
"Sergeant Peters?I'm Commander Alex Keple.
'm here on orders from Commissioner Davis to take Mr. Geoffries into protective custody as of this moment.
"he says as he holds out an enclosed envelope stamped "Spider"."Mr.
Geoffries, do you have all your belongings?
"asks the commander as he reaches out his hand for a handshake.
"I do, thank.
an you tell me whats going on?
"I ask, responding in kind with his gestur.
e guides me towards the door, without saying a wor.
 look around as we exit the bank and see a single black car, windows tinted as dark as the night sk.
ou couldn't see in even if you had halogen light.
he commander opens the door and gestures me into the ca.
nside is a man in a suit, black aviator sunglasses, and an ear piec.
e turns to me with a look that feels like I'm being digitally scanned.
"Please enter the vehicle, Mr. Geoffries" says the commande.
 look to him to see him sweating slightl.
 nod, sit down in the car, and the door close.
ithout a chance to even put on my seatbelt, the car takes off and I nearly slide along the leather seat into the man I want to call The Terminator.
"What's going on?Who are you?
"I ask, frantically stretching the seatbelt over me.
"Miss Taylor wishes to speak to you Mr. Geoffrie.
t would be rude to ignore her requests" he respond.
he tone of his voice almost felt like he was telling me I had no choice.
"Who is this Miss Taylor and what the fuck is going on?That's not the Taylor I think it is, is it?Taylor H-""It is best you keep quiet until we arrive, Mr. Geoffries" cutting me off in a different tone this tim.
 could already tell that was *Don't you say anything else you dumbass*.The more and more that kept happening, the more and more I kept getting flashbacks about the girl I went out with in Highschoo.
he was a clutz, but cut.
othing said fun more then the smile on her face when ever she was excite.
here was nothing in this world that phased he.
hat smile, thoug.
e face was as smooth as a models and lips as crisp and ripe as cherrie.
 remember just staring at her for hours when we first got together for coffee and just listening to her go on about her pet spider Fran.
 could tell you every little detail she ever mentioned about that spider solely because he enthusiasm about it was so genuine and pure, that every time she spoke, her words would just sink in and ingrain into your memory about i.
 remember her silky black hai.
he would spend hours after her shower, making sure her hair would remain straight for the next da.
onditioner, followed by a thorough wash, followed by a cold rinse and then finished with her straightening it and tying it into a natural bun with no hair ties before be.
hen she woke up in the morning, she would tug on a bit of hair in her bun, and it would perfectly fall apart and fall down to her shoulder.
ithout a doubt, it still looked perfect just like she had just washed i.
t was so good to watch in the mornin.
e fell out of touch after we broke up at the end of highschoo.
 was still living with my parents and without a job, so when they moved to the countryside, I was forced to go with the.
e both agreed that if we were ever to move back to the city, we would get together for coffee again and catch u.
ast I heard, she moved to America to pursue a business career a little more then 11 years ag.
ithout noticing the car had stopped up outside a large warehouse at the docks just outside the CB.
 started to shake a little bit out of fear as I look back at The Terminato.
e looks at me, and gestures the doo.
 nod softly, and as I reach for the handle, the door is pulled open before me."Mr.
Geoffries, this way please" gestures the man who opened the door._____*Con.
n second post*
