"... And to my son James, I bequeathe my most prized possessions, the tokens of the good life I lead and the sacrifices I made," the lawyer solemnly read from Dave Culkin's last will and testament.
"Yeah yeah, I'm sure the lazy git has tons of things to give...I mean, you could probably read from his mug how bad of a father he was.
"James Culkin sai.
e didn't love his father, so he didn't expect his father to love him.
"Funny you should say that, James, considering you never saw his mug.
""Shut up sis.
"The lawyer continued.
"As is custom in our society, James will, for the first and last time, see his father's official ranking, after which his own ranking will appear on the mug.
""Yeah, sur.
 wonder how the mug deals with people who don't have offspring.
""Didn't the teachers tell you?The mug turns fully white if that happens.""Whateve.
eveal the cup.
"Gaul Soodman, the Culkin family lawyer, slowly lifted the black lid off the mu.
hen the lid was fully lifted, he slowly turned the plate on which the mug was place.
ne by one, the 3 digits appeared.4...6...2...# James was shocke.
is dad was number 264 in the world?That had to be wron.
urely this was his sister's rankin.
ut then the numbers changed to #265, and James knew that he sorely misjudged his fathe.
ven though Dave was treated horribly by his son, James never lost an ounce of love from his fathe.
oth his own ranking and the ranking of his sister were crazily hig.
aul cleared his throat.
"Take hold of the mug, James.
""Give me a momen.
 need to process this.
"James felt horribl.
ut then he rationalized i.
is father never yelled at him, always supported him no matter what he di.
f course someone who stays a true father in the face of constant abuse would rank highl.
ut what did that mean about his sister?No matte.
 plain white mug would be boring, but he didn't car.
is father wanted him to have the mug, so he would take i.
ames reached for the mu.
s he approached it, the black markings started to fade, and the mug started to dimly glo.
t the touch of his fingers, a humming sound starte.
lowly, the mug started to get warmer and warme.
hen, his palms encircled the mug, and a flash of light temporarily blinded the onlooker.
ames let g.
s his eyes adjusted to the lower light levels, he smiled at the white of the cu.
hen his smile vanishe.
lowly, small black spots started appearing on the mu.
he spots converged and started forming numbers in random spots on the mug.4...5...1...6...1...6...9...0...8...2."James...
why does the mug say you're #1,846,961,520?
""I don't know, sis.
"But deep inside him, he realized that somewhere in the world, he had a so.
nd he has never seen hi.
ut it didn't end ther.
he number on the mug started jumping around randomly, sometimes making large jumps, but always staying around 2 billio.
fter 15 or 20 jumps he lost count.
"Gaul, what does this mean?I am not a fathe.
hy does the mug show I am a horrible father?
"Gaul started smiling.
"I have seen this behaviour only once before in perso.
his was with a similar man to yo.
hing is, he also didn't think he was a fathe.
owever, the mug know.
ames, you ARE a fathe.
ou just don't know who your children are.
"James slumped in his chai.
uess there were consequences to all those wild nights at college...
