I wouldnt call it a wa.
xtermination mayb.
hough Id more aptly describe it as a harves.
y the time they reached our world and penetrated the stratosphere, people sought them out in droves to be harveste.
f course, they knew what that actually mean.
therwise, they wouldnt have been so eage.
en years before the Angels descended from the sky, they had already sent what some referred to as divine retribution: a viru.
hough this virus in particular only targeted wome.
t spread faster than a wildfire and had a 100% mortality rat.
orse yet, it was completely undetectabl.
n our desperation, we became animal.
e locked our wives, daughters, and mothers deep underground under the constant shine of UV radiation and still they got infecte.
ithin five years, the last woman had died leaving the rest of humanity to slowly die with he.
y the time they arrived, we welcomed them with open arms into every one of our major citie.
ost bowed their heads and practically begged to be kille.
ome fought against the.
hese were the ones that still remembered the pain of watching their daughters, wives, and mothers di.
hey couldnt hope to survive, but at least they could enact their own version of divine retributio.
ooking back at it now, I know that the Angels planned for the.
hey wanted us to retaliat.
therwise, where would be the fun?Men charged at them by the million.
ome to di.
ome to kil.
o the Angels, it was all the sam.
ntil we killed the first on.
ack when I used to write, I always made sure to name my hero something memorabl.
f not a strange name, then certainly a strange titl.
van the Incorruptibl.
atthew the Harbinge.
ut in real life, heroes rarely have titles, some dont even have name.
hat was the case for humanitys last hero because nobody knew who he wa.
e had only storie.
he stories ranged from fantastical to downright fiction, but they always ended the sam.
e had killed on.
he Angels mustve been as skeptical as we were because they refused to change their tactic.
hey kept all our major cities and welcomed anyone to try and take it bac.
y the fifth dead Angel, they learned of their miscalculatio.
oon, we learned of it as wel.
uman beings shared mana and with it, we could do wondrous or terrible thing.
agic no longer belonged to the realm of fictio.
he elements bent to our wil.
ightning struck where we pointed, tornados formed where we stood, the ground swallowed up entire cities as we willed i.
uddenly, men stopped volunteering to be harveste.
ith their newfound power, they decided to fight back, even if victory had already been stolen from u.
hey had turned us into animals and then backed us into a corne.
oolis.
nd that was good enough for u.
ooking back, I wonder if we were as foolish as the Angel.
e, who were content with dying in our little blazes of glory, having accomplished nothing but thinning their ranks by just a bi.
t was selfish, but what is there to expect from men who had nothing else to live for?None of us had the vision you ha.
he vision you hav.
yler put the pen down, staring at the word yo.
e wondered if his letter would ever find its way to this certain yo.
hile humanity had become animals, one man had gone even furthe.
e had been called a monster by both Angel and ma.
obody knew which side he fought for, only that he killed both indiscriminatel.
f Tyler were to write his story, he wouldnt know whether to make this man the villain or the her.
h how he wished he couldve written this story, but the only way this story continued was if he die.
eside his letter and pen, sitting at the edge of his wooden table was a silver revolve.
he single lightbulb above him glinted off its barre.
 small grin spread across Tylers fac.
e grabbed the gun, its metal like ice, and pressed it to his templ.
nough humans had died where he could stop the bullet with only his thought.
he bullet couldnt even hurt him unless he wanted it t.
ut he di.
or the sake of humanity, he needed the bullet to kill hi.
ith his free hand, he picked the pen back u.
s the last storyteller on Earth, I bestow you the title of Reape.
 monste.
 villai.
ur last her.
o forth, Reaper, my death as an offerin.
ith my passing, there will be only four humans lef.
 have already contacted two of them and they will die with m.
he last Im sure you will easily find as your powers will have increased two-fol.
y then, your mind will stretch the globe, perhaps even the star.
nd when you become the last human alive, I cannot even fathom how powerful you will b.
how our Angels how fragile they are in the face of a god.
