The red pill or the blue pill, the green line or the re.
his simple dichotomy of good and bad was something our protagonist didn't believe i.
othing is ever so black and whit.
espite this idea, Peter had been following the green line for years, treading the path of least resistance and it had brought him success in many vanes of life, yet he was not fulfille.
eter gazed out his window, a light wind rustled the long grass that covered the land surrounding the hous.
eter had spent many happy years in the city with his perfect wife and his perfect life, but yet something was missin.
eter felt lost, his whole life he'd never made a decision for himself, whatever governed these lines di.
e was tired, tired of never having to try, never having to work hard to achieve greatnes.
as the green line so perfect?They say that hardship makes a man, perhaps then, peter wasn't a ma.
hat night peter gathered his resolve and packed a small bag, in it he stowed his pistol, a torch, a pocketknife and firelighter.
e stepped out his front door into the cool night air, it was a full moon, the grass pale in the moonlight moved as if alive, beckoning to hi.
n the dirt peter could see a red and green line, he set off along the re.
or hours he walked the red line, until he came upon an outcrop of roc.
he outcrop looked down into a deep valley, he could see two lights meandering through the valley, a ca.
e set off down into the valley, all the time following the lin.
fter an hour, maybe two, he reached a clearing, he waited, Peter didn't know why but he had the urge to hide and wai.
 few minutes later a car pulled into the clearin.
he car slowed to a stop, the lights still on, a man shaped silhouette emerged from the drivers sea.
e leaned against the bonnet and pulled a cigarette packet out of his pocket, he slid one out and into his mouth where he then lit i.
eter sat behind a tree and watched, all that time wondering why he had been brought her.
fter a time the man flicked the but away and walked to the boot, peter then lost sight of the man for what seemed like an eternit.
ventually the man emerged, dragging something Peter could not se.
is heartbeat quickened, the man stopped and threw the shape, it moved franticall.
t was now, Peter realised what he was witnessing, he had to move, to do something, but still he crouched frozen in fea.
he man pulled a pistol slowly out his jeans and said something inaudible, his hand was steady, a few second passe.
e had to do something, he drew his pistol out of his bag, it felt alien in his hand, he raised it with a shaking hand at the man who stood in the clearin.
is finger tightened round the trigger, he heard the bang, saw the flash and saw the mans body slump to the groun.
haking, peter stood, he crossed the clearing, pocket knife in hand and cut the rope tying the ma.
hen he turned on his heel and ran, he ran for what seemed like hours; finally he reached the hous.
is clammy hand tightened around the doorknob and he stepped into his home, quickly he climbed the steps and collapsed into be.
e lay there all night gazing at the ceiling, unable to sleep, finally the sun rose and with it so did pete.
e walked down his stairs and onto the front porch, expecting a police car to be waiting outside, but it wasn'.
ust the morning newspape.
e picked it up and stepped back through his door, he sat down at his kitchen table and looked down at the pape.
n the cover a headline stood in bold and underneath it a stor.
 man had been found dead in the early hours of the morning, that same night another man had disappeared after being released from prison that same da.
his unarmed  man had murdered a whole family in cold blood, aside from the father who'd been working that night.
