50 long year.
homas rolled out of his bun.
oday was the day America was going to join the rest of the worl.
e was excited, but a little afrai.
s an American, it had been schooled into him that what had happened 51 years prior was one of the largest wars known, World War III, and that America had been the first to strik.
n 2028, the leaders of the remaining nations had all agreed, each country was to go into isolatio.
o trade, communication, or aid, whatsoeve.
merica had agreed, and had built massive walls in the North and Sout.
hey had severed communication with all satellites, and cut all lines outside of the U.
laska was given to Canada, and Hawaii was allowed to be its own nation once mor.
uerto Rico had protested at first, but soon gave u.
ccording to his grandpa, the US suffered the first couple of year.
echnology development had gone down, with agriculture having a huge boom to support its populatio.
ost people left the cities, leaving them to become ruin.
he only cities that thrived were towards the center of the countr.
his made life very simpl.
ou attended school until 12, and then you picked a specializatio.
here were three to choose fro.
ou could be a farmer, which was the most noble and useful, a rememberer, whose job was to learn all of the old things, so when the walls came down, we could talk to our neighbors and work old technology, and soldiers, who were those who didnt have what it took to do the other thing.
homas wasnt ashamed to be a soldier, he couldnt grow a potato, and words and numbers annoyed hi.
esides, he would be one of the first to see a Canadia.
e grabbed his issued jackhammer, and headed for his statio.
t midnight, walls started coming dow.
ithin the next two days, they were nothing more than rubble, that was quickly being remove.
ddly, there had been nobody to greet them, but this had been anticipated seeing as how had caused most of the damage in the wa.
n the next three days, the American military had sent out ambassador convoys North into Canada, and South to Mexico, neither had found anything except countries being reclaimed by natur.
lmost two weeks later, the rememberers had finally reestablished communication of the one satellite they had been allowed to keep in orbi.
orth Americas whole portion of the globe was dar.
homas kept rereading the communal paper, surely they were not the only ones left?The next day, they got the answers they were looking fo.
urope, Asia, Africa, and Australia were also dar.
homas, and many other Americans wep.
dit: Figured I would mass respond to thi.
he ending was left open to interpretation, kind of like a Miyazaki film.
