I had always been resentful of my parent.
ll my life, I knew that my friends, my coworkers, everyone I interacted with would stop aging in their twenties, forever young and healthy and beautifu.
nd me?Well, my parents refused to have me vaccinate.
fter the first round of the anti-aging drug was administered to everyone under twenty-six, it was discovered that it worked best, and had the fewest side effects, if it was administered within the first year of lif.
o the government mandated that everyone be vaccinated against aging at birth--unless you had a religious exemptio.
ow, my parents are the least religious people you are likely to mee.
owever, when my mother discovered she was pregnant with me (an accident, she assured m.
he never wanted to bring a child into this messed-up world) she and my father became "born-again Christians" in order to claim that religious exemptio.
hey were among a minority of dissenting scientists and physicians who believed that the drug had not undergone sufficient testing, that more information was needed before subjecting humans to such a life-altering dru.
o, when I was born, my parents had a priest present to vouch for their "sincerity" and "piety".Two days later, they brought me home, doomed to age in a world of perfect immortal.
hey told me what they had done when I was twelv.
hey probably would have kept me in the dark for longer than that, but one of the side effects of the vaccine turned out to be delayed pubert.
hile all of my friends still looked like children, I had shot up 6 inches, developed breasts, and--much to my horror--started my perio.
nce my teachers and friends found out why I was so different, they treated me like an invali.
hen you have an eternity to live, why waste your time on someone who will barely be around for a century?I left my parents' house when I was eighteen, and didn't speak to them for decade.
 tried everything to thwart my aging body, all to no avai.
 never found a partner; hardly anyone wanted to be my *friend*.I was an aging anomaly in a world of the perpetually young and beautiful, and I hated every goddamn second of i.
hat is, until my fifty-fifth birthda.
 had long since given up trying to hide my wrinkled skin and greying hair, and the cursed day was just another reminder of the fact that I was rapidly speeding towards my demis.
 was in the middle of distracting myself from my dreaded mortality when I heard a knock on my apartment door.
"Who is it?
"I called, too lazy to get up from my sagging couch.
"Jess?It's Emma!Let me in!"*Emma.
* I hadn't spoken to her since--well, best not to think about that.
"Coming," I replied, my bones creaking a bit as I pushed myself off the couch and made my way across the roo.
 reluctantly undid the latch and pulled open the doo.
eedless to say, I was *not* prepared for what I saw nex.
mma, perfect, young, gorgeous Emma, was absolutely *covered* in angry red lump.
hey marred her previously flawless face, ran the course of her toned arms, and, judging by the awkward lumpiness of her jeans, scarred her legs as wel.
y jaw hung open, speechles.
 was frozen there, unable to make heads or tails of what stood before m.
s I stood there, Emma started crying.
"P-please," she all but whispered.
"You have to help me."
---Emma sat in front of me, face grimaced in pain as I methodically poked and prodded each of the large red lump.
 collected samples from a few--they oozed a viscous white liquid--but I couldn't bear to see the agony on her face each time I would cut into one of the lesion.
s I worked, I asked her a battery of questions.
"When did you start noticing the bumps?
""Oh, about a month ago.
""Where did they appear first?
""Just one or two under my armpits, then--" she blushed "--in my groi.
 didn't think it was anything serious.
""Were they painful then?
""Not like no.
ust tender.
""How quickly did they spread?
""There were new ones every day.
"I frowned, thinkin.
ven as a dermatologist--the Lost Generation still needed those, after all--I had never seen anything quite like thi.
 sat back and took off my gloves.
"Sit tight, Emm.
'm just going to take a look at these samples for a moment.
"She nodded, worry plain on her fac.
 sprinted down the stairs--sprinting was much harder now, I discovered--and turned on my high-powered microscope.
*Just one of the perks of having an apartment right above my practice*, I muse.
 spread the residue on a glass slide, placed a cover slip over it, and positioned it just so under the scope's powerful len.
 knew what was wrong immediately.
"Shitshitshitshitshit," I muttered as I ran back up the stairs, two at a tim.
he fatigue I felt barely even registere.
'd seen this thousands of times in my years of practice, but it was always in the Lost, the aging, the unlucky one.
ever once had I seen it in the younger crow.
n fact, the medical community considered it common knowledge that cancer would die out with the last of the Los.
 burst back into my apartmen.
ne look at my face, and Emma burst into tears once more.
"It-It's bad, isn't it?
"she aske.
 nodded, slowl.
 took her hand, covered in the cancerous red bumps, and looked her in the eye.
"Emma, you have cance.
 type of cancer I've never seen befor.
ven melanoma isn't *this* aggressive.
"She looked at me, dumbfounded.
"Are you sure?Th-They say--they say it's impossible...we-we're not supposed to get..." she trailed off.
"I know," I responded.
"I thought so, to.
ut this is unmistakabl.
e need to get you to a hospital, quickly."
---We drove in silence, save for the occasional sob from Emma in the passenger sea.
y mind whirred with questions and theories, all tangling with one another in a mad blu.
he facts were clear: before now, the only people who got cancer were those who had not received the anti-aging vaccin.
owever, Emma's case had the unmistakable appearance of cancer, a cancer more aggressive than I'd ever see.
he vaccine included a safeguard against uncontrolled cell growth--at least, according to its developer.
et the drug *did* act by elongating telomeres--the protective caps at the ends of a strand of DNA--which would seem like a perfect recipe for cance.
he only question left was, why *now*?Why fifty-seven years later?That thought was interrupted by a long line of cars waiting to get into the hospital parking garag.
he line did not appear to be moving; in fact, it looked as though there was an officer sending the cars away.
"What the..." I mused out lou.
mma and I exchanged a loo.
hen, we both leaped out of the car, keys still in the ignition, and bolted for the emergency room entranc.
he ER was in chao.
undreds of patients--all perpetually young, like Emma--were crowded around the triage nurse, demanding to be see.
hey were all covered in the exact same cancerous red bump.
ome had it so bad that they couldn't even stand u.
n the television, the news anchor announced: "The President has declared a national state of emergenc.
nyone who has received the anti-aging vaccine should report to the nearest hospital or clinic immediately and await further instructio.
 repeat, we are in a national state of emergency."
---**Note from the author:** I found this prompt really fascinating, and I intend on continuing on my personal site: [The Ideatorium!](http://theideatoriu.
om)
