It pained him to say that Adolf had become increasingly used to the attempts on his lif.
very time he blinked an eye, there was someone out to end him with poison, a knife, or something he didnt recogniz.
egardless of time, regardless of the position Adolf was in, they were always ther.
hey seemed to know everythin.
hat was he to do?He hadnt had the time to ask them, since they all had failed in their ambitions, but it nevertheless had made him a nervous ma.
fraid of his own destiny, one could sa.
hy?Adolf didnt think that he would ever stoop so low as to warrant a barrage of assassins in strange clothing and strange mechanisms and strange ambition.
e had, due to the attacks, gradually become a paranoid man, thinking the world was against him and everything he di.
e was a shel.
e was a roc.
e was festering in the stew of his own self-exile, and it was beginning to get to hi.
e had decided to become a painter in the time that he had to himsel.
is mother always told him to get a real job, and actually work, but the thought was less than comforting to Adol.
e hated being out in the open, hed be more of a target the.
o when he moved to Vienna with the last of his inheritance, he could stay secluded for as long as he like.
e was certainly secluded now  he was locked up in his room, awaiting the results of the entrance exam to the Vienna Academy of Fine Art.
e was confident, for once, about his chance.
is sketches that he had sent in were quite goo.
e allowed himself a short, sharp chuckle before he turned around and noticed his visito.
here had been no sound, no evidence of anything move.
here was simply a man with a beard and frizzy hair sitting on his sofa with smiling eyes and a calm expressio.
ello there, said the ma.
dolf stood at attentio.
ho are you?
he aske.
re you here to kill me?I am not an assassin, Adolf.
The man smile.
y name is Bob Ros.
 am an artist just like yo.
h?
said Adolf, reaching for the revolver in his desk, pulling it out and pointing it at Bo.
nd what are you going to do?I am here to teach yo.
nlighten you, perhap.
each?Ye.
 am confident in my ability, si.
 dont need lesson.
lease understand, I want to hel.
 dont need help!!
cried Adolf, raising the pistol once agai.
ve already submitted my drawings AND taken the test!The man stopped, and then he stood, disheartene.
 was too late?Too late?
asked Adol.
hat do you mean?Im afraid youre not going to get accepted to the Academy, Adol.
m Adolfs face fel.
m not?Bob shook his hea.
ou are going to do bad things, Adol.
o pleaseWhat kind of bad things?
!I cannot say Bob held a smile, resigned almost, to the floo.
e looked tire.
 am going to be accepte.
ou cant stop m.
heyre accepting me as we speak!Bob smiled sadl.
isten to m.
ou could do great thing.
ou can do anything you want to in this life that you are give.
ou can be the greatest the world has ever see.
he world will revere your name for centurie.
ou must simply do right by you, and do right by other.
ou have the capability to change things for the better, Adol.
et me be the first ste.
ob held out his han.
dolfs revolver hand began to shak.
he room was silen.
he mail slot on the door jostled, and Adolf turned to loo.
 lette.
e walked towards it with bated breath, revolver still trained on Bo.
e crouched down and opened i.
e had been denie.
hat is it?
asked Bo.
dolf stood again, at a loss for word.
ob looked at him, confuse.
ou know, said Adol.
dolf shot Bob Ross in the chest, and he fell to the floo.
ears began to rush down Adolfs fac.
hat to do now?What on Earth to do now?He thought back to what Bob had sai.
e could do great thing.
e can do anything he wants to in this life that he is give.
e can be the greatest the world has ever see.
he world will revere his name for centurie.
e must simply do right by him, and do right by other.
e will have the capability to change things for the bette.
e will change things, he though.
e will do right by him, and do right to other.
e will be the greatest the world had ever see.
itler smile.
here will be fire.
