I wake upInterestingly enough, it wasn't the nightmares that woke me, it was my phon.
t making an soft buzz on my desk.
"Great, forgot it on again" I murmur while stretching my arm to grab it, still half-asleep.
"It's an beautiful night tonigh.
ook outside"I don't recognize the numbe.
hy send something like this at this time?I'm confuse.
his has to be the worst joke someone came up wit.
 lock the screen and place it on my des.
ot even one second later it buzzes agai.
 grab it angrily, dragging it towards me and almost dropping it, hurriedly unlocking it to see what it is now.
"It's an beautiful night tonigh.
ook outside"Another number.
"What the hell" I say, a little scared no.
he people behind this really are taking dedication in their act no.
 stare at the screen for another second when an notification pops suddenly.
"DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON"Again I'm confuse.
taring like an idiot to the scree.
hen it gets another notification, and another, and another, and anothe.
t doesn't sto.
housands of messages suddenly appearin.
ll just like the last.
"It's an beautiful night tonigh.
ook outside"I drop the phon.
t still buzzin.
t kept buzzing while on the ground, messages rapidly appearing on the now cracked white screen.
"This can't be happening"Just now I hear the.
oices, thousands of them, producing an soft hum almost inaudible thanks to the buzzin.
 take one step towards the window, the blinds closed as usual, I slowly put my trembling hand on it and retreat "N.
an't do it" I whisper under my breat.
 have to go out, I have to see if I have really gotten crazy or if something is happenin.
yes locked to the ground I open the doo.
he humming louder now, it seems to come from everywher.
fter crawling to the next house I knock at the doo.
etting desperate my knocking gets harder, almost pounding it no.
y neighbor opens it.
"Look up" he said, not missing an beat, his eyes locked onto mine like an madma.
 can't look up.
"What is happening?Did you receive it too?the messages?
""Look up" he says, louder now.
"What is happening?
"I screa.
e gets angry now, eyes jumping from their orbits and face getting redder.
"Look up!You have to see it, it's beautiful!Look at it!
"And he grabs my face."No!Stop!
"I scream, crying now, tears falling from my face, the humming never stopping.
"Why don't you listen?Just look up!Please, I'm begging you, everything will be better after you do i.
ust look!
"And he pushes my face upward.
ow I understand, it's beautifu.
t's not the moon, it's the whole sky, it's amazing, nothing can describe i.
y tears are not from fear anymore, they are from jo.
 run to my house, it paining me that I can't see the beautiful sk.
 grab my phon.
t buzzes gently in my pal.
 unlock it, the cracked screen not slowing me in any wa.
 quickly write and hit send, hoping that it reaches everyon.
hey have to see it, they have to feel it.
"It's an beautiful night tonigh.
ook outside".
