The horse was rea.
ire and all, it was real, malign and menacing,  Flies swarmed as it pawed the lawn, leaving grooves of smoking death behin.
nstinctively, I realized no life could survive an encounter with this abominatio.
 feared for my soul -- the reality of which I had not considered since high schoo.
ow I could feel with certainty that I absolutely had a weak, neglected soul and that it was imperilled by mere proximity to the creature stalking my hous.
 low pulsing vibration and hum distracted me from the horror on the lawn to a slender box on the porc.
s I turned my attention to it, the hum became a rumble and the box clattered, then jumped at the door."No!
"I yelled at the door, the box, the beas.
 had never been religiou.
 suddenly wished I some divine creator to protect me but I was at a los.
 tried to remember any details I'd seen in movies and pop-culture regarding exorcisms, demons, priests -- any words or deeds that might help.
"I deny you entry!You cannot have us!I cast you out!WE cast you out!Get thee from me, Satan!Hellspawn begone!
"I was at an absolutely los.
y husband came rushing down the stairs.
"Becka, what's got into you?It's Christmas, you'll freak out Janice --" my dearest Jim stopped mid-reprimand as a cloud of foreboding began filling his senses as wel.
e got one momentary glance of the equine threat, but had no time to react before the box violently smashed its way through the door and into the living roo.
 screamed before I could stop mysel.
im pulled me with him as he took cover behind the doorway to the dining roo.
or a moment we crouched there, behind the wall, expecting the room to explode or some hell to be unleashed, but there was silenc.
autiously, I went to peek around the corner, but Jim stopped m.
nstantly I felt relief at the gestur.
he man I married was trying to protect me.
"Jim, we have to get Janice out of her.
e have to face whatever this is before it gets to her.
"I didn't know why this black curse was on us, but I was not going to let it get to my chil.
he silence persisted as an augur of ... somethin.
 did not know what would come, but the vibration had stopped, the noise had stopped, and a stillness had descende.
 gave Jim a pat on the arm as I peek around the corne.
y heart first sank and then raced to see our daughter, just seven years old, descending the stairs as if sleepwalkin.
ithout thought, I burst from the meager shelter of the dining room, past the box -- now sitting pristine on the coffee table amid scattered clutter -- and up the stairs to my one and only baby gir.
anice shuddered as if waking as I swooped her into my breast and hurried both of us up the stair.
 gave no thought to Jim as I hurried my child into her roo.
he began a sleepy complaint, "It's Christmas mommy, I wanna get my presents.
""Not yet, hu.
omething bad happened last nigh.
e're going to have to do Christmas later.
""But it's Christmas!You can't do Christmas later!Besides, Santa sent me a pon.
 know i.
 dreamt i.
anta talked to me last night and told me so.
"I held her by the shoulders and asked with love and sternness', "Tell me exactl.
hat do you mean, honey?Tell me everything.
""I dreamt Santa last nigh.
e talked to m.
e wasn't like I expected, though.
"Janice's voice became a sing-song.
"He was big and red and surrounded by elve.
e had his red suit, but no white tri.
ust all re.
ven the ELVES were all re.
nd they had these BIIIG pointy thing.
nd they were dancing around big big bonfires so huge you can't believe i.
nd it was toasty warm to keep the winter cold awa.
nd it smelled like boiled eggs!I guess elves like eggs?And Santa said he got my letter and he would send me a pony present!And I was sooo happy!And Santa laughed.
"And my Janice pouted thoughtfully on this, "But it wasn't a 'Ho ho ho' it was more a 'Muwahaha'... " she trailed off that thought and continued with a slow realization.
"You know mommy, I don't think I liked Sant.
e was saying stuff that sounded mea.
 think he was angry.
""Baby," I tried to comfort her, "I don't think that was Sant.
 think that was a very bad man, and even if he did send you a present, I don't think we want presents from very bad men.
"Janice had to think on this.
"I reaaalllly want a pony.
"Her father cut i.
 felt simultaneous remorse that I had left him to whatever fate might come and that he now stood before me and Janice seemingly unharmed, "Janine, hun, one of the 'presents' is a box addressed to mommy and dadd.
t has your Santa letter in it, honey.
"I interrupted, "-- You opened the box?""No!
"he gave a look expressing the insanity of the mere *idea* of opening the thing, "As you ran by, it opened *itself* and there was the lette.
ddressed to Sata.
ot Santa, no.**Satan**.
"He continued.
"There was also a contrac.
he 'present' is free from any and all attachments and obligation.
emoval of said present...  that will cost us one human sou.
t is between us to decide whose."
