"Believe it or not, I don't like seeing your people killed any more than you do.
"Cursing Fudge for a fool won't do much good, you know," Molly said.
"I don't know," Weasley replied, stammering a bit.
"I doubt you can transport us, and unless you have some kind of source inside the werewolves I don't think you can tell us where they're going to strike."
"I may think that the Ministry is hidebound and foolish, but I will not betray them."
"It appears to have worked thus far," Dumbledore pointed out gently "The problem is," Weasley retorted, "I'm willing to bet that now that MI5 have got on it, they've performed several precautionary measures to avoid us simply memory modifying them and making them think it was all a hoax.
"Not as far as we know, but if it turns out that I'm wrong I'll let you know."
"Nothing that isn't the matter with everyone, these days," he finally said, and Arthur nodded.
"Old Boy" networks had always been a problem for the agency.
"Religious—oh," Rope stopped before he said something stupid.
"So now I don't need to carry a suitcase around to use the deglamourizers?
"So you want us to keep an eye on his family?"
"Sorry, but I didn't want to have to explain myself to them," he said, nodding toward the SAS men.
"Wait for it…wait for it…now."
"What would we discuss during these meetings?"
"Yes, and to have exit wounds the size of a dinner plate in his back."
"You do know who Grindelwald is and what the Thule project was?"
"You know as well as I do that there's more than a few wizards and witches who still aren't sure which side they're on, in addition to all the people who just want this war to be over.
"Your family-are they all right?"
A figure, hooded and cloaked, moved in the shadows of the side street.
A werewolf lay on the floor, its head and torso pulped by multiple close range buckshot rounds.
A/N: For those who might object to Dalton thinking that the Germans mostly fought with honor and decency, bear in mind, this is set in 1979.
And he had to make sure he didn't.
As he transitioned shoulders, he saw two more forms crumple down in the light of the moon, but they were closing the distance extraordinarily fast, and...
As it is, I was able to get several copies of the transcript made and sent off to every station in Britain we have."
Bagnold and Crouch had finally gotten over themselves at that point and ordered the Aurors to use any means necessary to get at the Death Eaters, including the Unforgivable Curses.
Best not to worry until they knew one way or the other.
But he had to, didn't he?
Dumbledore tapped his chin.
For another, the Prime Minister was still somewhat disconcerted by what had happened on his first day in office, and, Dalton suspected, was willing to try something that could prove that technology could beat magic.
For one thing, they didn't much like to strike when it was wet, for some reason or another—Weasley thought that was something Greyback instilled rather than something common to werewolves, and Dalton was inclined to take his word for it.
Fortunately, they'd set up close to the main building, since its not-particularly-well-kept hedges made for excellent concealment.
Getting the government to agree to lend him an SAS team had not been as difficult as he'd feared.
He kept going, as Dumbledore's plan opened up before him.
He really wasn't sure, one way or the other.
He was very glad he hadn't told Percy yet.
He'd have to apologize to his nephew, right enough.
He'd introduced himself as Remus Lupin, and, once the waiter had taken their orders and left them alone, had begun by saying, "I am a werewolf, and I want to help you hunt down Greyback."
Hiding the fact that he was talking with a Muggle about magical things on a regular basis was quite another.
I've fought men like these werewolves before.
If you have something you can use to track me, I can point you to Greyback and his friends."
It had resulted in him being assigned to the Magical Studies division, where he wouldn't be able to do much harm but might still be useful.
Keeping the full extent of his interest in Muggle things from them was one thing.
Lavender Brown, of all people?
My guess is that at some point one of them saw me meet with him, and decided to make him the next target, to get at me.
Never seen a politician who wouldn't deny unpleasant reality given a sliver of a chance to."
November 10, 1981 It was over.
Now he just needed to find a successor with the right attitude, and to convince the Prime Minister to sign over the deployment of any such device to his department.
October 11, 1970 Septimus Weasley, still shaken by what he'd seen, wrapped his hands around the tea Dumbledore offered him as he told him, McGonagall, and Shacklebolt about what he'd seen the day before.
Of course, some of them are upset only because their fellows are getting involved in our affairs.
Our security depends upon secrecy, Mr Rope."
Right as things were completely coming apart.
Rope relaxed his face, but snarled inwardly.
Rope thought about this for a moment.
Rope was extremely frustrated.
Satanic rituals had been the least mad notion, with Conservative-leaning newspapers darkly hinting that this was the beginning of Powell's "Rivers of Blood," citing the fact that all of the victims were white native-born Englishmen—which, Dalton thought, might have something to do with the fact that once one left the cities nearly everyone fit that category, and nearly everyone who didn't was wealthy enough to afford security measures that would dissuade attackers.
September 20, 1975 "Is something wrong, dad?"
So far, he had about five hundred or so, several of which they had managed to link to various children who'd suddenly gone off to some school no one had ever heard of around the time they turned eleven—and that had taken years of work and sorting to find out.
Suspicion had naturally fallen on Bryce, who had claimed to have seen a teenage boy going up the hill to the Riddle house on the night of the murders.
That had to have happened before.
That was when I met Torvaldson."
The PM had been quite impressed by the stack of werewolf bodies, and the Americans had managed to scrounge up some aerial vehicles that they had used to map out where their magical communities hid and send them over.
The Traveller caravan had been on a back road in Sussex when the wizards hit it.
The only real bright spot was that by now saying anything that indicated even slight disagreement with the notion of pureblood supremacy, or not voicing sufficient agreement with pureblood supremacy, was enough to get the Death Eaters after you, which was losing them some sympathizers and causing some neutrals to shift to the Ministry and the Order.
The only reason they even had anybody up there was because Frobisher liked having at least some sort of cover for every contingency.
The research team has had another breakthrough."
They were having a very long discussion with the new guys about what they knew about magic.
They were the reason he didn't think extermination was the best course.
They will likely keep it under lock and key.
They'd learned from that first encounter with them, and this time the pack was smaller—only six, instead of nearly a dozen.
This is not a private matter."
This was going to lead all kinds of inconvenient questions.
This would go on for about two months.
Those machineguns are heavy and hard to carry, and giants are big, slow, stupid targets.
Vernon was...portly, if one wished to be kind while describing him, which Craig really rather didn't, which on a better man might have made him more approachable.
Weasley had always wondered about him—he'd never expressed any kind of pureblood supremacy ideas, but that was mostly because even thinking that much about something other than himself would require far too much effort on his part.
Weasley leaned back and rubbed his chin as he went through what Rope had said.
What did they want from you, anyway?"
