"Are you okay with that, Fred?"
"I don't think I've ever been this in demand before."
"I noticed what happened earlier."
"Never have I ever... put on a dress!"
"No, he's not, " Said Lupin quietly.
"So, we're not telling anyone about this?"
"What were they talking about?"
"Why is Flint glaring daggers at you?"
"You thinking about what the year is going to bring us?"
Amelia couldn't help but smile, surrounded by the love of her family.
Amelia groaned and pulled the blanket over her head, trying to shut out Katie's chipper voice.
Amelia had managed to find a spot directly in front of the fire, surrounded by her friends.
Amelia smiled at her, realizing, once again, what an amazing woman she was.
Amelia smiled at the D on the bottom of the letter.
Amelia smiled back, as she took him in, standing there in the middle of a deserted hallway.
Amelia turned around to see what had gotten the happy duo to switch their mood this quickly.
Amelia turned her head slightly, so she could look at Fred's sleeping face and bit her lip, a habit that she had been developing over the summer.
And Ginny and Hermione had convinced her to put on a new outfit.
And I don't know how yet, but boy wonder's going to be part of it!
And those wankers from the ministry too!
Angelina grabbed the clothes Amelia was holding and started going through them.
As she pulled out the cosy garment, that made her think of Christmases spent at the Burrow, she grinned at the colour.
Before Katie could answer they heard familiar voices calling out to them and they soon were joined by Oliver, Lee, the twins and Angelina.
But that didn't make things any clearer.
Damn those muscles formed by his beater training.
Dumbledore, true to his nature, already knew what she had wanted to talk about and didn't interrupt her as she gave a ten minute speech about what a vile woman Rita Skeeter was.
For a second she panicked, opening her eyes wide, but then she realized that she was laying in a bed at the Burrow.
Fred nodded and let go of her, after giving her hand a light squeeze.
George and Lee had been spending quite a few nights in detention with Snape, for stealing some potion ingredients.
He would never know this one.
Her days at his home had been filled with running and rolling around in the snow with Oliver's twin nieces that were staying over, playing quidditch and warming up with hot cocoa by the fire.
Her words were met by a heated kiss.
Hermione had just opened the talking planner Amelia and the twins had gotten for her, and was already filling in some things, making the planner shout out different assignments for the start of next term.
Hermione let out an annoyed sigh, muttering something about men being annoying.
His blue eyes locked on hers, making her freeze to the spot.
How else were they going to prove that Sirius Black, her dad, was indeed innocent.
I know what I want, but I can't expect you to just jump in."
I shouldn't have kissed you without permission.
I would have brought food.
It actually was only the second time she'd ever heard one of the twins stutter.
It was Amelia who broke it, deciding that whatever it was, it was best to just make them tell.
It was sweet, slow and loving.
Lia raised her eyebrows, before thinking: What the hell and opening her mouth.
Meanwhile Amelia was daydreaming, enjoying the lack of drama and the lack of secrets to keep.
My aunt and uncle were killed!
Now she was happy, because it made her think of Fred.
Oliver's voice was deep and smooth, a calming sound that made you feel at ease.
Remember that I asked you to keep an eye on Harry for me?
She also realized that she felt more at ease with him that she had ever felt with Oliver.
She chanced a look at the twin on her left and saw his angry gaze, which was still aimed at Flint.
She felt the anger she had been feeling over the past few weeks melt away, just like that.
She immediately felt that they wanted to talk about something, the silence between the three of them tense.
She knew the answer, and he knew she knew.
She missed the stolen moments during the day and the time spent together.
She playfully shoved him a little to the side, making him trip slightly, pulling her with him, because of their still intertwined hands.
She realized she wasn't going to let George go unscathed as well, he should've at least tried to stop his brother.
She started reading, not bothering to ask any questions.
She was all ready to say 'I told you so', when he answered.
She was the one who knew Oliver best.
She wasn't sure how other couples handled telling their friends.
Some seventh years managed to conjure up a banner with a roaring lion and some muggle students managed to get their muggle radio working.
Soon the story of how it all happened started to flow out, every little detail being mapped out and talked about.
Soon they loosened up a little bit, their kiss getting a little more playful.
The feeling she got when she looked at him made her own feelings clear to herself.
The first Hogsmeade visit is coming up in two weeks, am I right?
The hand muffled her startled screams.
The latter looked at her with different emotions in her eyes.
They spent about an hour and a half training and getting comfortable on their brooms again, before moving towards the great hall for dinner.
They stopped breathing for a second, trying to figure out what exactly had happened to them, before bursting out in laughter.
They were still looking around the room, when McGonagall entered the room, telling them to find a spot.
This time he let out a barking laugh.
Vile creatures that survive on our memories and fear."
When she pushed both of the twins aside to see what happened, she gasped.
When they spoke, it was at exactly the same moment.
When they were sure he was out of earshot, they exhaled, before bursting out in laughter.
X- Harry Potter –X They had bought some food and clothes for Sirius and were just enjoying a drink at the three broomsticks, before heading back up to the cave.
You're welcome to use my desk if you want to write a reply.
