"A proper wizard or witch would have eventually figured it out."
"All in a day's work for a mother dear," Molly's gaze shifted to her other arm.
"And I'm not an exception to my kind either.
"And where were you headed?"
"As a matter of fact, I am."
"Do you think he'll pardon us for our transgressions?
"Don't bother with another attempt at apparition," said the man in front.
"Don't go too far," she called after him.
"Granger stabbed me with a stick."
"I am, Mademoiselle," he gave her his biggest smile yet.
"I couldn't catch it," she responded, a little deflated.
"If you tell us what happened, we'll stabilize your wound for you."
"Oh," she said, still groggy from sleep.
"That explains why it feels like I've been stomped all over by a Hippogriff," he said, referring to their third-year event from Hogwarts.
"Then we get it where we can't see it."
"They're probably out looking for you."
"Try to find some rocks" she instructed, focused on her task.
"Wait-" he started, but she had already untied the rope around his feet and the leash from the bed.
"Well I am now," he snapped.
"What did you say your name was again?"
"What's done is done; you're alive and well enough to yell at me about it," she responded dryly as she stood up.
"You can add a charge of kidnapping to your sentence, Weasley."
"You left this last time you visited."
"You might want to add a muffliato charm.
"You should probably put pressure on that," she muttered.
A pained groan caught her attention.
All her spells had been properly incanted and she had done her usual walk around the perimeter every two hours.
And to Draco's surprise, she stood up and stepped in front of him, facing the stranger as he approached.
Ask me nicely, thank me for saving your life and apologize for your rude behavior and I might consider it."
Blood splashed away from it and she quickly poured the green potion into the gaping hole.
Brown smoke emitted from the tip of her wand.
But I don't have many left," she said, pushing some branches out of her way.
But reverse the tables and he'd have left her to die without a thought.
Draco gave her a lopsided smile.
Draco took a moment, flicking his eyes between her raging ones.
Even in the dim light, she could see a pink hue crawl up the side of his ears as he glared at her.
Feeling a little disappointed with his lack of reaction, she started in a different direction, surveying as she went.
God, she hated going into the lake.
Grabbing her wand, Hermione shot up from her position on the ground and turned away slightly in her step, ashamed of the scarlet creeping up her cheeks.
He brought it up high and smashed it against the deck, over and over again.
He couldn't think of another way.
He grabbed a handful of dirt and threw it at the dwindling fire.
He quickly stood up, almost falling over.
He resisted the urge to swear as he watched her exit the tent.
He ripped his eyes from her, surveilling the prairie once more to stop himself from hurtling his hands at her throat.
He turned twice, his aggravation growing and looking more and more confused.
He was warm, and to her dismay, she realized it provided her with some comfort, in light of their strange and otherwise uncomfortable situation.
Her heart fluttered as she waited for something to happen.
Her heart sank, not only were her books useful and interesting, they were her escape when she needed to step away from the constant fear and anxiety of the ongoing warfare.
Her sympathetic nature kicked in and the opportune moment of freelance interrogation was forgotten.
Her voice escalated, "that's what you just tried to do!
Hermione dropped down beside him and began untying her bag from her waist.
His eyes slowly drifted back to her as she furrowed her eyebrows.
His mind back peddled and drew the line.
It was going to be like finding a needle in a haystack.
It was the first time she was this close to him without enduring his contempt and usual disgust towards her.
Movement from the porch caught his eye and he watched as Hermione quickly crept around the house back to the front.
She called as he retreated to the tree line.
She gently placed him onto Harry's bed and made sure the binding of his hands and feet were secure.
She looked at him poignantly as if silently questioning his intelligence.
She observed the dark squares that adorned the spots where picture frames once hung.
She pulled her wand out of her pocket and walked around to him.
She took it he understood and she resumed her spot behind him, pressing her spine and ass into his.
She tried to ignore the floating blood that surrounded them.
She turned away and took a couple of steps from him, as if he were a hot iron she jumped to avoid.
She used it to her advantage and made a slow and obvious attempt to strike his chest.
She wasn't falling for it.
She would have hunted, gathered the necessary tools and cooked the food.
Taking one last deep breath, she pulled herself to her feet.
The cons were quickly outweighing the pros of waiting for him.
The surprise attack took the middle man off guard and she easily knocked him out.
The wound had started scarring over, and she didn't know how to get rid of it.
Then quickly became distracted by the buzzing around her ears.
There was nothing in this world that would make him give it back to her and she knew it.
They soared high in the air before they crashed into the lake, each one coming ever closer.
They walked another five minutes before Draco had enough and collapsed.
They were at least a dozen people heading their way.
Walking closer, he scrunched his nose in disconcert as he looked at the poorly stitched red and blue colors with both Ravenclaw and Gryffindor emblems in the center.
When he opened them again, a backdoor came into view.
When she smiled, Granger resembled a pretty woman.
With one hand keeping his head afloat and her knee stabilizing his torso, she reached into her front pocket hand pulled out the bar of soap.
Would you happen to have any other clothes I could have?
Yelled Ab from below them.
You've been running in circles with it for almost five minutes.
he asked, dead serious and pushing himself into her personal space.
