"Don't go too far," she called after him.
She used it to her advantage and made a slow and obvious attempt to strike his chest.
His eyes slowly drifted back to her as she furrowed her eyebrows.
He grabbed a handful of dirt and threw it at the dwindling fire.
She took it he understood and she resumed her spot behind him, pressing her spine and ass into his.
Draco took a moment, flicking his eyes between her raging ones.
Hermione fell silent at being brushed off and after a while they found themselves leaning on opposing walls of the cave, watching the rain fall outside.
he asked, dead serious and pushing himself into her personal space.
She called as he retreated to the tree line.
"Well I am now," he snapped.
It was the first time she was this close to him without enduring his contempt and usual disgust towards her.
Yelled Ab from below them.
He turned twice, his aggravation growing and looking more and more confused.
When he opened them again, a backdoor came into view.
She looked at him poignantly as if silently questioning his intelligence.
He was warm, and to her dismay, she realized it provided her with some comfort, in light of their strange and otherwise uncomfortable situation.
A pained groan caught her attention.
Draco had broken out into a heavy sweat along the way.
"But I think it would be best to take it easy for a bit.
Blood splashed away from it and she quickly poured the green potion into the gaping hole.
With one hand keeping his head afloat and her knee stabilizing his torso, she reached into her front pocket hand pulled out the bar of soap.
Brown smoke emitted from the tip of her wand.
She gently placed him onto Harry's bed and made sure the binding of his hands and feet were secure.
When she smiled, Granger resembled a pretty woman.
All her spells had been properly incanted and she had done her usual walk around the perimeter every two hours.
She wasn't falling for it.
He'd lost some muscle mass since he'd last seen himself and his cheeks were somewhat sunken.
They soared high in the air before they crashed into the lake, each one coming ever closer.
He couldn't think of another way.
There was nothing in this world that would make him give it back to her and she knew it.
"You can add a charge of kidnapping to your sentence, Weasley."
You've been running in circles with it for almost five minutes.
They were at least a dozen people heading their way.
It was going to be like finding a needle in a haystack.
"If you tell us what happened, we'll stabilize your wound for you."
She conjured two ropes before shoving her wand into her pocket and proceeding to awkwardly tie his arms behind his back and his legs together.
Figuring it was as good a time as any, Draco made an entrance, leaning off the wall and taking a couple of steps into the room.
Hermione craned her head to look inside.
"I am, Mademoiselle," he gave her his biggest smile yet.
She would have hunted, gathered the necessary tools and cooked the food.
"You should probably put pressure on that," she muttered.
Then quickly became distracted by the buzzing around her ears.
"Do you think he'll pardon us for our transgressions?
"Try to find some rocks" she instructed, focused on her task.
"They're probably out looking for you."
"A proper wizard or witch would have eventually figured it out."
Draco gave her a lopsided smile.
He brought it up high and smashed it against the deck, over and over again.
The wound had started scarring over, and she didn't know how to get rid of it.
The man took a couple of heavy steps beside Hermione to look at Draco, who took his hand off to show him the bleed.
He needed to get out of here.
"That explains why it feels like I've been stomped all over by a Hippogriff," he said, referring to their third-year event from Hogwarts.
"Then we get it where we can't see it."
Her eyes returned to the fire, where she contemplated her next action.
"I couldn't catch it," she responded, a little deflated.
Her heart fluttered as she waited for something to happen.
Hermione dropped down beside him and began untying her bag from her waist.
And to Draco's surprise, she stood up and stepped in front of him, facing the stranger as he approached.
She tried to ignore the floating blood that surrounded them.
His breath hovering in the air like smoke before eventually dissipating.
But reverse the tables and he'd have left her to die without a thought.
Let me know what you think :) - Your friendly Canadian.
She pulled her wand out of her pocket and walked around to him.
They walked another five minutes before Draco had enough and collapsed.
His mind back peddled and drew the line.
The cons were quickly outweighing the pros of waiting for him.
"Don't bother with another attempt at apparition," said the man in front.
"All in a day's work for a mother dear," Molly's gaze shifted to her other arm.
"What's done is done; you're alive and well enough to yell at me about it," she responded dryly as she stood up.
"You might want to add a muffliato charm.
She observed the dark squares that adorned the spots where picture frames once hung.
"You left this last time you visited."
The surprise attack took the middle man off guard and she easily knocked him out.
"And where were you headed?"
Movement from the porch caught his eye and he watched as Hermione quickly crept around the house back to the front.
He quickly stood up, almost falling over.
Her sympathetic nature kicked in and the opportune moment of freelance interrogation was forgotten.
"And I'm not an exception to my kind either.
Even in the dim light, she could see a pink hue crawl up the side of his ears as he glared at her.
God, she hated going into the lake.
They had run for what seemed hours and she could feel it taking a toll on her.
He ripped his eyes from her, surveilling the prairie once more to stop himself from hurtling his hands at her throat.
Would you happen to have any other clothes I could have?
"As a matter of fact, I am."
"What did you say your name was again?"
She turned away and took a couple of steps from him, as if he were a hot iron she jumped to avoid.
However, he remained seated and silent all afternoon.
Her heart sank, not only were her books useful and interesting, they were her escape when she needed to step away from the constant fear and anxiety of the ongoing warfare.
Feeling a little disappointed with his lack of reaction, she started in a different direction, surveying as she went.
"Wait-" he started, but she had already untied the rope around his feet and the leash from the bed.
Ask me nicely, thank me for saving your life and apologize for your rude behavior and I might consider it."
"Yes I am, but my friend here needs some help," she said, looking back to Draco who looked like he was about to throw a hissy fit, "can you help us?"
Taking one last deep breath, she pulled herself to her feet.
But I don't have many left," she said, pushing some branches out of her way.
Grabbing her wand, Hermione shot up from her position on the ground and turned away slightly in her step, ashamed of the scarlet creeping up her cheeks.
"Oh," she said, still groggy from sleep.
Walking closer, he scrunched his nose in disconcert as he looked at the poorly stitched red and blue colors with both Ravenclaw and Gryffindor emblems in the center.
Her voice escalated, "that's what you just tried to do!
"Granger stabbed me with a stick."
He resisted the urge to swear as he watched her exit the tent.
