She also realized that she felt more at ease with him that she had ever felt with Oliver.
Soon they loosened up a little bit, their kiss getting a little more playful.
Angelina grabbed the clothes Amelia was holding and started going through them.
The latter looked at her with different emotions in her eyes.
As you can see, I am starting to get over my writer's block and the chapters will be coming your way.
She started reading, not bothering to ask any questions.
Every now and then you would see Amelia and George looking all over the Burrow, trying to find Fred, who had disappeared more than a few times a week.
Before Katie could answer they heard familiar voices calling out to them and they soon were joined by Oliver, Lee, the twins and Angelina.
You find out your dad is alive, and you don't tell us about it."
She was all ready to say 'I told you so', when he answered.
Her days at his home had been filled with running and rolling around in the snow with Oliver's twin nieces that were staying over, playing quidditch and warming up with hot cocoa by the fire.
It actually was only the second time she'd ever heard one of the twins stutter.
My aunt and uncle were killed!
They were still looking around the room, when McGonagall entered the room, telling them to find a spot.
They stopped breathing for a second, trying to figure out what exactly had happened to them, before bursting out in laughter.
There was no sign of doubt in either one of their voices.
Amelia was pacing the common room, as Angelina, Katie and Alicia were sitting on the couch.
"Would you look at that...
Fred nodded and let go of her, after giving her hand a light squeeze.
As she pulled out the cosy garment, that made her think of Christmases spent at the Burrow, she grinned at the colour.
Now she was happy, because it made her think of Fred.
The two wankers themselves hadn't been hurt, like they should have been for getting in a duel in the middle of the corridor, but Hermione had been hit by a spell.
"No, he's not, " Said Lupin quietly.
When they were sure he was out of earshot, they exhaled, before bursting out in laughter.
Amelia smiled at the D on the bottom of the letter.
"Never have I ever... put on a dress!"
The first Hogsmeade visit is coming up in two weeks, am I right?
I would have brought food.
Oliver's voice was deep and smooth, a calming sound that made you feel at ease.
To be honest, I have been very busy with life.
But that didn't make things any clearer.
Amelia smiled back, as she took him in, standing there in the middle of a deserted hallway.
This time he let out a barking laugh.
Everyone had really been off doing their own thing, barely having the time for each other.
She realized she wasn't going to let George go unscathed as well, he should've at least tried to stop his brother.
Amelia smiled at her, before hugging Hermione gently.
How else were they going to prove that Sirius Black, her dad, was indeed innocent.
Hermione let out an annoyed sigh, muttering something about men being annoying.
When she pushed both of the twins aside to see what happened, she gasped.
Amelia had managed to find a spot directly in front of the fire, surrounded by her friends.
One that shows you your place.
Meanwhile Amelia was daydreaming, enjoying the lack of drama and the lack of secrets to keep.
"You thinking about what the year is going to bring us?"
The pain in his eyes was clear.
Dumbledore, true to his nature, already knew what she had wanted to talk about and didn't interrupt her as she gave a ten minute speech about what a vile woman Rita Skeeter was.
The feeling she got when she looked at him made her own feelings clear to herself.
Amelia smiled at her, realizing, once again, what an amazing woman she was.
Some seventh years managed to conjure up a banner with a roaring lion and some muggle students managed to get their muggle radio working.
When they spoke, it was at exactly the same moment.
"I don't think I've ever been this in demand before."
He stood up for his friends and was brave.
They spent about an hour and a half training and getting comfortable on their brooms again, before moving towards the great hall for dinner.
Hermione had just opened the talking planner Amelia and the twins had gotten for her, and was already filling in some things, making the planner shout out different assignments for the start of next term.
"Why is Flint glaring daggers at you?"
Amelia turned around to see what had gotten the happy duo to switch their mood this quickly.
It was sweet, slow and loving.
My aunt won't even tell me anything about her.
Did you see them during the first school day?"
Wait a minute... How did you know?"
Lia raised her eyebrows, before thinking: What the hell and opening her mouth.
And I don't know how yet, but boy wonder's going to be part of it!
"I noticed what happened earlier."
George and Lee had been spending quite a few nights in detention with Snape, for stealing some potion ingredients.
She chanced a look at the twin on her left and saw his angry gaze, which was still aimed at Flint.
Well, except the identity of her father of course.
I shouldn't have kissed you without permission.
Her words were met by a heated kiss.
Amelia groaned and pulled the blanket over her head, trying to shut out Katie's chipper voice.
She was the one who knew Oliver best.
Amelia couldn't help but smile, surrounded by the love of her family.
Amelia turned her head slightly, so she could look at Fred's sleeping face and bit her lip, a habit that she had been developing over the summer.
X- Harry Potter –X They had bought some food and clothes for Sirius and were just enjoying a drink at the three broomsticks, before heading back up to the cave.
She missed the stolen moments during the day and the time spent together.
She knew the answer, and he knew she knew.
Soon the story of how it all happened started to flow out, every little detail being mapped out and talked about.
For a second she panicked, opening her eyes wide, but then she realized that she was laying in a bed at the Burrow.
And Ginny and Hermione had convinced her to put on a new outfit.
A blush crept up on her cheeks, making her pray that the other two boys didn't notice.
She wasn't sure how other couples handled telling their friends.
Damn those muscles formed by his beater training.
After a slight hesitation, Ron started to pull Scabbers out of his robes.
He would never know this one.
It was no secret that her and Jennifer weren't the best of friends and that they didn't talk at school, unless it could be helped, but she wouldn't actually try, and succeed, to talk Cassandra into leaving without her, would she?
Since it was the twins' birthday, they were the ones to go first, starting with George.
Vile creatures that survive on our memories and fear."
Sirius said, as he kept his eyes focused on the rat in Ron's hands.
It was Amelia who broke it, deciding that whatever it was, it was best to just make them tell.
Amelia turned to point a little snow-nymph out to Angelina, when she caught Fred's gaze.
She immediately felt that they wanted to talk about something, the silence between the three of them tense.
She felt the anger she had been feeling over the past few weeks melt away, just like that.
The hand muffled her startled screams.
Remember that I asked you to keep an eye on Harry for me?
"Are you okay with that, Fred?"
"What were they talking about?"
And those wankers from the ministry too!
You're welcome to use my desk if you want to write a reply.
His blue eyes locked on hers, making her freeze to the spot.
She playfully shoved him a little to the side, making him trip slightly, pulling her with him, because of their still intertwined hands.
I know what I want, but I can't expect you to just jump in."
"So, we're not telling anyone about this?"
