Rope was extremely frustrated.
For one thing, they didn't much like to strike when it was wet, for some reason or another—Weasley thought that was something Greyback instilled rather than something common to werewolves, and Dalton was inclined to take his word for it.
We'll be busy with trying them all for some time."
He leaned forward, and stared at Weasley intently.
"Believe it or not, I don't like seeing your people killed any more than you do.
A figure, hooded and cloaked, moved in the shadows of the side street.
What did they want from you, anyway?"
Never seen a politician who wouldn't deny unpleasant reality given a sliver of a chance to."
Satanic rituals had been the least mad notion, with Conservative-leaning newspapers darkly hinting that this was the beginning of Powell's "Rivers of Blood," citing the fact that all of the victims were white native-born Englishmen—which, Dalton thought, might have something to do with the fact that once one left the cities nearly everyone fit that category, and nearly everyone who didn't was wealthy enough to afford security measures that would dissuade attackers.
Best not to worry until they knew one way or the other.
Suspicion had naturally fallen on Bryce, who had claimed to have seen a teenage boy going up the hill to the Riddle house on the night of the murders.
If the Muggles managed to kill some of Greyback's army, he would seek revenge on Muggles in general, which would point him away from the Order and wizarding neutrals.
Getting the government to agree to lend him an SAS team had not been as difficult as he'd feared.
Rope thought about this for a moment.
He was very glad he hadn't told Percy yet.
Rope relaxed his face, but snarled inwardly.
"What would we discuss during these meetings?"
A/N: For those who might object to Dalton thinking that the Germans mostly fought with honor and decency, bear in mind, this is set in 1979.
Hiding the fact that he was talking with a Muggle about magical things on a regular basis was quite another.
"Cursing Fudge for a fool won't do much good, you know," Molly said.
This was going to lead all kinds of inconvenient questions.
"Wait, wait, wait," Graves said.
"Not as far as we know, but if it turns out that I'm wrong I'll let you know."
"Yes, and to have exit wounds the size of a dinner plate in his back."
Others don't really care.
"I doubt you can transport us, and unless you have some kind of source inside the werewolves I don't think you can tell us where they're going to strike."
He couldn't think of anything that would be more likely to cause more wizards to shift towards the Death Eater position.
If you have something you can use to track me, I can point you to Greyback and his friends."
The Traveller caravan had been on a back road in Sussex when the wizards hit it.
But he had to, didn't he?
He really wasn't sure, one way or the other.
After finding out that their usual sniper rifles weren't heavy enough, one of the SAS men had mentioned that he thought a Boys anti-tank rifle might do the trick, if there were any still around.
The research team has had another breakthrough."
"Sorry, but I didn't want to have to explain myself to them," he said, nodding toward the SAS men.
The PM had been quite impressed by the stack of werewolf bodies, and the Americans had managed to scrounge up some aerial vehicles that they had used to map out where their magical communities hid and send them over.
As he transitioned shoulders, he saw two more forms crumple down in the light of the moon, but they were closing the distance extraordinarily fast, and...
He was especially concerned about the spring.
Weasley leaned back and rubbed his chin as he went through what Rope had said.
September 20, 1975 "Is something wrong, dad?"
"It appears to have worked thus far," Dumbledore pointed out gently "The problem is," Weasley retorted, "I'm willing to bet that now that MI5 have got on it, they've performed several precautionary measures to avoid us simply memory modifying them and making them think it was all a hoax.
"I don't know," Weasley replied, stammering a bit.
November 10, 1981 It was over.
It's doubtful that the giants will ever be a threat to anyone again, after Dalton and his men killed something like over a hundred of them in less than a year when there weren't more than two hundred in the world, back when the Beings Division did that census fifteen years ago."
"So you want us to keep an eye on his family?"
The only real bright spot was that by now saying anything that indicated even slight disagreement with the notion of pureblood supremacy, or not voicing sufficient agreement with pureblood supremacy, was enough to get the Death Eaters after you, which was losing them some sympathizers and causing some neutrals to shift to the Ministry and the Order.
"We have certain files on their capabilities.
Keeping the full extent of his interest in Muggle things from them was one thing.
This is not a private matter."
Our security depends upon secrecy, Mr Rope."
"Your family-are they all right?"
They were having a very long discussion with the new guys about what they knew about magic.
Weasley had always wondered about him—he'd never expressed any kind of pureblood supremacy ideas, but that was mostly because even thinking that much about something other than himself would require far too much effort on his part.
Fortunately, he'd kept one eye shut, and he'd at least had some training in shooting from his support side over the past year.
He let the curtain fall, lowered the binoculars carefully to the table, looked towards the camera, and nodded before he started to think about what this meant.
Those machineguns are heavy and hard to carry, and giants are big, slow, stupid targets.
Fortunately, they'd set up close to the main building, since its not-particularly-well-kept hedges made for excellent concealment.
It had resulted in him being assigned to the Magical Studies division, where he wouldn't be able to do much harm but might still be useful.
And Voldemort was...gone.
There might have been three or four Death-Eaters who'd gone to Ilvermorney, as near as anybody could tell—a pittance compared to the two or three dozen wizards from Durmstrang who'd joined up with Voldemort.
And now he might possibly have come up with something useful.
So far, he had about five hundred or so, several of which they had managed to link to various children who'd suddenly gone off to some school no one had ever heard of around the time they turned eleven—and that had taken years of work and sorting to find out.
They will likely keep it under lock and key.
"Is there anything else I should know?"
Livestock, guard animals, and pets would go missing, or the bodies would be found looking like they'd been attacked by a wild animal—which, he supposed, they had been.
He'd introduced himself as Remus Lupin, and, once the waiter had taken their orders and left them alone, had begun by saying, "I am a werewolf, and I want to help you hunt down Greyback."
Vernon was...portly, if one wished to be kind while describing him, which Craig really rather didn't, which on a better man might have made him more approachable.
A werewolf lay on the floor, its head and torso pulped by multiple close range buckshot rounds.
20 January, 1957 "What did you think you were doing, Rope?"
"Nothing that isn't the matter with everyone, these days," he finally said, and Arthur nodded.
"Old Boy" networks had always been a problem for the agency.
He'd have to apologize to his nephew, right enough.
Two bursts of static came in over the radio, then two more.
"Religious—oh," Rope stopped before he said something stupid.
"So now I don't need to carry a suitcase around to use the deglamourizers?
That had to have happened before.
This would go on for about two months.
"You do know who Grindelwald is and what the Thule project was?"
Right as things were completely coming apart.
I've fought men like these werewolves before.
For another, the Prime Minister was still somewhat disconcerted by what had happened on his first day in office, and, Dalton suspected, was willing to try something that could prove that technology could beat magic.
Of course, some of them are upset only because their fellows are getting involved in our affairs.
"Wait for it…wait for it…now."
Now he just needed to find a successor with the right attitude, and to convince the Prime Minister to sign over the deployment of any such device to his department.
Bagnold and Crouch had finally gotten over themselves at that point and ordered the Aurors to use any means necessary to get at the Death Eaters, including the Unforgivable Curses.
"You know as well as I do that there's more than a few wizards and witches who still aren't sure which side they're on, in addition to all the people who just want this war to be over.
Lavender Brown, of all people?
He kept going, as Dumbledore's plan opened up before him.
As it is, I was able to get several copies of the transcript made and sent off to every station in Britain we have."
I thought you might have a better idea of what to do."
"I may think that the Ministry is hidebound and foolish, but I will not betray them."
That was when I met Torvaldson."
And he had to make sure he didn't.
They were the reason he didn't think extermination was the best course.
Hopefully they'd be quicker off the mark than they had been in Bosnia.
Dumbledore tapped his chin.
But almost before the two werewolves had fallen, four more swarmed over the hedge, and it was less than fifty yards from there to their position—and this time, the werewolves had had a moment to look at the situation before bullets started flying their way.
The only reason they even had anybody up there was because Frobisher liked having at least some sort of cover for every contingency.
They'd learned from that first encounter with them, and this time the pack was smaller—only six, instead of nearly a dozen.
My guess is that at some point one of them saw me meet with him, and decided to make him the next target, to get at me.
October 11, 1970 Septimus Weasley, still shaken by what he'd seen, wrapped his hands around the tea Dumbledore offered him as he told him, McGonagall, and Shacklebolt about what he'd seen the day before.
