Preface Adea woke to the rustling of blinds against the open window. She turned towards the wall, frowning as the blue numbers projected onto the wall came into focus. 5:48. "Fucking hell." Would it kill her to remain asleep twelve precious minutes? She exhaled slowly through her teeth, the sheets beside her rustling as a tanned arm trailed its way around her waist. The brief desire to fall back asleep faded as Adea's attention snapped to warm pressure against her thigh as he pulled himself closer to her. She arched her back slowly pressing her hips closer his. The grip around her waist tightened as he groaned, his lips brushing the skin beneath her ear. Adea smirked at display on the wall. Maybe mornings weren't the worse. "What time is it?" he mumbled, planting small kisses along her neck. "Almost six," she replied, groaning as he trailed his tongue along her jaw,"I have a lecture at eight." "Skip it." She laughed softly as she trailed her fingers along his hip towards the sheets separating them, brushing her knuckles against the bulge through the sheets, the move soliciting a low growl. "I can't," she sighed, "Guest lecturer today." "Is that so?" he whispered, kissing her shoulder. "Mm," she replied, "Some big shot from the Starship Enterprise." "Really?" He drawled, rolling her to face him as a mischievous glint flickered in his dark green eyes, "Do I know him?" Adea ran a hand through his uncharacteristically messy hair, her thumb stroking the dark stubble across his jaw. Worries of her impending alarm slipped away as he leaned in slowly, his lips meeting hers. He cupped her face gently, deepening the kiss as she wrapped her arms around his neck. His tongue traced her bottom lip, his hands wandering down her back as he pulled her hips towards his. A moan escaped her lips as he began trailing kisses down her neck, her hand nearly untangling the sheets between them when the shrill tone of the alarm clock burst through the room. "I hate that damn thing," he muttered, pressing the snooze button as he turned back to Adea, brushing him thumb across her cheek as he kissed her again. "I have to get up," she groaned, pulling away slowly, "I'm going to be late." "You've been late before," he whispered again her collarbone, planting kisses along her neck. "I was late to class once," she corrected, "And it was your fault." "I don't recall," he mused innocently, his fingers trailing along the inside of her thigh. "Don't even start," she warned. "Start what?" he drawled, pausing his hand as his fingers continued to draw circles against her skin. "You're a bad influence," she admonished, kissing him quickly before rolling to sit on the edge of the bed. She reached for her phone on the nightstand, waving her hand across the screen to read through her notifications. Two alerts for a deadline she'd already met last week. Class today from 0800 to 1300. Training session at the gym at 1600. To-do: create the outline for next month's Planetary Surveying course. Adea made her way towards the bathroom, collecting the stray garments she'd left strewn across the floor the night before. She paused in front of the sink, dampening a towel before wiping at the mascara rings beneath her eyes "What time do you need to leave?" he called out. "I still need to review for the lecture," she replied, "I brought my book with me, so I should have an hour or so to read. Lee, could you-" "Coffee, one sugar, no cream," he smirked, sitting white mug on the bathroom counter. "Thank you," she smiled, welcoming the much needed caffeine into her system. He took a sip from his own mug, contemplating if the sight of his shirt barely covering her was more distracting than the knowledge there was nothing under it. He exhaled slowly, ignoring growing strain in the front of his pants as he glanced down at his watch. As much as he hated to admit it, she was right. Anymore of these thoughts, and he'd find a creative way to make them both late. "The last bus to be at campus before 8 leaves at 7:21, Adi," he announced, walking back to kitchen. Adea smirked in the response taking a last sip of her coffee before stepping into the shower, a buzz racing down her spine as the water hit her shoulders. Adea pulled on her red cadet jacket, adjusting the silver Starfleet pennant as she inspected her final appearance. Mascara, applied. Under eyes circles, covered. Neck marks...Adea turned her head to the light for a final check….like they were never there. As she left the apartment, Adea looked every bit the woman she'd been groomed to be. No hair out of place, uniform pressed, textbooks packed safely in her bag, decorated with yellow reading notes. From the day she had been born, she had been raised to be a future leader in the Federation. Her parents had insisted on militaristic precision and perfection in everything she did, all to render her the consummate Starfleet candidate. Fencing lessons. Judo lessons. Language Tutors. Physics extra-credit. Competing and compared in in nearly every subject to her despotic perfectionist sister. All of this, so at the end of the day, Adea could be the perfect person everyone else expected her to be. There was nothing Adea hated more than behind called perfect. Nonetheless, she endured it, portraying the same unfaltering facade she always had. All the while, she counted down the days until the she would be free to make her own name for herself. She'd already distanced herself as much as she could from her family's name and legacy. At the Academy, she had registered herself with family's lesser known second name. She never mentioned her family, and as far as anyone was concerned, she was the only child of some unimportant family they'd never heard of. For the most part, it had worked. Few if any knew she was related to her sister and even fewer knew who her parents were. It wasn't foolproof though. Every now and then she got a sideways glance. A double take, when recognition flickered. It was a miracle he hadn't noticed, even after she'd lied about her lack of siblings. She hated to draw a comparison between herself and her sister, but even she couldn't deny the resemblance at times. She had her father's hazel eyes, but like her sister, she took strongly after their mother. Same hair, same almond eyes, same stature, though she stood a few inches shorter than her sister. Adea exhaled slowly as she closed the door to his apartment, checking her watch quickly as she made her way to the bus. Resemblance or not, it didn't matter. She planned to be long gone before word got out that the littlest Uhura had joined Starfleet. The quarter til chimes sounded over the campus as she entered the lecture hall, making her way the front. It surprisingly full for fifteen minutes before class, no doubt due to today's lecture. Adea had barely sat her books down when Commander Willis, the course's usual lecturer, began hobbling towards her. On any given day, she would have rather faced torture at the hands of the Klingons than hear him drone on. But he was well connected and a good reference, so she suppressed the urge to frown as he greeted her exuberantly, instead smiling brightly. "Adea, perfect timing," he croaked, gesturing for her to join him, "I wanted to introduce you to our guest lecturer before the talk begins." She followed him slowly towards the edge of the stage, her eyes falling on the blue uniformed shoulders of their guest as he sat, reviewing his notes. "Excuse me, Doctor-This is the student I was telling you about," the professor buzzed, "Cadet Adea Ele. Top of her class, and already on track for her first assignment in deep space. I thought I simply must introduce you two." He turned now to Adea, placing his hand on her shoulder as he nudged her forward "Adea, this is-" "Dr. Leonard McCoy," the man drawled, extending his hand as he stood to face her. She glanced down at his outstretched hand, smiling slowly as she met his eyes. "Cadet Adea Ele," she replied curtly, shaking his hand, "It's a pleasure to meet you." "Well, Adi" he drawled, a playful glint in his handsome eyes, "The pleasure's all mine." This is the first of the rewritten chapters to be published, from the original chapter one. Let me know what you think so far. More edits to come very soon. Always yours, Case.
Author's Note: This story is lightly AU in its timeline, taking place after the first of the Star Trek Films. While it will follow the events of the second and third films, there are a few events that are not quite canon, one notable deviation being that the Romulan mission was one of the earliest but not the first mission that the (main characters) crew of the Enterprise participated in together. There is more to be seen and explained in the chapters to come. Disclaimer: (Most of these) characters and worlds are not mine. etc. etc. etc. Read, Follow, Review, and Enjoy! CHAPTER 1 Two Years Later (Present: Stardate 2258) "A coffee, please," Adea smiled, taking in the view of the San Francisco from the office. It had been two years since she been in this headquarters and things couldn't have gone more according to plan: a success Bachelor's, the Adair fellowship, and a prestigious research position aboard the USS Constitution. Now here she was, standing in office of none other than- "Vice-admiral Marcus," she greeted, standing at attention, "Sir, it is an honor." "Please, Adea," He replied, taking his place behind the desk, "It's nice to finally put a face to the work. Besides, Carol won't shut up about you. I take it Cadet O'Ryan bringing you something?" "Yes sir, " she nodded, smoothing the front of her uniform as she sat. She had met Carol Marcus at the start of her studies, when they were assigned as roommates in the same cadet dorm. To say they were fast friends would be a lie. Equal parts determination and stubborn, they'd nearly killed each other in their first year living assignment. It wasn't until Porter's Romulan Negotiations term paper and late study nights in their living room that they had slowly become friends. While they bonded over a love of cheap wine and bad dating choices, it was the degree to which they understood each other that brought them closer: A desire to be acknowledged for their own success, distinct from a family who viewed good as never good enough; A glaring lack of friends from their perpetual studying, all in pursuit of academic success; The the polished perfection that hid the stress of maintaining a facade to everyone around them. For the first time in each of their lives, they were not alone, and they'd been inseparable ever since. "Now I spend could hours going on about your research, how its helped our defense strategy, top of your class with honors," he stated, "I mean, I wouldn't expect any less of an Uhura." No wonder Carol went by her mother's name. If Marcus noticed Adea's smile falter he didn't show it. "Now let me get straight to the point," he continued, "I'm giving you top level clearance to join a one year mission in deep space. I need you to explore and observe the planets and species you encounter. For each I want you to report on their societies: government structure, scientific advancements, politics, defense capabilities, everything. I want a preliminary diplomacy strategy for each. I take it you're up for the assignment?" "Sir, I-" her mind was racing. Starfleet's high command was addressing her personally, about an assignment, in deep space. Top level clearance. Diplomacy. Off-world. She'd been off-world before for her fellowship, but not like this. In that assignment, she'd spent nearly two years buried in theory, fending off the weird advances from her research partner. No decisions of her own. Always mundane. Never uncharted. A coffee cup clinked down gently onto desk in front of her. She mumbled a thank you as the cadet left, her hands smoothing her uniform skirt again. "Sir, it be an honor," she stated finally, her mind racing with questions. She'd already heard talk of new recruitments for the U.S.S. Bradbury's new assignment. Hell, she'd applied the moment she heard about it, "When would I start?" "One week should be enough time to get your affairs in order," Marcus answered, leaning back to take a sip from his own coffee, "We'll send someone to handle the move from your flat. You can contact my assistant about the rest. Report to the launch dock next Wednesday morning at 0800 hours. Launch is at 1200." "And the ship, sir?" she questioned, picking up her own coffee cup. Apparently the Bradbury's living quarters had just been refurbished. At least that what Carol had told her when they met for lunch last week. She snapped back to the room as someone knocked on the office door. "Ah, perfect timing. Come in," Marcus answered, gesturing behind her. Adea clinked her glass clumsily against the desk as the man answered, a droplet spilling on her skirt as she nearly swore out loud. Fucking hell. She knew that damn drawl. Five years earlier (Stardate 2253) Adea welcomed the rush of cool air, letting the metallic door of the club clank shut. She pulled her hair into a low ponytail off her neck, walking slowly towards the the railing encircling the rooftop. She'd let her roommate Carol convince her that a night out would be a healthy break from her typical Friday night studying. While the club itself wasn't as bad as she'd imagined, the heels Carol lent her definitively were. When an impossibly talkative fourth year caught Carol's eyes, Adea had ceased the opportunity to step away, sneaking past the 'closed' sign in front of the stairwell to make her way onto the bar's summer terrace on the roof. She fiddled uncomfortably with the hem of her dress, struggling to pull it down further. Her dress was one of the many reasons she hated clubs. Too loud. Too hot. Too many people. Uncomfortable shoes. Dress hems that wouldn't stay put. Adea huffed loudly as she kicked off her heels, sagging heavily against the railing. "You too?" Adea jumped as she turned towards the voice, blushing violently as she caught sight of the man leaning against the bar counter. "Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," he drawled earnestly, running a hand through his dark disheveled hair. He walked towards her slowly, gesturing to the railing next to her, "May I?" She nodded, nervously tucking her hair behind her ear as he leaned against the railing beside her. He was dressed casually in a dark green jacket, the front of his grey t-shirt tucked behind the silver buckle of his belt. Without her shoes, he stood nearly head taller than herself, the top of her head barely reaching his broad shoulders. Adea's cheeks ran hot as looked up, meeting his dark eyes. "Enough fun for one evening?" he teased, flashing her a handsome lopsided smirk as he nodded towards her heels. "You caught me," she mused quietly, nervously crossing her arms. Of course he had to be handsome. "I'm not really one for crowded clubs," she admitted quickly, "Too loud. Too many people. Too many close talkers splashing their drinks on you. As bad as it sounds, I'd rather be home studying." "A woman after my own heart," he smirked, a playful glint in his green eyes, "I'm Leonard." "Adea," she replied, shaking his extended hand. "Adea," he repeated slowly, smiling again, "It's beautiful name. Are you part of Starfleet?" "What else?" she laughed, "I'm not sure there's much else near Fort Baker." "Got a point there," he smirked, "So where are you stationed?" "Oh," Adea replied slowly, a slow burn rising to her cheeks, "I'm still studying." "Ah," he replied quickly, regretting his response as she took a nervous step back. They sat in silence for moment as Adea stared out over the city, quietly tucking her hair behind her ear. She looked down towards her shoes, contemplating if she should return to find her roommate when he spoke up again. "What do you study?" he asked suddenly, leaning towards her again. "Xenopolitics and Exobiology," she replied slowly, watching his eyebrows knit in confusion, "Planetary and species classification. Federation diplomacy. New planet integration." "And here I thought I was fancy for having studied medicine," he laughed, "They only take fifteen students a year for Xenopolitics." "Yes. All for the prestigious honor of being chained to a library desk studying theory for three years," Adea admitted, "I almost did medicine." "Is that so?" he mused, "And?" "Not the biggest fan of blood" she laughed, staring out over the San Francisco skyline, "I think that makes for a lousy doctor." "You get used it at some point," he shrugged, "I joined Starfleet and I hate flying in space." "You hate flying?" she repeated slowly. "Mm," he nodded, frowning, "Space is just a painful death waiting to happen." "And you still joined?" she asked incredulously. "Sometimes the great things in life come from doing the things that scare us," he replied, smiling back at her, "Like right now. Imagine where you'd be if you didn't ignore that closed sign. Inside screaming a question at someone you can't half hear over the music? Trying to dance in those heels that, if I'm frank with you, look more like a murder weapon than a shoe? Here is quiet. There's fresh air. Good conversation. A beautiful view of downtown San Francisco. Warm weather for October." "You call this warm?" she mused, goosebumps forming on her arms as the wind blew. "Are you cold?" he asked suddenly, pulling off his jacket. Adea stared back at him, her heart beating loudly in her ears her eyes trailed down his chest, from the silver pendant around his neck to the tanned muscles of his forearms. Why couldn't he wrap those around her? She swallowed he extended his arm, her thoughts snapping back to the rooftop as he held his jacket out to her. "Have my jacket, Adea," he offered. "You don't have to do that," she replied quickly, biting her lip as he smiled at her, "It's not that cold yet." "I'm just using your words," he repeated, his smirk turning down in a mock frown, "Please, take it." "I made the mistake of going out without a jacket," she argued, smirking up at him defiantly. "Well you also made the mistake of getting cold in front of a southern gentleman," he teased quietly, holding out his coat again, "I insist." Adea let out a defeated exhale as she inclined her head. He swung the jacket around her shoulders, his hand brushing her cheek as he adjusted the collar. She blushed, her corners of her mouth twitching upwards into smile as she took in the warm scent of cologne from the jacket. "Better isn't it?" he smirked, "Snug as a bug in a rug." Adea's heart raced as she looked up at him, her breath catching in her throat as her phone buzzed suddenly in her purse. She flashed an apologetic smile, taking a shaky step back from him as she pulled it out, glancing down at the notifications from Carol on her screen. CAROL! (11:24): whtre are youuuu? CAROL! (11:46): ? CAROL! (11:53): I would leave soon I'm slepy. Where are youuuuuu? Adea exhaled loudly, returning her phone to her purse as she begin putting on her heels. "Everything alright?" he asked, a wrinkle forming between his brows as he raised them in concern. "Roommate," she replied, frowning at Carol's timing. "Is she ok? " he asked softly, "She's fine, I think," Adea sighed, "I have to go find her and make sure she gets home alright." She reached up to remove his jacket, stopping as he reached forward, placing his hand over hers. "Keep it for tonight," he insisted, brushing his thumb across her knuckles as he slowly removed his hand, "It'll still be cold out until you get home. How are you getting there?" Adea glanced down as her phone buzzed several times, retrieving it from her purse again. CAROL! (11:55): wheree?. CAROL! (11:55): I thinj Im tipsy "Taxi," she replied decidedly, putting away her phone away. She glanced towards the door to the rooftop, the thought of leaving stirring a faint pang of regret in her chest. "So is this like a movie now?" Adea mused, turning back to him, "I am supposed to wait here every evening until you return for your jacket?" "I wouldn't mind," he smirked, accompanying towards the door to the terrace, "But I think room 142 in the med school is a bit more practical, what with all those hours you need for Xenopolitics studies and all." "I'll have to see," Adea quipped innocently, raising her eyebrows, "Now that I have it on, it is quite comfortable. Very warm. I'm not sure I want to give it back." "Oh now you want it?" he drawled in a low voice. "Very tempting," she teased, "But I guess I'll do the right thing and bring it back to 142." He shook his head slowly, letting out a low laugh as he stared down at her. This girl was something else. He opened the door regretfully, gesturing for her enter first. "Well, for when you can't hear me anymore inside," he continued smirking, following her into the stairwell, "It was a pleasure to meet you, Adea." "It was a pleasure to meet you too, Leonard," Adea replied slowly, sending him a final smile before she descended the stairs, disappearing into crowd. Present (Stardate 2258) She focused hard on the desk in front of her, anything not to notice the man now seated next to her. The conversation blurred as Marcus elaborated on the mission and Adea wasn't sure if she felt closer to being sick or running out of the vice-admiral office. Marcus couldn't be serious. For the next year, she would be assigned to the USS Enterprise, as it conducted an observation mission on deep space. Her sister Nyota would be serving as chief communications officer, and she would be Adea's support for linguistic translation. Her tasks would consist of compiling information from the various disciplines, working closely with the director of the ship's lab, its Chief Medical Officer, Dr. Leonard fucking McCoy. "I'll let the Doctor here update you on the specifics of the lab," the Vice-admiral concluded, the scrape of his chair yanking Adea's thoughts back to the room, "Glad you'll be joining us, Lieutenant Ele." The room fell painfully silent as the door snapped shut behind him. If McCoy was surprised to see her, he didn't show it. She stared back at him, the cold weight in the pit of her stomach intensifying. She could have sworn he smirked at her reaction as he stood methodically, walking towards the window with his hands behind his back. "Lee-" "Vice-admiral Marcus gave you the general picture," he interrupted, pausing to distractly lift a book laying on the windowsill, "You'll report next Wednesday at 0800 hours. I'll see to it one of the ensigns finds time to give you a tour. It's a standard lab. First drafts of all science reports in the lab are turned in Wednesdays for review and are finalized on Fridays by noon." "Lee, can we talk?" He answered her question by pausing to flip through the first few pages of the book. "The workings and schedule of the lab shouldn't be too hard for you to figure out," he baited, "Being an Uhura and all." "Are you done now?" Adea snapped, as she stood. It took every ounce of her self control to ignore the burning urge that begged her to snatch the book from his hands and fling it across the room. Could he just look at her? "That should be all," he drawled nonchalantly, clapping the book shut. He had begun pacing to the door when he paused, turning towards her. "Oh and Lieutenant Ele" he offered, his calm mask slipping as he came to a stop a few inches from her,"If you do decide to fuck off and leave the mission before it starts, please give us a heads up. You know, common courtesy and all." As the words reached her, she could see it now: the anger, the hurt, the loathing burning in his eyes as he glared down at her. She wanted desperately to retort but the words caught in her throat, acutely aware of how close they now stood. His earlier indifference made her want to scream, but at least it had not cut like the way he looked at her now. The way he'd looked at her ever since. "Lee, I-" she stuttered, but he was already gone, the door clacking shut behind him. Confession Time: 1. This is the second of the rewritten chapters. It features better editing, a new section, and people who improperly dress themselves for clubs in fall! 2. Let me know what you think ! I am interested to hear what you think about the rewrite and the characters thus far. I am also interested to hear what you all would like to know. Rewrite of later chapters in still in progress ;) 3. Thank you readers for you interest and commentary thus far. Live long and Prosper! Case
Present Adea rolled to the edge of the bed, her eyes adjusting to the light of her PADD as she pulled it closer. Notifications: - Alarm set for 6:00 (14 minutes remaining) - Report to Dock set for today at 08:00. Travel is light. It will take 1 hour to arrive. - 3 new text notifications from Nyota NewNumber - 4 new text notifications from Carol! Adea frowned, waving her finger across the screen to open her texts as she sat up slowly. Nyota NewNumber (9:27pm): I checked and they made an error on your assignment documents. I had them change it. It should be ready for when you board. You don't need to pick them up again. If they ask you about it, just tell them I handled it. Nyota NewNumber (9:58pm): You can't be late tomorrow. Nyota NewNumber (4:46am): Don't be late, Adea. Adea let out a slow exhale, massaging her temples. No congratulations. No well wishes. No offer to help move. Just don't fuck something up. Adea had barely talked to her sister since she had joined at the Academy, their sole interactions limited to times Nyota single-handedly determined it was necessary to intervene on her sister's behalf. Like arguing to change Adea's term paper grade during her first year. Her sister's self-righteousness knew no bounds, no matter what it complicated or who it hurt. Adea sighed, swiping her finger over the PADD to the next conversation. CAROL! (10:21pm): Hey, I know you're busy, but if you want to talk I'm here for you. Can't wait to see you tomorrow. PS. The dream team will be reunited. CAROL! (10:25pm): If you want to travel there together, we can meet beforehand? CAROL! (5:45 am): Rise and shine gorgeous! Can't wait until launch. CAROL! (5:52 am): Changed my mind. Couldn't wait until launch. Hot coffee arriving in 30. Hot coffee, Adea smiled, shaking her hair out of its messy bun. At least there was that. Carol's last minute reassignment to Enterprise was a godsend. Lord knows how else she was supposed to remain sane whilst confined to flying metal container with Nyota and McCoy for a year. Adea made her way to the shower, frowning slowly as she rolled up the sleeves of the oversized shirt she wore. She been aboard the USS Constitution when she'd refound his shirt in an unpacked box, the one he'd had given her ever time she'd complained about heating in his apartment. For a southern boy, Adea was amazed he could tolerate keeping his apartment so cold. Something about stimulating melatonin production while sleeping, he'd argued. She exhaled slowly through her nose, tossing it aside as she stepped into the shower. Maybe one day she'd have the nerve to get rid of it. (Four years earlier, Stardate 2254) "Good lord, Sweetheart," McCoy groaned, pinching the bridge of his nose, "You know you can stop, right?" Six months into her thesis and Adea had already found herself stuck in writer's block. She convinced herself that digging through the school's medical archives would give her a better insight into vaccination policies in the Omega Sagitarii system, but thus far, it had yielded nothing but rambling medical log entries. After nearly two weeks of pouring over old logs for material, she'd finally found something, only to mistakenly return the one entry worth citing to the library. Perhaps in the end, losing her journal entry wasn't the worse. She glanced up from work at McCoy, biting her tongue to suppress the smirk that tugged at corners of her mouth. "I almost found it," Adea promised, flipping quickly through the old medical journal on his desk. "You said that an hour ago," McCoy sighed, "You know there's a reason they close the archives at the school at on weekends." "Well if you would like to help, it would go faster," Adea mused, "Isn't that why you offered to help me by supervising my thesis?" "I have a better solution," McCoy proposed, standing slowly to rummage through a cabinet behind his desk. Adea rolled her eyes, continuing to stare down at the journal, startling as an empty glass clinked onto the desk in front of her book. She glanced from the bottle to McCoy, taking in his mischievous glint in his eyes. "Bourbon?" she mused, "Aren't you supposed to be the responsible one?" "Like I said, a better solution," McCoy smirked filling their glasses. She felt her cheeks growing hot as he settled into the chair besides her, his knee brushing hers. She knew she was better than school girl crushes. Especially on superior officers who worked closely with her sister. Though it wasn't the same sickening shock she'd felt piecing together that the Leonard she'd met was the very same that served aboard the USS Enterprise on her sister's crew, the fact still made her uneasy nearly a year later. The last thing Adea wanted was another reason for Nyota to get involved her life. After she'd returned his jacket, Adea had spent the better half of a year avoiding him like the plague. It wasn't until months later, when McCoy caught her arguing with the staff over the medical library document access policy that they'd seen each other again. He'd intervened, claiming she was researching at his request to get her access to the medical library and archives. She tried to ignore the butterflies in her stomach as he'd offered to stay and help her, the conversation between them flowing easily. After weeks of helping her find material for her thesis research proposal, he'd offered to become her thesis advisor. She'd tried to convince herself it would be to the benefit of her research to work with him, hoping the added pressure of him becoming her supervisor would make the buzz in her chest every time she saw him go away. Nearly six months of research later, and it had only gotten worse... "And?" McCoy mused, gauging her reaction slowly as she took a sip. "I like it," Adea agreed, returning her glass to the table. "See, Adi?" McCoy teased, "Good things happens when you take study breaks." "Am I Adi now?" Adea questioned, raising her eyebrow slowly. "A-de-a was a bit of a mouthful," McCoy sighed, faking a frown, "You can only ask "Are you done studying A-de-a?" so many times in one week." "And Le-o-nard isn't?" Adea teased. "Well, yes when you say like that it is," McCoy admitted, laughing, "Which is why no one does." "It seems a bit unjust," Adea sighed. "Unjust?" McCoy repeated. "What do I call you?" Adea mused innocently, "You must have a nickname?" "Nope, I'm not helping you there," McCoy affirmed, taking a sip from his glass. "Surely throughout your lengthy career as a doctor and Starfleet officer, someone has given you a nickname?" Adea questioned. "Did I mention bullshit flattery won't help either?" McCoy added. "Len?" Adea tested. "No." "Lenny?" "No." "Leo?" "Hell no." "Lee?" "So you and my sister can team up and use the same nickname?" McCoy teased, leaning towards her, "No." "So you're admitting Lee is a nickname of yours?" Adea smirked. "I'm not admitting anything," McCoy stated. "Whatever you say, Lee," Adea replied innocently, her laugh falling silent as she caught the look in his eye, "What is it?" "What?" McCoy replied quietly. "I don't know," Adea replied slowly, her cheeks flushing pink, "You're just staring at me." "Well, Adi, people typically look at the people they're talking to," he teased. "Not like that," she mumbled quickly, the heat rising to her cheeks intensifying as she realized she'd said it out loud. "Then how do I look at you?" He replied slowly, his voice low. Adea swallowed, her heartbeat echoing in her ears as she stared back at him. "I-" She'd barely opened her mouth to respond when he leaned forward suddenly, his warm lips brushing hers. She responded slowly to the kiss, leaning into him as her bottom lip slipped between his. It wasn't until Adea felt his hand against her knee that she snapped painfully back to the present. She pulled away from him abruptly, her heart pounding in her ears as she stared back at him. "I-I should go," Adea mumbled quickly, avoiding his eyes as stood, picking up her bag. "Adi," McCoy started quietly, "I-" "It was a mistake," Adea concluded shakily, "It should have never happened." Present "Do you see those over there?" Carol explained, gesturing out the window as they made their way from the shuttlebay to the ship, "Those phaser banks are the first of their kind to be integrated into a defense system of a Constitution-class Federation Starship." There was something about Carol in her element that made Adea smile. They arrived without incident at the shuttlebay, making their way to officer's boarding patrol. The last days had been a blur of organization, stress, and flashbacks to a relationship Adea would rather forget. Yet as Carol continued on about the external weapons system, Adea could not ignore the buzz of anticipation building in her chest as they approached the ship. She was going to be an officer on the USS Enterprise. McCoy and Nyota be damned. Adea was pulled from her thoughts as her name echoed through the corridor. "Lieutenant Ele!" The voice called again, its owner's footsteps clanging against the gangway as he ran to catch up to them, "Dr. Marcus!" The curly haired man stopped running, wiping his flushed face as he gestured hectically. He glanced between the images of Carol and Adea on his PADD screen, mumbling indecipherably before looking up at the two of them, extending his right hand in a greeting. "I'm sorry, come again?" Carol questioned. The man sighed loudly, repeating himself. "Pavel Andreievich Chekov," he said, blushing slightly as they each shook his hand, "The Captain has requested zat I bring you, Lieutenant Ele and Dr. Marcus, directly ze Bridge." Adea and Carol shared a glance and Adea nodded. "Of course, Mr. Chekov," Adea replied, "Lead the way." They turned back to the nearest entrance to the ship, Chekov pointing out various aspects of the ship as they walked. They walked for several minutes through a series of white panelled walls and elevators, arriving at the black sliding doors to the bridge. They entered slowly, the room buzzing loudly with activity as the crew members prepared the ship for launch. Adea glanced quickly around the room, taking in half-familiar faces as her mind honed onto a familiar disappointed tone. "Adea! How did you get on the bridge?" Uhura questioned, shock tingeing the stern disapproval in her voice. She stood up from her post, concern drawing her lips into a tight line, "You supposed to report to Officers' quarters." "Officers' quarters?" a loud voice repeated, "What type of welcome would that be to the newest and brightest members of the Enterprise? I mean, you expect own sister to get a boring standard welcome?" Adea suppressed a smirk, enjoying a mention of their relation that make her sister squirm for once. She could have sworn the captain smirked back he stood up abruptly from his chair, a mischievous glint flickering in his blue eyes as he sauntered excitedly towards Adea. Captain James Tiberius Kirk. His reputation preceded him. As devilishly handsome as he was brilliant, they said. Went from drunk bar fight to the Academy overnight, and finished his studies in three years. First captain to pass the Kobayashi Maru, albeit by hacking it. At that point the legends varied, but nonetheless they all converged on the same truth. As captain of the USS Enterprise, he managed to save the lives the ship's crew, including her sister's and McCoy's. "Now I don't believe we have had the pleasure, Lieutenant Ele," he drawled, his flirty smirk reaching his blue eyes, "Jim Kirk." "And Lieutenant Wallace," he mused, his smile flashing, "Great to have you, Doctor." Adea bit her tongue to avoid laughing as Carol blushed. Uhura exhaled loudly. Half the women at the Academy had warned him about him. Event Uhura had felt the need to tell her not to sleep with him, when she'd learned of Adea's assignment. "Captain, shouldn't they-" Uhura asserted, her annoyance growing. "Lieutenant Uhura, don't you have a dock report to finalize," Kirk mused "Or something?" Uhura mumbled something under the breath, turning slowly to her post as Kirk flashed them another smile. "I do believe Lieutenant Uhura is correct in her observation," the Vulcan first officer replied, standing now. Adea frowned, recognizing Commander Spock from her diplomatic strategy course. Pompous asshole of a lecturer. If his attitude alone didn't drive her resentment, her sister's fondness for him certainly did. The Commander said this… Did you know the Commander did that…. Adea you should take this course with Commander Spock… If her sister wasn't so high strung, Adea would have thought she sleeping with the man. That'd be a pompous match made in heaven. "I am simply welcoming new crew members and dear family members," Kirk offered innocently. "Starfleet Protocol 41086, Regulation 4 states new officers should report to -" Spock continued but Kirk waved him off as the doors to the bridge reopened. "Bones!" Kirk called out, clapping a frowning McCoy on the back, "Perfect Timing! Mr. Spock, you can go back to you launch duties now." Mr. Spock frowned, turning back to his console. Adea exhaled steadily, steeling her gaze. At least this time she knew he'd be here. A brief look of concern and recognition flashed in his eyes before he looked away annoyed, focusing his confused attention on Kirk. "You wanted me on the bridge?" he answered slowly. "These beautiful, intelligent women here, Lieutenant Ele and Dr. Wallace, have been assigned to USS Enterprise by Vice-admiral Marcus himself," Kirk announced, "They will be assisting us as we explore and observe uncharted space, with the mission of assessing the planets' potential for establishing diplomatic ties." Kirk smirked, a mischievous glint flickering in his eye as he turned his gaze to Carol. "Dr. Wallace, would you be so kind as to escort me on my final walkthrough before launch?" he asked smoothly, his eyebrows raised, "You can get acquainted with the weapons systems of my ship." My ship. Adea resisted a snort while McCoy rolled his eyes. Carol raised her eyebrows at Adea, before nodding slowly. "While I do that," Kirk continued, "Please be a southern gentleman, and escort Lieutenant Ele to her station in Enterprise's lab. I'm sure the Vice-Admiral briefed you, but she'll be working closely with you over the duration of the trip." McCoy glanced sideways at Adea, opening his mouth to speak before closing it, his brow furrowing. "When you're done, report back to the bridge for launch," Kirk concluded. McCoy nodded curtly before exiting the bridge. Adea trailed him quietly to the elevator, exhaling slowly as the doors closed behind them. They sat in silence at the elevator descended, counting off the floors before slowing to a stop. "Shipwide scan has commenced. Please be patient. Requested floor will be reached upon completion of the scan." McCoy swore under his breath, crossing his arms as he leaned against the door. Adea frowned. If he was going to be this hostile to her, she was going to be at her wit's end by the end of her first month on board. "Look, I know the last place you want to be is assigned to a ship with me," Adea started slowly. "Really Sweetheart? What makes you think that?" McCoy shot back sarcastically. "Lee, I'm serious." "Dr. McCoy," he correctly dryly. "Are you serious right now?" she hissed, stepping towards him. "Did you hear me laugh?" McCoy retorted "Lee, I am sorry about what happened, but I cannot spend the next year stuck in this ship with you reliving this," Adea stated. "Really?" he spat back, stepping towards her now, "I didn't realize it was so hard for you." Adea's breath caught in her throat as she stared hard at him, her heart thudding heavily in her chest. "I tried to talk to you," she breathed shakily, "But you didn't want to." "Scan complete. Elevator will now arrive at your requested floor." "I had better things to do than hear your sorry excuse," McCoy replied dryly. "Damn it, Lee, then why the hell do you still care?" Adea snapped, taking a step towards him, "You wouldn't to talk me. You wouldn't answer me. When I went to your apartment, you slammed your door in my face. Two years of radio silence made it perfectly clear you didn't want anything to do with me. So what now ? You're just going to make my life miserable on this ship? Quips about fucking off without saying goodbye? Smart ass comments about sorry excuses? What do you want from me, Lee?" "Exit here for the Enterprise Laboratory." Adea stared back at McCoy panting as the elevator chimed loudly, the doors opening to the lab. For a moment he seemed to hesitate, an indiscernible expression flashing in his eyes as he took a step forward. As quickly as it had appeared, the emotion faded, his eyebrows furrowing in frustration as he turned methodically towards the door. "The lab is this way," he stated coldly, pacing forward into the lab without a second glance. Confession time 1. Third rewritten chapter is complete! More on the way soon! 2. More flashbacks to come. I wanted to build a stronger basis of the characters and their relationships, particularly Adea's and McCoy's. 3. Readers new and old, let me know what you think thus far. Input is always welcome. Til next time, live long and prosper - Case
Two Years Earlier (Stardate 2256) Fuck. Adea stared hard at the page, as if staring would somehow make the little black letters reorganize themselves. There were 14 dialects of Brunali. She frowned, pressing her chin into knee. She'd written twelve on the exam. She'd begun reaching for her study guide when the book in front of her snapped shut, a bottle clunking heavily onto her desk. "Jesus-" she glanced from the unopened champagne bottle on her desk, her heart slowing as she looked up to her beaming roommate, "What the hell was that for?" "You're reading a study guide for an exam you took two weeks ago," Carol scolded, "This is sad call for help, Cadet Ele." "Car-" "I'm confiscating these. You need to get a life," Carol continued, a smile spreading across her face as she snatched Adea's notes from her desk, "And right now, we need to drink." "Are you fucking kidding me?" Adea huffed. "Absolutely not, A," Carol teased, tossing her purse onto her own bed as she removed her heels, "You're going to get what, a 99 out of 100?" "97," Adea sighed tiredly, rubbing her temples. She'd need to check one more response to be sure. "Exactly," Carol replied, stacking Adea's notes on the kitchen counter. "Give it back Carol," Adea called out, frowning, "I'm serious. I need to finish this now. I have a meeting later this afternoon." "You always have meetings of late," Carol sighed, making her way towards the kitchenette, "But today you will have to make an exception. We need celebrate." Adea rotated in her chair to face Carol, raising an eyebrow as she took in the knowing smirk plastered across Carol's face. "Carol, what are you up to?" Adea questioned, standing slowly. "Me?" she cooed innocently, "I'm just get some water. You, however, should start packing your bags. Guess who I just heard will be receiving for the Aldair Fellowship." "What?" Adea blinked, her breath catching in her throat. Since she joined the academy, she'd been counting down the days until she could apply. A diplomacy relations masters programme in deep space, working closely with the Aldair system. It was her ticket off this world and the start to building her own distinguished career at StarFleet. She'd spend weeks meeting with her professors and advisors, looking for anyone who knew the committee well enough to get the completed Bachelor's programme requirement lifted. Adea had even resorted to asking her sister, in a brief call that lasted no longer than the previous four times they contacted each other whilst living and working on the same campus. "Holy shit," Adea swore, nearly tripping over her chair as she stood, "What? When? I applied almost a year ago." "Tonight at the senior class banquet," Carol cooed, fiddling with the foil of the champagne bottle, "I overheard my father's secretary this afternoon." "I-when- I mean," Adea faltered, the cork popping, "I wasn't even planning on going to the banquet. I-what do I even wear?" "You," Carol laughed, pushing the foaming bottle in to Adea's hands, "Need to drink before it ruins your precious textbooks. Let me worry about that." Adea sighed, glancing at the clock. "Fine," Adea relinquished, glancing at the champagne bottle, "One drink." "Can't guarantee that," Carol smirked. "I mean it, Car," Adea sighed, "I have a meeting later." "Blah, blah, blah, excuses, excuses, excuses," Carol huffed. "Car, I'm serious," Adea pressed. "Fine," Carol agreed, "I'll try my best to keep you on schedule. Now will you drink?" Adea sighed, giving in as she took a swig from the bottle. One wouldn't hurt right? Present "Ensign Becker, do you have-" "Right here, Lieutenant Ele," the blond cadet offered, holding his PADD up to the screen, "The native species profile for Temeres." Adea swiped her finger across the PADD, watching the text integrate itself into the blank section of the report on the holographic screen. Two down. One more profile to go. She smirked to herself, returning the PADD to Becker. "We still need the-" "The defense systems report," he concluded smiling,"I already asked. Dr. Marcus said it would be finished by tomorrow morning." "Tomorrow morning is too late," Adea sighed, crossing her arms, "We need it tonight," "Tonight?" he faltered, fumbling nervously as he scanned the notes on his PADD. "Lab documents are submitted on Wednesdays," Adea stated. "Oh," he stuttered, blushing fiercely, "I-I could have sworn it was Thursday. I mean, I can ask again, Lieutenant Ele. Should I do that?" Adea raised an eyebrow. "You asked already?" Adea repeated slowly. "I asked when I was getting authorization to the lab archives like you told me too," Becker replied sheepishly, "Dr. McCoy said the submission date was Thursdays." Of course he'd fucking change the date. "I didn't catch that, Lieutenant, I'm sorry," Becker excused nervously, "Should I ask again?" "No," Adea huffed decidedly, "I'll handle it. Please get the report from Carol for tomorrow then. You're dismissed." Becker nodded, sharply exiting the lab as Adea stared after him. She turned slowly, her heart pounding in her ears as she turned her glare towards the blue uniform at the end of the medical bay. She tried to calm her breathing to no avail as she came to a stop behind him, inhaling sharply as she let her PADD clatter loudly onto his desk. "Lab reports are submitted Thursdays?" Adea mused sternly. McCoy's shoulders heaved slowly as he exhaled, closing the x-ray displayed on the screen in front of him as he turned towards Adea. "Nurse Hayes, you can break now for lunch," he called out. "I'll be back at 1400," she nodded, flashing a quick smile as she exited the room. "You were saying?" McCoy continued, taking a step towards Adea. "Wednesdays," Adea stated sternly, "You told me Wednesdays. So why is my Ensign telling me Thursdays?" "The policy changed," McCoy shrugged, crossing his arms. "That's the excuse you're going for?" Adea questioned. "Seems like a communication problem between you and your Ensign," McCoy sighed,"Maybe if he stopped drooling over you for half a minute he'd manage to get a message to you." "Drooling over me?" Adea repeated, stepping towards him, "What the hell is your problem?" "My problem?" Lee mused, "Since when is your hearing my problem?" "Damn it, Lee," Adea snapped, "I'm not messing with you right now." "Language, Lieutenant Uhura," McCoy drawled, stepping closer to her. "This isn't joke, Lee," Adea stated, her scowl deepening as she caught his smirk, "Whether he communicated or not, you know I have submitted the past three reports a day early. Changes in lab protocol should be communicated directly to me." "Ah, that's right," McCoy replied dryly, "I keep forgetting communicating is important to you now." "Does this get you off?" Adea mused, tilting her face towards his as she took a step towards him, "Taking petty shots at me every chance you get?" "I bet you wish it did," McCoy drawled in low voice, smirked slowly, "You're the one who felt the need to march across the lab and get in my face." "I don't give a damn how you want to interact with me in your free time," Adea hissed, her face inches from his, "But keep your petty grudge the hell out of my work on this ship. You will report lab protocol to me, and directly to me. Is that clear?" "Whatever you say, Sweetheart," McCoy drawled, staring down at her as the livid red flush spread across her cheeks. "I mean it, McCoy," Adea warned, snatching her PADD from his desk as she shouldered past him, as she exited the medical bay. Two Years Earlier (Stardate 2256) "Where are you going?" Adea huffed, the heel of her boot catching in the crack between the concrete as she hurried after him. "Hell do you care?" McCoy snapped. He continued across the courtyard as Adea trailed behind, the music of the banquet fading into the background as they reached concrete plaza before the Academy's main lecture hall. Adea wobbled to a stop, her head spinning as she stared after him. It was pointless chasing after him. "The fuck is your problem?" she called out. He slowed, his shoulders heaving as he squared to face her. "The fuck is my problem?" He hissed, marching over to her, "Adi, are you out of your damned mind? You said you wanted to get lunch, so I wait. You don't pick up your damn phone the entire all day, and when I finally run into you, you're tipsy as hell, accepting an assignment for the mission you can't even tell me about?" "I forgot my phone and didn't tell you about a scholarship I didn't have, so throw a hissy fit and walk off?" Adea shouted back. McCoy exhaled deeply, the line between his brows wrinkling. "Dammit, Adi, I don't care about the phone," he replied, his drawl becoming more pronounced as his voice raised, "Why didn't you say anything about the Adair Fellowship?" "Because I didn't know," she retorted dryly, "What was I supposed to say?" "You knew you applied," he shot back,"Ever think it might be nice to say hey, I might be leaving for deep space for the next year and a half." "Since when the hell do I have to tell you anything," Adea countered. "Since you decided to blast off into space without another word!" McCoy yelled, "At least I told you when I left, Adi. I didn't fuck off without saying goodbye to you." "Do you honestly believe I am the type of person who would leave without telling you?" Adea asked incredulously. "Sure as hell seemed like it," he retorted coldly. Adea stared back at the unfamiliar expression burning in his eyes as he glared back at her, her heart pounding in her chest. His expression had only flickered for a moment before softening, a brief pang of regret flashing in his eyes. But it was too late. She snapped. "What is the point, Lee?" Adea spat, "So we can continue to act like we don't know each other in front of other people for another two years? You don't know even know what I had to give up and risk to be where I am now, you don't even care! So if all you can do is storm off and rant about about how I'm planning to abandon you, forgive me if I find it impossible to abandon a relationship doesn't fucking exist!" The moment the words had left her lips she regretted it, a wave of nausea rolling over her. He stared back at her blankly, his mouth slightly open. Adea inhaled shakely, a hot tear rolling down her cheek as he watched her. The chime of a PADD notifications broke the silence as Adea's purse began vibrating. She ignored it, as McCoy looked away from her, glancing down at his own PADD notifications. He stared for a moment at the illuminated screen, the line between his eyes wrinkling as he began to shake his head slowly. "Lieutenant Uhura just sent me a message to thank me for supporting her sister with the thesis that helped her win the Adair Scholarship," he repeated slowly, looking up at Adea. Adea swallowed dryly as the plaza around her began to spin dangerously, a sinking feeling building in the pit of her stomach as his words echoed in her head. Lieutenant Uhura. Her sister. "Lee, it's-" "Dammit, I'd ask if it were true, but that look," he trailed off, glancing down at the PADD as he shook his head. Adi stared numbly forward, her vision blurring with tears. She had not known what he would do if he found out, but anything was better than the disappointed contempt he watched her with now. "So what exactly was your plan, Adi? " he scoffed, "Lie to me and let me know when it became relevant like your scholarship? Hope it doesn't implode and hurt the people around you? Or just continue pretending like you care about anyone else when you can't be bothered to give a damn about anyone but yourself?" She opened her mouth, but he shook his head in response, walking away without another word. PRESENT "You're awfully quiet, A," Carol mused, eyeing Adea from across her room. Adea shrugged in response, turning back to her PADD as Carol snatched it out of her hands. "What the hell are you-" "Dr. McCoy's Starfleet profile?" Carol mused, holding the PADD out of Adea's reach, "You said you were reading through a report on Temeres." "Give it back," Adea ordered, a hot flush rushing to her cheeks as she glared at Carol. "No, absolutely not," Carol replied, "Not if you're going to do this with it." "Carol!" Adea hissed, snatching at the PADD as Carol rotated sharply, scrolling through the page. "Born in Atlanta, Georgia on January 20," Carol read aloud, pacing away from Adea. "Damn it, Carol, give it back," Adea hissed, as Carol turned again. "Graduated from the University of Mississippi, magna cum laude," Carol continued, holding the PADD to her chest, "Do you want to talk about this or shall I continue?" "That's extortion," Adea replied dryly, snatching the PADD back from Carol. "Are you going to wait three years to talk again?" Carol asked, raising a brow as she settled onto Adea's sofa, "Adi, I'm worried about you." "I'm sure you are, but I'm fine," Adea concluded, switching on her tea kettle. "Are you?" Carol questioned. "Yes," Adea answered, "In fact, I am ahead of schedule for my first four planet reports." "You know I'm not talked about that, Adi," Carol frowned. "Then enlighten me," Adea mused dryly. "You're living in a permanent rotation of the lab, the ship's archive, and your room," Carol began, "You barely talk to anyone. You work impossibly late, and you are the first one up every morning. I'm positive you have no hobbies on this ship besides work." "Your point?" Adea huffed. "It's bad enough watching you two interact," Carol continued, "But now here you are, lying about the Temeres report and reading his Starfleet profile. What is going on with you two?" "Nothing," Adea stated firmly, handing Carol a tea mug as she sat on her bed with her own. "I find that hard to believe," Carol continued, "Everyday you two find some petty tit for tat to argue about. He seems hellbent on bringing up the past every chance he gets. You still have that Starfleet Medical shirt shoved haphazardly under your pillow like I wouldn't notice. If that's not enough, I can't count how many times I've caught one of you staring at the other thinking the other is not looking. What's going on?" "I don't know," Adea frowned, glaring at the wall in front of her as she sipped her tea. "You don't know or you don't want to acknowledge it?" Carol pushed. "I don't know," Adea shrugged, frowning into her mug, "And to be honest, I don't think I want to." "Don't think you want to?" Carol repeated, "Adi, do you still feel something for him?" ""It doesn't matter what I feel. It changes nothing," Adea sighed. "Have a tried talking to him?" Carol asked. "You're hilarious, Carol," Adea laughed dryly, "You say that like he'd even give me a chance to talk. Then what? We figure things out again? Wait until someone finds out when things really began? It'll be fun. I become the slutty student who slept her way to her position. He gets reprimanded for having slept with his subordinate." "If it's the past coming out that worries you then say it started aboard once you were assigned to the same ship as officers," Carol pointed out, "You're not his student anymore." "Well I was when this started," Adea continued, "And all of this, is still excluding the wrath of Nyota. Imagine what'll happen once she finds out her baby sister risked her professional reputation by fucking around with one of her beloved crew members. A crew member, might I add, who is older than Nyota." "You still haven't mentioned what you want," Carol pressed, "You can't make decisions based on what won't piss off Nyota." "Of course, because that worked out so well with Adam?" Adea snapped coldly. Carol frowned, catching the pained look in Adea's eyes. She sighed, moving to sit next to Adea before speaking up again. "As much as you and Nyota resent one other sometimes, I don't think she ever meant to hurt you like that," Carol replied slowly. "Yet she does know how our mother is," Adea scoffed, "And she still chose to involve her. Don't take her side." Adea stood up from her bed, returning the tea mugs to the kitchen as they sat in silence. "Adi, I'm not taking her side," Carol spoke up softly, "But still, after everything, you can't let worrying about Nyota shape what you want." "Frankly, it's my choice what I do," Adea snapped back, "And what assumptions I consider when doing so." "Did you ever tell McCoy what happened?" Carol asked after a pause. "Is that a joke?" Adea laughed. "No, it's not, A," Carol replied, "Did you?" "What do you think, Carol? I tried to tell him everything after he found out," Adea mused miserably, "Do you think he cared to listen at that point? I'd barely mentioned Adam's name when he assumed that's why I didn't tell him about leaving for the Adair Fellowship." "And?" Carol pressed. "And? A door was slammed in my face," Adea shrugged, staring blankly ahead, "So yes, Carol, I tried." "Adi, you never told me you talked to him again," Carol replied slowly, standing up to join Adea at the sink. "No, I didn't," Adea frowned, scrubbing angrily at the tea cups, "Because it didn't matter then and it doesn't matter now. You didn't see the look in his eyes when he said it Carol. He hated me and he still does." "He doesn't hate you, Adi," Carol frowned. "Carol, I don't need your pity or your theories," Adea mumbled, rinsing the glasses. "I'm not pitying you, A," Carol replied, "But you can't honestly believe, after all this time, he's still mad at you for the hell of it. McCoy is not over you, Adi." "Are you done, Car?" Adea sighed, rubbing her temples. "For now, yes," Carol relinquished, exhaling loudly, "But if I catch you looking at his profile again instead of reviewing, you won't hear the end of it." "That's the last thing you need to worry about," Adea replied, picking up her PADD as she refound her place on the sofa. "For now," Carol mused innocently. "What was that?" Adea replied, eyeing Carol as she sat down on her bed. "Oh, nothing," Carol sighed, smirking at Adea, "Nothing at all." Til next time, Live Long and Prosper - Case H.
Adea backed slowly out of her cabin, quietly pulling the door shut as she stepped into the dimmed corridor. She had soldiered on for another week after speaking with Carol, burying herself in work as she stubbornly tried to avoid the truth: she was going to need more than work if she wanted to make it off the ship with her sanity in tact. This morning she had set her alarm for 4:30 earth time, hoping to secure a quiet moment before the majority of the crew woke up. Enough time for a quick- "Hi." "Fucking hell," Adea swore, jumping as she spun around. "Morning run?" Kirk smiled, his blue eyes twinkling. From her childhood, her mother had insisted on military level formality at all times. Grades. Attire. Manners. Behavior. Nothing was to be out of place. Adea stared back at Kirk in his sports attire, a faint blush shading her cheeks as she pulled down nervously at the short hem of her shorts. So much for a life of situational formality. "Captain, my apologies," she mumbled swiftly, "I didn't see you there." "My apologies," he repeated mockingly, "Who even says that? Call me Kirk." Adea stared at him blankly, hesitatingly opening her mouth before closing it again. Her poor mother would die if she could see this. "Hey, Mini!" Kirk replied, whistling for her attention, "Are you still running?" "I was just going to do a few laps around the living quarters, Captain", Adea mumbled quietly, eyeing Kirk as he began jogging excitedly in place. How was anyone this energetic this early? "Kirk," he corrected, "And perfect. I was just about to start. Want to join me? Sulu's be slacking off. I need a new running partner." "Um-" "It'll be fun, I promise," Kirk piped up, gesturing down the hall. "Ok," Adea sighed slowly, giving in as they took off slowly down the corridor. 30 Minutes Later. Typically Adea preferred running with music, drowning out the noises and distractions around her. All she needed was silence and focus to run. Kirk on the other hand- "Is your hair always this curly?" Kirk mused, catching up to her with ease. Adea frowned, huffing as her attempt to outrun him failed. "I didn't straighten it," Adea panted in response. "It's cool," Kirk continued, "Really bouncy. Why doesn't Uhura ever wear her hair curly?" "I don't know," Adea sighed. "You guys are what, four years apart?" Kirk quizzed, "You're twenty-four if I read your record correctly?" "Yes," Adea panted. "What's up with the last names? Because you're Lieutenant Ele and she's Lieutenant Uhura," Kirk questioned, "Are you guys like half-sisters? I mean, you look enough alike?" Adea's annoyed frown deepened. "We're fully sisters," Adea huffed as they rounded a corner, "We have a double last name. It's Uhura-Ele." "So technically speaking, you're Lieutenant Uhura too?" Kirk mused. His talking was going to be the death of her. "So, is it just the two of you or are there more?" Kirk pressed on, taking her lack of response as an answer. "Just us," Adea answered shortly. "That explains a lot," Kirk concluded after a pause. They slowed as they rounded corner, finishing their final lap. "Walk a lap?" Kirk offered, waving his finger in a circle. Adea nodded and they began walking slowly, Kirk's last comment echoing in her head. "What do you mean?" Adea panted finally, looking up at him, "It explains a lot?" "I mean, Uhura," he paused, smirking, "A bit overprotective isn't she?" "A bit overprotective?" Adea snorted, "That's a diplomatic way of putting it." "She's seems worried about you," Kirk shrugged. "Worried?" Adea repeated, her frown returning, "Last week she wanted me to prove I could fire a gun before I participated in a virtual combat simulation. It's not worry. She thinks I'm incompetent." "You think it's intense now, you should have heard her before you boarded," Kirk laughed, "Before I boarded?" Adea repeated, her frown returning. "She threatened to chop my balls off if I so much as touched you," Kirk laughed, "Good fun." "What?!" Adea choked, her face burning as she stared back at Kirk, "She said that? To you?" "Surprisingly not the worse threat I've gotten from her," Kirk admitted, laughing, "I wouldn't sweat it though." "Don't sweat it?" Adea repeated, her tone wavering dangerously, "I'm going to kill her." "I think she's just overly cautious when it comes to you," Kirk shrugged, "I mean, it's not like you need it. I think you're more than capable of making decisions by yourself about what you want-" He trailed off, catching the questioning look in her eyes. "I mean, not like that, not about me, necessarily," he correctly awkwardly, "Just, I- My mother was really protective of me growing up. It's tough when someone cares so much, they don't even trust you to take care of yourself. I spent most of my childhood rebelling against it, doing things that probably should have gotten me killed or thrown in jail. Just, I get it. It's hard." "Yeah, it is," Adea sighed slowly, smirking slowly to herself as she grabbed her foot to stretch her quad. As much as she hated to admit it, he was starting to grow on her. "I like you, Mini," Kirk announced suddenly, stretching his arm across his chest. "Mini?" she repeatedly dryly, "Who's mini?" "I'm calling you that," Kirk stated proudly. "Like Mini-Uhura?" Adea frowned, her brows knitting. "No, like miniature," Kirk clarified, gesturing with his fingers. "How on Earth is that better?" Adea blinked, unamused. "C'mon, you're like five-foot nothing," Kirk sighed, "A nickname was bound to happen." "I'm five-foot five," Adea frowned. "Think of it as a badge of pride," he explained in a mockingly serious tone, "Everyone gets one." "Miniature, Scotty the Scotsman, and Bones the Doctor," she mused, thinking back to the names she'd already heard, "You're really creative Kirk." "Hey!" Kirk teased, "Bones came up with his." "Mhmm," Adea drawled, envisioning McCoy's response, "Very likely." "I swear it. His own words," Kirk continued, "Wife left him with nothing but his bones." "He has a wife?" Adea sputtered, nearly falling out of her stretch. A wave of nausea washed over Adea as she stared back at Kirk, her heart racing. McCoy had a wife? She felt dizzy as she racked her brain, trying to make sense of Kirk's words. When had McCoy been married? In the three years they had known each other, McCoy had never once mentioned he had a wife. No ring. No photos. Nothing. Save a handful of mementos from previous voyages, there were no personal momentos in his apartment. They must have split before? It had to be the case. But what if they hadn't... "Had one," Kirk corrected, oblivious to her panic, "I know, right? Wasn't expecting that either." "Yeah, of course," she replied quickly, her voice strained. Kirk finished stretching, glancing at his watch. "Alright, time to be a captain again," Kirk announced, his smile faltering as he looked up at her, "You alright, Mini?" "Too much running," she lied quickly, shaking her head. She need to get a grip. "I think I need to eat something." "Breakfast in the mess hall at 6:30?" Kirk offered, tossing his towel around his neck. "Sure," she mumbled numbly, "See you then." Kirk raised his thumb in response as he disappeared around the corner, leaving Adea to stand alone in the hallway. Adea ambled numbly back to her room, her stomach sinking as she racked her memories for anything he would have said about it. Brief jokes about no one waiting for him when they'd started spending time in his office. A comment once about never having found the right person. Asking if she was dating anyone. But he had never once mentioned it, and she'd always assumed it was obvious he didn't. Why the hell didn't she ask then? She tossed her sweatshirt off into the hamper, running her hands over her face as Kirk's words echoed in her head. Had one. There had always been something exciting about sneaking around the Academy to meet him, but hiding the fact she was a student was a far cry from being the other woman. Had McCoy lied to her about having a wife? Adea exhaled shakily, fumbling with shower faucet as she turned it on. She wouldn't be able to forgive him if he'd hidden something like that from her. She needed to know. McCoy glanced away from the grey clumpy mixture in his bowl, staring across the cafeteria at the dark waves curling to middle of Adea's back. She rarely wore it that way, always complaining about how frizzy it got in San Francisco's humidity. He smirked in spite of himself, returning his gaze to the bowl in front of him. He'd always found her curly hair beautiful. As smart and determined as she was, he'd always figured it was only a matter of time before they ended up on the same high-level assignment. He'd even known two weeks before she did that she'd been assigned to Enterprise. Still, no amount of advanced warning could prepare him for the wave of emotions he felt seeing her again. To this day he had no idea what in the Sam Hill possessed him to kiss her that time - let alone what had motivated him to keep coming back. It felt like since he'd met her, he'd been trying to get her out of his head. That pang in his stomach every time he saw her. That itch under his skin that tugged away at his anger every time her was near her. The way her blush reached her freckled nose when they first met. Her loud huffs everytime she was frustrated. The smile that would reach those big hazel eyes of hers every time she caught him looking at her. How she arched her neck and shivered when she came for him. Every bone in his body knew no good could come from falling for her. Before Adea, his own wife had gotten bored of him, fucking off to sleep with her colleague and taking everything they'd built together in the process. Adea was eleven years his junior, with a bright future ahead of her. Why on Earth would she stay? There was no reason she'd truly fall for him. And he'd been right. She'd left him and blasted off into space the first chance she could. "It's better than it looks," Kirk offered, sitting a tray down besides him. "Dammit Jim, you gotta stop with the surprise greetings," McCoy groaned, "You'll give a man a heart attack." "It's a good thing we have a doctor on board," Kirk smirked, clapping him on the back as he sat. "Not if he dies of shock," McCoy muttered under his breath. "What do you have left this afternoon, Bones?" Kirk started, digging into his soup, "I saw you're fitting Mini for the EV?" "Who's Mini?" McCoy questioned. Here he goes with the nicknames. "Lieutenant Ele," Kirk clarified, nodding towards Adea, "She's fine with it." McCoy raised an eyebrow, knowing damn well what she probably thought of the name. Since when did Jim know her well enough to give her a nickname? "Fine with it or doesn't know?" McCoy continued, sniffing suspiciously at the soup, "Besides, since when do you two know each other so well?" "Fine with it. She's like a less wound up Uhura. Less judgy. More brooding cynicism," Kirk explained, "You knew her already, right?" "I mean she works across from Med Bay," McCoy offered simply. "I meant before this," Kirk continued, "Weren't you her professor or something like that?" "I just advised her thesis," McCoy replied briskly, shrugging, "But she did most of that on her own. We didn't really talk much. Hell, I didn't even know she was Nyota's sister." "Kinda tense between them isn't it?" Kirk asked, "Adea and Nyota?" "Is it?" McCoy mused honestly, leaving the spoon in the bowl as he gave up on his soup. "How have you not noticed?" Kirk huffed, "They barely talk to each other. When they do, it sounds forced. I mean, have you even seen them together on this ship when they don't have to be?" "I try to stay out of other people's business," McCoy sighed in response. It wasn't untrue. If putting Adea out of his mind wasn't his primary preoccupation in the last few months, avoiding any and all occasion to stand in the same room as her and Nyota certainly was. "That's why you're boring," Kirk huffed, shoveling another spoonful into his mouth, "Either way, I really like Adea." "You like her?" McCoy repeated, his voice controlled as he raised a brow. "No, not like that," Kirk replied quickly, shaking his head as he glanced towards her table, "Besides, I have a thing for blondes." "You have a thing for anything that moves," McCoy snorted, ignoring the pang of relief as he exhaled, "I'm getting something other than this...soup. Space is bad enough without food poisoning." McCoy stood up quickly, pinching the bridge of his nose as he made his way back to the queue. Jim's gabbing was going to be the end of him one day. Adea sat on the edge of the examination table, drumming her fingers rapidly against the padded seat. She tried remain calm as McCoy paced around the lab, his dark hair falling into his eyes. "Your heart rate is elevated," McCoy stated clinically, handing her a white metal egg, "Hold this." Was it really? It was no hope. She knew she needed to ask but she couldn't find the words. Hi, any chance your divorce coincided with fucking your student? She needed time to calm down, but she longer she waited, the more stressed she became. "Hold out your arms," he instructed calmly, holding up a corporal scanner. He had scanned her for a few seconds when he stopped abruptly, frowning. "Jesus, Adi, what did you do to your side?" McCoy questioned suddenly, pulling up the hem of her shirt to reveal a large scar. "I fell," she snapped curtly, snatching down her shirt. "You fell?" McCoy repeated incredulously, his voice raising as his hands remained on the edge of her shirt. She exhaled slowly, relenting as he lifted the side of her shirt, his fingers grazing her side. "You fell?" he repeated slowly, his fingers lightly tracing the scar that fanned from a dark line across her ribs, "Adi, is this a scar from an electrical shock?" "The doctor of the Constitution cleared me two weeks after it happened," she answered quickly. "Cleared you of what?" McCoy pressed, setting down the scanner. She was two weeks into her assignment aboard the Constitution when an unexpected issue with the thrusters had caused the ship to lurch sharply. Sixteen were hurt, four seriously. Adea had been thrown against railing, fracturing two ribs and bruising four. As she'd tried to sit up, a live wire came in contact with the railing, the electricity searing a jagged scar across her ribs. An emergency power shut off saved her. Any higher voltage or longer exposure would have caused far more damage than scar. She hated talking about it. All it caused was unnecessary worry and attention, for minor fractures than had since been healed, and a burn with minimal lasting tissue damage. "It's fine," she concluded. "So you broke your ribs and nearly got yourself fried?" McCoy frowned, "Adi you could have died." "Technically not," Adea sighed dryly, "The voltage was not high enough." "I'm serious," he urged, the concern in his eyes growing urgent, "Were you going to say something?" "Were you going to say something about your wife?" She blurted out. He stared back at her, his expression pained distant, "Adi, what-" "Bones, your nickname," she mumbled, her stomach sinking as she watched the flicker of recognition in his eyes, "Kirk said it was because you said your wife left you." McCoy said nothing, his expression going blank. "I don't want to talk about it," he stately coldly, turning to enter something on the PADD. "Were you married?" Adea pressed, stepping down slowly from the examination table. "I said, I don't want to talk about it," McCoy repeated sternly. "When were you married, Lee?" Adea whispered. "It's none of your damn business Adi," he growled, setting the PADD down hard on table, "You're exam is finished. You can go." Why wouldn't he answer her? Adea watched him slowly, the cold sinking feeling in the pit of her stomach intensifying as he ignored her questions. "Lee, did she leave because of me?" Adea asked quietly, her voice cracking as her heart pounded in her chest. "Goddammit, Adi, I told you to mind your own fucking business!" Adea jumped as McCoy slammed his hand down sharply on the table next to her. She had seen him mad before but this was something new entirely. He was livid. She stared back at him in shock, painfully stumbling into the table behind her as he glared at her. "Get the hell out of my lab," his hissed, his voice deathly low. Adea edged past him quickly, brushing past his shoulder as she raced towards the elevator. She waited until the doors had closed behind her to turn around, leaning her head against the wall as she hastily wiped a hot tear from her face. She ignored a wave of nausea as she took another shaky breath, crossing her arms tightly to keep them from trembling. Why did everything in her life have to wind up so complicated? Complicated indeed. Live long and prosper - C.H.
Past (Stardate 2256) Adea exhaled shakily, nervously adjusting her scarf against the wind. She stared back at the closed door, swallowing as she reached forward slowly, ringing the doorbell. She crossed her arms as she stared blankly at the ground, her heartbeat deafening as a flurry of movement echoed behind the door. The faint glimmer of hope in her chest faded as the door opened, McCoy's cold, distant glare cutting like a knife. "What do you want?" He spat coldly. Adea inhaled sharply, fumbling with the hem of her jacket as her throat ran dry. "Can I talk to you, Lee?" she asked quietly. "You're doing that now, aren't you?" he mused sarcastically, crossing his arms as he leaned against the doorframe. "Can I come in?" Adea asked quietly. "Don't you have a sister to visit?" McCoy retorted. "I-I wanted to talk to you," Adea mumbled, breathing shakily. "About what exactly?" McCoy mused dryly, raising his eyebrows, "Planning to leave for an assignment without so much as mentioning it?" "I wasn't going to leave without-" "Or lying about your sister?" McCoy continued, his voice raising, "Imagine the crew learning that time-bomb of a secret halfway through a five year mission. Space is hell enough, without half the crew hating me." "It's not like that-" "Or that everything between us never fucking existed?" He pressed on, stepping towards her, "Those were your exact words, right?" "Lee, that's not wh-" "So what? Did you forget something in the apartment?" McCoy spat. "Lee, will you please listen to me," Adea urged, raising her arms in exasperation, "I didn't want to lose you-" "Well that worked out well for you, Cadet Uhura," McCoy sighed. "Lee, please, let me talk," Adea pleaded, "It's more complicated than that." "I don't think it's very complicated at all," McCoy retorted, "You got bored-" "No, I didn't," Adea replied, tears blurring her eyes. "-then just decided to fuck off without giving a damn," McCoy continued. "Lee, it's not like that," Adea urged. "-forget everything, like it never happened" McCoy pressed on. "Please, Lee, will you listen!" Adea snapped, a hot tear burning its way down her face. "What is there to listen to?" McCoy shouted back. "Lee, I didn't want to lose you!" Adea replied, wiping hastily at her face, "That's why I lied, why I didn't want to find out if this was serious, why I didn't tell you about Nyota. I-I panicked. I didn't want you to get hurt." "In what universe did you think this wouldn't hurt?" McCoy snapped back. "Lee, please. There was someone else," Adea started, her stomach twisting as she stared up at him, "Adam. I-I knew him since high school and he was at the Academy- " "And let me guess, you fucked him too and didn't give a shit about what happened to him either," McCoy drawled harshly. Adea stared back at McCoy in shocked silence, a sinking guilt constricting her chest as his words echoed in her head. She glanced away quickly, staring hard at the ground as tear fell onto the concrete beside her foot. Her words caught in her throat as she met his gaze again, unsure where to begin. Or if he'd even believe her at this point. "Lee, please," Adea stuttered quietly. "I don't have time for your sorry excuses," McCoy interrupted coldly, stepping back into his apartment. And with a loud clack, Adea found herself facing the same closed door she'd arrived at. Present (Stardate 2258) - Adea's Cabin Adea leaned forward against the desk, her fingers pausing over the keyboard as her phone chimed. She glanced down frowning, waving a finger across the screen. Carol (1:27): A, what's wrong? Adea drummed her fingers against the desk, exhaling slowly as she typed a response with her free hand. Adea (1:28): Why do you always think something's wrong? Adea turned back to her PADD screen, typing the end of her sentence in the report. Since this afternoon, all she'd wanted to do was be left alone. It was bad enough she'd had her EV suit fitting scheduled after her medical exam. She'd had to wait another two hours before she could return to the people-less silence of her own room. She frowned as another notification chimed, appearing on her screen. Carol (1:30): That's not a response…. Adea (1:35): I'm writing preliminary report for Ujaar…..which I can't do with your notifications every few seconds. Why are you awake anyways? Carol (1:37): Why are you still awake? Adea massaged her temples, leaning back in her chair as a knock sounded through the room. She groaned loudly, stretching her arms over her head as she stood. She tossed her phone onto her bed, huffing loudly as she flung open her door. "What the hell, Carol, I said I-" Adea started. She fell silent as her she recognized McCoy, a cold weight building in her chest as her eyes trailed from his unusually disheveled hair to the painfully familiar grey of his shirt. "Adi," he breathed, taking a hesitant step towards her as he ran a nervous hand through his hair. "What do you want, Lee?" Adea mused miserably, crossing her arms as she stood firmly in the doorway, "It's past 1am." "I,uh, saw you were still updating the report log," he offered nervously, dragging his attention away from the sheer tank top she now wore, "I figured you were up." "So, what? You wanted to help? You should go," Adi sighed coldly, moving to shut her door as McCoy blocked it with his hand. "Adi, wait!" McCoy spoke up, promptly moving his hand from her door as she glared up at him, "I wanted to talk to you." "What is there to say, Lee?" Adea frowned, moving to close the door again, "I said I-" "I was divorced before I met you, Adi," McCoy stated abruptly, "Well before I met you." Adea hesitated, her hand on the door as she glanced up at him. "I know there's a snowball's chance in hell you even want to talk to me after how I treated you this afternoon," he continued, the emotion straining in his voice, "But I owe you an explanation and an apology." "Can I talk to you, Adi?" he concluded quietly, his voice urgent, "Please." Adea hesitated for moment before relenting wordlessly, gesturing him into her room. She yanked a sweatshirt on, pulling it as low as she could over her shorts as she took a seat on her bed. McCoy entered slowly, glancing quickly around the room before sitting down besides her. He exhaled loudly, his brow wrinkling as he began talking. "I got married when I was twenty-two," he started slowly, staring down at his hands, "We studied together during my Bachelor's studies, and we got married right before I started med school." McCoy exhaled slowly, his eyes distant. "Then one day six years later, she left me for someone else. Filed for divorce a month later," McCoy continued, "She took everything we had together in the process. The apartment we shared was hers to begin with, so she kept that and almost everything in it. Most of my friends at the time were our mutual ones from school, so in the fallout of everything that followed, I lost most of them too. I had nothing and noone so I left and joined Starfleet." "Lee, I had no idea," Adea replied quietly. "How could you have known, Adi?" He responded, the pained look in his green eyes softening as he glanced up at her, "Why I would care so much that you would want to leave? Or that you're Nyota's sister? There are few things in this world I hate more than talking about being divorced, but I know why you asked today." He paused, trailing off as he inhaled slowly. "I never should have yelled at you like that," McCoy sighed sadly, staring back at Adea, "And for taking my anger about this out on 's no excuse, and I am so sorry, Adi." "Thank you for telling me," Adea replied softly, reaching forward to place her hand over his. McCoy's mouth twitched upwards in a smirk, his thumb brushing over the back of her hand. "While I'm at it," he continued, "I should probably apologize for being a jerk to you since your boarded the Enterprise." "Just a jerk?" Adea questioned, "I don't suppose that meeting in the Admiral's office counts too?" "Is complete asshole better?" McCoy smirked. "Depends," Adea sighed, raising her eyebrows innocently,"Are lab reports due Wednesdays or Thursdays now?" "You have jokes?" McCoy mused. "They come out from time to time," Adea shrugged. "Probably for the best," McCoy murmured, "Your jokes are terrible." Adea feigned a frown as McCoy raised his brows in amusement, smiling as he glanced down at their hands. He looked up slowly, a confused look of surprise briefly flickering in his eyes before he met hers. Adea stared back at him in confusion as he opened his mouth to speak, hesitating for a moment before closing it again. She swallowed nervously, her confusion beginning to give way to a familiar pang in her chest. "I, uh, don't think I will get much more work done now," she admitted abruptly, a slight blush rising to her cheeks as she stood. "Yeah, of course," McCoy replied quickly, standing, "I'll let you sleep." She hesitated for a moment before reaching forward, wrapping her arms around his waist in hug. McCoy exhaled slowly, wrapping his arms around her shoulders as he rested his chin on her head. His lips brushed her hair as he kissed the top of her head softly, reaching up slowly to brush her cheek with his thumb. He leaned back slowly, his hands trailing down her arms as he watched her silently, his mouth twitching up in a smirk. "Good night, Adi," he sighed softly, his hands leaving her arms as he turned towards the door. "Good night, Lee," she replied quietly, her voice catching in her throat as he disappeared through her door. Adea walked back slowly towards her bed, collapsing onto it. She stared up the ceiling, exhaling steadily as she ignored the tingle buzzing her chest. So he didn't hate her. What she would have given to know that information two years ago. Now it just made her feel...She frowned, rubbing the back of her hand as if it would get rid of the sensation of his thumb against her skin. It didn't matter what she felt. A relationship would never work out between them without a high chance of it imploding again. Then where would they be? Broken hearted and stuck on the same ship together? Even if it did work, it was ticking time bomb. Sneaking around in secret on a small ship? Hiding their emotions to the entire crew? Ignoring the age gap between a young lieutenant in her twenties and a divorced doctor in his thirties? Adea huffed, letting her arms fall to her side, hating herself as thought back to the feeling of her cheek against his chest moments ago. And God forbid if her sister ever learned about the two of them. Misplaced concern had let Nyota to intervene in Adea's relationship with Adam, but that concern would come nowhere close Nyota's wrath if she ever found out one of her crewmates was screwing his baby sister. As a student, no less. Adea rubbed her eyes, frowning as she stared up at her ceiling. No. She had to get a hold of herself. She'd fallen for McCoy too, and she'd be damned if he would be the one to pay for her choices. If only she could have done the same for Adam. A (Long-Overdue) Confession Time: 1. One of the reasons I chose rewrite the original 6 chapters was to give more background to the character's and their motivations. So, building upon the original apology scene which some of you may remember - Enjoy this new chapter! 2. You may be asking yourself - why does Adea care so much about herself and McCoy when Spock and Uhura exists? Well that is an excellent question. As mentioned (and coming in the next chapter) they are not the best of friends and are barely on speaking terms. So at this point in the story, Adea does not know about their relationship. Will she ever find out? Well! Wouldn't you like to know ;) 3. Season 2 trailer of the Boys is out. *sigh* dark alternative universe (British?) McCoy. Until then, I will be rewinding and replaying the first two minutes of Karl Urban in S01E04 4. Read, review, follow, favorite! I like to hear what you think :) Live long and Prosper - Case H.
