Title: Red Sand Fandom Star trek 2009 Rating: M Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Star Trek characters or settings. The only one I can claim is Samantha and Pike's daughter Alex 240 years ago: and eight hours This time it was different. The halls were deserted instead of filled with scientists. For some reason this scared her and she began to run. She ran to where they kept him first and he wasn't there. She tried the lounge and the yard, even the gym but he was nowhere to be found. None of them were and it was beginning to worry her. I mean it wasn't like he couldn't take care of himself but still he was her friend. She heard the banging and shouting and rushed towards it. The door to the hall opened as she neared it and she walked into the control room. If there was one place that knew where he was it was here. She glanced around at the hundreds of monitors. She spotted them right away. They were locked inside some sort of tank. She vaguely remembered him saying something about tests to see how long they could hold their breath. This one wasn't filled with water though it was filling up with some sort of gas. Some of them were banging on the glass trying to break it. She turned her gaze to the screen next to it and found the scientists having some sort of party. She pushed the button for the audio feed. "It should only be a few more minutes and we can call this project a wash" said one of the scientists. She recognized him as Singh. She remembered that he hated that he shared a name with this horrible little man. Her stomach dropped. It wasn't a test they were trying to kill them. Fury flared and Sam searched for the door overrides. She found the ones for the tank and hit the open buttons. One of them flung open the outer door and the hall filled with smoke. They stumbled into the hall all eighty two of them. She spotted his black hair before he disappeared out the door. The scientists didn't seem to notice that their quarry had escaped yet. She flipped the switches to turn on the fans to dissipate the gas in the hall. The smoke cleared and he looked up at the camera. He looked angry and so did the others. Same locked the doors leading to the outside and then one by one unlocked the doors between the scientists and them. She watched as they made their way towards the scientists. Her gaze fell on the party again they still were oblivious. Sam locked the control room door and sat down. They reached the door and Sam held her breath. The door slowly opened and his followers rushed into the room. It was like watching an extremely violent movie in slow motion. She closed her eyes and shut off the audio. The bright spot of crimson on the screen drew her attention. He was staring up at the camera like he knew she was on the other side. She touched the screen right where the side of his face was. "run sweetheart, I'll find you" said Sam He seemed to have heard her or one of his friends said something to him. He turned away and nodded to whatever the man said. One of them started lighting fires and the rest left the room in search of more victims. It was time to leave. Sam stood and made her way towards the door. She exited the control room into acidic smelling smoke and the smell of copper. As she made her way towards where she came in she noted the bodies. She tripped over one and screamed when she landed in his blood. She scrambled away. Footsteps were running in her direction. She wasn't sure if his followers would recognize her as a friend so she ran. Someone shot at her and then she woke with a scream dying on her lips. When she sat up her room had a Smokey haze hanging in the room. Her door swung open before she could reach the window to air it out. Samantha closed the door to her Volkswagen. The trunk was full to bursting and so was her backseat. With the exception of her crappy thrift store furniture everything she owned was in her car. She turned and looked back at her mother standing in the doorway. She looked sad with that shawl wrapped around her shoulders. Sam wanted to give her a hug but they were never the hugging type. Her stepfather was not home at the moment and it would make this a whole lot less pleasant if he was. Sam mouthed I love you and climbed into the driver's seat and cranked the engine. Her cat in the carrier next to her gave a frightened mewl. "Easy Watson it's going to be all right" said Sam The cat gave his equivalent of an indignant snort and curled up to sleep. Sam shifted the 69 bug into reverse and pulled out of the driveway. Drove it out of town and headed for the highway 44 heading out of Tulsa. It was going to be a long trip to Vegas. Everything was fine until she hit the outskirts of Albuquerque. That is where it all went south. She was driving across a bridge when suddenly it wasn't there and she was free falling. Sam screamed she knew she did because the last thing she remembered hearing was the dying echo of that scream. 5 years ago, awakening The sound of beeping and muted voices greeted her as she finally opened her eyes. When she finally did she screamed because what was leaning over her was the biggest bug she had ever seen. The bug back peddled and hit a panel on the wall. Some guys in white came into the room but by this time she couldn't stop screaming to acknowledge them. One of the nurses stuck a shot into her neck and she was out again. When she awoke again she was restrained but the doctors she saw from then on were human. She figured out it was a hospital on the third day. It wasn't until the fifth day that she actually found out what was going on. They released her after she talked to the psych guy, who asked her all about her hometown and a bunch of questions about her interaction with aliens. After she laughed her ass off at him, and he asked the year, she abruptly sobered when he said it was 2253 not 2013. She sat there trying to process what he was trying to say and drew a blank. Her mind just refused to function. They put her in a padded room for a few days when she went catatonic. She could hear the doctors talking about her or to her but for some reason other than a slight twitch to her eyebrow she acknowledged nothing for the next few weeks. So they called in a specialist, a man with pointy ears that reached into her head and woke her back up. She blinked and slowly registered the being in front of her. Was she dead and if so what gives with the lord of the rings want a be staring at her? For the next few days she went through the motions. Moving through this world as if stuck in a daze. On the third week they brought in the lady from social services and talked to her about her options. "Level of education?" said the woman Sam frowned at her "Tenth" said Sam "Tenth what you were tenth in your class, what" said the woman Sam turned back towards her. Noted the woman's first name was Molly, "No tenth grade" said Sam The woman, no Molly, frowned at her. "Tenth grade of what?" said the woman Sam looked confused then irritated. It seemed to be her perpetual mood in this place. She didn't used to be this easy to irritate. "High school, tenth grade of high school, I dropped out" said Sam The woman tapped away at the tablet in her hands. Sam frowned at her wondering if the tablet thing was the replacement for the cell phone. "Why?" said Molly Sam sighed and bit her nails. "I hated the drama" said Sam The woman looked less than impressed and tapped a few things on her screen. Sam could care less. "Okay, I set you up for transitional housing and got you a temporary I. D. I've enrolled you in classes so we can see where you are at academically. Please be advised there are several species that call these buildings home for months at a time" said Molly Sam guessed she was saying this because of her less than favorable reactions to some of the alien species. "My things?" said Sam Molly hesitated. "I will see what I can do" said Molly "What about Watson?" said Sam "Watson?" said Molly "My cat he was in the car with me" said Sam The woman gave her a sad look that was clearly pity. "I'll inquire" said Molly She walked out of the room with a swooshing sound as the doors opened to let her out. Sam watched her go for a few minutes then moved towards the window and stared out of it. A city stretched out as far as the eye could see, all glittering towers of glass with strange vehicles that looked like flying cars moving along multi- level highways. It was like some surreal artist's depiction of the future yet here it was. It still didn't feel real. The apartment was a small studio sized apartment with a tiny kitchenette, bathroom and sitting area that had a fold down Murphy bed. Her bags were sitting on the floor along with a note that said sorry about the cat. School was a strange experience. A thoroughly modern affair that involved electronic textbooks on one of those tablets that they called a PADD. Languages weren't limited to just earth ones and everyone seemed to want to make it into some place called Star Fleet. Sam was sitting in her first class waiting for it to begin. There was some giggling behind her and Sam guessed it was because she was dressed retro as one girl had put it earlier. She ignored them and tried to see if there were any good games on this Padd thing. So far all her classes had made her feel stupid and she just wanted the day to be over. She really wanted a round of angry birds to let out some pent up frustration. The door swooshed open and a woman walked in, she had pointed ears too. Sam stared at her in shock. Yeah she had seen a few aliens around the complex, which turned out to be some sort of home for war orphans too old to be placed with a family, but she really didn't interact with them. The woman said something in her native tongue and looked at the class. Sam guessed she was waiting for a response. Sam thought about what she said. It sounded like one of the greetings the aliens said to each other. The woman looked right at Sam and she mouthed a very quiet "Moi Loma" said Sam Which she was sure meant good morning or something like that. The woman smiled and tapped her desk with her fingertips as she passed. "Moi" said the teacher and thus began the only successful class experience she ever had. It took her a year and a half to graduate. As she stood on that stage waiting to get the chip that said she graduated, she still felt out of place and she missed paper. Doing so well in the Vulcan class made others jealous, so she didn't make too many friends. Of the few she did make not one of them understood her. "So have you considered it?" said Alex She was a short dark haired girl with glasses who made a remark about her clothes on the first day. They had been friends ever since. "No honestly I haven't" said Sam Alex pouted. "Well why not you've got the marks, seriously you should consider star fleet" said Alex Sam rolled her eyes. Alex was forever going on about how great the academy was and that she couldn't wait to explore space. Sam balked at the idea. People were meant to be on the ground. Back home you couldn't get her on a plane to save her life and she detested those flying cars. No way was she even considering space. All of this still felt surreal even when she saw footage of her dramatic rescue from underneath the ice flow. An earlier article talked about a sinkhole swallowing up half the bridge but search crews never found her car at least not back then. Sam was still not sure why she didn't die back then. She should have, she knew that now but it still hasn't sunk in that she was really in the future. They called her name and Alex rose to go forward to claim her diploma. They called Sam next and she walked towards the man. He held out the diploma to her with a smile on his face. Samantha took it and stood next to her friend with the other graduates. It took them a while to finish up. Sam wandered away from the festivities when they were done, while family members embraced their graduates behind her. Sam had no one to do that here and it only made her feel more alone to see it. She headed for the exit and made her way to the public tram that would take her back to her place. She got a few strange looks because she was still wearing her cap and gown. She did it she graduated now what? She got off at her stop and made her way up to her door. Made herself some noodle cup and ate it in front of what passed for television in this day and age. She fell asleep on her couch and the buzzing of the com woke her. She hit the button to answer it before she realized it had visual. "Yeah?" said Sam It was Alex and she was so excited she was squealing "Al chill it's... Six in the morning and I haven't had any coffee yet" said Sam "I'm coming over I'll buy you coffee, get dressed you look horrible" said Alex Sam just barely resisted the urge to flip her off. The com went off and Sam groaned, she had hoped that when Alex went off to star fleet that it would be the end of those early morning phone calls. Sam wandered towards her bathroom and fired up the weird sonic shower thingy. She really missed water, what she wouldn't do for a real bath, in a tub with her loofah and bubbles. She turned so the spray could get her back. Learning to use the different cycles on this thing was just another of those things she had to get used to here. She climbed out and reached for a towel then stopped not really seeing the need to bother with one at all. She walked to her closet picked out some jeans and a t shirt and threw them on. Her door buzzer rang and she called for it to open. Alex walked in. "Where's the coffee?" said Sam She grabbed a brush and attempted to tame her curly frizz of hair. "I figured we could get it down town" said Alex She was beaming and for some reason it worried Sam. She slid her shoes on and keyed in the code to lock her door. Alex grabbed her hand and dragged her towards the lift. Alex was still bouncing with excitement and Sam wanted to ask why. The lift stopped and Sam had to run to keep up with Alex's pace as she hurried to the bistro down the street. She grabbed a seat and punched in their order on the table menu just as Sam sat down "So what is going on?" said Sam Alex dug into her bag and pulled out a chip "We got in" said Alex "Got in where and did you say we?" said Sam "The academy silly and of course I said we, I got daddy to write you a recommendation" said Alex Sam stared at her in shock. "Daddy?" said Sam Alex nodded and Sam vaguely remembered seeing a man in what looked like a military uniform. "Why would he and who is your daddy anyways?" said Sam Alex gave her a look that Sam instantly classified as irritated. "Daddy is Captain Pike, and after I told him about your background, he wrote out a recommendation for you with no questions asked. Isn't it wonderful!" said Alex Anger flared she hated it when people made decisions for her. "Al... I thought I said I didn't want to go" said Sam Alex looked hurt and Sam felt bad. Alex had been one of those painfully shy kids that didn't make friends easy either "I just thought we could be roommates, I thought..." said Alex She looked like she wanted to cry, so Sam held out her hand. "Let me see it" said Sam Alex sniffled and slid the chip across the table towards Sam. She picked it up, inserted it into her PADD and started reading. Halfway through she teared up and had to stop. "It's good huh?" said Alex Sam nodded and wiped her eyes. "Yeah I didn't... I've only talked to the man once" said Sam Alex smirked "Yeah but you made a lasting impression, he really does admire your independence" said Alex Sam sighed. "Then I suppose I should give this place a chance" said Sam A week later they were waiting for a shuttle to take them to the academy grounds in San Francisco. Sam wondered if it was too late to follow her original plan and head for Vegas. Would she even recognize the place now? The shuttle was landing and Sam eyed the metal box with trepidation. Why couldn't the academy be in a place they could reach by train? Alex was practically bouncing beside her. Sam wondered why she let Alex talk her into this again. The shuttle door opened and the group moved forward and got in some sort of line. Sam wanted to hang back but Alex pulled her forward. "Letter miss?" said the guy at the door. Sam held out her acceptance letter and the man waved her inside. He did the same thing to Alex. She tried to get a seat by the window and Sam almost sighed in relief when she noticed the only remaining ones were single seats. Sam quickly snagged two in the middle and Alex sat down next to her. "This is so exciting!" said Alex The guy on the other side of Alex gave her an amused look. "She doesn't get out much "said Sam He smirked and Alex hit her shoulder. Sam shrugged "What its true" said Sam Alex glared at her "I'm Alex and you are?" said Alex "Charles Tucker the second" said the man He looked at Sam "Samantha Morningstar" said Sam He smiled at her. "First time on a shuttle ladies" said Charles "Yeah shows that badly?" said Alex Sam sat back and let the girl flirt, because it was such a rare occurrence that Sam was disinclined to interfere. The ship tilted and the engines changed pitch. They were landing and Sam sighed in relief. They finally opened the doors and Sam quickly undid her harness and grabbed her bags. She had her clothes, her violin and journal, everything else she put in storage. She could always retrieve it later when she got her own place if she got her own place. She was staring at the academy and wondering if she had just made the biggest mistake of her life. "It looks a bit intimidating doesn't it?" said Charles "Just a little" said Sam She looped her guitar case over her shoulder and picked up her bag. "Is that a violin?" said Chuck "Yep and she plays real good too" said Alex "I'd love to hear you play sometime" he said Sam almost gave him a noncommittal grunt but Alex agreed for her. Sam rolled her eyes and headed for what she hoped was the administration building "Where are you going we have to check in over here?" said Alex She dragged her away from her lame attempt at escape and towards the sign in table. A box of chips like objects was sitting on a table in front of several older students. A line was forming in front of each table. When they reached the front the cadet behind the table asked her name. The cadet compared it to a list she had and then dug through the box for one of the chips. She handed the chip to Sam and she verified it was hers in her Padd. She nodded to the girl and moved aside to wait for Alex. While she waited she went over her schedule. Most of the things it had on it were things she didn't understand even understand the title of. This was going to be a rough year. Alex skipped to her side looking very chipper and Sam remembered that Alex was one of those people that got good grades without seeming to have to try. Whereas Sam had to work her ass off to just get average marks. "Well what did you get, let me see" said Alex Sam handed her Padd to Alex and took hers. "Ooh great we have three classes together" said Alex She was frowning though. "What's wrong?" said Sam "They have you in a different dorm building, damn it I was hoping to be roomies this year" said Alex Sam shook her head and chuckled. "Come on we should at least check out our rooms and see where we have to go next" said Sam She wanted to get this over with because she was hoping who ever she was rooming with was one of those absentee types. They reached Alex's dorm first and Sam parted with her after giving her back her Padd. She really needed a moment to think. This was all very overwhelming and she felt very out of place. Like she was some sort of imposter playing a part they never rehearsed for or even tried out for. She found her building and paused. She took a deep breath and walked inside. She had to wait for the turbo lift because a crowd of girls was already standing there. She waited for them to herd into the lift as it opened, grateful there had been no more room in that small car. She waited until it was almost to the last floor before she hit the button for it to return. When it came back down it divulged another avalanche of girls before Sam was able to climb on board. She hit the close button quickly and sighed in relief that she was the only one in the car this time. It opened on her floor and she walked out looking at each door plate for her room number. She found it towards the end of the hallway and keyed in the code next to the room assignment on her Padd. It unlocked and she walked in. It wasn't particularly huge. Two desks on each wall. Two beds on different sides of the room a single bathroom, two wardrobe cabinets and a huge window. Both beds seemed unoccupied so she chose one nearest the window and set her stuff down. She opened the wardrobe cabinet on her side, shoved her bags and violin inside. Closed it and reset the lock to something she could remember. She made up the bed to show that this side was claimed already and headed for the door. She could always do the meet and greet later. She picked up that Padd thing off her desk and went down to greet Alex. As she exited the room a green skinned girl was getting off the lift. She was carrying way too much luggage and Sam had to hold the lift door just to keep the girl from getting stuck. "Thanks" said the girl. "Any time" said Sam She climbed on the now vacated lift and pushed the button. She lifted the Padd thing and read the next item on her schedule. "Great orientation" she muttered. The door slid open to another waiting crowd and Sam pushed her way through the press of people trying to get on the lift she just vacated. She was panting by the time she reached the door after nearly getting stampeded by the crowd. She exited the building in time to see her friend walking up the steps with Charles in tow. He tripped over his own feet and nearly went down "Easy there Trip Tucker, no need to kiss the ground we've already landed" said Sam Alex giggled "Very funny" said Charles. He tripped four more times on the way to the auditorium for the orientation. So the nick name looked like it was going to stick despite his protests. Alex thought it was adorable that he was so klutzy so he kind of let it go. Orientation was a bunch of boring lectures and then they were shuffled off on a tour. Sam was paying attention to the class numbers and comparing them to her list. She had her classes mapped out by the time the tour guide asked if there were any more questions. One of the larger kids held up his hand "Yes?" said the guide "Where is the mess hall?" said the kid. The man rolled his eyes and pointed down the hall. Sam raised her hand "Yes young lady" said the man "Where is medical?" said Sam The man nodded "It's this way and next on our list, if you all will come with me" said the guide Several students gave her strange looks. They filed down the corridor and around a corner. The guide pointed out the doors to the mess hall and then moved on. He led them all through some doors. "Everyone please pull out your data chips and line up. When you get to the woman hand her your chip so she can scan your medical files into the system" said the guide. There was some grumbling but everyone did as he asked. The nurse asked a few of them to come back and Sam hung back. She really didn't want to explain why her birthdate said 1997 which in this time period would make her a very old lady "Come on stop hiding" said Alex She grabbed Sam's arm and dragged her into the line behind the large guy who asked about the mess hall. The kid stepped forward and handed his in. The nurse scanned it and handed it back to him. Alex bounced forward and held hers out. The nurse gave her a wry smile and took the chip. She scanned it and handed it back to Alex. It was Sam's turn so she stepped forward and handed the chip to the lady. She plugged it into her scanner, then unplugged it and handed it back to her. Sam almost sighed in relief. She started to step away. "Miss Morningstar please come back this afternoon you need an update on your immunizations" said the woman Sam stepped aside and the woman took the next kids chip. "Hypos yuck" said Alex She gave Sam a sympathetic look as they rejoined the group that had already been processed. There was only a few people remaining to go and the nurses were moving quite fast. The last two finally came out and the guide moved them on towards the library. Sam was a bit disappointed to learn there were no actual books. After the library they were scheduled to go to the mess hall and then just to follow the schedule that appeared on their Padd for the rest of the day. In Vulcan Moi Loma- good morning Moi- Good
Red2 Her arm was sore by the time she headed back to her dorm room. She wasn't all that hungry so she just grabbed a roll and an apple and headed out the door. It was a nice night, slightly cooler than she was used to. She stopped and looked up at the stars. What was she doing here? She sighed and looked at the buildings surrounding her. She had never felt more alone than she did right now. She closed her eyes briefly then reopened them and finished her trek. She climbed the stairs and headed for the elevator. The lobby was deserted and the only ones making noise were the ones too excited to sleep. She pushed the button and waited. Anyone who had been here for more than a year would know better than to party. The elevator was deserted and so was the hall. She unlocked her door and walked into the room. There was a lump on one of the beds that looked like a person. She sighed finished the last of her apple and dropped it in the can by her desk. She flopped down on her bed and fell asleep. The sound of water running and someone humming woke her up the next morning. She groaned and rolled over. One eyelid popped open and then quickly closed when sunlight burned it. She rolled away from it and stumbled to her feet. Rubbed her face and made her way towards the bathroom where the singing was coming from. She knocked on the door "Hey you just about done in there?" Sam called. She felt gritty and needed to brush her teeth for sure. She was relieved she didn't dream again. The last thing she needed was the stress of those dreams coming back on top of having to deal with these classes. A box was sitting on her desk and she crossed over to it. She lifted the red garment out of the box. It was wrapped in plastic because it had never been worn. There were three in the box and Sam briefly recalled the guide saying something about rotating them throughout the week, while she washed the other two. Sam frowned red was definitely not her color. The bathroom door swished open "All yours" said a chipper female voice. Sam frowned great she was a morning person just wonderful. "I picked up yours, when I picked up mine" said the girl Sam turned and froze. Standing in the center of the room was a girl with green skin, she was brushing out some seriously messy chestnut brown hair. Sam just stood there and stared. She ironically was reminded of Christmas with all the red and green. The girl started to turn because Sam hadn't said anything in reply. "Ah thank you" said Sam She said feeling just a bit awkward that she had been staring at the girl. "I know the color is hideous, I feel like one of those holiday figurines. You know for those little guys with the Vulcan ears" said the girl She was leaning towards a mirror and was putting some earrings in her ears. "Ah elves?" said Sam "Yeah them, all I am missing is the pointy shoes and the horrible hat" said the girl Sam giggled, okay for an alien she was alright. "I know I'm going to look hideous in this and I don't know if I even have shoes that will go with it" said Sam The girl put the back on her other ear and glanced towards sam. "Whatever you choose make sure its regulation or they'll pitch a fit, I'm Lela by the way" said the girl "Samantha" said Sam "I'm surprised they placed you with me, not that I'm complaining mind but doesn't your species get headaches when you're near us too long?" said Lela Sam shrugged because she had no idea what she was talking about. "Who knows besides they gave me a bunch of shots yesterday maybe one of them was for that" said Sam She was walking towards the bathroom. "Better hurry or you will miss breakfast" Said Lela She didn't sound all that concerned and Sam wasn't that big on breakfast anyways. She heard the door swish shut about the time she started up the shower. Sam still made it fast because she still had to decide what she was going to wear with that uniform. She stepped out and didn't bother with the towel again. She opened her closet and dug through her bags for her undergarments. Pulled them one and then held up the uniform. It was way too short and she hadn't shaved her legs that high up. She grabbed a pair of black biker shorts and pulled them on. Covered it with the uniform and looked for suitable shoes the only black shoes she had were a pair of sandals and some high heeled hooker boots. She shoved them both back in her bag and pulled out some red converse and some black socks with little cherries on them. They would have to do. She tugged them on grabbed her faded messenger bag covered in music group patches, shoved Her Padd inside and a note pad so she could take notes. Some of the students in high school used to make fun of her for not typing her notes out but she was faster with a pen and paper. She shoved a couple pens into the holder and closed the bag. Grabbed her hairbrush and then secured her hair in a scrunchie that matched her socks. She flung her bag over her shoulder locked up her wardrobe and headed for the door. She closed it and keyed in the code to lock it. She walked towards the elevator at a quick pace. It was blissfully empty and when she reached the mess hall it was almost deserted. She grabbed one of the sole remaining muffins and ate it on the way to her first class. She slipped into the back of the class just as it was about to start. The teacher hadn't even started yet and she was able to log in for roll call when it flashed on the screen in front of her. The man in the black teacher's uniform was writing something on the large glass like blackboard at the front of the room. Sam watched as the words appeared on the screen. Sam hit the button that would stream the blackboard notes to her Padd then dug out her notepad for the man's verbal lecture. As the man talked she shorthanded notes while other students typed away on their Padd's. He asked questions and Sam did her best to follow along with what the man was teaching. The bell finally pinged and Sam closed her notepad and shoved her Padd back into her bag. She flung it over her shoulder and followed the moving group of students to the door. She blended with the throng and headed for the next class. It was mostly the same as the last one and Sam moved on to the next one when the chime sounded again. Alex fell into step with her on the way to her next class. "So how's it going?" said Alex Sam snorted, this felt absurdly like high school except for the fact everyone was a nerd here. Trip was walking in their direction and Alex slowed to wait for him. Sam smirked at her friend when she blushed and giggled like a school girl when he said something only marginally funny. "So what do you ladies have next?" said trip He was staring at Sam with a funny look on his face. "Ethics, you?" said Alex "The same, ah Sam was it?" said Trip "Yep" said Sam "What are you wearing?" said trip He was staring at her shoes. Sam smirked at him "Oh she always dresses a bit retro why?" said Alex Trips eyes lingered on her legs for a bit. "it's just that I'm not sure if that's regulation" said trip "I looked in the manual and no one's said anything but you so far" said Sam She really hoped they wouldn't because she had a real issue with how much leg this skirt showed already. The last thing she wanted to do was flash the male student body her underwear when she sat down. Sam noted Alex had no issue with the skirt but then again Alex always had really nice legs. "I know but the commander is a bit of a stickler for the rules" said trip "Noted" said Sam Trip opened his mouth to say something more but they were at the class. Sam wanted them to sit in the back like she usually did but Alex headed for front and center. Sam swore under her breath and followed her friends. She hated sitting up front it was where the teachers usually looked for answers. She sat down with a groan and glared at Alex. She was about to chew Alex out when the teacher walked in. He was tall with dark hair in an almost widows peak hairstyle and with noticeable pointed ears. Great another Vulcan, she thought as she pulled out her Padd and notepad. He gave her a strange look that Sam pointedly ignored. She didn't care what he thought about how she learned her work would speak for itself. She pulled a pen out and uncapped it, looking at him in expectation. He raised an eyebrow but moved on. He started writing things on the board so Sam set hers up to transfer again because he was talking as he wrote. Keys were being tapped at a furious pace all around her. She tuned out the noises her classmates were making and just wrote. He called on several of them several times. Sam noted he called out the ones that tried to hide in the back by making them participate in the conversation. He received stumbling answers and lots of I don't knows. He moved on when the last person gave him a totally clueless answer. He was looking around the room trying to find someone to call on. Sam followed the direction of his gaze wondering if anyone in that area had even caught the answer he had just given in his lecture. His gaze shifted back to where Sam was sitting. Her stomach sunk. "miss..?" said the teacher "Morningstar and it is yes, every time you borrow someone's work you should cite it" said Sam He nodded impressed that she had at least been listening. Sam wondered how many of his students didn't. "very good Miss Morningstar, and how should you cite it and why?' said the teacher "Within your work by either mentioning the author by name or by putting their name and the date of publication within parenthesis within your work" said Sam He looked momentarily shocked for a second, then nodded "Very correct" he said and moved on to another student. By the time the bell rang Sam was feeling like she had survived a trial by fire. She put her things away and stood up to leave. "one moment Miss Morningstar, I would like a word with you" said the teacher. Aubrey gave her a worried look but followed trip out the door. He waited until the room was clear before he talked. She watched him look her over and she was suddenly a bit worried about being alone with him. "Miss Morningstar is there an issue with your skirt?" said the teacher. Sam looked down at it. It rode up to the upper part of her thighs even with the biker shorts. "Now that you mention it does seem a bit short" said Sam "I see Miss Morningstar I'm going to be frank with you, this is not with in regulations." He said "Your shoes are the wrong color they are supposed to be black and the shorts are not part of the uniform. I am going to have to ask you to refrain from wearing them in the future" said the teacher Sam frowned, now what was she going to do, the skirt was indecently short. It would show her underwear without the shorts there to block the view. He did not give her a chance to respond and instead dismissed her. Sam fumed but refrained from punching that smug bastard. She headed to her next class wondering what she would do tomorrow. Maybe she should just resign, conformity wasn't her strong suit. She slunk into her next class and gave I don't know answers to questions she knew the answers to. Alex gave her a questioning look in the class before lunch. Sam debated on whether she wanted to finish out the day or just go back to the dorm and pack up her stuff. The bell rang and Sam picked up her bag she hadn't bothered to even take notes in this class or to set up her Padd. She headed for the door before everyone else had their stuff packed up. "all right what gives what did he say?" said Alex Trip had lagged behind to let the two girls talk. "Oh just that I have to flash everyone tomorrow if I don't want to get written up and to wear black shoes" said Sam Alex snorted. "Come on Sam the skirt isn't that bad" said Alex Sam shook her head no "No it's not if you don't have hips or an ass like I do" said Sam Alex scoffed. Sam pointed to a point on her thigh where the skirt had ridden up even with the shorts on. "It came to right here Alex, you would be able to see everything. If I want to give a bunch of old perverts a show I'll go to Vegas and get paid for it at least" said Sam "What's this I hear about Vegas?' said a new voice Alex groaned and turned towards the newcomer. "go away Kirk this is a private conversation" said Alex The newcomer feigned injury and covered his heart with his hand "ouch Pike that was cruel, so Vegas?" he said Wiggling his eyebrows at Sam and Alex. Sam started walking away from them. "Lay off Kirk and go away" said Alex Sam could hear the clack of her boots on the tile floor behind her. Sam groaned as Alex steered her away from the doors she was about to escape through and towards the mess hall instead. "Come on you'll feel better once you eat something, I'll even give you my pudding" said Alex Sam lips gave a little half twitch that was as closest she came to a smile at the moment. Behind them she could hear the newcomer asking Trip a few questions. "why not she's got very nice ones" said Kirk Sam really didn't want to know what they were talking about from then on out. She really didn't care what Kirk though she had a nice one of. Alex dragged her into the lunch line and punched in Sam's order and then hers. "what's your code?' said Alex Sam sighed and reached past her to key in her passcode. She didn't even look at what Alex had ordered. Their trays slid onto the counter and Sam reluctantly grabbed hers. She followed Alex towards the table. Kirk stopped to talk to another green skinned girl and then got this embarrassed look on his face. "He's a year ahead of us and a real player" said Alex Sam frowned because she had been staring at Kirk's backside. She wasn't even interested so why was she staring at him. Alex sat down at one of the tables and she noted that Kirk had grabbed a tray and was heading there way and so were several other seniors. Sam frowned at her food. Alex had gotten her a chicken salad sandwich, some grapes and a two chocolate puddings. She glanced over at Alex, to find the other woman giving her a worried look. Sam sighed because Alex had seen right through her mood and straight to her intention to leave. "spock chewed her out about the uniform" said Kirk He was talking to his friends as they joined them at the table. Kirk flopped down on her other side. "Don't let him get to you he's harsh to everyone" said Kirk He smiled at her and she found herself grinning back at the man. "Jim kirk" he said He paused after he said it, like he was expecting something after the declaration "Samantha Morningstar" said Sam She took his offered hand and shook it. He looked her over and smirked "Have to say it's a unique look though, are those converse?" said Kirk Sam smirked and nodded yes. "those things are like antiques, where did you find them?" said kirk Another man and a woman sat down next to trip. The dark skinned woman kept giving Jim a dirty look like she couldn't stand him. Sam bit into her sandwich and just immersed herself in her friends company. "he chewed you out didn't he?" said the woman Sam looked up at her and nodded because her mouth was full of food. The woman looked Sam over with a critical eye. She felt Alex stiffen beside her. The woman frowned "I can see why. You should have just worn the uniform the way it was intended, everyone else does" said the woman "Oh lay off Uhura, maybe she didn't like showing that much leg" said Kirk Sam silently cheered him on, maybe he wasn't such a bad guy after all. The woman known as Uhura snorted and finished her food. She got up and left the table and Alex muttered bitch under her breath after she was gone. Sam was marginally cheered up by the time she left lunch but as much as she hated it Uhura had been right. Everyone else was wearing the uniform as it was intended. So why couldn't she. I mean she was driving to Vegas to get a job in a strip club for crying out loud, she shouldn't have any issue with a skirt this short. Even if it was practically a micro mini on her. Maybe she could see if they had it in pants. Sam sat in the back in her next two classes and skipped dinner. She headed back to her room and spent the rest of the night trying to come up with ways to cover up the shortness of that skirt without resorting to anything underneath it. Alex buzzed her Padd four times and Sam finally took out the battery so she could think. She finally settled on a plan and drifted off to sleep after setting her alarms so she could catch an early morning run. She need to run through her plan mentally at least one more time and also to gather the courage to implement it. She had her things packed in case they overreacted and kicked her out. Sam's roommate was just stirring so Sam slipped into the shower first. This time she did use a towel and exited the bathroom just as Lela stumbled out of bed. Sam pulled out her hooker boots, her dancers tape, make up case and fishnet stockings. She smirked wickedly and plucked her g string from the pile on her bed. Slid them on and grabbed her push up bra. She had reread the regulations last night and they did say you could wear stockings instead of socks. They said nothing about heel height or boot types, Nor anything about jewelry. Sam had a plan. If those perverts wanted to see them dressed like whores then so be it. Sam slid the thigh high fish nets on and fastened them to the clips on her garter belt. "Wow! Who is he?" said Lela "A pesky instructor I want to see eat his words" said Sam "Which one?" said Lela "Spock" said Sam She slid on the uniform Lela smirked at her "can I help?" said Lela Sam smiled at her. "Do you know anything about hair?' said Sam Lela snorted "My sisters run one of the best salons in seven systems, do I know hair" said Lela "Cool, sure then" said Sam "Just let me get ready, here plug this in" said Lela She handed Sam something that might have been a curling iron before she disappeared into the bathroom. Sam pulled out her make up and started applying it. She was comparing lipstick shades to her uniform when Lela came out of the bathroom. "What are you doing?" said Lela She had her hands full of hair accessories and styling gear. "trying to decide if I should be offended that our uniforms match my fuck me red lipstick or if I should just go with it and wear it" said Sam Lela giggled. "I would wear it but wait until after I do your hair" said Lela She set the supplies down and gave Sam a once over. Sam picked up the dancers tape and frowned. She undid one of the stockings and wrapped her ankles one at a time while Lela organized her supplies. "what is that?" said Lela "Dancer's tape it helps support your ankles and prevents swelling' said Sam "Dancer? You dance?" said Lela She was sorting through clips and holding them up to see which ones would look best in her hair. "Yep took four years of ballet, modern and hula when I was little. Plus gymnastics and Yoga" said Sam "wow, were you trying to go professional or something?" said Lela She was holding two sets of clips in her hands then suddenly nodded and set one of them down. "I did want to dance on Broadway but circumstances changed and I was heading to Vegas" said Sam "what changed?" said Lela She grabbed a brush and started working it through Sam's hair. "I fell into a sinkhole and ended up frozen in a glacial flow for a few hundred years" said Sam The brushing paused. "No way seriously, that can't happen can it?" said Lela "Yeah it can, unfortunately" said Sam "So you're like a really old lady" said Lela Sam wasn't sure if the woman was trying to be insulting or not. "Yep oldest on the planet" said Sam Lela giggled. "Actually I think there's a Vulcan that has you beat by a few decades" said Lela "yes but do they look as good as I do?' said Sam Lela giggled again and her fingers brushed Sam's neck with a touch too controlled to be casual. "No, veatasi none of them look near as beautiful as you" said Lela Her voice had taken on a seductive tone that for some reason worried Sam that maybe her roommate wasn't into guys. "Ah thanks" said Sam awkwardly "So why Vegas?" said Lela Suddenly changing the subject into safer waters or at least marginally safer waters. Sam vowed to spend as little time in her dorm room alone with this woman as she could. "A friend of mine went there after she graduated and got a job at one of the clubs, she was going to help me get a job there too when my dad kicked me out" said Sam Lela paused again Sam turned towards her. The woman looked sad. "He kicked you out?" said Lela She sounded shocked for some reason. "Yes we never got along to begin with, so it was bound to happen sooner or later" said Sam She pulled her boots on and adjusted the back so the tape didn't show through the lacing in the back. Lela nodded in understanding. "My father and I never got along either, where did you get those boots? They are so cute" said Lela "Fredrick's" said Sam "Fredrick's?" said Lela "Yeah Fredrick's of Hollywood, it's a lingerie slash clothing store" said Sam "Oh!" said Lela. She picked up the curling iron and proceeded to make ribbons of soft curls after tying the majority of it on top of Sam's head. Sam did her make-up and decided to use the bright red that matched the uniform. She unzipped the top just a little because the push up bra was making it a bit tight. Sam smacked her lips and stood up. "Well?" said Sam "Damn!" said Lela Sam grabbed her leather trench coat in case it got cold and to drape across her lap in the other classes. "Hold up" said Lela She walked over to her shelves and retrieved a small glass perfume bottle "here wear this" said Lela Sam eyed the bottle "what is it?" said Sam "It's called dreamers tears, it enhances your natural pheromones. Mine won't work on a Vulcan but yours would" said Lela Sam smirked and opened the bottle. She dabbed a little bit at each pulse point. "In case this goes badly thanks" said Sam She was fighting dirty and she knew it but she didn't really care. Sam gathered her things and headed for the door. "Wish me luck" said Sam She ducked out of the room and walked towards the elevator. Her stomach was doing flip flops so she slid on her coat. She was nervous and starting to rethink this plan by the time she reached the mess hall. Male heads turned as she walked by and she quickly grabbed a tray and slid into the empty seat next to Alex. "Oh my god what are you wearing?" said Alex Sam adjusted her coat so Alex could see the full outfit. "holy cow are you trying to get kicked out?" said Alex Sam briefly wondered if she was indeed trying to get kicked out. "What it's all regulation I looked them up" said Sam Alex gave her an opened mouth stare and then groaned. Sam turned to see Kirk and McCoy walking towards them. "Oh lord close your coat" said Alex Sam ignored her and picked up her spoon. Both male voices stopped talking abruptly behind her. "Well hello there, what's your name?' said kirk He sat down next to Sam she giggled because it was funny that he didn't recognize her. "Jim it's me Sam" said Sam He looked her up and down his eyes lingering a bit too long on her chest. "Sam? Sam? Samantha? "said Kirk "Yep that's me' said Sam She took a sip of her orange juice being very careful not to wipe off all of her lipstick. "You look good" said McCoy Sam turned towards him and smiled. He was staring with wide eyes at her. "Thank you Leonard" said Sam "So what gives with the new look? not that I am complaining mind you" said Kirk "Oh no you're not" said Alex "Not what?' said McCoy "Commander Spock talked to her about her uniform yesterday" said Alex Kirk frowned. "What was wrong with your uniform yesterday?" said McCoy "She was wearing some biker shorts under it yesterday "said kirk He looked down at her legs and licked his lips. "I like the stockings better" he said he moved closer to her and inhaled deeply. Sam eyed him warily.
Red3 The bell rang and Sam stood up. Kirk was still staring at her and she was starting to get nervous because of it. Kirk stood with her and Sam did her best to ignore him as she put her tray away. "Just wear the coat maybe no one will notice" said Alex "Chill out Pike she's regulation they can't do anything" said Kirk Alex turned to yell at him then abruptly paused when one of the instructors walked by. Sam held her breath expecting the instructor to say something about the way she was dressed. When he didn't, she let out the breath she had been holding and pulled her coat closed. "So can I walk you to class?" said Kirk Sam smirked "Jim our class is in the opposite direction" said McCoy The two men were walking with her anyways despite the fact that their classes were indeed in the opposite direction. Alex rolled her eyes and huffed at the two men eyeing Sam like dogs would eye bacon. Some of the other cadets stared at her as she walked by and Sam was starting to regret this decision. They reached class and Sam made as if to dart inside. "So I was wondering, this weekend, we could catch a movie or something?" said Kirk Sam smiled at Kirk. "Maybe we'll see" said Sam He smiled back at her and McCoy rolled his eyes grabbed Jim's arm and ushered him away from the classroom door. Alex shook her head. "Did you have to say yes to him?" said Alex "Relax Alex it's not like I'm going to hop into bed with the man" said Sam Alex snorted and walked off towards her classroom. Sam took a seat in the back in the corner and draped her coat across her legs. She set up her supplies and ignored the few questioning looks turned her way. The class went smoothly and Sam moved on to her next one. She sat in the back of each of her classes. The bell rang and she followed the group out. Alex was waiting for her, she looked nervous. Alex kept giving her worried glances as they entered the class. Sam started for their usual seats. She turned to see Alex standing by the back row "you sure?' said Alex Sam nodded and Alex sighed, then reluctantly followed Sam to the front of the room. Sam took a seat in the second row and calmly set her things up. Her stomach was filled with butterflies. Spock wasn't here yet and she was starting to get nervous. The class was filling up fast and still no instructor. Sam could have sworn she heard Uhura outside the door then Spock walked in. He adjusted his uniform and walked to the front of the class. He didn't really look at them yet. Sam typed her name into the roster sheet and hit send. He was busy reading something on the PADD on his desk then he looked up right at Sam and froze. He tilted his head sideways as if he was studying a new species. He tapped on his Padd and then looked from it to her again. Sam smirked at him because it was obvious he had not recognized her. "Cadet Morningstar will you start us off please read the first section for us" said Spock Sam cleared her throat and picked up the device. She calmly read the passage out loud. Several of the males were staring at Sam in shock. She crossed her legs at the ankles and set down her Padd. The females in the class were mostly glaring at her. Spock moved on to another student but she saw his gaze flicker down briefly. The bell finally rang and Sam packed up her things. "Miss Morningstar, come with me please" said Spock She looked up at him in shock and finished putting her things in her bag. He walked ahead of her out of the room and down the hall out of the building and straight towards building 1. Sam's stomach fell, great he was getting her kicked out. Mr. Spock proceeded her into the office. "Sit there and cover your lap" said Spock. He sounded irritated but that was somewhat of his usual tone. He walked past the secretary and into the back room towards a door marked Commandant. Sam swallowed nervously great second day here and already she was in the principal's office. The door opened and Spock beaconed to her. Sam swallowed again and stood up. She held her head up high and walked into the Commandants office. The door shut behind her. "Take a seat Cadet" said the commandant. He was an older grey haired man, if Sam had to guess his age she would say in his fifties. Sam calmly sat down and waited for him to speak. He looked her up and down and Sam restrained the urge to cover her lap with her coat. His eyes lingered on her legs a bit too long. "Yes I can see what you mean Commander" said the commandant He cleared his throat and Sam met his eyes. "Cadet Morningstar, hmm pretty name, May I ask what you were thinking this morning when you chose to wear... that" said the commandant He waved to her outfit. Sam restrained the urge to smirk. This was not funny the prick had gotten her in trouble on her second day. Sam's fingers nervously played with the hem of her skirt. "Well... I" said Sam She didn't get the rest out. "Cadet let me be frank with you this display, statement you're making, whatever is unacceptable and I will not tolerate it" said the commandant "the commander talked to you about your attire yesterday did he not?" said the commandant She nodded yes. Sam bit her bottom lip because her eyes were threatening to fill with tears and she stubbornly refused to let them fall. "Go back to your dorm room and change, into normal foot attire and zip closed your top, you are on probation until I say otherwise" he said He was dismissing her but Sam just sat there. "That was a dismissal cadet" said the commandant "Sir I don't have" said Sam "Don't have what cadet? A brain in your head, clearly now go get out of my sight" said the commandant Sam narrowed her eyes at the man, her temper flared. "No sir I don't have anything to change into" said Sam She crossed her hands in her lap and glared at the man. He snorted and hit a few buttons on his desk. "Stop at the front desk, Marcy will give you some scrip for the PX, now out" he said Sam rose quickly and scurried out of the room. She stopped by the older woman with the bun in her hair. "Here you go dear, try not to get too upset. We all make mistakes on our first week" said Marcy She took the small chip from the woman's hands and scurried out the door at practically a run. She debated just saying to hell with it grabbing her stuff and just leaving. That would make her a quitter though and as much as she hated this place she really had nowhere else to go. "The Px is in the opposite direction" said Spock She jumped because she had no idea the Vulcan had followed her. "What? Oh yeah sorry didn't exactly look at the map, thanks" said Sam She nervously hurried away from him. "I could show you if you like?" said Spock Sam frowned, what gave with this guy first he gets her in trouble then he wants to be nice. "No thank you, commander" said Sam She had to bite back the sharp tones to keep from snapping at him. "Very well you are expected back in class do not be late" said Spock. She walked away from him and mimicked his words sarcastically. Sam headed for her dorm room closed the door and had a good cry. She wiped her eyes and looked at the PADD thing. It showed she was excused from the class that was going on now, probably so she could change clothes. She pulled up the map of the campus. The PX was right next to the admissions building, it would be so easy just to walk in and dis-enroll. She could be out of here by the afternoon. She could still head to Vegas and start a new life. It was tempting she had to admit it. She seriously had her doubts that she could ever fit in here. She looked at her bags and then back at the screen. Should she do it just give up? It felt wrong to her now. Maybe before she was frozen she wouldn't have had any problem with quitting but everything was different now. She was doing well she had actually finished things, did she really want to go back to being a loser? She sighed and unzipped the boots. She slid on her sandals and changed bras so she could zip up the top. She could do this it was only a few years besides she could always resign before they commissioned her. Take the education and do something else with it. Broadway might even still be an option she grabbed her bag. She could always shove the sandals in bag after she got the boots. The PX turned out to be a small store that sold everything from snacks to clothing. She was staring at the only boots in her size and they were ugly. Her boots may have been impractical but at least they didn't look like rejects from the sixties. Quitting was looking mighty good right now. "Can I help you miss?" said one of the clerks. Sam groaned and grabbed the only pair in her size. "No I'm good" said Sam She set them on the counter and handed the clerk the scrip. She scanned it and asked if Sam wanted it bagged. "no thanks I'll just wear them out" said Sam She slid her sandals off and slid the new boots on. Shoving her sandals into her bag. She left the tape around her ankles hoping it would protect her from new shoe blisters. She walked out and paused her eyes lingering on the admissions building. She wanted so badly to go home but this was home right now. She adjusted her bag and headed for the classrooms. She was quiet again today answering questions she did know with I don't know again. The bell rang and she headed for lunch. "Well what happened, Sheila said he took you to see the commandant" said Alex "He did" said Sam "And?' said Alex She shrugged and punched in an order for a salad she had no intention of eating. "He yelled at me, called me stupid" said Sam She moved towards the drinks and grabbed a soda, screw the calories she could run them off in the morning. "Oh Sam you're not stupid" said Alex "Any ways he put me on probation whatever the hell that is and gave me scrip to get shoes" said Sam Alex looked down at her new boots. "They're hideous" said Sam Alex snorted. "they're just like everyone else's" said Alex Sam looked at everyone's shoes in the room in front of them. "They're still hideous" said Sam Alex nodded in agreement and sat down at their usual table. "Oh just to give you a heads up Uhura's pissed" said Alex Sam frowned at Alex "Why?" said Sam She had picked up an apple and had paused midway between mouth and plate. Alex gave her a shocked look "What you don't know?" said Alex Sam shook her head. "She's dating Spock but you didn't hear it from me" said Alex Sam lowered the apple in shock. "No way! Mr. Stickler for the rules is dating someone, isn't that against regulations?" said Sam She was smirking she wished she knew this an hour ago she could have used it against him. Alex shrugged "don't know probably if your higher than a student teacher but I think he's just that, I think that's why they have him teaching the lower grades at least until they ship him off" said Alex "Anyways she thinks you were hitting on him or something that's why she's so bent" said Alex Sam set her fork down before she dropped it in shock. Sam started laughing, in fact she was still laughing when Uhura approached them. Alex got this worried look on her face and pointed behind her discreetly. Sam turned, she was still grinning. Uhura was standing behind her and she looked livid. "what is so funny?" said Uhura She sounded pleasant and Sam could tell it was deceptive. Uhura narrowed her eyes at sam. "What happened to your look this morning?" said Uhura The tone was mocking as well as angry. "Why don't you ask your boyfriend?" said Sam Alex groaned behind her. Uhura glared at her. "I did and he told me everything" said Uhura Sam smirked at her. "Then you know nothing happened unless of course you don't trust him" said Sam Alex covered her mouth but the gasp escaped before she did. Uhura hesitated and Sam noted it. So she did feel insecure about dating him, Sam could imagine why. "just stay away from him and stop dressing like a slut" said Uhura She stormed away and Alex sighed in relief behind her. Sam spun back around and picked up her fork. "So where were we?" said Sam Alex was staring at her in shock. "Have you seen the schedule changes?" said Trip He sat down next to Alex and gave Sam a perplexed look. "Weren't you wearing something else?" said trip Sam rolled her eyes. "The lieutenant made her change almost got her kicked out" said Alex He gave Sam a sympathetic look. "Yeah I'm on probation until further notice" said Sam He made a sympathetic sound Alex was already calling up the schedule change on her padd. "What more testing they have to be kidding" said Alex "Does it say what kind?" said Sam She finished her apple and dug into the spaghetti. Alex shook her head no "No it just gives a time frame for first years and says it's mandatory" said Alex Sam groaned this day was starting to seriously bite. "My time frame says after lunch what is yours?" said Trip "Same time, Sam?" said Alex She groaned and dug into her bag pulled out the device and turned it on. "Same time" said Sam "Great we can go together" said Trip Sam was staring at her screen because it had a few new things on it. She tapped one and groaned out loud. "What's wrong?" said Alex "I can't leave the campus" said Sam "The probation?" said Trip Sam nodded and kept reading. She was soon swearing until she saw that on the list too. "What is it what's wrong?" said Alex Sam slid her Padd over so her friends could read the entry. "Oh my that's horrible, I guess you're going to have to tell kirk it's a no go" said Alex She sounded happy about it so Sam glared at her. "Oh come on you can't seriously like him" said Alex "Kirk as in Jim kirk?" said Trip "Yes" said Sam "You like him?" said Trip Sam shrugged. "She accepted a date with him" said Alex "Yeah a date I can't go on" said Sam She had lost her appetite and besides the sausage in this spaghetti tasted like tofu. She snagged her Padd off the table and shoved it back in her bag. "See you guys later" said Sam She stood up and walked away from the table. The tests turned out to be a huge series of aptitude tests that were beginning to get annoying by the third one. She stopped really thinking about the questions and just simply marked whatever felt right for her. The test results would be posted to her Padd so she went to her next class. When the results finally flashed across her screen at dinner she dissolved into giggles and couldn't finish her curry. A years ago They were still trying to push her into taking one more year. Her tests had slated her for command training and Star fleet didn't seem to understand no very well. The first year had been rough and she had almost quit on at least forty different occasions. Spock got promoted to commander and did get some poor hapless girl kicked out for doing the same thing Sam did of course Sam drew the line at making a pass at him. She still didn't like the man. Kirk was in his fourth year having willingly signed up for the command classes that Sam was balking at. She was still making plans to ditch her commission upon graduation. Alex was going into science with a specialization in alien biology. Sam however was still floundering. She did okay in her academics, not top of the food chain mind but she held her own. The only thing she really excelled at was hand to hand and phazer training. She was a competent pilot in simulation but if you put her in anything that you could see the ground in she froze. Her com buzzed again "Well you have to choose something" said Alex Sam sighed not this again. "There sending most of the third years to the station for zero g training, you're on the list" said Alex Sam groaned and put her head in her hands. She hated these little trips but they were mandatory. "Trip's going up for the engineering training" said Alex Alex had started dating Trip at the end of the first year. Sam never did go on that date with Kirk, instead of socializing she spent the majority of her time studying. When the students went home for the holidays Sam stayed at the academy because she had nowhere else to go. She felt increasingly isolated and lost as the years went by. She still felt like she was living a lie and didn't belong here. She spent most of her time trying to blend into the background and not be found out for the fake she felt she was. Sam sighed and looked at the Padd screen again. She selected security and weapons systems as a lark and looked at the options. Sniper training caught her eye but it was restricted to command program cadets. Sighing she accepted the transfer to command level classes and selected operations and security as her specialty
Red 4 Sam was up at the station doing a bit of hands on training when she heard the news from a fellow cadet. It was about a test they were putting everyone through before they graduated. From what the fellow students were saying it was bad and all command track students would have to take it. Sam was in no way looking forward to it. She was however looking forward to going home. After two weeks on this damn station she was more than ready to get back to good old Terra firma. The shuttle was coming in for a landing and Sam was busy gathering up the rest of her things. The group getting off the shuttle would be taking over for the group Sam was in, while Sam's group left in the shuttle. She flung her bag over her shoulder and headed for the shuttle bay. People were still streaming off of it so Sam waited with her fellow cadets. A group of instructors were walking their way. At their center was a man in a different uniform. The flight deck officer called out admiral on deck and everyone snapped to attention. Sam watched as the admiral walked towards the shuttle they were supposed to take. Their instructor waved them towards the shuttle and Sam almost groaned. Great they were going to be stuck on board with an admiral all the way home. Sam walked up the ramp. "Cadet Morningstar" said the instructor "Yes sir?" said Sam "You've got the helm" said the instructor Sam's mouth dropped open in shock. She looked at the vacant seat and cringed. "Ah sir?" said Sam "Is there a problem commander?" said the admiral The commander gave Sam a level look. She gave a worried look at the admiral. "Sir permission to speak freely" said Sam Her voice squeaked at the end. "Go ahead cadet" said the instructor in a tone that said this better be good. "Sir I've never flown anything outside of a simulation" said Sam He nodded in understanding "There's a first time for everything cadet, now take the helm" said the commander Sam watched his retreating back with a mixture of terror and resignation. She slowly made her way towards the cockpit. Behind her cadets, the admiral and her instructor were strapping in. Sam was trying her best not to shake as she strapped herself in. Her copilot gave her a worried look. "You okay?" he asked "No" she said softly. She ran through the preflight check list and started firing up the engines. Her copilot was doing his job smoothly. "We've been cleared ready when you are" said her copilot. She swallowed the nervous lump in her throat. Sam slowly moved the controls forward and the shuttle crept out of the bay. Sam was keeping her eyes on the horizon, if she could keep from seeing anything but sky she should be all right. The tricky part was going to be the landing and getting out of this shuttle bay in one piece. They passed through the atmospheric shield and Sam slowly angled the shuttle so they were at an approach vector for reentry without her having to look at anything but sky. Behind her all was quiet and at the moment she was glad because the idea that she had passengers with her who could die if she froze up was making her nervous enough to hurl on the flight controls. They reentered the atmosphere and Sam angled the shuttle again to head for the academy. She was trying very hard not to look out the windshield, instead she focused on the upper half of it. It was kind of like driving a car without looking at the road. "ah cadet?" said her copilot They had entered some heavy fog and could no longer see more than a few feet in front of them. Sam almost sighed in relief and switched all her sensors to the on position. Now this way she could fly without being too nervous about it. The upper outline of the golden gate bridge was coming into view and she flew the shuttle between its cables, smoothly tilting it to avoid them. The admiral gave her a worried look when he saw the cables outside the window. Sam was concentrating too hard to even see it. In fact as far as she was concerned it was just her and the craft in her hands. The first building of the academy could be seen in the distance and the fog was starting to lift. Sam quickly averted her gaze and paid attention to the sensors. Another shuttle was coming in their direction and Sam turned slightly to avoid it. Her copilot was holding his breath because he was watching her fly without really looking where she was going. "We've been granted clearance to land on shuttle pad two" said the copilot. Sam calmly steered the ship in that direction and very gently set it down on the landing pad. Her copilot sighed and started shutting down the engines. Sam did the same and unlocked the doors. Her hands were shaking and her hair was plastered to her scalp with sweat. Behind her people were releasing their harnesses and exiting the shuttle. Sam leaned back and tried to get her nerves under control. Someone touched her shoulder and she jumped with a yelp. "Good work cadet" said the admiral He chuckled and walked off the craft followed by her instructor. She did however hear the man ask how many times she'd flown before, she didn't catch her instructors reply. "You okay?" said the co pilot She shook her head no and bolted for the door. She just made it outside the door before she hurled all over the ground. When she was done she looked up to find some of her fellow cadets staring at her in shock. Someone walked down the ramp. "Cadet Morningstar?" said the co pilot "Yeah that's me" she said He was holding her bag and handed it to her. "Lieutenant Hershey, like the chocolate" he said Holding out his hand to her. She shook it. "First time you've ever flown?' he asked "Yeah, only did it in simulators before this" said Sam "That explains a lot" said Hershey "You did great though, should get better the more you do it. Just from now on look out the windshield" said Hershey He walked away from her and didn't notice the blood leave her face. She slowly made her way towards her dorm room. She needed a shower and more than likely a change of underwear. She climbed the stairs and hit the elevator button and waited. She went upstairs and changed into her uniform. Then headed out to look for Alex. She glanced at her Padd and found it was close to lunch time. She wasn't scheduled for any classes yet so she headed for the gym. She needed to burn this nervous energy and a few katas would do it. She worked out until the bell rang then rinsed off redressed and headed for the mess hall. She spotted Alex walking next to Trip "Oh Sam your back" said Alex "Yeah what did I miss?" said Sam "Not much, heard you landed the shuttle" said Trip Sam blushed then blanched. "Oh please don't remind me of that" said Sam "You okay you look a bit green" said Alex "Yeah fine just glad it's over, I was so scared I would freeze up and kill everyone" said Sam Trip patted her arm "Don't fret from what I heard you did great in fog no less" said Trip "Well then perhaps I should have her be my pilot" said a new voice Alex turned squealed Daddy and launched herself at the newcomer. Sam nodded in his direction. "Captain Pike sir so good to see you" said Trip "Can it Trip I'm here to visit my baby girl, hello Samantha how are you doing today" said Pike "Ah just trying to calm my nerves sir" said Sam Pike moved closer and clasped Sam's shoulder in his hand. "I heard about this morning masterful job, we'll make a pilot out of you in no time" said Pike Sam blanched "Actually I'd rather not if you don't mind" said Sam "She's still afraid of heights dad" said Alex Pike raised an eyebrow "More like the abrupt stop at the bottom" said Sam "Still freezing up?" said Pike "Only when I look at the ground sir" said Sam He looked confused "Then how I might ask, did you manage to fly a shuttle?" said Pike "It has a big front windshield sir and sensors, one doesn't necessarily have to use the bottom half" said Sam Pike's mouth dropped open in shock then he started laughing when he realized just what she was implying "Oh my I think I'll pass that on to Harry, he'll love it" said Pike He looped his arm around Alex's shoulders and gave her a little squeeze "So I figured while I was in town we could catch a movie and grab a bite to eat, would you like to join us Samantha?" said Pike Sam looked at Alex with her dad's arm around her shoulders and suddenly felt so envious of Alex. "No thank you sir, you two go ahead" said Sam She was suddenly feeling an acute sense of loss, which would only get worse if she spent too much time with them. Pike gave her a worried look. "Samantha, is there something wrong?" said Pike She shook her head no. She spotted McCoy going into the training simulator room. "No I just need to de-stress, you guys go have fun" said Sam She glanced at the building again because her curiosity was through the roof right now. "Kirk's scheduled for the Kobayashi Maru, he's probably there to support him" said Trip Sam frowned she had heard the rumors about that test. "Go I am sure he could use the support" said Pike Sam smiled ruefully she shared that sentiment after what she had heard of that test kirk would need all the support he could get. "Yeah I've heard cadets have quit after taking that test" said Alex She sounded worried. "I heard someone shot themselves, but I think it was just a rumor" said Trip "I hope so" said Sam She started walking towards the building "Sam" said Pike She turned "They won't let other cadets in the observation deck during the test" said Pike Sam frowned at him. "Why not?" said Alex "Secrecy mostly they want the test to be a surprise to those who haven't taken it" said Pike "Then I guess I'll wait for him then" said Sam "Suit yourself" said trip Pike put his arm around Alex's shoulders and guided her away. Sam watched them go with a sad look on her face. "We're going to have to take that too you know" said Trip Sam swallowed and looked at the door. "Yeah I know" said Sam The door opened and Kirk walked out he looked dazed and sad. He looked like someone just ran over his dog. "Hey Jim how did it go?" said Trip Sam gave him a look that plainly said obviously bad dipshit. "How do you think?" said Kirk His voice was subdued and scratchy like he was holding back the urge to cry. Scratch that ran over his dog and backed up to hit it again, filmed it, and sent him a copy. He started to walk away and Sam slowly followed him. He stopped midway to his dorm building. "Why are you following me?" said Jim An hour ago he would have teased her about waiting for him or flirted shamelessly. Something was definitely wrong. She wasn't sure how to answer that, why was she following him? Sam shrugged. "Cause you look like you could use a friend" said Sam He frowned and gave her a wry smile. "I not in the mood for company" said Kirk He paused and looked at the admissions building. Sam knew that look because she had worn it on many occasions. "Jim" said Sam "Don't, you don't know me, so just don't" said Jim He started to walk away and for some reason it made her angry. He was right she didn't know him but he didn't know her either. "Was it really that bad?" said Sam She had followed him without realizing. He stopped and swore under his breath. "Yes damn it! Now just stop, okay. You have no idea what it feels like to fail that way" said Kirk He clenched his fists and had turned towards her. He turned to walk away again. "Yes I do" said Sam He stopped and turned back around, this time he stalked back to her. "No you don't" he said Sam opened her mouth to protest. "I killed them all, everyone died. I didn't save the ship. I couldn't even save my own. It was a complete and utter failure" he ranted He started to turn away and she grabbed his arm. "I've failed everything I've ever tried or I've quit it before I did." Sam blurted He stopped trying to walk away. "I've wanted to walk away from this place the day I got here" said Sam "Why haven't you?" said Kirk Sam paused why didn't she walk away? "Because it would be admitting that they were right and that I really am a loser" said Sam "What if they are?" said Kirk "Then you prove them wrong" said Sam "What if there is no way to prove them wrong, what if there is no solution. What if it's just designed so you lose" said Kirk Sam could guess what he was talking about. "Then you keep getting back up until it gives up trying to knock you down" said Sam He gave her an appraising look and his face spread into a small half smile. "Thank you Sam" said Kirk She smiled at him. "You know you still owe me a movie" said Sam He still looked depressed and she wanted to cheer him up. He rubbed the back of his neck and looked disappointed. "Yes but they won't let me leave since Anderson" said Kirk Sam knew what he was referring to. Everyone who took the Kobayashi test was under campus lockdown for twenty four hours after taking the test. Counselors were on standby to talk to those cadets that needed their services, but it was mostly for those who tried to quit. She looped her hand through his arm and pulled him towards her dorm building. "Going to take me up to your room?' he said He was teasing which was a welcome relief from the morose Jim that he had been earlier. She pulled him into the common room of her dorm. Guys could be on this floor without getting in trouble, just not on the upper floors. "Stay here I'll be right back" said Sam He gave her a strange look as she ran out the door hit the elevator button. Climbed inside when it stopped, rode it up to her floor. She walked into her room and dug through her stuff. Pulled a portable DVD player from her bag and her DVD folder. She locked up her things and carried the two items downstairs. Kirk gave her a strange look when she set the player on the table. "What is it?" said kirk He picked it up and tilted it in his hand. "It's a DVD player, now what would you like to watch?" said Sam She opened the folder and he flipped the page to look at the titles on the next page. "What are these?' he said She chuckled. "They're DVDs silly, they're twenty first century versions of chips" said Sam He looked skeptical. "Where did you get them they can't still make them and does the player still even work?" said Kirk "Yep used it a few days ago and I brought them with me" said Sam "Brought them with you?" said Kirk "I was born in 1997, they were in my Volkswagen when we got frozen" said Sam His mouth dropped open in shock "Volkswagen?" said kirk "Yep 69 VW bug, had everything I own inside including my cat, Watson" said Sam "Cat?" said Kirk "He didn't make it" said Sam "Wait so what you're telling me is that you're from two hundred years in the past?" said Kirk "Yep you can look at my records if you don't believe me, my rescue made the local news" said Sam "where?" said kirk "Near Albuquerque it's where I fell into a sink hole, I hit a glacial river and it froze me" said Sam His mouth dropped open in shock. "No way are you kidding me, seriously your messing with me" said Kirk Sam smirked at him "You've got a PADD look it up, it was 6 years ago" said Sam He gave her a look and did just that because he obviously doubted her. He was frowning at the screen so Sam glanced over his shoulder. It was a print of her Volkswagen encrusted with ice being lifted out of the hole by what looked like a crane. He lowered the Padd with a complete look of shock on his face. "Holy shit you weren't kidding" he said She shook her head no. he got this little wicked smirk on his face. "So you're like a really old lady" said Kirk The tone was teasing and she groaned. Great just what the man needed something else to tease her about. He chuckled at her when she rolled her eyes. "So all these movies are classics, just like you" said Kirk She flipped him off and he chuckled. He slid one of the disks out of the sleeve. "So what is this one about?" said kirk Sam looked at what he was holding "The breakfast club? It's about redefining the social rules I guess. Why? Haven't you seen it?" said Sam He gave her a level look "I take it that's a no?" said Sam She snagged it out of his hand and opened the player. She set the disk inside and motioned for him to move towards the couch. She dimmed the light while he took a seat on the couch. He scooted into the corner. She sat down between his legs and leaned back into him, balancing the player on her knees so they both could see it. She hit play and he curled his arm around her waist. Halfway through the movie he buried his face in her hair then rested his chin on her shoulder. When he inhaled a second time very noticeably her stomach did a little flip flop, was she still wearing the cologne. She silently cursed when she remembered she had mixed some of that dreamer's tears stuff with her perfume oils because the campus had banned it at the end of last year. Her roommate had found a way around that and Sam liked the effect the stuff had on the male population so much that she helped her cover it up. Unfortunately some of the girls got wind of it and now Lela was supplying most of the ladies on campus with a little extra additive in their perfume bottles. Sam drew the line at helping with that and turned a deliberate blind eye to Lela's activities. The female population on campus was a lot happier lately which was a good thing as far as she was concerned. That much sexual repression was downright Victorian the only thing marring it was the effect the stuff had on the more aggressive males and certain species. For example long term exposure could drive a Vulcan into early pon far. So Lela was a bit exclusive on who she sold to, especially if they were engaged in interspecies dating. He tightened his grip and nuzzled her hair. He sighed then gently kissed her neck. She jumped in shock. "Jim?" said Sam She started to scoot away. He tighten his grip and pulled her closer. "Relax, I just want to hold you" he said She sunk back into his arms and he seemed to immerse himself in the film. He seemed to be thinking about something. "I don't get it, why would Brian write that?" said Kirk "Easy silly he was trying to make a statement about how they are individuals and therefore not defined by stereotypes" said Sam "Oh okay so essentially he's bucking the status quo" said Kirk "Exactly he's refusing to be defined by the established rules" said Sam His face suddenly lit up. He shifted pulling Sam to her feet as he did so. Then he spun her and kissed her square on the mouth "Sam you're a genius, thanks babe" said kirk Then he left the room leaving a stunned Sam in his wake
Red5 Sam stared at the empty spot kirk had just occupied and blinked in shock. He had just kissed her. Jim Kirk had called her a genius and kissed her. Her mind refused to function for a few seconds. She blinked and someone opened the door. They gave Sam a perplexed look and she finally snapped out of it. She gathered her things and retired to her room. She stowed the player and DVD case and retrieved her violin. She rosined up the bow and set it to string. Soon she was coaxing a haunting melody out of the strings. Her thoughts were still firmly on her past but some uplifting notes crept into the session. The notes finally died and someone clapped. She turned to find Lela and another girl in the room. "Wow that was beautiful and sad. How do you dance and play at the same time?" said the newcomer Sam just shrugged "It was how I learned" said Sam She stowed the violin and walked into the bathroom. It was obvious why the other girl was here and Sam didn't want to see it. She heard the outer door swish open and then shut again. "you can come out now she's gone" said Lela She appeared in the bathroom. "So what was with the sonata?" said Lela "He kissed me" said Sam It was more like blurted actually Lela froze "Who?" said Lela "Kirk, he called me a genius and kissed me" said Sam "Whoa wait, the Jim kirk kissed you?' said Lela Sam nodded yes "So are you two like dating now, cause I thought you two were just friends?" said Lela Sam frowned "So did I but I'm not so sure anymore" said Sam "Just make him work for it if you decide to go for it" said Lela She grabbed one of her small purses and walked out. Lela paused at the door. "Hey some of us are going off campus, we found this nightclub, do you want to come with us?" said Lela Sam shook her head no. "Naw I'm gonna take a shower, read something fun for once and catch a cat snooze have fun" said Sam Lela shook her head "Suit yourself" said Lela She ducked out the door and Sam padded towards the bathroom. She stripped and took a shower. After she was done she put on some sleep shorts and a tank top. Grabbed one of her books and curled up on her bed to reread one of her favorite books. She fell asleep midway through. She found herself in a hallway she didn't recognize but it looked like this time period. It had the feeling of all the others she could even feel the cold of the floor on her bare feet. She warily approached a door at the end of the hall. It slid open into what looked suspiciously like a brig. It had one occupant and his back was turned to her. He swore and flung what he was working on to the floor. She would recognize that familiar shock of black hair anywhere. She gasped and he turned. He spotted her standing there and stared in shock. She leaned down and picked up the paper he had so violently shoved away "Samantha?" he said Her name rolling off his tongue in a smooth baritone that made her knees weak. Oh how she missed his voice. Tears welled in her eyes. She nodded yes and moved forward. "But how?" he said softly. She wrapped her arms around him and he hesitated at first before responding. "Does it matter?" said Sam He buried his face in her hair and inhaled sharply. She had a sudden absurd worry about the perfume before she shrugged it off, this was a dream. He kissed the side of her neck pulling her closer and into a grip that was so strong it hurt. "Easy love I'm not going anywhere, now what's got you so upset?" said Sam He loosened his grip but still maintained the contact on her arm. He swore again and said a name under his breath. "Nothing you can help with sweetheart" he said She lifted the drawing and looked at it closely. It looked like half a ship but the lines were all wrong. It looked like he was trying to design one. "See what I mean?' he said She set it down on the table. "May I?" said Sam He snorted "Go ahead I was about to throw that copy out anyway" he said She chuckled and picked up the pencil he had been using. She calmly erased a few lines and rounded the design to give it a more organic look that flowed. Drawing on stuff she learned in her mechanical drawing class, she filled in sections and gave him something to build on, that was better than the original look. He closed his hand over hers. "Where did you learn this?' he said Sam shrugged and answered him. "the academy why?" said Sam He looked up from the page with a worried look that was almost horrified. "What academy?" he asked She started to answer him then that familiar tugging sensation pulled her from the dream. She blinked her eyes open with a groan. That had felt so real her arms were sore. She rubbed them and looked around where was her roommate. She must have found a guy or girl to spend the night with. Her alarm went off and she turned it off and rolled out of bed. She was just about to head for the shower when someone banged on her door rather hard. Frowning she crossed the room to answer it. "What?'" said Sam after she flung open the door Standing outside her door was three security guards and her residential adviser. "Cadet please step into the hall" said her R A "Huh, yeah sure, just give me a second to get dressed" said Sam "No cadet right now that was an order not a request" said one of the guards. He sounded angry so Sam stepped into the hall. She gave her R.A a puzzled look as the guards entered her dorm room and started searching it. Sam turned to her adviser. "Ma'am what is going on?" said Sam The guards were tossing the room pretty thoroughly and were not sticking to only Lela's side. "Cadet Morningstar, where were you at 2100 hours last night?" said the head security guard Sam mentally did the math to figure out military time. "Ah let's see I was just finishing our movie by then, I came up here to take a shower and lay down, why?' said Sam The R. A. nodded in understanding. "So you did not go into town with your roommate at all?" said the R.A "No ma'am, I usually do not, you know this" said Sam The woman gave Sam a look that was pure irritation. Sam had an inkling about what this was about. It had to be the damn perfume she must have gotten busted. Sam mentally went through her room and tried to recall where she kept her bottle of the stuff. A few minutes later the guards came out carrying two large bags of vials, and both Lela's and Sam's bottles of cologne. "Cadet come with us please" said the lead guard "But" said Sam She protested because she was still in her pajamas and it was early morning. Which were quite chilly this close to the ocean. They ignored her protest and guided her out of the door. One of them grabbed her arm and she bit back the cry that rose to her lips because it was really sore. They guided her down to the first level and across the quad. Several cadets stopped to watch. They took her straight to the commandant's office. Her stomach sank she had been to this man's office more times than she cared to admit. Her teeth chattered and it wasn't all from the cold. Each and every time he hadn't listened to her not once, so she doubted he would this time. They ushered her into the office. Someone from medical was there and he ran a tricorder over her. The doc frowned when he reached her arms. "Well?' said the commandant "Only trace amounts sir that she could have gotten in transfer" said the doctor. She was grateful it wasn't McCoy. The commandant frowned and moved into his office. "Sit cadet Morningstar" said the commandant She reluctantly did so. He tapped some keys on his Padd and frowned at the screen. He nodded towards campus security and the officer set the pile of contraband on his desk. The man stepped back and eyed Sam like he wanted to arrest her. The commandant glared at her "Do you know what that is cadet?" said the commandant Sam debated if she should play it safe and protect her own skin or just own up to knowing. She shook her head no. He narrowed his eyes at her "Really? You would have me believe that you don't know what the substance is, hazard a guess then" said the commandant Sam swallowed nervously and looked at the bottles. The liquid inside looked like crack or cocaine. "crack?' said Sam The commandant's eyebrow twitched. A clear sign he was seriously irritated. "Close cadet it is more dangerous, that is why it is contraband and I think you do know exactly what it is" said the commandant He was staring her down as if he could break her with one look. She bit her bottom lip nervously. "What remains to be seen is how much of it is yours" said the commandant Sam sighed she had no control over what Lela chose to do, but there was no way they were pinning that on her. "Just the blue bottle is mine sir, it was a gift" said Sam That much was true Lela had given it to her on her last birthday right in front of most of the dorm. He frowned and picked up the blue bottle. He shook it in his hand and she could guess he was gauging just how much of it she had used. She was lucky she wore it so rarely that the bottle was almost full. He set it down in front of him. He crossed his fingers and rested his hands on the desk. "Cadet Morningstar what am I going to do with you?" said the commandant She gave him a confused look but was secretly hoping it would be just to let her go. "You knew of this didn't you?" said the commandant Sam sighed and nodded yes. She took a deep breath, oddly she felt relieved that this was all over. She could back up her stuff and head to Vegas, maybe even convince Lela to come with her. She had the body to be a dancer. Sam was certain she could teach her. He was staring at her and she was waiting. Why wasn't he yelling, like he always did? "Cadet you know for a violation this severe I have to convene a judiciary committee and they will decide what is to be done with you" said the commandant "Until then you are suspended from classes and confined to your room" said the commandant Sam was curious. She could already guess what Lela's fate would be, but she had to ask. "What of my roommate sir?" said Sam He gave her a glare "Cadet Robere has been remanded to the stockade following an altercation last night at a drinking establishment that left three of your fellow cadets severely injured" said the commandant Sam opened her mouth to ask if Lela was harmed but he cut her off. "Cadet Robere is bruised but otherwise unharmed, you are dismissed cadet" said the commandant Sam was escorted back across campus by two guards and one remained at her door. Sam got dressed and picked up the room. Packing her things as she went. She was almost in tears by the time she was done. Everything she had worked for was going down the tubes. The guard knocked and she called out it was unlocked. He looked inside "Cadet I am to escort you to the hall they have convened an emergency session" said the guard. He glanced at her packed stuff and her civilian clothes. "I'll give you a few minutes to change into your uniform" he said and stepped back outside. Sam closed her eyes and reluctantly changed back into the cadet uniform for one last time. She keyed her code into the lock and turned towards her escort. He was staring at her sadly but she really didn't care. She was finally getting out of here. They had finally seen her for what she was and were kicking her to the curb. It was almost a relief. The guard escorted her into the hall and pointed to a spot for her to sit. She could hear her fellow cadets whispering behind her. She looked up into the grim faces of four admirals. She noticed ironically one was the guy who had ridden in her shuttle. The door to the side opened and Lela was led in by security. The guards stepped back and left her standing there all alone. She didn't turn around and search for allies with her eyes because she knew she had none. "Cadet Robere under section 15 of Starfleet regulations you are hereby charged with thirty seven counts of possession of a controlled substance, distribution and the intent to distribute said substance, known as lover's tears. It has come to my attention that you admitted freely to these charges and have plead no contest, is this correct?" said the admiral acting as lead judge. "Yes sir" said Lela Her voice sounded broken and like she wanted to cry. The judge sighed and looked at the Padd in front of him. "I also have here a request to be dismissed and a resignation of your commission" said the judge. Lela was looking at the floor but she nodded yes. The man sighed again and looked to his fellow judges. There were nods and grudging acceptance of that solution. "Very well Miss Robere we grudgingly accept your resignation and we remand you to the local authorities for prosecution" said the judge Lela looked up and Sam got a good look at her face. She was sporting multiple bruises and looked like she had gotten into a fight and lost badly. Sam briefly met her eyes and Lela mouthed she was sorry. "Your dismissed cadet" said the judge The guards moved forward to escort her out of the hall. "Cadet Morningstar" said the judge Sam swallowed and stood on shaky legs she was praying they wouldn't arrest her too. One of her friends back home had been busted with barely an ounce of bud and did two years in county because of it. She slowly made her way down the stairs and stood in front of the judges. Her stomach was doing flip flops so bad she was worried she would blow chunks on the judges. The judges were silent for a few minutes and Sam guessed her less than stellar record was being reviewed. She took a deep breath and waited for the harsh words. "Cadet Morningstar you are being charged with one count of possession of a controlled substance and ethical misconduct how do you plead?" said the judge There was no use denying it, they had her dead to rights. "Guilty sir" said Samantha The man steepled his fingers and regarded Sam intently. "Guilty, so you do not deny the charges" said the judge Sam shook her head no. "No sir" said Sam The ethical part did stump her but she reasoned it had to do with knowing about it and not coming forward. He looked down at the device in his hands and flipped the page. He frowned at the device and looked up at her. "Cadet you seemed to have quite a bit of difficulty here the first year or so, is there any particular reason you have been sent to the commandants with at least twenty dress code and curfew violations?" said the judge next to the main one Sam shrugged "I guess some people conform easier than others?" said Sam The main judge gave her a level look and she realized that could be taken as an insult. "Sorry that sounded better in my head" said Sam She heard a couple of quickly stifled giggles. The four men glaring at her were plainly unamused by her comment. She was so screwed. The main admiral set the Padd in front of him down crossed his arms and leaned forward. "Cadet, I am going to make myself very plain. What you did is a violation of everything Starfleet stands for and I do hope you learn a lesson from these proceedings today" said the admiral "Ordinarily we would strip you of any ranks or commissions you have achieved but you have not achieved any as of yet. Even though you show the aptitude to do so" said the admiral He ended the statement with another glare. She ignored the glare and stared at their name plates. She was tired of hearing how she could do better, she had worked her ass off and was still barely floating. "I hate to do this to you but you leave me no other options. Cadet Morningstar as of today any grades you have earned this year any work that you have done and any rank that you would have earned as a result are hereby stripped. In short you are starting over from scratch this year as if it were your second year" said the Admiral That got her attention and Sam was shocked. What did you have to do to get thrown out of this place? Blow up a building? She firmly resisted the urge to cry. Everything she had done, seriously. That was just cruel, why couldn't they just kick her out? They had no idea how much work she had to put into just getting those passing grades "furthermore you will remain on academic probation while you make up those assignments, which means anything less than a B will not credited for the class and you will redo it, on top of that you will join at least two extracurricular activities. You are on campus lockdown until the terms of your probation are fulfilled, you may however leave campus with approved activities with whatever extracurricular clubs you choose to join and for training exercises, nothing else" said the admiral Sam rocked back on her heels he wanted a serious introvert to join clubs and still get a B average. Was he serious? She took a deep breath. "sir may I speak?" said Sam Four glares almost made her voice squeak "Go ahead cadet" said the admiral The audience behind her was making her very nervous so she tuned them out. "I don't believe it is possible for me to meet those expectations so I respectively tender my resignation" said Sam The admiral leaned back and looked at the other admirals for just a second, then turned to regard Sam again. "Request denied, you are dismissed cadet return to you quarters you will receive your updated schedule shortly, I suggest you use the interim for a bit of introspection into your self-esteem issues" said the admiral Sam's mouth dropped open in shock and she barely restrained the urge to flip him off. The noises behind her of her fellow cadets getting up to leave shook her out of her daze. She fled out the side door and all but ran back to her dorm room. Seething and swearing the whole way. She took the stairs instead of the turbo lift because it gave her more time to stomp and vent. About halfway up she gave into the nerves and hurled on the stairs, somewhere between the second and third floors. She opened the door to her floor and retreated to her room. She ignored the Padd sitting on her desk, when it chimed. She could do without a reminder of just how screwed she was. She shoved her bags to the floor and flopped down on the bed. The tears came a few minutes later as she closed her eyes and tried to doze. She was just starting to drift off with her tears drying on her face her door chime sounded. She ignored it and rolled over. She was facing Lela's now empty side and it made her sad. She may have had issues with aliens when she first got here but Lela had been her friend in the end. At least as close to her as Alex was, so it hurt that she would most likely never see her again. The door chimed again. Sam growled in irritation "Go away!" said Sam "Sam?" said Alex Sam groaned she should have known her friends wouldn't let her hide. She sighed, this was perfect just perfect. "It's unlocked" Sam called out
Red6 She made her way slowly to the door and flung it open. Alex rushed in before she could say anything and pulled her into a hug. "Don't you worry, I'll let you borrow all my notes and so will Kirk" said Alex Sam closed her eyes and just let her friend hug her. Before she knew it she was crying. "The others are downstairs, they want to see you" said Alex Sam pulled back. "no I can't" said Sam Alex snorted "We are all here for you and we understand why you didn't turn her in. It's okay, you have no reason to be upset" said Alex "No reason to be upset! Alex I am back to square one damn near, do you have any idea how hard I worked to even get this far?" said Sam Alex gave her a sad look. "No not really, but maybe he's right. You do push yourself quite hard" said Alex Sam sighed and slid on her shoes. She headed for the door with Alex right behind her. Maybe Alex was right just a little bit she did need something besides schoolwork. She pushed the button for the lift and waited. When she exited it on the ground floor she found a small gathering of her friends in the lobby. Jim came forward and enfolded her in a hug too. Hands reached out to her and clasped her shoulder and someone mentioned that the decision was totally unfair. She started to feel better surrounded by friends and sympathetic acquaintances. Jim was being friendly but that didn't stop him from flirting with everything female in sight. She decided maybe being just friends with him was enough for now. It was just the fact that she had so many supportive friends that helped her not fall into a deep depression in the coming weeks. 6 months ago People she didn't even know gave her their notes for classes they had already taken or were even still taking. During that time she pulled out discarded copies of assignments she had already turned in and rewrote them. They made her retake the majority of her classes but this time it was like a fog had lifted. Ever since that dream she felt like she wasn't alone anymore. Yeah he wasn't real and god help her if she ever mentioned him to anyone, she would probably end up in psyche but the way he made her feel was very real. It was like the universe had been waiting for just the right moment and he was the missing piece that made it complete. She joined the two clubs or rather they asked her to join. One was a cross between competitive shooting and extreme sports. Basically it was a lot of hitting moving targets from the back of moving objects. One of the guys in the club came up to her after she had passed a test to get her phaser certification. She decided to check it out after he invited her to do so. She liked what she saw and signed up. The second club was ironically a flying stunt group. One of the leaders had seen her marks in the simulator and asked her to check it out. She tried to bow out of it of course. Citing both her fear of heights and the freezing episodes did her no good. The guy, Cade was his name, got her into a fighter somehow. He went up with her of course because he was not entirely sure about the freezing up part. He did look somewhat greener when they landed. Sam was certain it was because she didn't really look where she was flying. He still called her back so she figured she would give his club a chance if he was going to be that persistent about it. Kirk remained just her friend for now. He tried again on the kobayashi maru and failed again .this time he locked himself away in his dorm room and ignored all efforts to get him to come out. The only reply Sam got when she asked him if he was okay was a short note that said" I am re-writing the rules" She had no idea what he meant. He started hanging out with Gaila one of the Orion girls that helped operate the test. He was up to something she knew he was. She was scheduled for her first time taking the test the next day and she was very nervous. She was certain she would freeze up or throw up in the middle of the simulation. She waited in the ready room for the instructor to call her name. She tried to ignore Commander Spock as he stared at her. She wasn't sure why he kept doing that. The door buzzed and the group before her stumbled out of the simulator. They looked like they had just been in an off road race and had wrecked at least twice. Possibly even got ran over by the other vehicles. She eyed them as they passed and became even more nervous by the minute. She waited for the signal from the instructor. She kept a running mantra in her mind of it's only a simulation it's not real. "Royce communications, Nguyen helm, Sabatori operations, MacGregor first officer, Morningstar Captain" said the instructor Her mouth dropped open in shock. She was playing the captain? "Whenever your ready crew take your positions" said the instructor. Sam nervously walked on to the simulated bridge and took the captains seat. The rest of her assigned crew took their places and the doors slid shut. The boards lit up just like on a real starship and the front display showed a field of stars. It was smooth running for a few seconds. "Captain I am receiving a distress call from about twenty clicks into the neutral zone" said Royce. She wasn't sure what she was supposed to say but she was certain they weren't supposed to cross into the neutral zone. "Let's go check it out" said Sam Nguyen moved his hands on the controls like he was really steering the ship. The ship slowly appeared on the view screen as if they had really moved towards it. It was very realistic and a small part of her couldn't help but admire the artwork on the damaged ship. "Captain the ship is reporting that they struck a mine and have taken heavy causalities" said Royce "There engines are damaged captain" said MacGregor She wasn't surprised by that for some reason, why make it that easy. "Are they within transporter range?" said Sam "No captain we would have to cross into the neutral zone to be in range" said Sabatori Sam considered doing just that until Kirk's words came back to her. "I couldn't save the ship I couldn't even save my own" he had said So it was a trap then, very clever. "Captain may I remind you that crossing into the neutral zone is a direct violation of the treaty" said MacGregor She knew that already but assumed that he was simply getting into the part. "how long do they have?" said Sam Sabatori looked at his console "About three to four hours at the most, their life support has been damaged and their leaking atmosphere out that hole in their side" said Sabatori Sam pursed her lips. So they were dying which adds a sense of urgency to the decision. "How many life signs?" said Sam Sabatori looked back at his console but he was wearing a frown now. "Forty two captain err forty one I think we just lost one" said Sabatori Sam was mentally doing the math in her head. "Our ship has a crew of how many?" said Sam Sabatori hesitated and she could see him looking up the information "Ah two hundred captain" said Sabatori "Ah sir the captain of the Kobayashi is hailing us he is requesting our assistance" said Royce All eyes turned to her and she could guess what they expected her to do. Race to the aid of the other ship and die just like everyone else did. The only problem with that scenario was that if she did race to the aid of the other ship she placed her own crew in danger just by crossing into the neutral zone. She wasn't sure if she was willing to risk her crew, fictional as it was it was still lives in her care, on what looked like a trap. "Sabatori scan for more mines" said Sam "On it captain" said Sabatori "We have four more directly off their port side and a cluster on their leeward side, all active and magnetic sir" said Sabatori Sam gave him a strange look when he called her sir again. "Can we use a tractor beam to pull them out?" said Sam "Not without hitting the mines ma'am, but we could steer through them" said Nguyen "But there is a chance that the mines could hit us" said MacGregor "Plus we would still have to cross into the neutral zone just to be in range of them" said Sabatori He left it unsaid that it would also place them within range of any mines that exploded while they pulled the other ship out. Sam was running every plan she could think of and coming up with nil. Her only available options were to go in there and try to retrieve the crew of the other ship, hoping that the Klingons wouldn't show up while they did. She was willing to bet they were already waiting out there she wouldn't put it past them to set up this trap in the first place. "Captain the other captain is still waiting for an answer" said Royce "He will get it in just a second, Sabatori raise our shields and take us to yellow alert" said Sam Her bridge crew gave her strange looks but complied. "Kill the klaxon and arm torpedoes" said Sam Her crew was stunned speechless for a second. "Ma'am?" said Sabatori "Captain there are no enemies out there, just a crippled ship" said MacGregor "Are you willing to bet your life on that, because I'm not. Sabatori target the Kobayashi, Royce go ahead and patch me through to the other captain" said Sam He calmly obeyed but he was giving her a confused look the whole time. The sound cut out a few times but she could partially understand the other captain "This is Captain Thompson of the USS Kobayashi Maru requesting immediate aid, we have struck a mine and require immediate evacuation, please respond" said Captain Thompson "This is Captain Morningstar of the USS Cadet we have received your message captain and assessed your situation, it is with greatest regret I have to inform you that we cannot help you at this time. I wish to apologize on behalf of my crew and Starfleet for what I am about to do. Your families will be informed of your fate, god speed captain. Mr. Sabatori fire, fan dispersal" said Sam Sabatori's fingers moved across the console and three streaks of light flew across the screen striking the kobayashi maru in three locations. The ship exploded then broke apart piece by piece. Two Klingon ships materialized just out of range of the mines and the exploding ship. "Captain should I hail them?" said Royce He sounded slightly upset by what she had just done. She guessed he would have been the type to just fly in there and try to rescue the ship regardless of the danger such actions posed to his crew. "Do you speak Klingon Mr. Royce?" said Sam "Well sort of, I'm not really good at it" said Royce The others gave him incredulous looks. Sam sighed "Do you know enough not to insult them, invite them home or ask them on a date?" said Sam A couple of the crew giggled then quickly stifled it. Royce hesitated. The light on his board pinged. "They are hailing us captain" said Royce "So answer them" said Sam "Sabatori keep an eye on their weapons systems" said Sam A bunch of guttural nonsensical sounds came over the loud speaker. Sam looked at Royce. "They either want to know what we are doing here or just invited us to a wedding" said Royce Sam gave him a level look and he shrugged. "Inform him what happened" said Sam "Do you want me to apologize for alarming them?" said Royce "No something tells me they might find that insulting" said Sam Royce attempted to respond in the same language and it sounded like he was trying to imitate a chiauha with a head cold. She had no idea what he was trying to say but he sounded awful saying it. There was stunned silence on the other end then more angry guttural words which Royce responded to then silence. "They've stopped transmission" said Royce "They are powering up their weapons captain" said Sabatori "Evasive maneuvers Mr. Nguyen" said Sam The deck tilted under her feet, she quickly sat down in her chair and strapped in. The deck tilted crazily beneath them. What the heck maneuver was he trying to do? This was supposed to be a galaxy class not a star fighter. "They've fired captain" said MacGregor "No kidding really? Just what did you say to them Royce?" said Sam The whole simulation chamber rocked just like a ship under fire panels blew out and the lights flickered. "Ah I'm not sure, I could have sworn it was that we were just leaving captain" said Royce Smoke and alarms filled the room. "Shield strength?" said Sam "Down 20% a few more shots like that and we are toast captain" said Sabatori "All right Mr. Nguyen get us out of here" said Sam She could feel the ship turning then suddenly more stuff blew out. The lights went down. Then came back up the buzzer sounded saying the simulation was over. "What happened?" said Sam "They took out our shields and hit us with a torpedo, the ship blew up underneath us" said Macgregor. The door to the outer room slid open and the instructor was standing there. Sam numbly unstrapped. She should have won. They were on their side of the neutral zone the Klingons shouldn't have fired at all. The simulation was a cheat. No wonder Kirk was so bent about it. There was literally no solution that didn't lead to death. That dirty rotten, ooh that was so unfair. Her crew filed out looking defeated and upset but at least they didn't look like they needed to go to medical. Still there was med students scanning them as they walked out. A couple of her crew were treated for slight burns that must have happened when the panels shorted out. "A most unorthodox albeit logical solution, cadet Morningstar" said Spock "Err thanks I think" said Sam She never knew if the man was insulting her or not. "I just have one question if I may, you raised shields prior to destroying the ship might I ask why?" said Spock Sam shrugged not that it mattered now. "It felt like a trap, you know something the Klingons might try just so they could say we broke the treaty first" said Sam Spock nodded in understanding. "What exactly felt like a trap to you?" said Spock He was tapping something into his PADD and Sam hoped she didn't just make the test harder for the next group. "Honestly everything except the name of the ship, it couldn't have been a more obvious trap if you had named the ship cheese" said Sam Spock paused in his typing and looked up at her. "Cheese?" he questioned. Someone was laughing behind him and he came forward to clasp Spock on the shoulder. "Cheese, very funny as in build a better mouse trap am I correct?" said the man He was dressed like an admiral and looked vaguely familiar. "Yes sir, you are correct sir" said Sam He moved forward and held out his shook it. "Not a popular solution mind you but one that would have seen your crew live to see another day" said the admiral "Ordinarily yes" said Sam The admiral smiled and she knew he got her meaning. "Too true it is not a very fair test is it?" said the admiral "There is no such thing as fair sir and I doubt any of us would truly want a world where everything was fair" said Sam He grinned. "How very right you are, so very true." said the admiral "One last question if I may admiral" said Spock The admiral nodded in her direction "By all means I must admit a certain level of curiosity regarding her solution" said the admiral "I understand your reasoning behind destroying the other ship but why did you apologize?" said Spock Sam shrugged "It seemed rude not to, I mean just because you have to kill someone doesn't mean your manners have to lapse" said Sam Spock and the admiral stood there with almost identical looks of shock on their faces. "Amazing, simply amazing. It seems this mouse was too clever for your mousetrap commander" said the admiral Her instructor was waiting for her, the admiral nodded in the instructor's direction. He smiled at Sam and she had this weird feeling that the man was sizing her up for some reason. "You may go cadet" said the admiral Sam nodded at the admiral and then Mr. Spock "Thank you admiral?" said Sam "Marcus, admiral Marcus and the pleasure is mine cadet Morningstar" said the admiral Sam smiled at him and started to walk away, then she turned back to him. "The mousetrap didn't work sir because I'm not a mouse sir, I'm a raptor" said Sam She gave him her squadron name with a smirk. She caught his chuckle as she walked away from them.
Red 7 She was in a great mood despite having essentially died in the simulation. Her fictional crew weren't so happy with her decision however and she could already tell she was going to end up with a nasty reputation because of her solution. The commander had been impressed or at least she thought he was. You never could really tell with a Vulcan. She wasn't sure what to make of the admiral she didn't really know anything about the man. She passed a girl she knew was one of Lela's former customers. She looked upset. "What's wrong?" said Sam The girl glanced at her then nervously rang her hands. "Nothing" she said quickly Then hurried away before Sam could ask any more questions. Frowning Sam watched her hurry away. Something was up and for some reason she had a bad feeling Kirk was somehow involved. Speaking of which where was he? He had promised to be there for her test why wasn't he? Sam spotted one of the engineering students that was Kirk's roommate. She walked towards him. The man watched her approach with widening eyes. When she got close enough to talk he fumbled the Padd in his hands and it hit the ground. She sighed the man had always been a complete nervous wreck, you think after hanging out with James he would pick up something useful. Like some confidence. "Have you seen Kirk?" said Sam The man retrieved his Padd and was looking it over to make sure it was not damaged. He sighed with relief then nearly dropped it again when she spoke. He quickly wrapped both arms around the device and hugged it to his chest. His eyes widened and he licked his lips. Sam tapped a foot impatiently. "He... ah... he's...um" stammered the man Sam waved her hand in clear prompting for the rest of the sentence "Yes he what spit it out man" said Sam He shoved his glasses back up his nose. "He's scheduled for the Kobayashi Maru" said the man Sam nodded and turned back towards the building she had just left. Kirk, McCoy and Sulu walked out as she approached, Kirk was grinning ear to ear. Sam frowned something was seriously wrong someone doesn't walk out of a test like that with a grin on their face. McCoy looked worried and Sulu looked shocked. Just what was going on here? "Kirk?" said Sam He spotted her standing there and smiled in her direction "Sam!" he said He put his arm over her shoulders. She gave him a strange look because she was certain he was dating Gailia. He hugged her close he was laughing. "Come on join us we're celebrating" said Kirk His good mood was infectious but some part of her still nagged that something was wrong. He walked towards one of the shuttles that went back and forth into the city. A few weeks ago they had lifted the ban keeping her on Starfleet property, so Sam was more than happy to leave for a while. Her classes were done for the day and she could use a bit of relaxation. "Sure what are we celebrating?" said Sam Kirk smiled at her and led her onto the shuttle. "He beat the test" said McCoy He nervously sat down next to her and strapped in. she could tell he detested flying almost as bad as she did. "Beat the test?" said Sam Sulu sat down opposite them. He leaned back with a sigh. "The Kobayashi he beat it, somehow" said Sulu He sounded shocked still or at the least disbelieving. She turned back towards kirk. He was staring at her for some reason. She opened her mouth to ask how and kirk suddenly leaned forward and touched his lips to hers. "I never noticed before how beautiful you were" said kirk when he withdrew. She opened her mouth to protest because she felt he was only trying to redirect her. "I thought you were dating Galia?" said Sam McCoy chuckled beside her. Jim drew back, his eyes were practically glowing with mirth. She never noticed how very blue they were almost an electric blue or aqua. "She was fun for a while but we were never officially dating per se" said kirk McCoy rolled his eyes at the man's audacity. Sam smirked at him. "Does she know this?" said Sam Kirk paused and bit his bottom lip. He nodded more to himself. "yeah I fairly certain she won't be talking to me for a while" said Kirk She wondered why he sounded so certain of that but the pilot touched down and the doors slid open. Kirk was already unlatching his harness and she followed suit. McCoy rushed past her on the way to the door. Kirk smirked at his passing. "come on, enough talk we're here to have fun" said kirk He pulled her to her feet and steered her out the shuttle door. She could guess by that smirk what he was hoping for in the way of fun. She made a mental note not to get too plastered in his presence. There were quite a few hotels that rented by the hour in this city and she had no intention of being another notch on his bedpost. Kirk led them down the street and they boarded public transit. They got off in downtown and Kirk led them inside to a seedy night club. The music was pounding and she could barely hear what her companions were saying. She didn't recognize the song but techno was all the same in any century. She stood there swaying to the beat trying to decide if she wanted to go out there on that dance floor alone. Kirk solved her dilemma by grabbing her hand and dragging her towards the floor. She glanced at her other companions and found they had already paired off with partners. "Now don't laugh at me too badly I'm just a farm boy from Iowa remember" said kirk "Really I'm from Oklahoma originally" said Sam Kirk smiled at her and pulled her close. She was swaying her hips to the beat and kirk was simply staring at her. "So you're the girl next door then?" said kirk He was teasing and she knew it. She smirked back "No honey I'm the girl from the wrong side of the tracks" said Sam "Tracks?" said Kirk Sam smirked at him sometimes she forgot how old some of the expressions she used were. She rolled her hips through some belly dancing moves and watched as Kirk licked his lips. Men were so predicable no matter what century they were from. He moved forward and soon they were grinding against each other. He was so close she could reach him with teeth or tongue. So tempting "It means I'm the girl your mother warned you about" she whispered into his ear. He smiled again and nuzzled into her hair. "Well then it's a good thing I didn't heed her warnings" said Kirk He put his hands on her hips and pulled her back against his front. She gave a throaty chuckle when she felt the hardness. She was about to turn around and tease him about it. "Cadet Kirk?" said a male voice. Kirk looked slowly up and frowned. The other dancers had moved away from the two newcomers who were obviously Starfleet police corp. "Umm yes" said Kirk His hands still on her hips as they continued to sway to the music. "You need to come with us cadet" said the cop Sam slowly stopped swaying because her stomach was suddenly in knots. "Step away from your fellow cadet please, cadet Kirk" said the cop "What's going on?" said Sam McCoy and Sulu were slowly making their way towards Kirk and Sam. "Miss I have to ask you to stand aside I do not want to hurt you" said the blond cop "Hurt her, whoa what the hell!" said Kirk She watched him clench his fists and she was pretty certain he meant to fight the two cops. Sam slowly stepped back but she watched the two cops closely, just to make sure they didn't do anything out of line. "Thank you miss" said the dark haired cop. Sam took a quick snapshot of his name tag while Kirk was being handcuffed. Her old cell phone didn't get service for calls but it still made for a decent camera. "Enjoy the rest of your evening miss" said the dark haired one. Sam glared at him until he turned away. They were leading Kirk away when McCoy and Sulu finally reached her side. "What's going on why are they arresting Kirk?" said Sulu McCoy gave him a level look and Sam finally figured out the good doctor was in on Kirk's little plan. "Come on lets follow them" said Sam "What's that?" said McCoy He nodded towards the phone in her hands. She almost laughed because a few centuries ago one of these was practically glued to everyone's hands. "It's a cell phone, it also takes pictures and records video" said Sam "Records? You were recording them?" said Sulu "Yeah one of them threatened me and I don't entirely trust them with Kirk" said Sam Sulu nodded in understanding. "So what are you going to do about it?" said McCoy "Turn their ass in, I'm pretty sure threatening another cadet is against regulations" said Sam "Yeah, especially if you weren't doing anything illegal" said Sulu "Come on we should follow them" said Sam The other two nodded and they made their way out of the club. The cop's car was already gone. So Sam and the others caught public again and got off where the academy shuttles landed. They could see the tail end of the MP's shuttle heading back to Starfleet. Sam flopped back on the waiting bench and resigned herself to waiting for the next one. It shouldn't be too long of a wait. The waiting area was deserted except for them. Sam killed the phones recorder. "All right McCoy out with it what did he do?" said Sam He gave her a wide eyed attempted innocent facial expression. Sam gave him her fiercest glare yet. McCoy sighed and deflated when she didn't fall for his innocent act. "You remember when he sent us that text saying he was going to change the rules?" said McCoy "Yeah" said Sam She remembered the feeling of dread right along with it. "Well he did" said McCoy Sam blinked for a second then McCoy's words clicked into place. "Wait you mean to tell me he hacked the Kobayashi and changed it so he could win?" said Sam McCoy nodded yes. "Then they will most likely kick him out" said Sulu "Or put him on a really long probation so long as he's contrite about it" said Sam As soon as the words left her mouth she knew they were false. Kirk and contrite just didn't go together. Both men gave her a level look and she knew they weren't buying it either. The knowledge just seemed to fuel her worry. She stood and impatiently tapped her foot. The approaching running lights of the incoming shuttle were not moving fast enough in her opinion. The shuttle touched down and she was already racing onboard before the doors were fully open. She strapped in and waited while the others did the same at a much slower pace. "Calm down he's going to be alright" said McCoy He didn't sound as convincing as she wanted him to. She tapped her foot while the pilot waited for any latecomers. She almost unstrapped and shoved him aside so she could drive, that was the extent of her patience right now. McCoy's hand on her knee stopped her as her hand reached for the latch. She turned slightly towards him. He was almost white as a sheet and he was trying to get her to calm down. "So doc why does he call you bones? He never said" said Sam McCoy smirked wanly and she could see him relax just a little bit. "That's because when he met me on the shuttle in, it was just after my divorce so all I really had left was my bones" said McCoy "Ouch that bites" said Sulu Sam raised her eyebrow because Sulu was picking up quite a bit of twentieth century slang from her lately and it was actually kind of funny. "Oh that's completely horrid" said Sam McCoy smiled at her display of sympathy and Sam realized belatedly that she had partially hugged the man without realizing it. She reluctantly drew back some. McCoy was staring at her. "He's right you are quite pretty, I never realized it before now" he said She gave him a worried look. Jim she expected that behavior from but not Leonard. "Ah thanks" she said awkwardly. The shuttle touched down and she quickly unstrapped. McCoy looked disappointed but then shrugged it off because in the end he was worried too. Sam headed straight for the detention center, she knew exactly where it was from her many brushes with Starfleet's security force. She walked right in the front door. The commanding officer on duty stood up to meet her. "Miss Morningstar to what do I owe this little visit?" said the commander. Sam smiled at him. Fortunately it was the nice one on duty, so all she had to do was be nice and he would normally be accommodating. "What I can't miss you guys?" said Sam in a mock pout. The commander smiled then looked towards the lock up area. "I can't let you see him regulations, sorry" said the commander Sam sighed in defeat. "Well can you at least tell me what he's charged with?" said Sam McCoy and Sulu walked in behind her and she saw the commanders gaze shift briefly to them then back to her. "Yeah that I can, cheating and violating academic ethics. Hey look they're treating this kind of seriously so I can't tell you more" said the commander Sam frowned at him. "What can you tell me?" said Sam "Just that his hearing is tomorrow morning, now unless you want to report something I have to ask you to leave" said the commander McCoy cleared his throat and Sam turned. He gave her a meaning filled look and glanced at her pocket. "Oh yeah as a matter of fact I do" said Sam She dug out her phone and the man frowned at it. "What is that? Some sort of antique pad or something?" said the commander. "Close but I use it as a camera now since there's no wireless service anymore" said Sam She tapped a few buttons and pulled up the video of what happened at the night club. The commander watched in stony silence as it played. He tapped his fingers on the counter. "I take it you wish to report their behavior?" said the commander "No just the one the other guy was polite, the blond was the rude one" said Sam The commander nodded and typed something into his Padd. Then dug in a drawer for something. After a few moments he held up a cable in triumph. "You said this does wireless transmissions?" said the commander "Yes why?" said Sam "Do you mind if I download this?" said the commander "No Ethan I'm fine with it" said Sam The commander smirked at her. "You remembered my first name" he said Sam shrugged. "I've been in here enough times to remember everyone's name, if I cared to" said Sam He smiled and tapped in a few things in his Padd then plugged the cable into her phone. He saved the video and sent it via text message to his Padd. "Got it, I'll handle it from here and try not to worry too much Sam I am sure it will all work itself out" said the commander Sam nodded and reluctantly walked away. At least with Ethan there kirk was in no danger of being hurt. They didn't talk on the way back to her dorm. Sulu and McCoy both escorted her to the dorm building door and thankfully didn't try to make small talk or tell her any false platitudes. She watched them walk away and knew they must be thinking the same thing she was. Sam walked towards the lift and hit the button. When it showed up she climbed on board and leaned her head back against the lift wall. She could feel the tears begin to gather in her eyes. The door slid open and she angrily wiped the moisture away. Damn it she refused to feel sorry for him, he did this to himself. She punched in her door code and walked into her room. The empty side of the room that used to be Lela's seemed like it was mocking her tonight. She flopped down on her bed and gave into the tears where no one could see them. She drifted off into a fit full sleep. She found herself back on the bridge of USS Cadet or at least she thought she was. Except the Kobayashi was already on fire and it wasn't alone. She wasn't the captain this time someone she didn't recognize was and they were shouting orders over the cacophony of the sirens. Sam's fingers moved across the control panel in front of her, which looked like the helm. The ship shook then suddenly the orders stopped and silence reigned so deep her ears rang from its loss. She glanced to where the captain had been and he was gone. She looked around the bridge. With dawning horror she noted everywhere she looked the stations were empty. She turned back around and a gaping hole where the view screen had been greeted her. Filling the hole and getting closer by the minute was an alien ship. Something green flashed from the alien ship and Sam sat up with a scream. Her chest hurt like the oxygen had really been sucked out of the room. She shoved back the sheets that had entangled themselves around her legs and glanced at the clock. It read 0400. Great it was four o'clock in the morning. She must have slept through dinner last night. She groaned and shoved the blankets off her legs and swung them out of the bed. She had just enough time for a morning run and a shower before they started serving breakfast and she had to report to her first class. She grabbed her running gear and quickly changed clothes. A fog had rolled in overnight so she could barely see the running trail in front of her or the lights that still lit it up. Only a few other students seemed to be using it this morning so she was absurdly grateful for the silence. She was still worried about kirk and was wondering if she still wanted to remain if they kicked him out. Sam was rapidly losing friends in this place and it was beginning to take its toll. Her dream last night didn't help any either. She steered around a fellow cadet and then back to where she was running. "Your moving quite fast this morning, is there any particular reason why?" said a voice to her right. She turned her head and almost ran into the wall surrounding a flower bed. "Commander?" said Sam He had been watching her rather closely as of late and it was starting to bother her. She forgot this was the time he usually ran or else she would have gone later. He raised an eyebrow at her when she changed stride and position so she wouldn't collide with the scenery. "You startled me, sir" said Sam "My apologies I forgot the limitations on human eyesight" said Spock She gritted her teeth to keep what she wanted to say in check. She wished she knew why if he held such a low opinion of humans was he teaching them. "Your face is already flushed cadet yet you have been running for only twenty minutes, surly I did not startle you that badly" said Spock She knew what he was asking but she really did not want to give him that opening so she redirected it into subject matters he would be uncomfortable with. "Just trying to run off the effects of that dream" said Sam He looked intrigued. "What dream?" said Spock She mentally giggled at how ridiculously easy it was to lead him into that question. She brought up some decidedly naughty images from a more pleasant dream and she could feel her face flush in response. She nervously cleared her throat. "Ah, I don't think I should discus that with you sir" said Sam He looked momentarily shocked. Sam used that shock to break away from him and run just a bit faster. She knew he would probably catch her but right now she just didn't feel like dealing with nosy Vulcan's. She heard him come up beside her a few minutes later and mentally cursed Vulcan stamina. She almost kicked herself when she saw him flinch. Damn she forgot about the psychic thing. "Have I done something to offend you cadet Morningstar?" said Spock She frowned because honestly he hadn't. "Not that I am aware of sir" said Sam He stared at her for a few minutes and she could swear he was looking right through her. She deliberately thought about the feel of Kirk's body sliding against hers on the dance floor last night. The sensation abruptly stopped and she could swear his cheeks looked a bit greener. "Why is it that whenever I speak to you I sense hostility towards my person?" he said She raised an eyebrow all but mimicking his earlier eye lift. "I have no hostile feelings towards you sir perhaps you are simply catching me at a bad time" said Sam She couldn't remember being any more hostile towards him than she was towards anyone else, except for when her cycle hit. Then she was pretty much horrible to everyone. He gave her a strange look and she smirked at him. "I see" he said Did he? Did he really? She would be willing to bet he was seeing just how hazardous it was to read her mind right now. He looked confused. Welcome to the world of women sweetie, she thought. He opened his mouth to say something more and Sam cut him off. "What is it you are really after sir?" said Sam He tilted his head sideways just a bit. She wondered, if he knew just how much he was giving away in just body language alone. "I do not understand your meaning cadet" said Spock Sam glanced to her side and saw Uhura heading in their direction. He knew exactly what she was saying. "Perhaps you can figure it out later commander, good day" said Sam She nodded in his direction and jogged away before he could respond. Uhura jogged past her and gave her a strange look as she passed. Sam smiled at her as she passed. She may not be overly fond of Uhura but she didn't deserve to be cheated on. Sam reached her dorm and vanished inside to change clothes. By the time she came back down both of them were gone. She draped her bag strap over her shoulder and headed for the mess hall. Her thought were half on Kirk and half on Spock. She just couldn't figure the Vulcan out to save her life. If he was single she would say he's possibly interested but she couldn't tell for sure. He has never made any intention known either way. If anything he has been nothing but polite. She would say his interest was purely academic if her marks were any higher but in all honestly they were quite average. So what gives? Was it that she challenged him on that first day or was it because she kept doing so every chance she got? She got in line behind the other cadets and grabbed a tray. A quick glance around the room yielded Alex sitting next to Sulu. A very subdued McCoy was picking at his food next to him. Sam picked up her tray and made her way towards the group. She sat down without a word but she caught Alex's worried look. Everyone looked like they had gotten just as much sleep as she did. At least she wasn't alone in this. The food tasted like dust today but she managed to choke it down. The others ate about as much as she did. She put up her tray when she was done and just like the others trays her was half full. They started towards their first classes of the day when the announcement speakers came on. "All cadets and instructors are to report to the main auditorium" said the message
Red 8 Sam took a deep breath here it was. She glanced at the others and they looked just as worried as she did. They nodded and followed her out of the mess hall. For some reason Sam seemed to have been made the unofficial leader of this little party. As a group they mingled with the growing crowd heading towards the auditorium. This was definitely for a disciplinary committee no other event would have a turn out like this. Her worry grew by leaps and bounds and she started softly praying under her breath. "I didn't know you were religious" said Bones "I'm not usually but given the circumstances I think he can use all the help he can get" said Sam They walked up the stairs and through the doors. McCoy took over briefly when she couldn't decide where to sit and found them some seats in the middle towards the aisle. The judge's seats were all mostly empty and Sam noted their names on the name plates. Two of them she recognized as having a problem with Kirk's attitude and at least three were there for her hearing. "Not good" said McCoy She looked at him and he nodded to across the row. Spock was sitting down at one of the outer seats usually kept vacate for instructors. He was staring at Sam so she ignored his gaze. Instead she faced forward and watched as the judges filed into the room and took their seats. Sam eyed them dispassionately, trying to see if any one of them looked as if they could be even remotely sympathetic to Kirk. She turned and noted the hall was almost filled. She had a momentary morbid thought that now would be the perfect time for an enemy to strike with all of them assembled in here. She heard the swoosh of the outer doors and the room went silent. Kirk was led into the room by two MP's and seated at the end of the row right in the front. Sam noted at least he wasn't cuffed. She wasn't sure if that was a good sign or not. Sam studied Kirk. He was sporting a bruise on his cheek that hadn't been there the night before. Which meant he most likely got into it with that guard. He looked calm and composed but Sam knew him well enough she could tell he was nervous, maybe even a little bit scared. One of the judges tapped a hammer on the desk in front of him. Sam noted with amusement that judges still used a gavel in this day and age. "Order! Come to order!" he shouted It was somewhat unnecessary because he already had silence and everyone's attention. "Cadet Kirk step forward" said the judge Sam watched Kirk stand up straighten his uniform and walk to the small podium at the front of the room. "Cadet Kirk evidence has been submitted to this council suggesting that you have violated the ethical code of conduct pursuitent to star fleet regulation 17.43. Is there anything you care to say before we begin?" said the judge Sam's stomach did a flip flop. "Yes I believe I have the right to face my accuser" said Kirk Spock slowly stood up and Sam firmly resisted the urge to groan. "Step forward please, this is Commander Spock he is one of our more distinguished graduates. He has programmed the Kobayashi test for the last four years" said the judge Spock took up the position behind the second podium and turned to face Kirk. Sam stared in shock. He programs that monstrosity, no wonder it was so messed up. Only a Vulcan would think terror was a logical test of one's abilities. "Commander?" said the judge "Cadet Kirk you somehow managed to install and activate a subroutine, thereby altering the tests conditions" said Spock Sam's gaze flicked across the room and landed squarely on Gallia. The woman looked both nervous and angry. So that's what Kirk meant by her not wanting to talk to him again. He must have used Gallia to gain access to the system that ran the test. He probably seduced her to do it too. Idiot thought Sam though she wasn't quite sure which of the two was the stupider. "Your point being?" said Kirk, his tone was nonchalant as if he didn't care "In academic vernacular you cheated" said the judge "Let me ask you something, that I think we all know the answer to, the test itself is a cheat isn't it? You programmed it to be unwinnable" said Kirk "Your argument precludes the possibility of a no win scenario" said Spock "I don't believe in a no win scenario" said Kirk Sam smiled she didn't either. There was always a way to win even if it was nothing more than a smile in the face of certain death. Sam turned her gaze towards Spock. What was the Vulcan really so bent about? "Not only did you violate the rules but you failed to understand the principal lesson" said Spock Sam frowned, principal lesson? What the hell was he talking about? That life sucked, pretty sure most of them got that memo a long time ago. "Please enlighten me" said kirk Sam sat forward because she was curious too. What were they really trying to measure with that test? "You of all people should know cadet Kirk that a captain cannot cheat death" said Spock Sam's mouth dropped open in shock. Oh no he did not just go there? That was just low even for a Vulcan. Sam glanced at McCoy and saw he was just as upset for his friend as she was. She barely resisted the urge to scream bad form at the Vulcan. Kirk shifted and Sam could see he was holding back the anger. Sam silently prayed he wouldn't do something stupid like punch that pointy eared bastard, not that he didn't deserve it. "Your father Lieutenant George Kirk assumed command of his vessel before being killed in action did he not?" said Spock Even Sam wanted to slap that self-satisfied smirk off his face. McCoy swore under his breath beside her. She carefully laid her hand on his arm and squeezed. He gave her a look and then nodded understanding what she was trying to convey without words. She had to hand it to Kirk he kept his cool amazingly well. "I don't think you like that I beat your test" said Kirk "Furthermore you have failed to define the purpose of the test" said Spock "Enlighten me again" said Kirk His jaw was tense, but otherwise he gave no indication that he was about two seconds away from punching a certain Vulcan right square in the nose. "The purpose is to experience fear. Fear in the face of certain death. To accept that fear, to maintain control of oneself and one's crew. This is a quality expected in every star fleet captain" said Spock Sam frowned that was what he was trying to measure, seriously? No wonder she failed. She lived in a constant state of fear since she got here. That and she had already faced certain death because she had been more than certain when she fell from that bridge that she was going to die. Did screaming your bloody head off all the way down count as maintaining control? She doubted it, there were just some things you couldn't control. Kirk looked as though he were struggling to maintain that control when one of the guards hurried forward and handed the main judge a Padd. The judge tapped the open key and Sam felt an odd sense of dj vu. Her stomach flopped again, why was she so nervous? The judge briefly read it then looked up at the assembled cadets. "We've received a distress call from Vulcan with our primary fleet engaged in the Lorenceian system, I hereby order all cadets to report to hanger one immediately, dismissed" said the judge The sound of everyone climbing to their feet was thunderous. Sam grabbed McCoy's hand and dragged him through the exiting crowd towards Kirk. Dodging leaving cadets as she did so. She passed Spock as he exited and he gave her a strange look. "You okay?' said Sam Kirk smiled at her. "Yeah I'm fine who the hell is that pointy eared bastard?" said Kirk "That would be the jerk that nearly got me kicked out over my choice of footwear" said Sam "I liked your footwear" said McCoy Sam snorted and gave him a level look "No you like my legs, the footwear is just an excuse to look" said Sam McCoy smirked and followed Sam towards the door. Kirk hesitated for a second and they turned to see why he wasn't following. "He said all cadets" said McCoy Kirk nodded "So he did" said Kirk He put an arm around Sam's shoulders and squeezed one briefly. He was forced to remove that hand as the bottle neck for the door shoved them into single file. She sighed in relief as the sunlight hit her eyes a second later. Everyone in the school was heading for the landing pads. Hanger one was on the space station and it was also the only way to access the only ships in dock at the moment. People were filing into the available shuttles as they approached. One of the instructors spotted her and waved her over. Sam went with a strange look on her face. "Morningstar?" said the commander "Yes sir that's me" said Sam He pointed to one of the parked shuttles. "That one's yours you've got ferry duty, report to the watch commander after your last run" said the commander. Sam nodded and headed for the shuttle in question. A group of cadets spotted her heading for it and started following her. McCoy and Jim snuck into the group. Sam punched in her door code and the loading ramp slid out. She headed for the pilots chair and took a seat as the back began to fill up. Her copilot sat down and she turned. "Hey Hershey" said Sam "Morningstar, hey cool glad to see you again" said the man He was dressed like an instructor for some reason. "You made instructor?" said Sam "Yeah self-defense class first year" said Hershey Sam smiled and glanced behind her at the cabin. It was almost full. She spotted Kirk and McCoy trying to blend into the group. Two more people climbed aboard and the ship was full. She spotted Spock heading for the ship. She gave the signal that the shuttle was full and closed the door. If Spock got onboard he would surly make Kirk get off the shuttle. Sam fired up the engines and waited for the tower to clear her. As soon as the word came through she lifted off as she did so she noticed Spock disappear into another shuttle. She got in line behind the previous shuttle to depart and headed for the station. As she was landing she noted two of the shuttles were already returning for more cadets. At this rate the entire academy would be empty in no time. She touched down and opened the door. The cadets unstrapped and filed out the door. Sam noted that McCoy was steering kirk out of the shuttle and towards sick bay. She nodded and closed the door as soon as the last cadet was clear. She waited for a second then moved her shuttle into the line of departing shuttles to do another run. As soon as she received word she followed the shuttle in front of her out and back to the planet. Parked it and waited for it to fill up again. As soon as it did so she took off again. Unloaded and took off for one last run. "Should be the last run this time, pickings are getting mighty slim" said Hershey Sam looked down at the approaching school. The shuttle ahead of theirs was already taking off and there was only a few people waiting. The school was eerily silent. The buildings stood empty when they should have students in the classrooms at this hour. Hershey noticed her uneasy stare. "Yeah it's kind of creepy isn't it" said Hershey "Yeah" said Sam She landed the shuttle and flicked the switch for the doors. She leaned back and waited while ten to twelve people climbed on board. She waited a few minutes more. They were going to be the last shuttle out so she decided a few seconds more just to make sure she got the last of the stragglers. A cab pulled up in front of the school, one of those fancy flying models. The passenger got out and ran across the lawn to the landing pad. She noted his uniform as he approached, some ship would have been minus its captain if she didn't wait. The man rushed on board and quickly sat down. Sam looked up as he passed and grinned. She knew the man. "Hey Captain Pike, running a bit late there you almost missed us" said Sam "Thanks for waiting Samantha" said Pike He sighed and sat down. He was strapping himself in when two more guys dressed like captains climbed onboard. Sam shook her head and smirked, waited a few minutes more then closed the doors. They were the last one to the station and four ships were still docked. Sam shut down the shuttle and opened the doors. Sam climbed out of her seat and followed Hershey out of the shuttle. Pike was already heading for another shuttle. Sam walked up to the flight deck supervisor. "Morningstar" said Sam The man looked at his Padd. "Reliant, helm. Better hurry that's your captain" said the manager He pointed to a man running for one of the shuttles. Sam hurried after him and so did Hershey. Sam climbed onboard and strapped in. Hershey strapped in next to her. The captain was eyeing her. She stared right back. "Captain Terrell, they say your my helmsman" said the man He extended his hand to her and she shook it. "Samantha Morningstar" said Sam She shook his hand briefly "I see you've already met my first officer ,lieutenant Hershey and I already know each other, you I am unfamiliar with I am afraid" said Terrell Sam wasn't quite sure what he was asking. "Ah what do you want to know?" said Sam He tapped on his Padd and frowned at the screen. She could guess he was looking at her less than stellar academic record. "It says here you're a member of the Raptors, that's a stunt team is it not?" said Terrell "Yes sir one of the best" said Sam Terrell raised an eyebrow "The team that is" said Sam That earlier statement sounded a bit arrogant to her. He nodded and looked out the window. He lowered the Padd in his hands. "There she is, so beautiful and about to take her maiden voyage" said Terrell. Sam turned so she could see the ship out of the window. It looked different than the enterprise. Sam opened her mouth to ask a question but Hershey beat her to it. "What class is it, I don't think I've ever seen that design before?" said Hershey Terrell smiled at the question "Miranda class, and no you haven't she's the first of her class, just like that constitution class sitting next to her" said Terrell proudly Sam smiled because he was right it was a beautiful ship. It wasn't huge like the one sitting next to it but in her opinion that made it all the better. "Looks kind of tiny" said Hershey Terrell gave him a scathing look. Sam tilted her head and stared at the ship as they neared it. She noted the torpedo tubes and the multiple phaser banks. "Yes but I bet it packs quite a punch" said Sam She nodded towards the ship Terrell looked where she was looking and smirked. "Yeah the schematics say its packing a nice little arsenal for a vessel that was originally supposed to be a science vessel" said Terrell They pulled into the ships docking bay. The shuttle pilot shut down the shuttles engines and opened the hatch. Sam unstrapped. This was it this was her first assignment. She was literally going into space. She felt giddy and terrified at the same time. She glanced at the captain and frowned. Why did the man look so familiar? Something was nagging in the back of her mind it wasn't until they exited the turbo lift onto the bridge that it finally clicked into place. This was the bridge from her dream. Terrell headed for the captain's chair. Sam just stood there for a moment staring at the people who had been in her dream. She didn't know their names but their faces were unforgettable. "Any day now cadet Morningstar" said Terrell Sam swallowed the nervous lump of fear and made her way towards the helm. She sat down then remembering her dream strapped herself in. "Cadet it's not necessary to strap in when we are just leaving the station" said Terrell. Sam nodded and started her preflight. The rhythm of Terrell's fingers on the arm of the captain's chair was quite annoying. Sam turned to look at the man. "Ready when you are cadet" said Terrell Sam glanced at communications the Vulcan woman nodded in her direction "We've been cleared by the tower" said the Vulcan "Very good T'lin, Morningstar take us out" said Terrell Sam swallow and urged the controls forward. The ship slowly moved forward and out of the launch bay. Sam set the course for Vulcan and reached for the warp controls. She took a deep breath and pushed the lever forward. The stars became blurred lines in front of her. The feeling nagged at her again and Sam checked her sensors. A small unidentified blip was showing up on the edge of her screen. Sam slid the ship out of warp. She hit the port thrusters just as the ship dropped out of warp. Right into a field of debris. "Raise shields" said Terrell The guy next to her did so with a quick movement. He gave Sam a glance and she looked down at his lap. He reached for his restraints and fastened them. She heard the soft clicks as a few of the others did the same. The captain still hadn't though and it worried her. Sam steered the ship behind what looked like one of their ships. "Those are Vulcan ships" said the communications officer "Not all of them" said the guy next to her at the ops station. A quick glance at his board told Sam all she needed to know. The guy next to her had the tactical displays on his control panel. She was glad he had decided to strap in for some reason she felt she was really going to need him. "T'lin fire off an encoded message to all incoming ships, this is a trap, repeat this is a trap" said Terrell T'lin nodded and hit the controls. "Morningstar, Cho what have you got for me?" said Terrell Cho tapped his keys. "The only other ship still running out there is that monstrosity on our starboard side" said Cho Sam was staring in shock at the image on the view screen. That was the ship, the one from her dream the one that... okay Sam stop it she mentally chided herself. Get a grip and get your mind in the here and now. You know what happened in the dream just don't repeat that and you should be fine. "Any idea what class it is or where it's from?" said Terrell Sam was staring at her read outs she had no idea what it was or where it was from but she would be willing to bet her iPod that it was hostile. "should I hail it sir?" said T'lin Sam's eyes widened in horror as her dream flashed before her eyes. They had hailed it right before it attacked them, which meant they shouldn't hail it. "Yes let's see who they are and what they are up to" said Terrell "No!" Sam blurted T'lin's fingers froze on the controls. "cadet Morningstar you have an objection to my orders?" said Terrell Sam swallowed because what she had just done sounded a lot like insubordination. "Sir, I just believe we should proceed with caution. The ship is obviously hostile or the Vulcan's would not have called for help, I do not believe it has spotted us as of yet and from this debris field I am not sure we wish it to" said Sam Yes that sounded cowardly but damn it his actions would definitely get them all killed. Captain Terrell seemed to think about what she said for a few minutes. "T'lin belay that order" said Terrell Sam sighed in relief and everyone on the bridge gave her a perplexed look. "Sir I have another ship on an approach vector, it appears to be exiting the atmosphere right now" said Cho Suddenly the black ship fired and the ship burst apart like toy under a car wheel. Sam stared at the debris in horror. "Red alert, Cho lock phasers on that vessel" said Terrell Sam gasped because he had said that in the dream. She opened her mouth to protest. "Cho fire all phasers" said Terrell Sam gasped as the beams of light streaked away from the ship and struck the other one. They didn't appear to do any damage but now the other ship was turning towards them. Sam's fingers were already flying across the controls before Terrell could even say the word evasive.
Red 9 The ship was turning but it felt agonizingly slow to her. The beams were getting closer they were almost out of range. She thought they were home free for a second before it hit. The ship shuttered and bucked beneath them. The shields were still holding for now. "Shields have dropped to forty percent captain" said Cho Sam caught that worried look he quickly tried to conceal. She wondered what class level he was at because she knew even the first years had been shoved into the shuttles. Her gaze landed on a huge piece of debris that drifted past the view screen. She wondered briefly if any of those first years were even still alive. "Shields are down to twenty percent sir" said Cho The alien ship had been pounding them since it turned and it was going to break through their shields at any second. Sam's fingers flew across the panel and steered the ship so one of the larger debris pieces was between the ship and the alien ship. It would give them a brief respite but only until the other ship moved. "Morningstar take us to 1.745, full impulse" said Terrell Sam wanted to groan the man was forsaking safety for a shot at wounding the other ship "Cho open fire the second we are clear" said Terrell Sam sighed and did as she was told. She guessed today was as good as any on which to die. The other ship anticipated this move and opened fire one last time. Sam realized belatedly that the other ship whoever they were knew star fleet tactics. The ship rocked and then suddenly there was deafening silence. Her ears felt like they were under water or on a plane waiting for them to pop. Sam looked up from her panel and froze. The view screen and the whole front half of the bridge were gone. She turned to see the captain hanging onto his chair. Where was Hershey? Sam looked for him and saw him sliding towards the hole. He looked unconscious and was making no effort to slow his slide towards certain death. Why wasn't the emergency shield kicking into place? The other ship was angling for the killing shot. Another of those volleys into the bridge would kill everyone here, including her. On impulse Sam puled the lever that would angle the bow up and present the tougher belly of the ship to the enemy vessel. Hershey stopped sliding just as the emergency shields came on. Sam's ears still felt like they were filled with cotton. Cho swayed next to her and she felt somewhat light headed for some reason. Low oxygen her mind automatically identified. Sam reached across her panel to his and hit the emergency oxygen button. Masks fell from the ceiling and Sam quickly shoved hers over her nose and mouth. She took a deep gulping breath and pressed the second mask to Cho's face beside her. He blinked and then suddenly gripped the mask. "thanks" said Cho Though the sentiment was muffled by the mask. Sam quickly steered the ship behind some more debris. They were sitting ducks without those shields and the aliens knew that. Sam turned to find most of the crew was coming around. She glanced at the captain, he wasn't moving and neither was Hershey. She mentally reviewed regulations to see who was supposed to be in charge if both the captain and first officer were incapacitated. She swore softly when she remembered it was whoever the helm officer was, which made it her. Oh crap she was in charge. "T'lin get medical up here stat, Polanski check the captain and Mr. Hershey's vitals but don't move them" said Sam the Vulcan woman nodded and hit some buttons. "they will be here shortly captain" said T'lin Sam glanced in her direction apparently Sam wasn't the only one who memorized regulations. "Captain we are getting reports of fires on decks seven through four" said Cho Sam winced because that was where she had just angled the ship so it would get hit there. "Tell them to get it out as best they can" said Sam The turbo lift doors slid open, the medical personnel stopped and stared at the gaping hole in their ship. "Enough staring you two help the captain and Mr. Hershey" said Sam The men blinked then swiftly moved forward. A few minutes later they were wheeling both Hershey and Terrell off the bridge on gurneys. Sam swallowed nervously great she was hoping at least one of them would wake up and take over. Everyone was staring at her now and Sam noted that all the positions that had been empty in her dream were still filled. Which meant she had changed it, they weren't going to die unless she really screwed up. She took a deep breath. "T'lin mark this in the log, Ensign Samantha Morningstar acting helm officer is hereby elevated to the rank of lieutenant under star fleet code 6741. 6 covering battlefield promotions and is assuming command of the USS Reliant, until either the first officer or captain is able to resume command as pursuant Starfleet regulations 856.2 section 15" said Samantha "So noted" said T'lin "Cho status?" said Sam "We have no shields, one of our engines is damaged but we still have impulse thrusters and all of our weapons" said Cho It was obvious by the way he said weapons he expected her to throw themselves at the other ship and hope they destroyed it before it destroyed them. That idea was suicidal at best. It would be exactly what any other star fleet captain would do. Except the enemy knew that. So that means she can't do that because they would anticipate that, and most likely kill them. Sam looked out the hole and reviewed her options. There was a debris field all but circling the planet and just a bit of a ways off there was an asteroid cluster. Sam made her decision and laid in a course for that cluster. "Captain?" said Cho "Don't worry Mr. Cho we're not deserting them just making it look like we are" said Sam Cho gave her a confused look but stopped questioning her. Sam positioned the ship behind the biggest asteroid she could find. Sam stared at the other ship for a few seconds then turned to Polanski "Mr. Polanski what can you tell me about that ship?" said Sam The science officer turned to his screen and typed on his panel. "It appears to be a mining vessel or some sort of heavy transport, its make and origin are uncertain. It is however heavily armed more so than we are and its shields are still at maximum" said Polanski He glanced at Cho and swallowed. Chagrinned Cho looked away. "so in other words we are outgunned and have no clue who that vessel belongs to beyond the fact it is clearly hostile" said Sam She turned and surveyed her crew, man that sounded weird even in her head. Her gaze landed on T'lin and suddenly she had an idea. "T'lin do you know of any race that would be openly hostile to the Vulcan people?" said Sam The others turned to look at the sole Vulcan in the room. T'lin seemed to take an awful long time giving an answer. "My species is usually quite peaceful but I know we do have a history of hostilities with the Romulans" said T'lin Sam nodded that made more sense than some random ship deciding to target Vulcan. "Sir if it is the Romulan's they are quite familiar with both our tactics and Starfleet's" said T'lin Sam understood what she was trying to say, she had caught on that they seemed to know their tactics too. "Captain Permission to speak freely" said Cho "Always Mr. Cho, go ahead" said Sam He looked relieved for some reason. "Ma'am we should attack them now when they are no longer concerned with us" said Cho Sam nodded she had a feeling he was going to say something like that. "That would be stupid didn't you hear me when I said their shields have full power?" said Polanski He seemed to realize at the last moment that he had just argued with his fellow officer in front of his captain. Even if she was just the acting captain she could still have him thrown in the brig. "Relax Mr. Polanski, Mr. Cho I have every intention of attacking that ship back just as soon as I can figure out how to do so without getting us blown out of the sky" said Sam "I feel I must point out the error of that statement it is unlikely that we will explode should they hit us again. We are more likely to simply break apart as there is no oxygen in space to fuel combustion" said T'lin Everyone gave her an incredulous look, Sam shook her head immediately dismissing her angry retort clearly T'lin was under a great deal of stress and had no idea how to react to it. Personally Sam didn't agree with the Vulcan habit of suppressing their emotions she felt that someday they were going to simply explode. The rest of the crew glared at T'lin. "Okay thanks for the info, ideas?" said Sam She was drawing a blank and they was out here on their own, she wasn't prepared for this none of them were. "If we had another ship we could..." said Polanski Sam frowned if they had another ship. Sam could just leave them to deal with this and limp this ship on home and get a new windshield. "Well we don't have a..." said Cho "Captain I'm being hailed" said T'lin Sam started to say put it on the main screen but that would be some feat considering it was no longer there. "Audio only T'lin" said Sam T'lin glanced at the space the screen had once occupied and gave Sam a level look, Sam shrugged at her in return. "Do you intend to hide?" said a new voice. It was definitely male and mocking. "Only if you continue to shoot at us, to whom am I speaking?" said Sam T'lin was looking at something on her screen and wearing the Vulcan equivalent of a frown. "You are a woman?" said the man He sounded shocked and Sam smirked. Men who reacted that way usually underestimate a woman when they encounter one in a command position. It was something she could use against him all she had to do was get him to act on it. "Yes, you sound shocked by that captain..?" said Sam "Nero, do you have visual by any chance? I like to see who I am addressing, captain?" said Nero "Morningstar and regrettably no my ship no longer has visual communications but it does have a great view" said Sam She had wandered away from her station and was now stopped squarely in front of the opening where the view screen had been. She was frighteningly aware that all that stood between her and certain death was a thin screen of energy. He laughed "You have an interesting sense of humor captain Morningstar it is captain is it not?" said Nero "It is now" said Sam She didn't know why she gave him that little tidbit, maybe she was hoping he would underestimate her further if he knew she was inexperienced. "Ah I see is that why you hide little captain, is it terror that has you fleeing me" said Nero Sam turned back towards her crew and smirked at them. They all gave her confused looks. She laughed "I suppose you'd rather I paint a huge red and white circle on my ship's side and then be gracious enough to hold still for you" said Sam "It would be much a much swifter and more merciful end then waiting for your systems to fail" said Nero Cho mouthed that they had just been scanned by the other ship. Sam was staring at the other ship searching it with her eyes for a weakness. "Speaking of ships where did you get yours from its very beautiful" said Sam It was in a sort of creepy vessel of death sort of way. He laughed again. "Are you trying to ask me from whence I hail captain?" said Nero "I believe I just did" said Sam He chuckled again seemingly amused by her words. "The Nerada's design is quite simplistic I am afraid. I would hardly call it a work of art, it is after all simply a mining vessel, and as to your rather pointed query I hail from Romulus. Does that sate your curiosity little captain or would you like to beam over and let me sate mine?" said Nero The way he said that had Sam seriously wondering if the Romulan was making a pass at her. "I am afraid I would have to decline that invitation" said Sam Cho waved at her to get her attention. "Such a pity I so wished to see if human females are as fragile as they say" said Nero Sam frowned she didn't like the way he said that, it sounded very double entendre. She chose to ignore the obvious lewdness of that comment. He did claim to be a miner after all. "Why are you here Captain Nero?" said Sam She leaned over Cho and looked at his screen. Sam nodded when she read the telltale signs that another of their ships was incoming. She guessed it was the enterprise and wondered what had took them so long. "Oh please just Nero will be fine, there is no need to stand on formalities. Speaking of which I do not believe I caught your first name" said Nero She smiled so he wanted to be on a first name basis did he, cheeky little bastard wasn't he? Still it might make him let his guard down some more, plus while he was distracted he wouldn't notice the enterprise until it was too late. "It's Samantha if you really must know" said Sam She signaled Cho to be ready at the weapons system. They would only get one chance at this. As soon as the enterprise came out of warp the Nerada would open fire on them. Cho nodded in understanding. Sam wished she had her notepad on her she needed to say a few things to her crew that she didn't want Nero to hear. "Samantha what a lovely name it matches your lovely voice, oh how I wish I could see you" said Nero Sam could see where his bridge was and it had a front window like some of the other Starfleet vessels. The only difference was his was partially concealed. It was currently facing their direction at the moment which meant it wasn't facing the enterprise's exit vector. "Well if you look out your front window you could probably see me" said Sam She walked towards the view screen again and stood there looking out at the ship. She could see someone standing in the window area. She raised her hand and waved to him. They heard silence from the Nerada for a few seconds "You are a tiny thing aren't you, you were right that is quite a view" said Nero Sam frowned so she was a bit short, but tiny? Just how big were Romulan's anyways? "Small packages sometimes contain big things" said Sam He chuckled in response. "You never answered me why are you here, I get that Romulan's haven't always been on the best terms but why are you doing this?" said Sam "Ah I see you know something of my people enough to quote one of our proverbs, badly I might add, yet it is understanding you still seek" said Nero Sam smiled "Anger always has a reason, love not so much" said Sam He laughed again and it was about that time the enterprise finally showed up. She heard one of his crew members talking softly to him "They cut us off captain" said T'lin Sam barely restrained the urge to swear, damn it she had him distracted. Stupid observant crew members. "Cho arm our weapons and somebody look up Romulan mining vessels we need to find that things weakness" said Sam "On it captain" said Polanski "Captain they are firing on the enterprise" said Cho "Take out those torpedoes Cho" said Sam The man's hands moved across the board and two lines of light sped to intercept the Nerada's projectiles. "I think I found it ma'am" said the andorian girl "Very good ah..?" said Sam "Cadet Neru, captain" said the Andorian girl Sam leaned over and looked where she pointed. The information on the screen wasn't exact but could be very useful. "Thank you Neru that is precisely what I was looking for" said Sam She walked over to the helm and sat down. She strapped herself in and started up the ships engines. At the moment the Nerada was firing at the enterprise and ignoring them. Sam pulled back the lever and backed their ship away from the asteroid they were currently sitting on. She carefully maneuvered the ship around the asteroids and debris so they were coming up behind the Nerada. The enterprise wasn't moving and that is when Sam noticed a second problem. "what is that hanging off the bottom of the ship?" said Sam "It appears to be a drill, captain" said Neru Why in the world would they drill into an inhabited planet? For some reason a scene from one of her favorite movies, Armageddon, flashed through her mind. The line about drilling down far enough caught in her mind. "Cho open fire, make sure you hit that drill" said Sam She had a seriously horrified thought that they were trying to blow up Vulcan. The Nerada had stopped firing on the enterprise and was now trying to hit them too. Except Sam had positioned their ship close enough to the backside of the Nerada, right between their gun placements. So no matter how they turned they could not hit them. "Captain we're being hailed, it's on Starfleet frequency" said T'lin For a Vulcan she sounded a bit emotional almost relieved sounding. "Thank you whoever you are" said Pike "Whoever I am, really Pike forget me already?" said Sam "Samantha?" said Pike "Yep, you guys okay?" said Sam "Yes we're a bit banged up but still mostly functional, Samantha where is your captain?" said Pike "Sickbay" said Sam "And your first officer?" said Pike "The same, what took you guys so long?' said Sam "So that would make you the captain, wait no, you're only an ensign aren't you?" said Pike "Ah not anymore, its part battlefield promotion and placement, they're Romulan's. That ship is a mining vessel" said Sam "I see thank you Samantha" said Pike For a second Sam was worried he was going to send them home. The line suddenly went dead and Sam looked at T'lin "Jammed, the Nerada is talking to them captain" said T'lin Sam wasn't focusing on her however she was looking at the piece of the Nerada that was within spitting distance to the hole where their front windshield had been. Something was crawling along its surface. "What in the world?" said Sam "Ma'am a shuttle just launched from the enterprise" said Neru
Red 10 "Polanski how many transporters do we have on this ship?" said Sam "Ah the standard five on deck four and two cargo pads on deck twelve, why?" said Polanski "Get someone manning all of them and someone find me a volunteer" said Sam "A volunteer ma'am, what for?" said Cho "I want a sample of that ship somehow its repairing the damage we did to it and I want to know if we can use that to our advantage" said Sam "Yes captain" said Polanski "Captain three people just jumped from that shuttle down to the drilling platform" said Neru "T'lin get me engineering I want that sample now" sad Sam "Captain the crew reports the transporter pads are manned now what?" said Neru "Have them start randomly targeting the citizenry of Vulcan and send them to our cargo hold. Have someone from operations run tie downs across that whole area they are going to need a way to hang on" said Sam "Hang on?" said Polanski "Captain, I must protest randomly beaming the citizenry into our cargo hold constitutes kidnapping and will greatly offend my people" said T'lin "T'lin look out there what do you see?" said Sam "A hostile Romulan vessel" said T'lin "Yes it is a hostile Romulan mining vessel what do miners use to clear tunnels?" said Sam "Explosives?" said Neru "Exactly cadet Neru, now do you see why I am evacuating as many Vulcans as I can" said Sam T'lin's eyes widened in shock "You suspect they intend to blow up Vulcan?" said T'lin "Yes, yes I do "said Sam "But captain the amount of explosives needed to do so is more than most mining vessels carry" said T'lin "When has that ship or its captain shown itself to be typical? Look if I am wrong I will formally apologize to the Vulcan senate in person" said Sam "We won't be able to go to warp with that hole in our hull. The pressure change will tear the ship apart" said Polanski "Yes I know that is why I need that sample, T'lin?" said Sam She tapped a few keys. " Putting you through to engineering captain, oh and deck four has starting beaming a bunch of angry Vulcans onboard and security is handling the tie downs would you like me to dispatch some to talk to our guests?" said T'lin Sam could tell the woman suspected the worst too. "Engineering Tucker speaking, what can I help you with captain?" said Trip "Trip? Is that you?" said Sam "Samantha? What are you doing on the captain's line?" said Trip "I'm acting captain now Terrell and Hershey are in sick bay, trip I need you to find me someone willing to walk outside with a plasma torch and get me a sample of that ship" said Sam "A sample? What for? And aren't they shooting at us right now?" said Trip "we have a hole in the front saucer section, and I want to see if those self-repairing properties I am seeing will work for our ship, and no they can't even hit us where we are now, which is technically piggybacking them at the moment" said Sam "They might try to stop us" said Trip. "don't worry we'll be covering him" said Sam " gotcha captain, I think I have just the man hold on" said Trip He hung up and then came back on the line a few minutes later. "Okay he's suiting up, where do I send him?" said Trip "Tell him to go out the starboard side airlock on deck twelve, we'll cover him with the cannons" said Sam Cho gave her a level look. "The cannons?" said Trip "Okay I'll tell him" said Trip and sighed off. "Captain there appears to be a fight in progress on the drill platform and we just lost one of them over the side" said Cho "I take it no one could get a lock on him?" said Sam "No he was falling too fast, sorry captain" said Cho She closed her eyes briefly. Another loss just what they didn't need. Sam moved towards the opening and looked out "Captain we have a lot of angry Vulcans onboard and some of them are demanding answers" said T'lin. Sam sighed "fine patch me through to the decks" said Sam T'lin did so an looked towards her. "This is captain Morningstar of the USS Reliant. I am sorry about the abruptness of your departure but in light of a significant threat to your world, I felt it necessary to evacuate as many people as I could. If I am wrong about this threat I do apologize. Also you will notice several straps lining the deck these are for your safety should we have to maneuver quickly. Thank you in advance for your understanding and cooperation" said Sam She gave the signal to kill the feed right afterwards. T'lin turned and stared at her because she had said that whole thing in Vulcan, oddly the Vulcan woman actually looked impressed. She spotted movement by her ship and saw her man slowly move out of the ship. T'lin had her head bent over the console and appeared to be monitoring their lone space walker. "Cho watch that ship for any movement" said Sam She watched a bright spark light up against one of the other ship's tendrils, she wasn't sure what purpose those things served as but they were protecting them at the moment. "Captain we've got movement" said Neru Sam heard T'lin pass that information on to the lone away member. "Is he done yet?" said Sam "No captain he still has a small section to go" said Polanski "Mr. Cho target those advancing Romulan's with the plasma cannons and blow them away, T'lin tell whoever that is out there to keep working" said Sam She relayed the message and Cho's finger flew across the panel in front of him. Their guns only needed to fire once and all five advancing attackers were gone. Sam waited tensely expecting Nero to respond in some way. "Captain that shuttle went inside the Nerada and hasn't come out yet" said Neru "T'lin contact the enterprise and find out what is going on" said Sam Their guy was done and currently making their way back inside. She sighed when he reached the airlock and vanished inside. "Captain their communications officer reports that Captain Pike has surrendered to the enemy ship, and Kirk and Sulu were trying to sabotage the drill, acting captain Spock has come to the same conclusion that you have" said T'lin She sounded worried to same "Is our guy back on board yet?" said Sam "Yes captain" said Neru "Good have him report to the bridge and bring that chunk of funky space ship with them" said Sam "Funky?" said T'lin The turbo lift doors slid open and onto the deck walked a kid in a jump suit. He stared at the hole in the front of the room "Hey kid you got it?" said Sam He held up the piece in his hand. It looked like it was already trying to repair itself in his hand. "Great now weld it to that strut" said Sam She pointed at the hole. They gave her a strange look. "Captain?' said the boy "Yes, now move we haven't got all day" said sam. The boy shrugged and moved forward to comply. Several sets of eyes were giving her weird looks. The boy started welding it in place and the piece moved. The boy jumped back and Sam moved closer. She knelt down and stared at it. The small piece he had welded in place was growing. Sending out some sort of tendrils like plant vines. "Captain careful you're not wearing gloves" said the kid "What's your name kid?" said Sam "Reese sir err ma'am" said the kid "Good work Reese, that'll be all" said Sam The kid nodded and walked towards the lift. Sam turned back to the now rapidly diminishing hole in their hull. "Captain they've just launched something down the drill" said Neru "any idea what it is?" said Sam "No clue captain its readings are too off for it to be standard explosives" said Polanski "Captain I am picking up severe tectonic disturbances all over the planet originating from the drilling site" said Polanski. "Our evacuation efforts?" said Sam "Our holds nearly full and we've barely got over a thousand we've started filling up empty cabins and other storage areas" said Neru " keep them coming even if you have to start filling corridors to do it" said Sam "Captain someone just beamed down from the enterprise and the Nerada is firing up its engines" said Polanski. Sam quickly sat down at the helm and strapped in. she fired up their engines. "T'lin have they gotten pike back yet?" said Sam "Yes captain enterprise reports him as being back aboard" said T'lin "Great now patch me in to all decks" said Sam T'lin moved her fingers to obey. "This is your captain speaking, hang on to something the ride is about to get seriously bumpy" said Sam She gave the signal to cut the transmission just as the Nerada pulled up its drill and jumped to warp. The planet below them looked like pieces were breaking apart from the continents. Sam reached for the warp controls. "Captain we can't go to warp yet, it's not fully repaired" said Polanski Sam's heart did a lurch they were going to die. "Captain the enterprise is asking if we need assistance" said T'lin Sam looked towards the other ship through the small rapidly closing gap. "Tell them no and to save themselves" said Sam Come on come on hurry she silently urged. "They aren't moving captain" said Polanski Through the last part of the hole Sam watched Vulcan collapse in on itself. The enterprise jumped to warp a second or so after "Oh god!" said Sam "Captain?" said Cho Sam turned the ship away from the planet. They couldn't possibly outrun the debris wave at impulse speed. "I'm sorry" said Sam She started to say more when she noticed the last of the hole had closed. She hit the lever and jumped to warp. The sudden speed pushed her against the seat. Her fingers flew across the controls as she dodged around the debris in a desperate headlong flight out of the system. She ended up nearly inverting the ship twice and making so many sharp turns her stomach ached from the impacts against her harness. They were still running at top speed when Polanski told them they had successfully outrun the explosion. Sam pulled back the lever and dropped them out of warp. "T'lin get me engineering" said Sam She stood up and near took her seat. "Polanski keep an eye out for the Nerada" said Sam She turned towards T'lin, the woman was sitting there in shock. Sam swallowed she couldn't even begin to understand how it felt to watch your world be destroyed. The Vulcans were now an endangered species. All that was left was however many they had beamed aboard and what the enterprise managed to get. Speaking of which they really should get a count of them. "T'lin do you need to go to medical?" said Sam The Vulcan woman swallowed. "No captain... I" said T'lin "Would you like to take a moment to compose yourself?" said Sam The Vulcan woman nodded yes "You may use my ready room if you like" said Sam The Vulcan nodded again and took the ear piece from her ear. She stood up and quietly walked towards the door leading to the captain's ready room. The door opened at her approach and then slid shut behind her. Every crew member on the bridge watched her silently go. When the door slid shut. Neru calmly walked over and took T'lin's place. Sam sat down at the helm again. She was reluctant to sit in that captain's chair and with at least one man down they had no one to fill the empty position anyways. "Neru get me security" said Sam "Yes captain" said Neru Her voice was shaking and Sam could tell she was holding back the urge to cry. "Security on com line two" said Neru Sam hit the button. "O'Malley here, what can I do for you captain?" said security "Mr. O' Malley I need you and your team to get a count on all of our new passengers. You'll find them on all decks except this one" said Sam She heard the other man whistle. "Oh man, okay on it captain" said O'Malley "Captain I've got engineering on line one" said Neru Sam hit the button and answered him. "what can I do for you captain?" said Trip "Have you started those repairs yet?" said Sam "Ah actually all I can do is patch it for now, anything else is going to mean dry docking her" said Trip "All right do what you can we're heading back to earth" said Sam She clicked off the line and took a deep breath. The ships log would note this but Sam felt she had to at least tell the refugees onboard what had happened. She forced the urge to cry away. "Neru get me all decks please" said Sam Neru complied just as the door to the captain's ready room slid open. Just the facts Sam decided they were a logical people and they wouldn't appreciate an overly sentimental retelling. Neru signaled that Sam was on the air. She slowly stood up and smoothed her uniform. She took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. "This is your captain speaking, on star date 2258.42 at 1500 earth standard time the planet of Vulcan ceased to exist. The Romulan captain known as Nero was responsible for its destruction and I want you to know that Starfleet will make every effort to bring this criminal to justice. I apologize for the cramped conditions you find yourselves currently in, I have laid in a course to earth so they will be mercifully temporary, I am sorry for your loss, captain out" said Sam She sat back down and wiped her eyes because the tears had gathered despite her best efforts. T'lin walked across the floor to her station. She looked composed at the moment but Sam wasn't fooled. Neru vacated the seat and let T'lin have back her station. Sam watched as near went back to the rail she had been standing beside. Sam groaned, the girl had no real station and here she was doing double duty. "Neru take the helm" said Sam The girl froze. "Captain?" said Neru "Yes, what is the problem Neru?' said Sam She noted the antenna on her head was in a position that indicated embarrassment. "I have never flown anything outside of a simulation" said Neru Sam smiled at the girl. "You've got to start somewhere, besides I already laid in the course all you have to do is keep us from hitting something" said Sam Neru nodded and nervously took the seat that Sam vacated. Sam walked slowly towards the captain's chair and sat down.
Red11 Sam's heart was hammering, holy shit that was close. We're still alive, okay now breathe Sam and think she chided herself. If you were a self-righteous prick like Nero what would you do next? A cold sensation settled in the pit of her stomach when she came to that answer. Attack the earth, destroy anyone the Vulcans would go to for help. He wasn't just after destroying their world he wanted nothing short of genocide. She swallowed nervously. "T'lin get me Starfleet headquarters, emergency channel" said Sam T'lin didn't even question her as her fingers slid across that panel with quick efficiency. "I'm not getting through captain the relay station must be down" said T'lin "Or destroyed" said Cho He said what Sam had been thinking already so she didn't bother to correct him. "T'lin check on the captain for me" said Sam "Mr. Cho anything on the enterprise?" said Sam "No captain but its last heading was the Lorenceian system" said Polanski Sam firmly resisted the urge to swear what the hell was their captain doing. Even if he reached the fleet they were already busy with a Klingon problem it's not like they could drop everything and come to their rescue. "All right keep an eye out for them, hopefully they'll succeed in getting us a little back up, T'lin get me engineering" said Sam She pushed more buttons. "Engineering on line two. Message from the doctor on three, says that Terrell has a concussion and will be out of commission for a while. Mr. Hershey has a compound fracture to his right arm and he dislocated his shoulder same arm, it's his dominate arm so he also will be laid up for a while" said T'lin Sam was relieved that at least they weren't going to die she had managed to advert their deaths at least. She flicked the switch for line two on the arm of the captain's chair. "What can I do for you captain?" said Trip "Trip I need you to get someone on those shield generators right away" said Sam She glanced at the now repaired front section of their ship. They still had no front view screen but the hole was closed. There were several thin threadlike pieces that had spread from the spot in the hull. She suddenly had an idea, it worked for the hole in their hull. "Trip get Reese up here with that plasma torch" said Sam "Captain?" said Trip "I'll explain later, please hurry" said Sam Cho and the others glanced at her with confused looks. She could fully understand why but she really had no time to explain herself right now. A few minutes later crewman Reese exited the lift onto the bridge again. He stopped and looked to her for guidance. "Cut those little tendrils off and take them down to deck six, then weld them over the section that covers our shield generators" said Sam Reese moved to do so. "Captain the regulations state that a new species or technology must be studied before it is allowed on a starship" said T'lin Sam frowned, she was right it did say that. "It does say that, but under the circumstances, emergency protocols demand I do everything in my power to make sure this ship is still in the air" said Sam "Plus we're the only one out here" said Cho Reese was done cutting and he stuffed the piece into the carrying container and headed for the lift. Twenty minutes later engineering called. "Yes, go ahead" said Sam "The holes are just about patched, but to tell you the honest truth I am not altogether easy using this stuff on our hull. What if it takes over the ship?" said Trip "That's why we're docking at the station and sending our passengers down via shuttles" said Sam "Good thinking, it is however working so far. I'll keep you informed of our progress" said Trip He clicked off and Sam turned back towards the front screen "One of our shield generators is showing a test sequence" said Polanski Sam sat back and waited. The crew was all working to get the ship back up to fighting trim and Sam's only job was to oversee it at the moment. "I've been informed that we can turn the shields on now" said Cho "The reinforcement patches are almost complete" said Polanski "Captain I found the Nerada its directly in front of us on a course for earth" said Cho Sam's stomach fell. Oh crap why did she have to be right this time? "The Enterprise?' said Sam "No sign of her captain" said Polanski "Are all our systems up and running?" said Sam "Yes captain" said Polanski "Neru lay in an intercept course, it's time to draw our line in the sand" said Sam The girl nervously complied, she glanced at Sam once or twice nervously. "T'lin take us to red alert, Mr. Cho fire up our weapons and target that ship. As soon as they are in range open fire, Neru be ready for some fast maneuvering"said Sam The klaxon and flashing red light went off. "T'lin go ahead and kill the klaxon, then get me all decks no better yet just tell everyone to hang on to something" said Sam T'lin nodded and relayed the message to all decks. Right after she did so Cho opened fire. Neru was already turning the ship to reangle for another shot. Cho fired again, each shot squarely hitting the Nerada. "Captain they are returning fire" said Polanski "Evade" said Sam Neru did so and the shots missed. "Keep hammering them Mr. Cho" said Sam She was counting on her ships maneuverability because it was smaller. Cho fired again and this time Neru didn't turn in time "Shields still at full captain" said Polanski Cho fired again and suddenly the ship stopped moving. Sam turned to look at Neru, she was frozen and shaking. The Nerada had fired again and Neru was frozen in fear. Sam climbed out of her seat. "Move!" said Sam Shaking still Neru vacated her seat. Sam hit the controls and maneuvered the ship out of the way of the blast. "Continue Mr. Cho, Polanski monitor any damage we do" said Sam Neru had moved back to her previous station and looked crestfallen. Sam didn't have the time or inclination to coddle her right now. She was too busy dancing their ship out from in front of the Nerada's guns and then giving her ship a clear shot and doing it again. "Captain their shields have dropped 10%" said Polanski He sounded excited and she didn't blame him "Ours?" said Sam "Still full" said Polanski Beside her Cho's fingers danced across the firing sequence, spitting fire from each of their guns in no particular order. "Captain I'm picking up the enterprise" said Polanski "Good they can join us" said Sam The Nerada fired again and Sam had to take the ship near vertical to avoid the shot. "Reinforcements still holding captain, shields still at full" said Polanski Sam turned the ship sharply and came up over the top of the Nerada. At this angle the ship was directly below them but their guns were at the top of their ship. Sam hit the port thrusters and barrel rolled the Reliant so Cho could fire. She was very glad everyone had followed her example and strapped in because they were looking down at the ceiling at the moment Cho opened fire and she rotated the ship finishing the maneuver so they were now below the Nerada. It was at that point the Enterprise opened fire and Sam was given the double duty of avoiding their guns and the Nerada's. Together they were chewing the larger vessel up and overloading its ability to regenerate. "Captain a smaller ship just launched out of the Nerada" said Polanski "Life signs?" said Sam "One Romulan, also there is a radioactive signature similar to what they employed on Vulcan" said Polanski. He gave T'lin a worried glance. "Mr. Cho target that ship" said Sam "But captain the proximity..." said Polanski "Can't be helped right now, if that ship gets away it will do to earth what it just did to Vulcan" said Sam She turned the ship sharply. Cho opened fire on the smaller vessel and then sent one more volley into the Nerada. The first few shots missed the smaller ship. As they were leaving the close proximity to the Nerada Cho fired at the smaller vessel one last time and this time hit it. Sam jumped their ship to full impulse and streaked away from the smaller vessel before it exploded. Boy did it explode the tiny ship went off like a nuclear bomb and using part of the Nerada made a black hole. Sam turned when she was beside the enterprise. Without a front view screen Sam had only the screen for the sensors on her display. "Captain they are hailing the enterprise" said T'lin "Acting Captain Kirk offered them assistance, they refused" said T'lin She had a self-satisfied tone to her voice that conveyed she was pleased by their refusal. "Very well Mr. Cho one last time, light them up" said Sam The last of their torpedoes streaked towards the Nerada alongside those of the Enterprise. The Nerada went up in flames and the vessel was pulled apart by the black holes gravity. Sam turned her ship towards home. "Captain the Enterprise is hailing us" said T'lin She sounded better more at peace with what happened. Sam took a deep breath. She had kept her promise, Nero had been brought to justice. "Put him through" said Sam "Do you require any assistance?" said Kirk Sam chuckled "Naw, I think we're going to just limp back home now" said Sam He chuckled "Okay, we'll follow you home. Ladies first" said Kirk Sam chuckled "That's for elevators" said Sam "Huh?" said Kirk Sam chuckled and told T'lin to cut the feed. "T'lin record this" said Sam She pushed a few buttons and nodded in Sam's direction. "At 22:00 earth standard time the federation vessel USS Reliant engaged in combat the Nerada captained by the Romulan criminal known only as Nero. A fight the Nerada subsequently lost and was sucked into the black hole they created" said Sam She gave the signal to cut it "Go ahead and transmit that to all decks" said Sam She glanced towards Neru the girl was still cringing somewhat. "Neru you've got the helm" said Sam She stood up and stepped back. The crew turned and gave Sam a confused look. Neru stared with wide eyes, her antennae were down indicating she was ashamed of her earlier behavior. Sam gave her a level look and the girl inched closer. She gave Sam a look that said are you sure. "I haven't got all day cadet" said Sam Neru quickly sat down and rested her hands on the controls. Her antennae slowly came back up as her confidence returned. Sam sat down in the Captain's chair. "Captain I have Mr. O'Malley on line two" said T'lin Sam hit the button on the arm of her chair. "Yes Mr. O'Malley" said Sam "I've got that head count you asked for Captain" said O'Malley "Great what are the numbers?" said Sam "Ah they stand at 5,365 not counting crew members which ups the number by another twenty" said O'Malley "Sorry Captain I had hoped the numbers would be higher too" said O'Malley "No that's fine Mr. O'Malley you guys did the best you could, have medical go through and check for injuries" said Sam "Already on it captain, O'Malley out" said O'Malley "Neru can we do warp?" said Sam She shook her head no. "No captain the port nacelle is damaged, we are lucky we even still have engines" said Neru Cho sighed and was frowning at his display. "What is it Mr. Cho?" said Sam "Captain, I've just been informed by our gunners that we melted the firing mechanism on one of the photon cannons and one of our phazers has gone missing" said Cho Sam sighed "Don't worry about it Cho they can replace her guns, just be glad you still got deck under your feet" said Sam "Captain I've got engineering on line one" said T'lin "Go ahead" said Sam "Captain?" said Trip "Hey Trip how bad are we?" said Sam He let out a huff of air. "Not as bad as I thought but she's still gonna spend a lot of time in dry dock. Speaking of which our docking clamps are damaged, so you might want to have them tractor us in" said Trip "Will do thanks for the heads up, just do whatever you can to keep us in the air Trip" said Sam She closed the channel and shook her head. Man this ship was messed up something fierce it would be a wonder if they ever let her on a ship again. It was relatively smooth sailing back to base if you don't count the starboard stabilizer going out and having to pilot the ship at a 45 degree angle to keep it from going into a spin. Needless to say by the time they reached the station everyone on the bridge had a sore spot on one side of their bodies. The station tractored them in and extended a boarding ramp so her passengers could disembark. The Enterprise was pulling into the adjacent bay as Neru shut down their engines. Everyone sighed in relief and slowly stood up to stretch. Working the kinks out of abused muscles as they did so. "Captain, O'Malley wants to know if he has your permission to disembark the passengers" said T'lin "Yes of course tell him to go deck to deck if he has to. Have him coordinate with station security and set up some sort of survivor's roll call or something. We should try to reunite as many families as we can" said Sam The turbo lift slid open and Terrell was standing there. Sam saluted him "Captain on the bridge" said Sam Terrell smiled "At ease, there is already a Captain on the bridge. Lieutenant Morningstar" said Terrell Sam blushed somewhat. "How are you feeling sir?" said Sam Terrell sighed and looked around the bridge, his gaze stopped at the repaired spot and he frowned. "Much better since the doc let me out of the sick bay, still a bit of a headache though" said Terrell The lift door slid open and out stepped a man in a medical uniform. He narrowed his eyes and glared at Terrell. "You did good kid, go ahead and go, I've got this" said Terrell Sam nodded and headed for the lift. "Doctor Diaz" said Sam She nodded in the doctor's direction as she passed. Was Terrell mad about the damage to his ship? Or was he just sore because he missed everything? The lift doors closed and she leaned her head back on the back wall. She did it she got them all home safe and sound. That had to count for something right? Sam exited on the deck they had attached the boarding ramp to. It was at that point she finally got a look at the refugees. Men women and children moved numbly towards the doors all in various states of shock. Sam suddenly felt bad for being in such a good mood in face of such a horrible tragedy. She blended in with the exiting crowd and headed for the door.
Red 12 The crowd was huge and slow moving but she eventually made her way down the exit ramp. She spotted Kirk talking to Spock. The Spock suddenly broke away from Kirk and headed for an older looking male Vulcan. Sam frowned because the older man looked quite a bit like Spock. Jim spotted her and made his way towards her. Sam inched around groups of people and closed the distance. Now that the excitement was wearing off she could sure use a drink to calm her nerves. As she got closer she noticed Kirk's face was all bruised up like he had gotten into a fight. "What the hell happened to you?" said Sam Kirk chuckled "Had a bit of a disagreement with a Vulcan no big deal" said kirk She laughed. "no big deal? You look like someone took a baseball bat to you" said Sam She spotted a med stretcher leaving the enterprise and raised an eyebrow. Kirk turned "Pike, Nero did a job on him but at least he's still alive" said kirk "You went over and got him?" said Sam "Yeah" said kirk "Thanks" said Sam He left out he rest and Sam could tell he was thinking about his father and the captain he had served under. "so acting captain?" said Sam Kirk turned back to her with a grin. "yeah Spock was emotionally compromised and stepped down" said kirk "Let me guess the bruises were from convincing him?" said Sam Kirk nodded and rested one hand on the back of his neck. "um yeah, let me tell you they aren't kidding about how strong they are, damn they hit hard" said kirk "I can see that, looks like you got trampled by horses" said Sam Kirk frowned and Sam could tell he was trying to remember just what a horse was. "so acting captain?" said kirk Sam nodded "Terrell got knocked out when we lost the front view screen and so did Hershey, I was the next one in line as the helmsman" said Sam She was watching the Vulcans behind him. Several were finding loved ones within the group of people exiting the enterprise and still exiting her ship. Jim was staring at her ship. So she turned to see just what he was looking at. From their position on the walkway they could see the torn metal that made up the outside of the ship where the view screen had been on the bridge. It looked positively horrendous, in fact the ship was a mess. "Oh man trip is going to kill me" said Sam "Considering your lucky to be alive I am sure he will let it go" said kirk He left out the rest but she could understand what he was trying to say. "So what took you guys so long to show up anyways" said Sam A med stretcher was making its way down the Reliant's ramp. Med personal hovered near it but she could guess it contained Hershey. Ships personnel were starting to come down the ramp along with the Vulcans and the first of the shuttles heading for earth was taking off. "we're going to have fun trying to catch a ride" said kirk Sam turned her attention to the ever growing crowd of Vulcan's and Starfleet personnel waiting for a shuttle. "Naw not really I'm sure they have enough shuttles" said Sam Kirk nodded in the direction of someone approaching them and Sam turned. An older Vulcan was approaching them just a bit behind him were several more Vulcans they all looked like politicians. Sam gave kirk a confused look, so he leaned in and whispered "Ambassador Sarek and the Vulcan high council, also Spock's dad" said Kirk Sam gave him a shocked look. Spock was the son of an ambassador? The man stopped in front of her. "Captain Morningstar?" said Sarek "Actually It's lieutenant I was only an acting Captain, how can I help you ambassador?" said Sam The Vulcan raised his eyebrow in shock. Sam privately vowed to buy Kirk a drink later, it was so worth a shot of the good stuff just to see a Vulcan shocked. "I have it under good authority that you are responsible for this" said Sarek Sam hesitated did he mean the damaged ship or the refugees? "Ah to which do you refer?" said Sam Sarek's eyes were focused behind her for a second but she saw just a glimpse of the pain he was hiding. She turned slightly and watched a couple as they embraced the child they thought they had lost. Sam had to turn away because she could already feel the tears gathering in her eyes. She shoved the feeling back and regarded the Vulcan in front of her. He looked vaguely impressed for some reason. "I was told that you rescued several thousand of my people prior to Vulcan's destruction, I simply wished to convey my thanks on their behalf" said Sarek Sam looked momentarily shocked "Oh ah your welcome" said Sam Sarek nodded in her direction. Spock was walking towards them. He gave his father a strange look when he saw who he was talking to. He stopped a few feet from them "Morningstar" said Spock He seemed unusually tense but then again he did just have his world blown up. "Father, I see you have met cadet Morningstar" said Spock "Actually yes I was thanking acting captain lieutenant Morningstar for saving so many lives" said Sarek Something dark passed across Spocks features then was gone. For a moment Sam had no problem seeing this Vulcan lose control long enough to beat someone into a pulp. Kirk's bruises were a testament to that. One of the women walked up beside him and Sam briefly wondered if this was Spock's mother. The scathing glance she cast at Spock quickly quelled that notion. No mother would look at their offspring like that, that was the kind of contempt reserved for murderers or outcasts. "Lieutenant is it? Do you happen to know the exact figures on how many you did retrieve?" said the woman "Oh yeah O'Malley said he sent it to the flight deck I could ask him if you like" said Sam She reached for the communicator on her lapel. "Mr. O'Malley?" said Sam "Hold on I'll put you through" said a voice she didn't recognize. It must have rerouted through the station. "O Malley here Captain what can I get for you?" said O'Malley "I need those numbers again, I seem to have left my PAD in class" said Sam O'Malley chuckled briefly "I believe we're all guilty of that Ma'am, ah here they are. I had to revise them slightly because we found a few wee ones hiding in a couple cupboards and on the holodeck" said O'Malley "Ah here's the new numbers that would be 5428 counting the crew and the wee ones" said O'Malley Sam frowned she could have sworn those numbers were a lot lower. "Ah O'Malley exactly how many kids did you find?" said Sam "Ah so far about 43 but were checking everywhere now. Don't want to miss anyone, they're towing this ship into dry dock soon" said O'Malley Sam winced because she could only see a small percentage of the damage done to the Reliant and it was bad. It looked like someone had taken a bite out of some parts of it. "Okay so far it stands at 5428 but they are still counting apparently, I'm sure whenever they are done they will forward the numbers to headquarters" said Sam The old woman frowned at her then nodded and walked away from sam. "You fit five thousand passengers aboard your ship? Forgive me for asking but isn't the passenger accommodations no more than a few hundred" said Spock Sam winced "Ah yeah that's kind of why we had them pretty much everywhere" said Sam "Everywhere?" said Sarek "Our halls, cabins, lounges, cargo holds you name it. They were full" said Sam "Damn!" said Kirk Sarek glared at him for the use of the profanity. "Most impressive" said Sarek Sam could feel her face turning red. She turned away and spotted T'lin leading a group of forty school age children down the ramp. Sam briefly wondered just how many of them were orphans now. Sam watched as McCoy and Diaz were busy helping check over the passengers coming off of both ships. The group of elders were making their way towards the gathered refugees. "Come walk with us" said Sarek Sam blinked as the ambassador started walking towards the shuttles. Sam stared after him and kirk shrugged. She watched as Sulu was drafted to fly one of the shuttles and so was Neru. She wondered briefly if they would do the same to her, as she made her way towards the organized chaos that was the staging area. Sam politely stood in line with the group of refugees and Starfleet personnel. She took the time to look around at the gathered group. It appeared that just the Enterprise and Reliant had survived the battle. The loud speaker announced a new arrival and Sam looked towards the empty docking areas. A ship was slowly pulling into the slip. The rest of the fleet was back from the Lorenceian system. The line moved forward and several people ahead of them boarded the waiting shuttle. Sam watched as the old woman and her group cut in front of a young family to climb aboard. She was certainly glad she didn't have to put up with them on her ship. Spock looked relieved when the doors closed. Sam spotted T'lin and her group and waved to the woman. T'lin nodded back in acknowledgement, in her arms was a young boy possibly about four or five. The older man from earlier was staring at her for some reason. He really did look like Spock when you got a closer look at him. "Is that man a relative of yours?" said Sam Spock turned to look where she was looking and froze. "in a manner of speaking yes" said Spock Sarek looked confused and gave his son a strange look "I will endeavor to explain at a later time" said Spock Sam raised an eyebrow she would love to hear that conversation because she had a feeling it was a doozy. She looked at Kirk and he was smirking. Oh yeah he knew what was going on here, he was so going to spill later. Sam gave him a wicked smirk and he shifted nervously. Uhura was pushing her way towards them. She came up beside Spock and attached herself to his side. He didn't seem to mind. Uhura glanced around her. Her gaze finally stopped on Sam and she gave Sam a small respectful nod that shocked Sam to her core. The next shuttle landed and Sam moved forward with the group climbing onboard. The medical shuttle was given clearance before them so they had to wait a few seconds. Uhura strapped in right next to Spock and appeared to be having a conversation with Spock's dad. Sam was slightly relieved she had no idea what to say to the man. I mean what did one talk to an ambassador about? T'lin took the seat next to her and strapped the child in on the other side of her. Sam turned her attention to the children climbing onboard the shuttle with them. "My nephew" said T'lin To Sam's unspoken question. "Oh!" said Sam in response. Sam glanced at the front and found Sulu flying their shuttle. The last few Vulcan's climbed aboard and the doors closed. Sulu was given the clearance to take off and he did so quite smoothly. Sam kept her gaze firmly away from the window but she still flinched when they passed the reliant. The talking stopped from the ambassadors section and he simply stared at her ship. Sam could guess what he was thinking. How did it even still fly? Sam shifted nervously when his gaze landed on Sam briefly. The man sat back and frowned. The shuttle was unusually quiet and Sam was wondered if that was normal for Vulcan children. "So what's his name?" said Sam T'lin blinked and tore her gaze from the damaged ship in the window. "Ah Rowen" said T'lin She gave Sam a nervous glance. Yeah she was thinking it too no need to say how close a call that was. Sam leaned forward so she could see the kid. "Hi Rowen I'm Sam" said Sam The boy gave her an uncomprehending look. "He only speaks Vulcan, he hasn't yet learned any additional languages" said T'lin Sam nodded in understanding, then in perfect Vulcan she tried the introduction again. This time she got a response. She had the kid near giggling by the time they landed. Sam had decided to tell them some fairy tales while they traveled and she had every one of the kids' attention squarely riveted on her retelling of sleeping beauty. Mind she had to work to translate it into Vulcan but T'lin helped with the words she didn't know like dragon. When the shuttle touched down she found even the adults had been listening. "An interesting rendition I do not believe I remember a dragon in the original text" said Spock "I was going off the Disney versions sans the singing" said Sam "Singing?" said Kirk She waved a finger in his face at that wicked look "no way forget it" said Sam She was about to go on when someone softly cleared their throat. Sam looked down to see one of the other children standing there. It was a little girl with a haircut similar to T'lin's, oddly the sweeping tapering asymmetrical cut looked better on the kid. "yes?" said Sam "Why did she eat the apple?" said the girl. Several of the other kids were staring at Sam like she suddenly had the answers to the behavior of the human race. Honestly she didn't know. "You know, I never really understood why they didn't tell her that the evil queen was out to get her or even just not to take things from strangers" said Sam "Was she stupid?" said one of the little boys Sam shrugged "Possibly most women at the time it was written had no formal schooling and she was raised in the woods by a bunch of fairies, so who knows what they taught her if anything at all" said Sam The kid seemed to consider her answer and Sam was sure they were going to be thinking about it for a while. With any luck it would distract them long enough for them to forget their troubles for a while. The door slid open and people started unstrapping. T'lin helped her nephew and then moved on to help the next child. Sam noticed the kid just stood there waiting for her without a single complaint. A couple of the older Vulcan's moved to help T'lin with her charges. Sam let them pass out the door first before following them out. It felt wonderful being on solid ground again. She stopped to take a deep breath. She watched T'lin make her way towards the refugee processing center Starfleet had hastily erected. "So where to?" said Kirk Sam headed for the main hall. "Where are you going?" said Kirk He hurried after her. "To get my bag out of the lockers and then see if the spa in the gym is free" said Sam Kirk smirked at her. "Mind if I join you?" said Kirk Sam shrugged "That depends you gonna tell me what gives with Spock's twin?" said Sam He pursed his lips and regarded her for a moment. "Okay, that's worth it" said kirk She raised an eyebrow. "Is it really?" said Sam She was messing with him now but it was just so much fun. He looked confused so she took pity on him "just teasing you farm boy" said Sam "Okay you're never going to believe this, but its Spock" said kirk Sam stopped walking to turn around and stare at him "Say what?" said Sam "He's Spock, but from another dimension. I know it sounds crazy and believe me I wouldn't believe it if...well let's just say he proved it" said kirk "Proved it how?" said Sam Kirk took a deep breath and ran his hand through his hair. He looked nervous and somewhat emotionally battered. Neither of them had an easy time of it at least as far as she knew. "He did a mind meld" said Kirk Sam rocked back on her heels. Vulcan's rarely did mind melds with humans unless they were mates, in the midst of pon far or the human was so lost in themselves that was the only way to get them to come out. She remembered it had taken one to get her to come out when she had freaked out over being in the future. Kirk didn't seem to be dealing with his all that well. "So what did he show you?" said Sam "Everything a whole lifetime worth of stuff you wouldn't believe, I just.I don't... Have you ever had one of them do it?" said kirk "Yeah when I first got here they told me the year and I freaked out, like totally went catatonic. It took one of them to bring me out" said Sam Kirk gave her an appraising look. "so you know howoh god I don't even know how to say it" said Kirk "Violating it feels no matter how careful they are, yeah I know and I'm sure that's why they rarely do it with humans" said Sam Kirk was looking behind her so Sam turned to look at what he was looking at. Uhura and Spock were walking towards a building together. "Do you ever wonder if they're doing it?" said kirk If she didn't know what he was talking about she would have so taken that the wrong way, especially given Kirk's reputation. "I doubt it they are only dating I would imagine that would be reserved for something serious like marriage" said Sam She honestly didn't want to even think about what another couple did in the bedroom let alone two people she really didn't feel comfortable around. Kirk was frowning at the couple "You don't think they're that serious do you?" said kirk She wasn't really sure but she was glad someone was at least distracting Spock. He made her nervous for some reason that she really couldn't name. "Don't know but if they are we should be happy they found someone at least" said Sam kirk nodded he looked disappointed and she wondered if he was really interested or if it was just because Uhura had given him the brush off so many times. Kirk sighed "Come on if we're going to do this we should do it before they call us in to debrief us" said kirk Sam frowned she forgot about that part. It was another reason she had avoided the command track, she honestly hated having to explain herself. She groaned and followed kirk. The hall door was locked but somehow kirk managed to get it open. She was fairly certain he had picked the lock to do so. She retrieved her bag from her locker and headed for her dorm to get her swimsuit. Kirk had suggested they didn't need anything at all to swim in but she didn't really want to take the chance of getting caught. The man had already gotten in enough trouble this week one more infraction might just be the one to get him kicked out and she didn't want that to happen. For some reason she believed kirk belonged here and she didn't want him to lose this. She climbed the stairs to her dorm. No one was waiting for the elevator and her floor was eerily silent. Sam didn't want to really think about why. She wondered what Starfleet was going to do now that more than half of their students were gone. She pulled open her dresser and found her swim suit. As she held the two piece in her hands she was seriously starting to reconsider the bikini. Kirk would be getting an eyeful whether she wanted him to or not. She walked into the bathroom and changed into it. As she walked out her Pad buzzed and she lifted it to look at the message. Great command wanted her to report for debriefing. She groaned out loud and pulled another uniform out of her drawers. She slid it on over the swimsuit and shoved a towel in her bag. She pulled her boots back on and threw the bag over her shoulder.
Red 13 Sam rolled her eyes and stepped out of her dorm building. So much for a bit of relaxation. You would think with all those Vulcans to take care of they would get a few moments of peace. At least until they remembered they existed. Sam marched towards the command building. During the whole march she was outlining what she was going to say and developing defenses for her less orthodox command decisions. Butterflies were already dancing in her stomach as she climbed the front steps to the building. She stopped at the top and took a deep breath to steady her nerves. During the ride up to the fourth floor she reminded herself that she had not only ensured the survival of her ship but also a couple thousand Vulcans. She passed a window on the way to the Admiral's office and took a moment to evaluate the crowd of Vulcan's below. It was really sad that this, and a few scattered throughout the system, were all that remained of the Vulcan people. Nero had just about caused their extinction, in fact the earth had come real close to joining Vulcan. If it hadn't been for them he would have succeeded. This steadied her nerves and she walked into the office. A secretary looked up at her with a bored expression on her face. The woman hit a button. "The Admiral will see you now" said the secretary The door slid open and Sam walked into the office. The Admiral had his back to her and was staring out of the huge window in his office. He looked vaguely familiar, something about the slightly iron grey hair and the set of the man's shoulders. He turned slightly and regarded her silently. "Well if it isn't my favorite bird of prey, hello Lieutenant Morningstar. Do take a seat" said the Admiral A quick glance at his nameplate and she remembered his face with the name. Marcus, he was there after she took the Kobayashi. Sam calmly sat down. He took a seat across from her and picked up the pad in front of him. "I was just reviewing the flight logs for the battle, most impressive" said Admiral Marcus. Sam wasn't sure what he meant by impressive. She shifted nervously. "You don't agree do you?" said Marcus Sam swallowed because, no she didn't agree. That battle was much too close for comfort. "No sir, with all due respect we got trounced out there, I hardly think that's impressive at all" said Sam The man smiled at her. "No Lieutenant when you put it like that it wasn't impressive at all but I wasn't referring to the rest of the fleet. What I was talking about is the fact that out of twelve fully armed ships two of them returned, and one that had the least amount of fire power, managed to hold an enemy vessel until reinforcements arrived. That is what I call impressive" said Admiral Marcus Sam could feel her cheeks heating up. "The other thing is this" said Marcus He turned his pad device so she could see the screen, on it a small rendition of the Reliant danced around the Nerada rendition. Suddenly the Reliant went vertical then came down partially and smoothly rotated into a loop before sling shooting itself around the underside of the Nerada and turning so the rear guns could fire. Sam frowned at the pad. "I do not understand sir" said Sam Marcus chuckled. "No I don't suppose you would. After viewing this I took the opportunity to browse our library looking for this maneuver. Do you know what I found?" said Marcus Sam shook her head no because she had no idea what he had found. "This flight maneuver didn't exist the only thing that comes close is a two plane version of the cobalt starburst, but without the plasma ignition" said Admiral Marcus Sam gave him a confused look so she made up a maneuver so what? She was trying to get Cho a shot who cares how she did it. "You have no idea what that means do you?" said Marcus Sam shook her head no. "It means that this maneuver will have to be included in the flight manuals and since you were the first one to perform it, they will more than likely name it after you" said Admiral Marcus Sam's mouth dropped open. Her name was forever going to be included in a Starfleet manual. That was so cool but wait. "But sir I'm only a cadet" said Sam Marcus chuckled "Not for long I am going to recommend that the battlefield promotion stand, In light of your recent performance I am also fast tracking you into the command program. I believe the rest of the admiralty will agree with me when they see this, that your abilities are wasted anywhere else" said Marcus Sam was shocked to say the least. "I am giving you shore leave for the next couple of weeks, campus will be closed until then anyways. I will expect a completed report on my desk when you return for the memorial service" said The Admiral She looked down at her lap. The old man sighed. "I know what you want to say lieutenant and I agree with you, those kids had no business even being out there. They weren't ready by any stretch of the imagination" said Admiral Marcus "No sir they were not" said Sam He nodded at her and she slowly stood "Your dismissed lieutenant have a fun few weeks" said Marcus Sam walked out of the door feeling slightly numb and in shock. She was still going to keep her commission, and they were putting her in the manual. She was practically skipping when she reached the elevators. Kirk was coming out of an office when she reached the third floor so Sam held the door for him. He looked as happy as she did. As soon as the doors closed they turned to each other and said simultaneously "You're never going to believe" Sam giggled "You go first" said kirk "Naw go ahead" said Sam He smirked at her. "They're dropping the charges, I still have some make up stuff to do and I'm banned from telling other cadets how I did it, but they aren't kicking me out. I even get to keep my commission and get this, I could get the enterprise when they are finished repairing it" said Kirk "Get?" said Sam That almost sounded like they were giving him a ship and that can't be right. "As it's captain, for real this time. Isn't that great?" said Kirk He sounded so completely ecstatic that Sam was happy for him too "So wait are they planning on skipping a whole rank or something?" said Sam "Well I guess, I did earn the rank of lieutenant second grade and Pike did bump me up a grade, so I could be first officer and they did just say that stands. So I guess the next step would be commander, but then again they did just loose more than half of their commissioned officers" said Kirk He looked pointedly at sam. She frowned, if you put it that way then she supposed a jump in rank made perfect sense. She had to admit with his looks and natural charm Kirk would make the perfect poster boy. "Well?" said Kirk She gave him a confused look. "Your turn" he said "Oh!" said Sam She didn't know where to start. "Well I'm keeping my rank, and they're fast tracking me into command" said Sam Kirk frowned at her. "You don't sound very enthused about that" said Kirk She shook her head. "No I'm not, not really. I wasn't really planning to do this as a career" said Sam Kirk shrugged "Bit late for that now" said Kirk Sam sighed and rested her head against the wall behind her. "There was something else" said Kirk She nodded in agreement. "One of the maneuvers I did isn't in the manual" said Sam He raised his eyebrows in shock. "You do know what that means right?" said Kirk She nodded yes. "You deserve it,that was some fancy flying you were doing" said Kirk Sam nodded yes. "I wasn't trying to impress anyone. I was just trying to give Cho a shot" said Sam Kirk clasped her shoulder. "That's precisely what you did, so cheer up I've got a few weeks of shore leave, what about you?" said Kirk Sam smiled at him. He was trying to cheer her up, subtly was definitely not his strong suit. She honestly doubted anything really was except maybe being a starship captain and possibly annoying your superiors. She doubted that actually counted as a skill. She was just glad they hadn't kicked him out and that he had shown up when he did up there. She had really begun to doubt they were even capable of bringing that ship down. She was beginning to see why Marcus was gunning to have more weapons on their ships. She certainly would have welcomed some serious firepower out there. "Me too, so where should we go?" said Sam The lift doors slid open and they walked out. "I have a few ideas" said Kirk Sam gave him a strange look` when he wasn't forthcoming with any more information. "So out with it" said Sam He chuckled "You'll see just go pack for a few days" said kirk She opened her mouth to protest but he just gave her a smug look. His dorm was the closest to the administration building so he parted ways with her before she could wheedle any information out of him. It was annoying and she was sure he was up to no good but she went with it anyway. She trudged back to her dorm room changed out of the uniform and stowed her swimsuit in a small duffle bag. She packed mostly civilian clothes. She shook her head at that mental statement. When did she start thinking that way? She sighed Marcus was right she needed a vacation. She slid on her sandals and through her bag over her shoulder. Tucked the pad thing in one of the pockets and headed for the door. She found Kirk waiting downstairs. She almost didn't recognize him because he was dressed in jeans and a t-shirt. Draped casually over one shoulder was what looked like a leather bomber jacket. He looked good like that, she decided right away. He looked her up and down and smirked. "Ready to have some fun?" he asked Sam nodded and he headed for the transports. There was a public air taxi waiting for them. Jim climbed in when they got there and the driver took their bags. He shoved them into the back. She climbed into the cab. Sam sat back in the rather cozy seat and waited for Jim to tell the driver where they were going. "Mag Lev station please" said kirk "Mag Lev?" said Sam Kirk smiled at her and the taxi cab took off. "You've never been on one?" said Kirk Sam shook her head no. "No what are they?" said Sam "I'm not sure the exact technology, Scotty could probably tell you that, what I do know it's the fastest way to get from one place to another" said Kirk "Scotty?" said Sam Kirk grimaced "Yeah long story that, picked him up on Delta Vega apparently admiral archer is still miffed about his dog" said Kirk Sam frowned trying to place an Admiral Archer in her mind or something about a dog. "the transporter accident?' said Sam Kirk nodded yes. "they never found the dog" said Sam Kirk nodded yes again. Sam gave him a worried look "And you just what, let him on the ship?" said Sam Kirk chuckled "Actually he got us both back on board the enterprise" said Kirk Sam frowned again this time in confusion. "But you just said you were on Delta Vega and your ship was heading for the Lorenceian system last I saw it" said Sam Kirk gave her a very surprised look, that look almost impressed. He nodded yes. "Spock marooned me on Delta Vega after I tried unsuccessfully, the first time, to get him to go after Nero. Scotty apparently perfected his Trans warp beaming theory and we hitched a ride back after Spock got rebuffed by the fleet" said Kirk It took a moment for his words to fully sink in. "What, oh my god tell me you didn't" said Sam He looked away in obvious embarrassment, which gave her the answer. The blood drained from her face and she almost got sick. "Oh my god, you could have ended up in the engine you idiot!" said Sam He was looking way too calm an like he was hiding something. She hit his arm hard. "Tell me you didn't end up in the engine" said Sam "Ouch l, no of course not, that hurt! Why'd you hit me so hard" he whined She glared at him "Because dipshit you could have ended up in the warp core or worse and he's not here for me to smack too" said Sam Kirk looked genuinely shocked "Or worse?" he said She glared and he didn't say anything more. She stewed for a few seconds cursing up a storm in her head. "Where did you end up?" said Sam He grimaced again, and when he didn't answer right away, she raised her hand to hit him again "Okay. Okay, it was the coolant intake, but they got me out in time" said Kirk She smacked him anyways, repeatedly. "Okay enough stop already, I know it was dumb alright, geez woman lay off!" said Kirk He held up his hands in surrender. Appeased she stopped hitting him but only because he was contrite about it, she still thought they were idiots for even trying it in the first place. She was just relieved they hadn't been killed in the attempt. The cab pulled up in front of a strange looking platform with three huge tubes coming out of each end. Sam stared at it in confusion. It looked vaguely like those tube things they used to have at her mother's bank for the drive up window. "Look if it will make you happy, I promise not to do anything that crazy again" said Kirk She glared at him because that promise was about as flimsy as a swimsuit made of rice paper. She climbed out of the cab and took her bag from the driver. Kirk retrieved his bag and they headed for the building. Sam looked back at the driver as he climbed back into his car. She still had an issue with the lack of currency after all this time. Call her a capitalist but people deserved to be paid for their time. She climbed the stairs behind Kirk. He held out his hand to her as the area started to get crowded. The doors slid open and they were in what looked like a futuristic train station. Kirk looked at a display then pulled her towards one of the turbo lift bays. They waited as one by one the turbo lifts stopped, filled up and then left again. When it was their turn Kirk pulled her into the car. It climbed to the third in a set of aerial platforms and the doors slid open. Sam had been trying to ignore the glass wall that made up one side of the turbo lift, when Kirk suddenly grabbed her and pulled her forward. He dragged her towards a line and stopped. Sam took the time to finally look around. The track was a huge metal and glass looking tube with several openings at different intervals. A yellow marked area indicated the wait area which contained five lines. A floating sign hovered above to opening. Sam studied it for a few minutes until Las Vegas flashed across the screen. She gave kirk a look and he tried to look innocent. He failed miserably but only because she knew better. A humming sound suddenly filled the station and what looked like huge soda cans pulled up to the spaces. Doors on the side slid open and the people in line moved forward. Twelve people climbed aboard and the doors closed, they moved forward in the line. Sam did a quick count of the people in front of them and noticed Kirk would be the cut off for the next group. She tapped his shoulder. "You make twelve" said Sam He looked confused for a few seconds, then suddenly it dawned on him what she was trying to say. Kirk turned to the guy behind Sam. "Hey buddy want to change places I want to ride with my girl" said Kirk Sam was too stunned to protest the declaration. "Yeah sure no problem" said the guy He moved forward and Kirk took his spot. "Thanks buddy I really appreciate this" said Kirk "No problem gets me there faster" said the man Kirk wrapped his arms around Sam and she froze in shock. What the hell was he doing? He nuzzled into her neck and kissed it. "I'm sorry" he said She knew what he was referring to so she reluctantly accepted his apology. "You worry me when you do things like that" said Sam He hugged her tighter. "I know and I'm sorry I'm just not used to... you know" said Kirk "Having someone worry about you?" said Sam He nodded yes, she turned because she could only see his shadow move. "Yeah, well besides my mom that is" said Kirk He said that like he didn't really believe she did care about him. Sam knew from what McCoy had said that Kirk had a difficult relationship with his mother because he hated his stepfather. She could relate to that, she just didn't have to deal with it any longer. "Or McCoy" said Sam She grinned at him and Kirk chuckled. "Yeah or McCoy, I think he's worse than my mom though "said Kirk "Yeah, at least your mom doesn't have access to tranquilizers" said Sam He got this horrified look on his face and did a full body shiver. "Thank god" said Kirk The hum filled the chamber again and Sam looked at her watch. Ten minutes holy cow that thing was fast. The doors slid open and the group ahead of them vanished into the tube the doors closed at that one was gone too. The line moved forward and now they were in the front. "So what are we going to do once we get there?" said Sam "Don't know never been there before" said Kirk She turned towards him and he released her so she could step back. "Why not?" said Sam He shrugged "Never wanted to" said Kirk She gave him a look and he sighed. He never was any good at keeping secrets from her. "Frank went there all the time, he offered to take me once but I refused. He wanted to do some father son bonding shit and I just wasn't interested" said Kirk She nodded in understanding Greg had tried something similar with her and she had likewise been uninterested. It was something they had in common, stepfathers who were nasty pieces of work. "Mine wouldn't have had the money to go there all the time he spent all of his time at the Indian casinos when he wasn't drinking himself into a stupor" said Sam Kirk stared at her and then rested his hand on her shoulder. She didn't really talk about her family and he knew that. She just didn't like remembering they were gone, so long ago. He suddenly hugged her and she rested her head on his shoulder.
Red 14 Kirk was someone she could easily see herself falling for. That's why he was so dangerous because truthfully she wanted to fall for someone. She was honestly tired of being alone. The station filled with the hum again and the car came to a stop in front of them. Kirk guided her into the car and showed her where to stow her bag. She took the seat below where she had stuffed her luggage and kirk sat down next to her. He grabbed the safety harness and pulled it over her shoulders. Then did the same with his. The harness reminded her of one of those harnesses you see on a roller coaster. The door slid shut and suddenly she was pressed back in the seat as the car rocketed through the tube. She felt as if something was sitting on her chest and just when she thought she was going to hurl the car slowed to a stop. Kirk unlatched his harness and released Sam's. He grabbed his bag and thrust Sam's bag into her numb fingers as he guided her out of the car. He ushered her towards the exit and the next group of people loaded into their vacated car. Kirk guided her towards the outer doors of the station and right into the blinding sun. It took a few minutes for her eyes to adjust and she stared in shock. The station had been adjacent to what looked like the Luxor or at least she was pretty sure it had been at one time. Now it was a ruin of broken glass and exposed girders. Kirk was frowning as they slowly made their way down the station stairs. Sam looked around all of the casinos were in a state of disrepair some even looked like something had shot them up. Cars still went down Las Vegas Boulevard but they all appeared to be driven by old people. "what the hell?" said Sam Kirk frowned and walked towards the public transport pulling up to the curb. It looked somewhat like a light rail except it floated a foot or two off the ground. Kirk climbed aboard and Sam dazedly followed. "the war most likely" said kirk "What war?" said Sam Kirk sighed and closed his eyes for a few seconds. "The eugenics war, this area was hit especially hard for some reason most of the buildings on this end of the strip are abandoned until you hit the red light district" said kirk He gave Sam a look and then turned away. "You knew about this the whole time didn't you?" said Sam Kirk nodded and Sam was starting to get pissed. She opened her mouth to tear him a new one and he held up his hand. "Just hear me out okay" said kirk She frowned at him and crossed her arms over her chest. "I heard you talking to your roommate about this place and that you had been intending to come here instead of staying in star fleet. I knew you must have been thinking about the way it used to be or at least I hoped you were." said kirk He gave her a worried look. "The casinos are all shut down now except for a few that cater to nostalgic off-worlders. The rest is red light district and retirees, peppered liberally with dealers of illegal substances. Now do you see why I didn't want to come here?" said Kirk He left unsaid that he didn't want her to come here either. Sam's mouth dropped open in shock as they passed ruin after ruin. The street began to subtly change the casinos looked like they were used as hotels at least and signs cropped up in Vegas neon for services she had never heard of, followed quickly by ones she had heard of. They passed a burnt building and Sam caught a glimpse of the sign amongst the ruins. It was the club she had been heading to Vegas to work at. "when did that burn?" said Sam Kirk glanced over at the burnt building and shrugged. "I have no idea" said kirk "The war" said a cracking voice Sam turned to find an old woman sitting next to her. "the eugenics war?" said Sam The woman nodded "My great, great grandmother used to work there back in the day, she told my grandmother what had happened that day" said the woman Sam frowned she wanted to hear more but she was uncomfortably reminded that she should look older than this woman did. "Why, what happened?" said kirk "It was just an ordinary day until he swept in, started killing people when they wouldn't answer his questions. My great grandmother fled out the back door and watched from an alley as he burned the place" said the woman "What were the questions?" said Sam The old woman looked lost in thought for a moment. "She said he was looking for someone, a girl I think. She said something about the girl was supposed to start working there but never made it in" said the woman Sam's insides went cold and she had the unmistakable urge to throw up. It must have shown on her face because Kirk looked worried. "He who?" said Kirk "The news said his name was Khan after he had already destroyed most of Vegas by then" said the woman The train slowed to a stop and the old woman rose to get off. "Wait your great grandmother what was her name?" said Sam The woman turned and frowned at Sam "Her name was Kayla why?" said the old woman Sam's mouth dropped open in shock. "No reason, thanks" said kirk The woman nodded and got off the train before it pulled away. Sam was shaking so she grabbed the support bar. "Sam are you all right?" said Kirk He looked and sounded worried about her. Sam wanted to shout no, she wasn't all right at the top of her lungs, because Kayla had been the name of her friend that had gotten her the job at the club. The job she never made it to. A job that had been burnt to the ground by a man who bore the same name as the man in her dreams. There was no way he could have been real, could he? "Sam, talk to me your scaring me" said kirk When she didn't immediately answer he reached for his com intent on calling bones. As soon as there was an empty seat kirk guided her into it. "Talk to me Samantha, what's wrong?" said kirk "That woman, I.I knew her great grandmother... She... oh crap I'm going to hurl" said Sam The train was slowing to a stop so Sam ran for the door. Kirk followed her out and stood awkwardly by while she emptied her stomach into the dirt next to some dead plants. Kirk reached out and rested his hand on her shoulder. "Do you want to leave?" said kirk Sam nodded yes, this was definitely not the fun week she had envisioned. "She's the one that got you that job didn't she?" said Kirk Sam nodded yes and slowly stood up. She felt less nauseous now. "That was what you were going to do for a living?" said Kirk She was still bent double so she had to look up at him. He sounded upset. "Yes, why?' said Sam kirk let out a string of curse words and paced briefly. "Have you no self-respect?" said Kirk Sam was starting to get angry now. "I needed the money and yes for your information I do have some self-respect, it was a long time ago and I had no useful job skills, so lay off!" said Sam Kirk ran his hand through his hair and sighed. "Look I'm sorry, I've just been trying to figure this whole thing out. It just doesn't make any sense" said Kirk He looked at her pointedly. No Sam admitted it didn't make any sense if you looked at the facts out of context. She wasn't sure she wanted to share the rest of the content with Kirk or anyone. "Why would some super human dictator even bother with a place like Vegas? Who was he searching for so bad? Too bad she couldn't remember the name" said Kirk "We never asked" said Sam It was true they never did ask who he was looking for because Sam had been afraid of the answer. "You thought it was you didn't you?" said Kirk Sam nodded yes because more than likely that answer was accurate. "Not that it matters now but how did you know a super human dictator slash criminal?" said Kirk Sam shook her head no. She did not want to go there but Kirk was pulling her down that path, damn him. "You wouldn't believe me if I told you" said Sam Kirk grabbed her arms and looked her dead in the face. "Try me" said Kirk She eyed him warily. "That depends do I have your word that you won't share this with anyone?" said Sam Kirk seemed to be thinking about it for a moment. He had been about to reply when a woman walked up to Kirk. "If you're looking for a better time honey look no further" said the woman Sam gave her a once over and immediately thought hooker. "Get lost lady I'm not interested" said Kirk The woman gasped in shock then trounced away. Kirk looped his arm around Sam's waist and led her back to the tram stop this time on the side leaving the district. The station was deserted on this side so Kirk turned back to her. "You have my word, nothing you say here will pass my lips again" said Kirk He looked completely serious so Sam believed him. "I used to have these dreams when I was a child, incredibly vivid dreams. So vivid that the sights and smells followed me out of the dreams sometimes" said Sam Kirk frowned but nodded at her to continue. "One day this boy started appearing in my dreams, he was in some sort of lab or medical facility. I made friends with him and we sort of grew up together, his name was Khan" said Sam Kirks eyes widened in shock but he didn't interrupt. "One day I showed up in the lab like I always did and something was different, they weren't where they normally were. So I looked for them" said Sam "They?" said Kirk "Yeah they there was about eighty of them but I only really talked to Khan, we got close and sort of bonded. Well anyways, they weren't where they were supposed to be so I went looking. I found them in a gas chamber slowly being poisoned to death while the scientists that raised them had a party"' said Sam She could hear the anger creeping into her tone but she didn't care. "What did you do?" said Kirk It didn't sound accusing just curious so that calmed her down. "I let them out of the chamber and they started killing people so I fled. Except some of the smoke followed me and my father thought I was doing drugs so he kicked me out" said Sam Kirk was staring at her in shock. "You let him out?' said Kirk "Yes he was my friend even if I only thought he was in my dreams he didn't deserve to die that way" said Sam Kirk rocked back on his heels and rubbed his hand down his face. "He was real obviously" said Kirk He nodded in the burnt clubs direction. Sam looked away. "I thought he was a dream" said Sam Kirk nodded in understanding "It scarce matters now anyways, he's long since dead" said Sam Kirk nodded yes but didn't look all that certain to her eyes. It was obvious to her that Kirk was looking at her own miraculous survival and wondering if Khan had been similarly frozen. "We should leave" said Kirk Sam nodded yes that was a primo suggestion there was no way she was staying here now, not after what he had done. Her eyes fell on the ruined Vegas skyline. He must have been seriously angry to do this level of damage, was it because he couldn't find her? The tram pulled up and they climbed on board. They were heading back to the maglev station. Suddenly Vegas didn't seem all that fun anymore.
Red 15 The ride back to the station was passed in dazed silence. Part of her mind screamed out denial that he had been real, because that would mean she had helped him murder all those people. Kirk stayed close as if he sensed her guilt, and was trying to assuage it. When they reached the station, he guided her back inside the station. The leaving Vegas line was mercifully short, and at the moment Sam didn't care where they were going, just so long as it wasn't here. The car pulled up and Kirk ushered her inside stowing both of their bags before helping Sam with her harness. He clicked his in place and the door slid shut. This time Sam was ready for the pressure and even welcomed it. Kirk threaded his fingers through hers and gave her a worried look. "Hey, you okay?" said Kirk Sam nodded yes but she really wasn't he seemed to sense this and remained mercifully silent. When the car slowed to a stop, he helped her with her harness, and then grabbed their bags. He guided her out of the shuttle and into a station. They descended a set of stairs and stopped right in front of a plaque. Sam walked closer so she could read the words on it. She read the words world trade center and immediately knew where they were. Kirk was reading a public transit display. "New York?" said Sam "Yeah thought we'd catch a show, stay a day, or so then take the shuttle to Paris, maybe stop in London and Rome while we're there" said Kirk Sam was shocked, he had actually planned a romantic week in Europe. "Okay farm boy lead on" said Sam She smirked at him and he chuckled. He shook his head and led them towards a gated set of stairs leading downwards. Was the subway still operational after all these years? Turns out it was in a way. The tunnels were still in use only the trains had changed. In place of the older wheeled subway cars was a train similar to the one in Vegas. They simply walked onto the train and Sam was still weirded out that they didn't have to pay for it again. Then again if they had to pay for all of this including the trip to Europe, Kirk would have been dropping some serious dime for her. She wondered if that meant something. Was Kirk interested seriously or was this just a few weeks of fun? The train was incredibly fast, and Sam had just settled when it was already stopping, and Kirk was grabbing her hand. They exited the station and kirk led them towards a building that looked like a hotel. He checked them in at the front counter and got the pass key. They took the lift to the fourth floor and stowed their bags. Sam noted the room had only one bed. Kirk didn't seem to notice or else he had planned this all along. She was still not sure she wanted to sleep with the man just yet. He seemed to be in a better mood as he led them towards Broadway. The street really hadn't changed that much. There were still huge billboards selling products and advertising shows except now they were electronic and constantly changing, some even looked like they were floating. Sam stared at the signs, she didn't recognize a single show. Kirk was doing the same. He suddenly grabbed her hand and dragged her down the street. He stopped in front of an older building and walked up to the ticket booth and looked at the time display. "Come on the next showing starts in ten minutes" said Kirk He walked up to the doors and they slid open. There wasn't anyone in the lobby to take their tickets because they didn't use tickets. There was a concession stand but she doubted they charged anything for the food. Sam remembered going to the movie theater back home and spending nearly twenty bucks on one ticket, some popcorn, some candy and a soda. "Want anything?" said Kirk He must have seen her eyeing the concession stand. "No we can always grab dinner afterwards" said Sam She wanted to put off being in a hotel room alone with him for a few hours at least. He smiled and led her into the theater. They took a seat somewhere in the middle and waited. Sam eyed her companion. "What exactly are we seeing?" said Sam Kirk shrugged "I have no idea, all I know is that it's called twilight" said Kirk Sam gave him a look, he can't be serious. The house lights went down after the theater was about half full. Sam took a moment to glance around her. The audience held quite a few different species. The opening scenes told her she had been right except this version had a small twist. The vampires were aliens and so were the wolves. Sam rolled her eyes and tried desperately not to laugh her ass off. During one so called romantic moment where Edward the alien was watching Bella the human sleep. Sam found herself covering her mouth to hold in the giggles. She heard Kirk chuckle and then quickly cover it. They managed to restrain the urge to laugh their ass off during the performance which wasn't even close to the movie or book series. When an announcement asked them to stay tuned for part two they decided to bail instead. As soon as they reached the sidewalk Kirk burst into laughter and Sam joined him. "Oh... my lord... I... can't believe people actually liked that series" said Kirk Sam was still giggling "It's better if you stick to the original storyline, for instance I don't remember Bella working for the men in black" said Sam Kirk was still laughing "Sorry it said it was based on a classic, and I thought you'd like it" said Kirk Sam shook her head. "A classic really? Did you just call me old farm boy?" said Sam He looked sheepish and genuinely apologetic, so she decided to let his bad taste in plays slide. She was only teasing him after all. "Come on lets go find something to eat" said Kirk They hopped on a tram and took it to the water. This time Sam picked the place. She found a cozy little place done up like an Irish pub. Kirk ordered a beer and Sam got a mudslide. They ordered food and Sam sat back. Kirk was staring at her for some reason again. She raised an eyebrow. "So you want to explain to me why you freaked or let me guess?" said Kirk Her drink arrived and Sam took a sip. She wanted to wait till she got some food in her system before she started to really drink it down. "I freaked because up until then I didn't think he was real" said Sam She privately vowed to look him up as soon as she got a chance. "You had no reason to, besides like you said he's most likely dead by now" said Kirk She stared at him for a few minutes and he took a sip of his beer. "So why did you really take me there?" said Sam He paused bottle halfway to his lips. "I was trying to make a point" said Kirk Sam narrowed her eyes at him. "And that point was?" said Sam Kirk set the bottle down and leaned forward. "That people believe in you, I believe in you, and also that your better than that, I just wish you'd see it" said Kirk Sam sat there stunned by his admission. "I'm sorry if I made you angry or hurt you but it was something you needed to know, I'll understand if you want to walk away" said Kirk Sam watched him for a few minutes. He had feelings for her that much was clear and now she was certain they were romantic in nature. "Thanks farm boy that's sweet" said Sam She smirked at him and he grinned back "Okay enough serious, we came to have fun" said Kirk "After we eat of course" said Sam The waiter brought their food a few minutes later and Kirk launched into an animated account of how Bones had snuck him aboard the enterprise. It took all of her self-control not to snort mashed potatoes out of her nose. They visited a few more tourist spots then made their way back to the hotel. They were both a bit tipsy and ended up falling asleep on top of the bed fully dressed. Sam blinked her eyes and tried to turn over but something was laying on her hair. She turned her head as far as she could and a shoulder came into view. It took her a second to place its owner based on what she could see of his clothes. Her head was pounding and her mouth tasted like sand and slime. She made a face and attempted to shift just enough to extricate her hair. He rolled towards her instead of away like she had planned and draped his arm across her middle. Sam frowned, and debated just shoving him off of her, and onto the floor. She put one of her hands on his side with the intent to do just that, and he curled into her. She gave an exasperated huff, and flopped back down, because now he was at an angle she couldn't get a grip on him. She was just lying there trying to figure out how best to wake him when his fingers started doing lazy little circles on her thigh. She shifted and giggled because it tickled. "Um ticklish, I would have never guessed" said Kirk She turned her head to find him staring at her. He was literally inches from her face. She opened her mouth to reply and he leaned in and kissed her. He shifted with his lips still locked on hers and pressed her down into the bed. Just when she thought she was about to run out of air he pulled back. He was partially straddling her but not fully sitting on her. He stared down at her for a few moments as if making a decision, then he leaned in again before she could say anything about his strange behavior. This time his kiss led to him trailing kisses down her neck and chewing on one earlobe. While he was kissing her he was slowly divesting her of her clothes. She had to hand it to the man he had some seriously slick moves. "If you don't want this, now is the time to say something" said Kirk Of course he said that when he had her mostly undressed and his hand resting on her breast. She responded by kissing him back. She was tired of waiting she wanted this. He took that as her answer and things got intensely hot and heavy from then on out. By the time they were done they were both breathing heavily and lying flat on their backs on top of the coverlet. Kirk's com rang so with a groan he rolled over to get it. Sam rolled off the bed and headed for the shower. She could hear him tell whoever was on the other line that they were in New York and that they intended to head towards Paris. She turned on the water just as the argument began. "No I do not think I should. No it's too soon just yet. I'm not sure. Mom come on I just want to spend a little time with her before I get my permanent placement. Of course you'll get to meet her, eventually" said Kirk The rest of the conversation was lost as she climbed into the shower. She cleaned herself quickly then walked back into the room wearing a towel. Kirk was finally ending the conversation so she smirked at him as he passed by. He hung up and she wrapped her arms around his neck. "I saved you some hot water" said Sam He chuckled because the hotel used sonic showers but he got the joke. Kirk ran his hand through his hair. He looked torn and irritated so she kissed his cheek. "Go take a shower, I'm going to get dressed. We can talk about it later, okay" said Sam He smiled at her and kissed her back before heading into the bathroom. She heard the shower start and walked towards her bag. She could guess what Kirk's conversation had been about, and she wasn't in any hurry to rush off, and meet the parents just yet either. She unzipped her bag, and rummaged through it letting the towel drop as she snagged a new pair of panties from her bag. They had just slept together, so they were past the point of just being friends now but where did that leave them? Kirk was definitely not the one woman type, and she wasn't really sure she wanted to hear about all his intergalactic conquests. Maybe it would be best if they just drifted apart after this. He was sure to be assigned elsewhere and so was she. Odds are they would drift away naturally and she wouldn't have to worry about scaring him away with the commitment word. On the other hand the girls had been right he was very skilled with his hands and well everything else so maybe letting it go on a bit longer wouldn't be too horrible. She just had to make sure she didn't get too attached to him or it would hurt like hell when he left. She pulled up the panties and slid one leg into her jeans. She was just putting her other leg in when Kirk wrapped his arms around her middle. He buried his face in her hair and hooked his thumbs in her underwear at her hips. "Why so hasty? It's still early... and we can always catch the next transport" he said Kissing the side of her neck as he eased her clothes back off. They never even made it to the bed this time but every other surface in the room got christened. They ended up showering together to save on time, and christening that while they were there. By the time they were both dressed, and out the door it was nearly two o' clock in the afternoon, and they had both woken around seven in the morning. She was a little sore. So when they stopped for food, she was moving slowly. They had missed the next shuttle while they were giving it one last go for the road. She had to hand it to Kirk, the man had stamina, and some really yummy abs. They ate at a diner near the shuttle port as they waited for the shuttle. Sam had just entered their order when someone called their name. She looked up to see McCoy and a dark haired young woman heading their way. She gave Kirk a look because the girl was barely in her teens. "Hey Jim, Sam what are you two doing here?" said McCoy "Waiting for the next shuttle to the European continent and you?" said Kirk He looked pointedly at the girl who was nervously eyeing them. "Oh sorry I almost forgot, Jim Kirk and Samantha Morningstar this is my daughter Joanna, Joanna these are my friends Kirk and Sam. I told you about them remember" said Bones Sam stuck out her hand to the nervous looking girl who took it and quickly shook it. " Got back just in time for one of my weekends, and she has this project due for her agriculture class. So were hitting Italy, and France, showing her the vineyards and all the old school stuff" said Bones "So I take it your waiting for the same shuttle?" said Kirk "Actually yes, mind if we join you?" said Bones "Sure go ahead" said Sam Before Kirk could protest. They took the two empty chairs. "Most of the crew has scattered to the winds, gone home that sort of thing. At least until they tell us what's happening next, speaking of which Winona called" said Bones Kirk threw his head back and groaned. "Oh my god woman, really give it a rest, please!" said Kirk Sam gave them both a confused look "Who's Winona?" said Sam "His mom" said Joanna "Why would his mom call you?" said Sam Bones sighed "Because she knows I was on the same ship as him, and that were friends, which by the way she wanted me to..." said Bones "No... Don't even say it" said Kirk "Say what?" said Joanna "Don't you worry about it, Jim she just wants you to be careful" said Bones Kirk gave him a glare and snorted. "I know what she wants, she just needs to lay off and let me live my life" said Kirk "She just misses you Jim and she wanted to know if things are serious, you know" said Bones He looked at Sam when he said that. Kirk groaned and rubbed the bridge of his nose. "What did you tell her?" said kirk "That I didn't know and to call you, I've got enough problems with nosy ex-wives without adding my commanding officer's mom on top of it" said Bones Joanna glared at him and he frowned back. Sam giggled and Kirk glared at her, it only made her laugh harder. "Well that explains why she called me this morning" said Kirk "But not how she knew about Sam" said Kirk Bones threw up his hands in surrender. "Now that part wasn't my fault. That green blooded goblin told her where you were, and who you were with, apparently he got our sign out logs for some reason" said Bones "He's a senior student, they most likely put him in charge of the dorms, because they didn't have anyone else" said Sam The two guys shifted nervously. "Yeah probably" said Bones He sounded nervous and was visibly upset. Sam reasoned that it really wasn't his weekend, that he just wanted to spend some time with family after nearly dying. Again she was seriously reconsidering her career choice and she didn't even have a family to miss her. "So what's good here?" said Joanna
Red 16 The shuttle turned out to be a lot like the school shuttles. The only difference was the seat layout, several rows similar to an airplanes instead of the military carrier design. That and the seats actually were comfortable. Not that the ride was long enough to require that comfort. The increased speed made what would have been at least an eight hour flight in her time into one that took about forty minutes. They landed in Lisbon. Bones and Joanna parted ways with them at this point and hopped on a train bound for Rome. Jim and Sam spent the day exploring Lisbon then hopped a train that night for Barcelona. They spent the night in Barcelona and most of the next day in Barcelona before hopping another train to Rome, where they ran into Bones and Joanna again. They spent a few hours touring the wineries in Rome, the ruins of the coliseum and the Vatican before boarding yet another train that evening to Bordeaux. They got a hotel room in Bordeaux and they decided to follow Joanna and bones to a few wineries. Then parted ways with them again so they could enjoy a romantic dinner before retiring to the hotel room. Where they didn't get much sleep again. The next morning they met bones and Joanna for breakfast and decided to head for Paris. Sam managed to drag Jim and Bones into a few museums. By that time it was the weekend already and Bones had to return Joanna on Monday. So he made plans to leave that evening. Sam felt bad about him being alone after Joanna left so she invited him to meet them in Glasgow. They planned to visit it after Edinburgh then go on to Glasgow the next day. From there they would hit Dublin, Liverpool and the last stop was London. Kirk didn't seem to mind Bones tagging along for the last leg of their trip or if he did he didn't show it. They had dinner in Paris as a group that night and then after seeing Bones and Joanna off at the shuttle port they went for a romantic walk along the Seine and a tour of the restored Eiffel tower. After spending yet another semi sleepless night they hopped the train to Edinburgh By the time they were done in Edinburgh Sam had to have the few items she was able to purchase shipped back to the academy before they boarded the ferry to Glasgow. They got breakfast in Glasgow while they waited for Bone's shuttle to show up. "So you really don't mind me inviting him?" said Sam "No really it's fine, I felt bad for him too" said Kirk. "I feel so bad for him, it must be terrible to only get to see your kid when you return to port" said Sam Kirk snorted. "Actually from what I heard it's more like whenever the ex decides he can" said Kirk "Yeah I noticed they were a bit awkward together, more like strangers than father and daughter" said Sam It made her sad to think about it. "Yeah well I'm sure that had to do with the ex-wife bashing Leonard's reputation, and trying to turn Joanna against him" said Kirk He was frowning when he said that. "I don't think I could ever hate someone enough to turn their own kid against them, that's just too cruel" said Sam Kirk nodded his agreement and took a bite of his food. He had seemed worried about something there for a few minutes. "Not that I'm planning on having kids any time soon" said Sam She eyed her companion. "Either am I, that's why I got the shot" said kirk Sam gave him a confused look. "Shot?" said Sam "It's like birth control and disease prevention all in one, they give it with all those immunizations you get on the first day" said Kirk Sam frowned at him, she wasn't aware that was part of the shots. She took a sip of her juice. "Does it wear off?" said Sam "Yeah in a few years but every ship carries a supply for those missions that might run over the time frame" said Jim "But it covers both males and females?" said Sam "Yep and several species as well, but I would wager any Vulcans in Starfleet will be forgoing theirs for a while" said Kirk Sam nodded and took a bite of her food "So what did you tell your mom about me?" said Sam Kirk spit the bite of food in his mouth out as he choked in shock. "Wha...t?" he wheezed out. "Your mother she wanted to meet me, why?" said Sam Kirk looked vaguely embarrassed and she wondered why. She patiently waited for him to regain his composure. "Ah actually to be honest I really didn't say anything, but she does know that... I haven't really done anything like this before" said Kirk "Like what?" said Sam "Taken someone on a romantic trip, usually there's just one night andthat's it" said Kirk He sounded embarrassed by the admission. She eyed him critically. "Which means what?" said Sam Kirk looked completely ill at ease. "I'm not sure, yet" said Kirk She nodded in understanding and let it go for now. Another shuttle was pulling in for a landing and they were sure Bones would be on this one, so they waited for him. It took him about forty minutes for him to emerge from the station and by then they were done eating. He looked to be in a good mood as he approached them. "So how did it go?" said Kirk With a sigh Bones flopped into the empty chair. "Better than I expected, for once we didn't fight and Joanna had fun" said Bones He punched in an order for something light. So they opted to wait there until he was done eating. "So I take it she got everything for her report?" said Sam "Yeah thanks for helping with that by the way, didn't know you knew anything about farming" said Bones Sam shrugged. "Grew up in a small town most everyone was farmers or owned small ma and pa shops, guess I learned something from it" said Sam Kirk chuckled "And you call me farm boy" said Kirk "Yep" said Sam The food arrived for Bones and he quickly dug in. Between bites he filled them in on the semi pleasant conversation he had with his ex-wife. "Sounds like she's just mad she can't touch your pension, when you eventually leave Starfleet" said Jim "More than likely, but since she was already the ex by the time I signed up. I guess she's out of luck" said Bones Sam snorted "Sounds like she got enough anyways" said Sam Bones nodded and downed the last of his food "Yeah well I'm sure she just wants to pick the bones clean" said Bones Sam resisted the urge to laugh, because from what she had heard the woman was a vicious piece of work, and he was talking about himself in that statement. "So what do you two have planned for the day?" said Bones Sam and Jim shrugged "Ah nothing much just hanging out maybe checking out some historical stuff, never been here before you know" said Kirk Bones looked at Sam "Me either, Europe was a bit expensive in my day" said Sam Bones nodded in understanding. "Well then I suppose we should jam then. We've only got a few days left, and what was it three cities to visit?" said Bones "Four actually I wanted to hit London last" said Sam "Why London last?" said Kirk Sam pulled her pad out of her jacket pocket and showed it to the guys. "The doctor museum?" said Jim and Bones "You want to tour a museum about medicine?" said Bones "No silly, it's the doctor who museum" said Sam "Doctor who? What did he discover? I've never heard of him" said Bones Sam giggled "No silly it's an old television show from my time period, longest running serial in the history of television. Says here they stopped at doctor thirty eight they were only at eleven in my time period" said Sam Kirk and McCoy looked confused. "Thirty eight what?" said Kirk "Doctors it's about a fictional race called time lords who regenerate into a new form whenever they die, they're still running the series on the vidscreen in reruns at least" said Sam The guys both gave her a dubious look. "Okay if you say so, I've never heard of it" said Bones With a sigh Sam stood up. "You'll like it trust me it's actually really good" said Sam Bones was eyeing the screen critically "Well if it ran for more than a hundred years it ought to be" said Kirk Bones shrugged and handed the device back to Sam. She tucked it in her pocket as they walked away from the diner. They spent the day touring Glasgow then grabbed a meal before hopping on the ferry to Dublin. They got a hotel room once they got there, because it was getting late. They decided to explore the city the next day. They were both so tired by all of the running around they were doing, that Jim and Sam fell asleep the second their heads hit the pillow. The next morning any activities they had planned before setting out were interrupted by McCoy's arrival. Sam was in the shower when he arrived. This hotel had been old enough to still have a water system so the showers were wet not sonic. "Oh man that was refreshing, wish I could take that home with me" said Kirk He was half dressed when he opened the door for Bones. "Yeah tell me about it, where's Sam?" said Bones Kirk jerked his thumb in the direction of the restroom while he sat down to pull on his boots. "I forgot how nice it felt to have wet hair" said Kirk "I didn't... interrupt anything did I?" said Bones Kirk shook his head no. "We were both too tired believe it or not" said Kirk The water shut off and a few minutes later Sam emerged wearing only a towel. She didn't see Bones at first so she dropped it to grab her clothes. "Ah Sam" said Kirk "Yeah baby what is it?" said Sam Bones cleared his throat, Sam shrieked and dove for her towel. Mc Coy looked completely embarrassed, while Kirk started laughing his ass off. Sam smacked Kirk in the shoulder hard enough to bruise him. "You could have warned me he was here, you ass" said Sam Kirk was still laughing "Oh why? I think he enjoyed the show, didn't you bones old buddy?" said Kirk Sam's face turned red. Bones buried his face in his hand while simultaneously flipping his friend off. Sam grabbed her clothes and retreated into the restroom "If it's any consolation I am a doctor, I see naked people I know all day long. Man that sounded wrong, just forget I said that last part" said Bones Sam quickly dressed in the bathroom. Bones turned towards Jim, and mouthed the word damn. Kirk grinned, and finished buttoning up his shirt. Sam came out of the bathroom a few minutes later fully dressed, but with slightly flushed cheeks. "Sam I" said Kirk "Don't say it" said Sam Bones opened his mouth to say something and Sam raised her finger in his direction "You either" she warned. Both their mouths snapped shut. She walked past them and bent down to grab her shoes. Bones tilted his head slightly and stared until she stood back up. "Bones you had better not be staring at my ass" said Sam McCoy looked completely flustered as she turned to glare at him. "Sorry it was just kinda, you know there and well... damn it woman I'm a man of course I looked" said Bones She smirked at him. "I know relax Bones I'm just teasing you" said Sam Kirk moved closer and wrapped his arms around her and buried his face in her neck "Hmm I love it when you're a shameless tease" said Kirk Bones cleared his throat. "Um do you two want me to leave you alone for a few minutes?" said bones Sam looked up at kirk and raised an eyebrow at him in query. Kirk stole a kiss. "Naw we're good right, unless you need a moment" said Kirk He looked pointedly at McCoy's pants. Bones turned slightly red "Now that you mention it I think I left something in my room, be right back" said Bones Sam barely held in her giggles when McCoy rushed out the door. She smacked Jim's arm. "You are so bad, stop teasing the man" said Sam Kirk pulled her close to him and kissed her again "Aw come off it, I know it turns you on knowing he's getting his rocks off to your image" said Kirk Sam gave him an exasperated growl. "Ooh you are so horrible, quit that" said Sam He nuzzled her neck again "You can always spank me" said Kirk She shoved him back "You know we could always we have the time" said Kirk He raised his eyebrow meaningfully and smirked at her. "Oh good lord your as insatiable as a teenager" she said as he guided her back to the bed, divesting her of her clothes while he did so. About an hour later they were all ready to leave finally. They spent the day checking out the city before moving on in the late afternoon to Liverpool they spent the remainder of the day there and got a hotel room. It was already Wednesday and Sam wanted to hit London before Friday because the museum was closed on Friday. So the next morning they grabbed something portable for breakfast before hopping the train to London.
Red 17 By the time they arrived in London the museum was closed. So they checked into the hotel and grabbed a bite of food. Did some exploring and more shopping. Sam was having a blast and her earlier upset in Vegas was long forgotten. Her misgivings about Kirk seemed to be just that, misgivings. He really did have good boyfriend potential and was quite the attentive lover. She knew there were going to be quite a few disappointed females on campus if they became a steady item. Of course Kirk had never been in a steady relationship before so he was already behind the learning curve so to speak. Sam was tired so she decided to give Jim some alone time with his friend and retire to the room while they hit one of the local pubs. Sam was comfortable on the huge overstuffed bed so she drifted off to sleep quite quickly. She was thinking about the museum they would be visiting tomorrow and returning to the academy at the end of the week. That was probably why she didn't recognize when her dream changed to something else. She was in a hallway. It was metal with no doors but it had the modern feel of this time period. She came to a door at the end of the hallway and entered. There was a body on the floor. His neck was at an odd angle and he was dressed in some sort of jumpsuit, almost like a prisoner would wear. The clothing looked familiar so she knelt next to the man and turned him over. The stain on the front pocket looked even more familiar and then it hit her, she quickly stepped back. It was what Khan had been wearing in her last dream but if this guy was wearing it, where was Khan? She quickly left the room and made her way down the hall. A group of people approached her so she darted into an alcove and held her breath. Most people couldn't see her in these dreams but Khan's man had and shot at her that one time. The people passed right by her oblivious to her presence. She crept out and kept going. She found two more dead bodies before she found him. He was trying to get past a security access panel but kept entering the wrong code. For a few minutes she debated leaving him there. After what she had found out in Vegas she wasn't sure she wanted anything to do with him anymore. She started to turn and walk away. They would eventually find him and arrest him for the dead bodies he left in his wake. Her hand was above the door panel when she heard him swear. It was so unusual to hear that level of frustration in his voice, that she turned back to regard him. He looked disheveled, frazzled even and was clearly frustrated. She moved closer so she could see his face. She saw pain and some fear reflected there. Something that he never would show unless something was terribly wrong. The door buzzed that he had the wrong code again, if he entered another wrong one security would be alerted. He was armed so she doubted he would go quietly, but for some reason she was worried about him. He was scared so maybe they would do worse than arrest him. She had never known this man to fear anything in his life, so that moved her to action. "Try seven two one four zero" said Sam He froze and turned towards her voice. "Samantha?" he said in a whisper "Yes just try it, you only have one try left before they dispatch security" said Sam He nodded and punched in the numbers. It accepted the code and asked for a password. "Try Carol" said Sam He gave her a perplexed look but punched it in. The door promptly slid open and he rushed through it. He looked relieved when he turned towards her. "How did you?" said Khan He never got his answer, because she was fading from view before he had turned. With a worried look, he turned towards the last stretch of hallway to the exit. All he had to do was get past the guards and he was home free. He hoisted the weapon into position and his gaze happened to fall on the door panel one last time. The message displayed there chilled him to the bone and sent a very real stab of terror through his heart, the message said "Have a nice day Admiral Marcus" He moved forward with a determined look on his face. Sam came to and rolled over. She heard snoring so she turned towards it. Kirk was asleep beside her. They must have come in earlier saw she was sleeping and decided not to disturb her. She climbed out of bed because her pulse was still racing like it always did when she had one of those dreams. She would never be able to sleep now. She felt guilty again, and the dream had reminded her she had yet to look up any information on him. She remembered seeing the library down the street. Kirk's reaction to the name had forced her to reconsider going inside. Kirk was however asleep and according to her timepiece it was six thirty in the morning, which meant they were open. She could slip out do her research and then bring them back breakfast. Decision made, she left them a quick note and headed out the door. The library was nearly deserted this time of the morning, but Sam still found a secluded corner. Sam logged into the system under her academy id and started looking up the information. She found quite a bit about the war he started and his regime but nothing about how he died. In fact most of the articles were a bit vague on that fact and she only found one picture of him. It took her breath away because it was without a doubt him. She glanced at the clock and swore softly, Kirk and McCoy would be getting up anytime now, if they weren't already. She logged off and headed for the door. She didn't see the man in the hood watch her leave or when he slipped out to follow her. She went to the caf on the corner and ordered something fast and to go. As soon as they handed her the bag she took off towards the hotel at a run. The man watched her until she ducked inside. He headed for a transport that went near the hospital, he would need to accelerate his plans now that she placed herself in danger like that. He still couldn't believe it was her. He had been watching the building, to see if he was going to be pursued. He saw her enter the upper floor that served as the public faade of the place, as a library. At first he thought his eyes were deceiving him. On impulse he followed her inside, taking care to conceal his face from the cameras. He shadowed her because he still couldn't believe it was her. She was real, alive and here. That made him pause because she was here. She had given him the code to escape and now she was looking him up under his real name in the very same building. Less than twenty four hours later to boot. Hopefully his escape was enough to draw the admiral's attention because the last thing he wanted was for the man to make the connection between them. She had just endangered herself without even knowing it and there was no way he was going to let that man find her. He was going to have to take out the whole building now just to cover up what she did. He mentally upped the amount of explosive he planned to use, as he stepped off the transport and walked into the hospital. Sam was trying to open the door with no free hands and her elbow, when suddenly it opened. Kirk sighed, and took the bag from her mouth, and hand. "Where the hell have you been? We were just about to go look for you?" said Kirk "The library, I was looking up what we talked about in Vegas" said Sam Kirk gave her a worried look and opened the bag in his hands. "What did you talk about Vegas?" said McCoy. He was coming out of the restroom. Sam gave Kirk another angry glare. "Something personal, I brought breakfast" said Sam McCoy frowned at her and took the bag from Kirk's hands. He pulled out one of the muffins and took a bite out of it. "And you couldn't wait until we could go with you?" said McCoy He was still chewing when he asked so it came out slightly garbled. Sam shrugged "Look I couldn't sleep so I went down the street to the library, it's no big deal" said Sam "Yes it was, we had no idea you were even gone. What if something happened to you?" said Kirk He sounded worried and that shocked her. "He's right someone could have attacked you or something and we wouldn't have even known" said McCoy Sam sighed this was ridiculous. "Okay for one I left you a note, so yeah you did know where I was, and two if anyone had been dumb enough to attack me I would have wiped the floor with them. I beat the instructor four times in self-defense and he used to be section 44"said Sam She trounced past both boys in a huff and walked into the restroom. It was times like these she really hated those sliding doors she really wanted to slam the door, it would have been so much more satisfying then that soft swish. She stayed in there for a few minutes attempting to calm down. She was already shaken from the dream this morning and what she read earlier didn't help her mood any. The boys just chose the wrong time to get on her last nerves. One of them knocked on the door after she heard them briefly arguing about who should knock and apologize. It made her smirk and lessened her anger just a little bit. "Sam?" said Kirk "What?" said Sam In the surliest tone she could muster. "Look we're sorry we were just worried about you okay" said Kirk She heard an humph sound like someone had hit him in the stomach "Not that you can't take care of yourself we know you can but... well you scared us" said Kirk Sam unlocked the door and stepped out slowly. They both eyed her warily. "We good?" said Kirk Sam nodded yes, but Kirk didn't lose that worried look until she wrapped her arms around him, and hugged him tight. "That bad huh?" said Kirk She nodded yes into his chest. McCoy just stood there looking confused. "We'll explain later" said Kirk McCoy nodded in understanding but you could tell he was still confused. She stayed like that hugging him tight enough to bruise until Jim finally said something. "Do you want to talk about it?" said Kirk Sam shook her head no. "Okay, whenever you're ready I'm here alright" said Kirk He kissed her forehead and Sam reluctantly loosened her grip. "So are we good to go now?" said McCoy He was digging into the bag of food she had brought. He dug out another one of the muffins and unwrapped it. Kirk snagged the bag from his hand "Hey don't eat all of them" said Kirk He pulled one out handed it to Sam and then grabbed the last one for himself. They ate the muffins on the way to the museum, where Sam once again lost herself in nostalgia. She had a blast explaining to the two guys what each thing in the museum from her time period was and it was interesting finding out what happened after she was frozen on a show she had very much been a fan of. After several hours there they went on a tour of what used to be Buckingham palace and then went on the restored London eye. Stopped for authentic fish and chips for lunch then Hit the Sherlock Holmes museum, which even had a section on the television remakes from her time period and even a few they did after. She laughed her ass off at the list of books on one of the plaques, that had the Harry Potter series next to Twilight and Sherlock Holmes all listed as classics. By then it was getting quite late so they hit a few more places, took a short train trip to Cardiff to see the plas where Torchwood used to be filmed. They ate dinner there and headed back to catch the shuttle leaving for the states. He finished his business early and then tracked them down. It was absurdly easy because they were acting like tourists. He almost lost them inside the palace, so he brushed against one of the guys while they waited for Sam to come out of the restroom, and planted a tracking device on the man. He wanted to make sure they were well away from the area when his plan was implemented. The device told him they were returning so he waited in view of the shuttle port just to make sure they were leaving. He almost sighed in relief when they came into view carrying luggage. He waited until the device showed they were out of England and out of range before he walked into the shuttle port. He memorized the schedule with a glance then quickly left when he noticed some Starfleet personnel walking his way. He went to one of his hide outs and started plotting his next move. Now that he knew she was real and here it changed things. If he was going to do this he needed to know she was safe. He had lost enough already he was not going to lose her too. He had to be careful around her. Just the fact she knew Marcus' code was proof she had already gotten too close to the man already. The last thing he wanted was that man having any influence on his Samantha. He didn't care if he had to kill a continents worth of people so long as it kept the blood off her hands. He crushed the coffee mug in his hand and the mug shattered. He absently picked the shards out of his hand and wiped the coffee off his hand with a towel before he started on the next phase of his plan. He headed off to meet a man about a large quantity of pure sodium and a few other elements that would enhance its explosive properties. All that was left was for him to put them together into something that could be smuggled past security. He passed a tourist shop and a trinket caught his eye. He remembered watching Sam pick up a very similar ring and he smirked. "Once again Samantha I am in your debt" said Khan Sam fell asleep on the shuttle flight back to New York. She was just so exhausted from their whirlwind vacation that it finally hit her. Kirk and McCoy let her sleep. Kirk promised bones he would clue him in later about what Sam had been so freaked out about earlier that morning. Sam was too tired to really walk so they got a hotel room in New York since it was only Friday and they technically didn't have to be back until Sunday for the ceremony. He let her sleep until nearly noon the next day. He checked on Pike and started writing his speech that Pike had warned him about. Sam wandered out of the bedroom area while he was about halfway done. "Whatcha doing?" said Sam Kirk visibly jumped and she giggled. He laughed slightly at his reaction "Trying to write a speech, Pike warned me they usually ask you to say a few words at things like this. So I'm trying to prepare, rather unsuccessfully I might add" said Kirk She curled her arms around his neck and buried her head in his neck. "Why don't you just wing it like you usually do?" said Sam Kirk shrugged and shoved the Padd device across the table. He rubbed the bridge of his nose. "Yeah I suppose you're right, I'll know what to say when the time is right and so will you" said Kirk Sam gave him a confused look. "You're being honored too remember?' said Kirk "Speaking of which we should really get going what time is it?" said Sam She started to rise and Kirk gripped her arms. "Not just yet" he said
Red 18 They wasted most of the day in the hotel room before boarding the tube back to San Francisco. When Sam stepped off the last step of the platform she was absurdly grateful to be home. They parted ways in the commons and Sam headed for her dorm room. As she passed by some of the dorm buildings she couldn't help but notice the empty rooms. She wondered briefly what they did with all their stuff. Was it sitting in some recycle bin or in some thrift store? Did some of it get shipped home to parents? What would they have done with her stuff? She shook her head to dispel those morbid thoughts. She didn't really want to know what they would have done with her things had she died out there. She didn't even want to think on how close she had come to dying at all. She climbed the dorm steps and walked into the lobby. No one was in the lobby and the vid screen in the lounge was off. It was somewhat eerie because it usually was on this time of the day. She pushed the button for the lift and debated walking into the lounge long enough to turn it on. The bell chimed for the lift and she walked onto it rather than into the lounge. She hit the button for her floor and the lift began to rise. Her floor was likewise deserted and Sam hoped it wouldn't stay that way for long. She quickly entered her room and dropped her things by the door. She kicked her shoes off and flopped down on her bed. She was exhausted and glad to be home at least partially anyway. They would be going to the memorial tomorrow and the ceremony was supposed to follow it. She assumed it was a little bit of good news to lighten the horrible news that they had nearly lost everyone in Starfleet. Sam rolled sideways and looked at the empty bunk in her room. Maybe Lela was the lucky one getting kicked out when she did or else she could very well be dead too. Sam sighed and rolled off the bed. Shrugged off her jacket and picked up her violin case. She opened the lid and pulled it free. Spread some rosin on the bow and set it to the strings. She had no set song in her head but it gradually became a rendition of radioactive. She played it through one more time and then just played whatever popped into her head. She channeled all her rage and frustration into the music, letting the smooth tones calm her jangled nerves. She had never really stopped and reflected on what had happened up there when she was on vacation with Kirk. With the music it all came flooding back along with the emotions she had been suppressing. Tears filled her eyes to the point she could no longer see but she continued to play on until every bit of emotion was laid bare to the world. Then she took a deep breath and abruptly stopped. With shaking hands she returned the instrument to its case and then just collapsed at the foot of her bed and wept. Eventually she was so exhausted she fell asleep. By the time she woke up the sun had set. Yawning she headed to her restroom took a quick shower, with the massage setting up on maximum because she had a kink in her neck now. Changed clothes and made her way to the mailroom for her dorm. Several of her packages had been mailed a few days before they had come back so they should have been here by now. The lone worker in the mailroom handed her a stack of mail and three of her packages. She took those back to her room and opened them up to see which ones had arrived. One of the packages was something she didn't recognize so she looked at the front label. She frowned it was her name but not her handwriting. The post mark was England which was the last place she did souvenir shopping and the last place she mailed anything from. She didn't recognize the box either. She slowly opened it and stared at the contents in shock. Nestled inside was the charm bracelet she had admired in the museum. Did Kirk go back and get it for her and if so when? He was with her most of the time so he would not have had the opportunity. Still it was just the sort of thing Kirk would do. She had never seen Kirk's handwriting to know if he had indeed written the address on the box so she assumed that he had. She slipped the bracelet out of the box and put it on her wrist. She glanced at the clock and swore, she was supposed to meet kirk for dinner a half hour ago. She groaned and quickly slid her shoes back on. Kirk was standing and talking with Spock and McCoy when she walked up. She walked up to him wrapped her arms around his neck and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. He gave the bracelet on her wrist a quick glance and then got this confused look on his face. It confused Sam but she let it go for now. "Nice bracelet where'd you get it?" said McCoy Sam gave a glance in Kirks direction and he shook his head no in denial. "Hey babe, thought you'd never come out of your room, what's up?" said Kirk "Oh nothing much just took a bit of a nap, seems they can improve travel all they want but they still can't get rid of jet lag" said Sam "Actually the concept of jet lag refers to the changing of time zones not of geographic locations" said Spock "Glad to see you too Spock" said Sam She laughed and it sounded a bit nervous to her ears. Kirk gave her a concerned look and for some reason McCoy was mirroring it. Sam was confused if kirk had bought it he would have owned up to it, just what the heck was going on? "Is everything all right lieutenant, you seem a bit ill at ease" said Spock "Actually it's just nerves and an overly quiet dorm" said Sam She leaned into kirk and whispered into his ear. "can we talk?" said Sam "Now that you mention it campus is just a bit on the eerie side with so few people here" said McCoy Spock frowned at the doctor and glanced in Sam's direction as if he had heard her. Sam silently cursed Vulcan hearing. "Yes indeed, I would not know I have been staying in the diplomatic sector for the last few weeks" said Spock "Helping the old man to settle in?" said kirk Spock frowned in his direction "If by that you mean seeing to it my father's accommodations are to his likings, then yes I have been helping the old man settle in" said Spock "How's the old man handling it?" said McCoy Spock let out an almost human sounding sigh. "He has performed Zan far, and is progressing nicely through the stages. Though the dirge was a bit unorthodox" said Spock "The dirge?" said McCoy "Traditional funeral song" said Sam McCoy gave a knowing nod. "How so?" said kirk Spock raised an eyebrow. "My father insisted on playing one of my mother's favorite pieces in place of the traditional music" said Spock "Which was?" said Sam "Stairway to heaven, I believe it was by someone named Clapton" said Spock "Led zeppelin" said McCoy Spock nodded at the correction. "How are you doing?" said Sam Spock glanced in her direction "I continue to perform admirably as I move through the stages as well" said Spock "It helps that he's been busy" said Uhura She walked up to the group and Spock wrapped his arm around her. "Busy doing what?' said Kirk The way he said it implied a who more than a what and Uhura glared at him in response. Spock was also glaring at Jim. "Working on establishing a new colony for his people, his father is on the planning committee" said Uhura For some reason she was staring at Sam and it was making her nervous. Kirk moved closer to her and wrapped his arms around her. He bent down and kissed her neck. "What did you need to talk to me about?" said Kirk Sam glanced at the others and they stared back at her in curiosity. She leaned into him and gave him a quick kiss. "When we're alone" said Sam Kirk gave her a curious look but didn't press for an answer. They walked as a group into the cafeteria to get some food. Sam put the note out of her mind and just focused on how good it felt to be back with her friends. About midway through the meal Alex texted her and said that she was spending some time with her dad since he got out of the hospital. She assured Sam that she would be at the ceremony tomorrow and so would her dad. Kirk looked at her Padd then at her, Sam smiled at him. "Alex said her dad's doing great and will be there tomorrow" said Sam "About that did they give us a time?" said Sam Kirk nodded and finished the bite of food in his mouth before answering "Actually it's at two and they are doing the memorial as part of the ceremony" said Kirk "Were expected to wear our dress blues" said McCoy He was frowning at his plate because kirk had stolen his last roll. "I heard it's supposed to be televised" said Uhura "It will be, my father has informed me of the same" said Spock Sam swallowed because her speech was far from written and the ceremony was tomorrow. Kirk must have sensed her nervousness because he slid his arm around her waist and pulled her close. Uhura and Spock gave them a curious look. Kirk leaned forward and whispered into her ear. "Relax its going to be all right" said Kirk Uhura gave them both a knowing look, then she looked relieved by the fact they were obviously together. Sam guessed she was still worried Spock might be interested in her still. Spock gave Sam a curious look as she curled into Kirk's arm. Kirk steered her into the mess hall and they quickly grabbed food and sat down. The cafeteria like the rest of the campus was, strikingly empty and just as unnerving. Their conversations echoed just a little too much and they found themselves lowering their tones to dull the effect. "Man I hope this place fills up again soon" said Kirk Sam nodded in agreement her mouth full of food. "Recruiters have been working overtime accepting pretty much anyone who applies" said Uhura "Well I hope they start showing up soon, I never thought I would miss the crowds" said McCoy "Indeed, me either" said Spock "It is a bit eerie isn't it" said Sam They all nodded in agreement. Sam could see they would be reluctant to part ways with everyone being so unnerved so she made an excuse to get Kirk alone after they were done eating. "I need your help with something farm boy" said Sam Kirk smirked and followed her out of the mess hall. He was goofing around and acting playful until the door slid shut behind them. Then he went instantly serious. "So what did you want to tell me that you didn't trust to say in front of our friends?" said Kirk She sighed in relief so glad kirk was much more perceptive than he looked. She held up her wrist and kirk frowned at the jewelry on it. "I checked my mail today and this was inside a package I definitely didn't mail" said Sam "Okay so what's the big deal you obviously forgot a purchase so what?" said kirk "Actually no I didn't buy this and I am assuming you didn't either" said Sam "Nope sorry babe it's beautiful but no I didn't why?" said Kirk "Okay if you didn't and McCoy was clueless when he saw it then, who else could have bought it?' said Sam "I don't know babe, I suppose it could have been Joanna" said kirk Sam shrugged "yeah I suppose, I can always have McCoy ask her" said Sam She was slightly unnerved now and hoped kirk was right and Joanna had bought it for her. If not then she didn't even know how to deal with the implications of that. She absently rubbed the chain. "Now do you want some help with your speech?' said Kirk Sam nodded yes into his shoulder. He guided her towards one of the tables in the quad and they sat down. She pulled her Padd out of her bag and showed him what she had so far. Three sentences.
Red 19 She adjusted her collar for the third time today. This darn dress uniform itched something fierce and everything seemed to be taking forever. Everywhere she looked she saw dress uniforms most of them were higher ranking. She was wondering if they had called out everyone in Starfleet for this. She spotted Spock and his father standing next to a group of what looked like admirals. They were deep in conversation so she simply nodded in their direction and continued on her way in search of Kirk. She hadn't seen hide or hair of him since they parted ways last night. The speech had literally taken all night to write and she wasn't even sure she could remember half of it. She inched her way around another group of people in uniform. With the exception of a few of her instructors she didn't recognize anyone here. She inched her way around another group of people who were talking to a nervous looking cadet. They were acting parental so Sam assumed they were his parents. She moved steadily through the crowd until a voice stopped her. She turned because the voice sounded familiar. "Hershey?" said Sam The man nodded and smirked at her. "Well if it isn't the girl of the hour, I just wanted to congratulate you before everyone else gets the chance, you did good kid" said the man Then he raised his hand in salute. It took Sam a moment to realize he was saluting her and another few seconds to figure out why. The look in his eyes was pure respect and it floored her for a few minutes. She slowly saluted him back and he nodded to her. Someone called his name and he turned to face them. She frowned when Hershey motioned the person over. It turned out to be a kid about ten or twelve and a woman. "Aria, Deven this is the young woman I told you about, Captain Morningstar" said Hershey The woman linked her arm through Hershey's and eyed Sam critically. Sam looked embarrassed. "Lieutenant actually, I was only an acting captain I haven't quite earned that rank yet" said Sam Hershey snorted "Well from what my Evan says you should be, hopefully the rest of this group will recognize that soon, I'm Aria by the way this little guy is Deven" said the woman. She rested her hand on the boy's shoulder and smiled warmly. The kid, Deven was staring at her rather openly. "Deven don't be rude say hello to the nice woman" said Aria The boy tilted his head and nervously licked his lips before asking "Did you really save the world?" said Deven Sam grinned down at him. The kid had a point, when you put it like that she did actually save the world. "Yep and I flew a starship upside down too" said Sam The kids eyes widened in awe. He looked from his parents then back at Sam "really?" said Deven "Really kiddo, I was there remember" said Hershey The kid considered it for a minute then his whole face lit up with a huge grin "Cool!" said Deven Aria chuckled and ruffled his hair. "I don't know where he got that phrase from, it seems like everything has dropped in temperature lately" said Aria Sam chuckled "Naw just the really interesting stuff" said Sam She turned and spotted a brunette head jumping up and down in an effort to see over the crowd. Sam smirked "It's nice to meet you both but it appears I have to rescue my midget of a best friend before the crowd swallows her" said Sam Hershey chuckled when he looked in the same direction Sam had been gazing in and must have spotted Alex's bobbing head. Hershey nodded in her direction and Sam took her leave of them and made her way towards her friend. She walked past another group people and was promptly tackled by her squealing friend into a bone breaking hug. "Alexcrushing...not ...breathing" Sam gasped Alex reluctantly released her and Sam gulped in oxygen. "Oh my god I can't believe you did that, what the hell were you thinking?" said Alex Sam gave her a confused look because Alex wasn't making any sense. "About which part?" said Sam "Kirk, really you couldn't find anyone better to spend the week with than Starfleet's' man whore" said Alex Sam frowned at her. "He's not that bad Alex, and it was closer to two weeks" said Sam Alex snorted and rolled her eyes. "Yeah right, he'll just break your heart mark my words" said Alex Sam wasn't sure where this was coming from. Truthfully she expected to be chewed out for the life risking part not her choice in boyfriends. It made her feel bad for Kirk, because he had shown a very caring side of himself over those weeks and she didn't think Alex was being fair. Alex was staring at her with a strange look on her face. "So?" said Alex "So what?" said Sam Once again thoroughly confused by her friends behavior. Alex sighed in exasperation. "In bed, is he any good?" said Alex Sam smirked when visions of their vacation and last night flashed through her head. In her opinion good didn't even come close to Kirk's skill in the bedroom. "In a word, Damn!" said Sam She gave Alex a look for emphasis and then nodded in the direction of an approaching blond head. "Really? That good?" said Alex Sam nodded just as Kirk stepped out from behind, from what looked like one of the admirals that had been on his expulsion panel. Kirk was laughing and the man looked to be in a good mood as well. Sam and Alex looked at each other "Isn't that?..."said Sam "Admiral Kozack, yes" said Pike "Wasn't he on?..."said Alex "Cadet Kirk's tribunal, yes. He seems to have swayed the man in his favor though" said Pike Sam was worried that Kirk would still be kicked out despite what he had done against Nero. "daddy they aren't going to go through with his expulsion are they?" said Alex Sam gave her a worried look and silently wondered how Alex always seemed to be able to voice her thoughts before she had a chance to voice them. "As far as I know no, I believe there is talk of pardoning him" said Pike Sam noted he was currently in a wheelchair of sorts but hadn't thought to ask Alex if it was permanent. "Pardoning who?" said Kirk He broke off his conversation with the admiral to go speak to Pike. "You dipshit, your collars crooked" said Sam On reflex she reached out to fix it and Kirk smirked at her. She fixed it and noticed the mark she had left on his neck, it was no wonder he had worn it like that. "Thanks babe but it itches that way" said Kirk He readjusted it so the marks were hidden. Pike and Alex looked on with knowing expressions. "So there pardoning me?" said Kirk Pike made a face. "Well sort of you're still going to be stuck dirt side for a probationary period, but at least they aren't kicking you out" said Pike Kirk looked at the ground and she could tell he was trying to process what he had said. She couldn't tell how worried he was about it because Kirk had always been hard to read. He seemed to snap out of it rather quickly and people were starting to make their way to seats. "Guess it's show time" said Kirk He motioned for Sam to go ahead of him. A woman with dark hair was making her way towards them both and Kirk seemed intent on avoiding her. "We'll catch up with you guys later" said Sam Someone had already started the music so they bid their farewells and made their way toward the stage. Sam swallowed nervously. Butterflies had settled in her stomach and she had the urge to throw up. She slowly climbed the dais and took the seats that had been prepared for them. People were still sitting down so she watched them instead of the commandant at the podium. She tried desperately to remember what they had written last night, while the man talked about why Starfleet had been founded and what its mission was. "To boldly go where no one has before, no truer words have ever been spoken. Nor commendations been granted as swiftly as those earned on the field of battle. On that note I wish to introduce you all to the heroes of the hour. Lieutenants Morningstar and Kirk please step forward" said the commandant Sam swallowed nervously and stood on shaky legs. Kirk looked incredibly relaxed and she wanted to slap him for not being the slightest bit distressed by all this. He smiled at her glare and she quickly plastered a matching one on her face as she stepped forward. They stood at attention in front of the commandant. Someone from the sidelines handed him a box. The man opened it and Sam noted the two rows of pips, two gold and one black. She mentally went through the ranking system. Lieutenant commander they were bumping them up to the same rank as Spock, which meant command. The man turned towards them both. The man was smiling at them both, no scratch that he was beaming at them like a proud father. She could guess that he was proud of them, in fact a quick glance at the rest of Starfleet command confirmed that quite a few felt the same way. Sam wasn't sure how to respond to that, because she had never done anything that garnered this level of acceptance or even positive feelings. She caught Kirk's eye and his grin made her relax further. "Before I award these commendations these two have more than earned, I am going to take a few minutes to tell all of you a little about these two officers in front of me" said the admiral Sam focused on his name tag which said Cheseke and she wondered absently if it was pronounced cheese cake. "Cadet Kirk came to us with rather large shoes to fill, his late father George Kirk was responsible for saving the lives of nearly his whole crew during his short stint as captain, one of our admirals saw his son adrift and essentially lost in his father's shadow. That man convinced him, actually them both, into joining Starfleet where ironically he was just as much of a troublemaker here, that he had been out there" said Cheseke Sam firmly resisted the urge to giggle. Kirk was glaring at the man and it was too amusing for words. He moved through the crowd. He knew he shouldn't be here and that he was only putting her in danger just by being near, but he had to see her. The second he saw her in London he couldn't put her out of his mind. She was real when all this time he had thought she was merely a figment of his imagination. That there was no way she could have survived like he had. Back then he had thought she was some latent part of him that was still innocent, something his mind conjured to deal with his imprisonment, at least until she had let them out of their prison. He had searched for her back then and never found her. Somewhere between her home and Las Vegas she had simply vanished. He knew she had been real back then because he saw the photos on her parents table. He spoke to the two ingrates that dared to call themselves parents, and even sat in her room for an hour after he had lost his temper with the stepfather, in an effort to calm down, the mother had still been sobbing and holding the man's broken body as he had left. He felt the anger start to rise and quickly quelled it. This was her day and he refused to ruin it. Tracking her down had been absurdly easy and he thanked the gods that none of his rivals had survived to this day or she would have placed herself in some very real danger simply by meaning something to him. After reviewing her purchases it was a simple matter to insert a tracking device into one of those charm bracelets she had been looking at and add it to her packages without the clerk noticing. Now he knew what dorm she was in and what her routine was, now all he needed was a few minutes alone with her. They gave the indication to sit down and he sat with the group of parents a few seats behind Admiral Marcus. It took all of his self-control to not just simply stroll up and snap the man's neck. It would be so easy considering how oblivious the man was to his presence. He took a deep steadying breath and turned his attention towards the stage. Kirk gave Cheseke a wry look as the man extolled some of his less than stellar moments for the crowd. "but he made up for all of that a few days ago when he proved that he more than embodied what it meant to be a part of Starfleet" said Cheseke Kirk gave the man an incredulous look because that had actually sounded sincere and Cheseke was known to be one of Kirk's harshest critics. Without missing a beat Cheseke turned to Sam next. After that not so glowing account of Kirk's antics she wasn't sure if she wanted the man to say anything about her at all. Cheseke smiled at her and Sam nervously grinned back. "Truthfully no other cadet has surprised me more than cadet Morningstar. A young lady who has been in the commandant's office no less than twenty eight times" said Cheseke He glanced her over and she smirked because she knew he was checking for dress code violations. "most of those were for dress code violations, only two of those were for something more serious and yes I am referring to the pot laced laxative brownies you provided for the council meeting, shits and giggles indeed" said Cheseke Sam let a giggle escape but it was swiftly covered by the audience's laughter. He laughed right along with the rest of them, that was definitely something his Samantha would do. He was still smirking, when he noticed Marcus had not found that amusing at all. The man must have been on the receiving end of that one. "she said one time that she felt like she didn't belong in Star fleet because she couldn't conform, I promptly tore up that copy of her resignation letter she had given me and fast tracked her into the command program, because that is precisely what makes a great leader. It isn't the ability to follow, but rather those who have the courage to make their own path, something cadet Morningstar has in spades" said Cheseke "Which brings me to the special treat we have for this evening, Admiral Marcus wished to do the honors for this one" said Cheseke He promptly swore and made sure he was firmly behind the taller of the two men sitting in front of him and pulled his hood down low. Marcus climbed onstage and took the podium from Cheseke Marcus nodded towards Kirk and smiled at Sam. He clenched his hand into a fist and firmly resisted the urge to run up on stage and beat the crap out of Marcus for even looking at her that way. Marcus was all smiles as he turned towards the audience. "We have come here today to not only honor these two heroes but also to immortalize one of them. Never in the history of Starfleet has this honor been bestowed to a cadet and to truly appreciate what we are talking about we have arranged a short film in her honor. Today we enter a new flight pattern into Starfleet's handbooks, ladies and gentlemen I present to you the Morningstar maneuver, flown for the first time by its namesake cadet Morningstar" said Marcus A screen had slid down behind him and the audience hushed because the screen was now filling with stars. Sam turned to watch the recording. On the screen you could clearly see the Nerada and the reliant. Sam realized this recording must have been taken from the Enterprise's cameras. She watched as the smaller and more nimble Reliant slid under the Nerada rotated in midair firing all of its weapons at the Nerada as it did so. Then went upside down directly over the top of the larger ship deftly avoiding the Nerada's guns and scoring multiple hits. The reliant then avoided the enterprises guns at the same time by barrel rolling flipping and going near vertical just to keep firing at the enemy. The reliant flipped back over for a second time went inverted again and then fired the final shot. The screen faded from view and the audience slowly came out of its trance. Off to the side of the stage one by one a group dressed in Starfleet uniforms stood up and clapped. A couple wore badges that said raptors on their sleeves. Even Kirk looked impressed and his soft muttered "damn" confirmed it. "nowhere have I ever seen someone fly like that, even in species born with wings, and according to her ships flight logs she did that with only her sensors for visibility" said Marcus "Not that she'd use the view screen anyways if she had one" someone from the raptors yelled out. Marcus nodded towards Sam with a look of profound respect on his face. "Now without further ado, Lieutenant Kirk please step forward" said Marcus Kirk did so and Marcus pinned two pips to his collar, he spotted the hickey and gave Kirk a scathing look until kirk nodded in Sam's direction. Marcus frowned when he realized what Kirk was implying. "Lieutenant Morningstar" said Marcus Sam stepped forward and the man pinned her pips onto her collar. "Ladies and gentlemen may I present to you commanders kirk and Morningstar" said Marcus "Now I'll leave them to say a few words" said Marcus The man vacated the stage and retook his seat right next to a blond girl. Khan sat back up, his eyes had been riveted on the screen just like everyone else. Sam was truly an exceptional pilot, the likes of which he had never seen. He was impressed and that was something that happened rarely.
Red 20 Kirk looked in her direction as if asking, do you want to go first. She shook her head no because she was in no way ready to stand up in front of everyone and give any kind of speech. He smiled and stood up smoothing down the top of his dress uniform as he went. He stopped at the podium and nodded at the admiral. The man stepped aside giving kirk the stage as he retook his seat. Kirk didn't look the slightest bit nervous and Sam envied him that. Kirk smiled at the audience and with a glance in Marcus's direction launched into his speech. "wow what a glowing introduction" said kirk sarcastically because even though the admiral had praised him he had also bashed him as well, not to mention reopening old wounds. When they had worked on her speech last night Jim had a few moments where he went uncharacteristically quiet. When she finally got him to open up about it, he had explained about his father and why it was such a sore spot, as well as his misgivings about this ceremony. Kirk simply did not want to be compared to his father or to live life in his shadow. He loved his father but he was a separate person and wanted to be admired for what he had done. " while I admire my father for many things, dying is not one of them" said kirk he looked straight at admiral Marcus when he said that. The admiral frowned in response obviously thinking George had been heroic when he sacrificed himself to save his crew, Jim unfortunately never saw it that way. "but I did learn one thing from him and that was to never give up, truthfully the only lesson he really taught me" said Kirk he trailed off, lost in thought for a few minutes. Khan had inched farther back in the crowd and was now openly staring at Samantha. "she's quite pretty ain't she?" said the man next to him khan turned to find an old man in a doctor's uniform. The man was old enough to be Samantha's grandfather and was staring at her like a wolf would eye a lamb. It unnerved him and angered him. No one should look at his Samantha like that; least of all a dirty old man. Khan looked down at the man's shoes and the man followed his gaze with his eyes. While he was bent over khan quietly broke the old man's neck with no more effort than snapping a twig. He crossed the man's arms, resting his hands on his lap. The dead man next to him looked like he had simply nodded off. In truth, the boy's speech was boring him. The young man ended his speech and the crowd clapped the boy sat back down and Samantha nervously made her way to the podium. "wow okay, what to say... I had this whole speech planned out, but for the life of me I can't remember a single word" said Sam some people in the crowd chuckled as if she was making a joke. " I'm not one for giving speeches obviously and as much as I would like to thank family and friends for being here or inspiration, I'm afraid I can't. truthfully, I wanted to run from this place on day one, in fact the only reason I applied in the first place was because my friend pike pushed me to do sowhich led me to here...not even sure how that happened but perhaps it's for the best hey. I don't really feel like a hero and honestly I feel bad about all those who didn't make it and can't be here to celebrate with us this evening" said Sam okay she was rambling and she was pretty sure everyone in the audience knew she was nervous. He frowned when she said that she didn't have anyone and made his heart ache for his dear Samantha. She had always been there when he needed her and it grieved him that he could not do the same for her. She took a deep steadying breath. "speaking of which and I know I should have done this at the beginning, but can I have a moment of silence for those brave men and women who sacrificed everything so we could stand up here and give bad speeches in itchy uniforms and be congratulated by people who didn't even know our names until now?" said Sam kirk put his hand on his chin to cover the smirk he was now sporting. Khan was grinning at her, oh yes; that was definitely his Samantha. The audience greeted her statement with stunned silence, which Sam partially saw as heeding her wishes. She bowed her head some as if praying and spotted the band out of the corner of her eye. Oh, how she wished she could just express herself that way instead of having to talk to everyone. People were starting to look up and were getting restless and she still had almost ten minutes to fill before the air show demonstration. She noted her squad had deserted their spots and was readying themselves for some seriously fancy flying. She sighed, wishing she could be up there with them. she turned back to her audience intending to finish some sort of speech even though she truthfully had forgotten everything they had written. Her glance fell on the band again and she noticed that one of them was holding a violin. "I know were expected to stand up here and give some grand speech about how heroic or noble our intentions were but truthfully that is not how I best express myself" said Sam she crossed the stage stopping in front of the violinist "may I borrow that?" said Sam the man gave her a shocked look but slowly held out the instrument. She took it from his outstretched hand and walked back to the podium. "sorry I know this is unorthodox but some things cannot be expressed in words" said Sam the she set the bow to the strings closed her eyes and just let the music flow out of her and through the instrument. The audience was stunned silent once again as Samantha played her heart out as she danced across the stage. Khan closed his eyes, he knew this song, hallelujah, Rufus Wainright if he wasn't mistaken, then the parting glass which left several people sobbing, then finally when it's all over by Raign. She slowly let the last of the notes die and opened her eyes. Kirk was staring at her in open mouthed shock, even Spock looked surprised. She slowly walked back to the man and returned his instruments to him and retook her seat just as the sound of the first engines reached her ears. Khan noted with pleasure that even Marcus was impressed and so apparently was the rest of Starfleet as one by one they stood and clapped. He smirked and rose with them because her performance was truly magnificent. He mentally kicked himself; for in all the years he had known Samantha he had never known she was a musician, nor that she was that talented of one. The applause slowly died as the first wave of fighter craft roared overhead.
Red 21 Sam was relieved when the first of the fighters streaked across the sky because it meant she didn't have to keep giving this speech and quite frankly she was out of songs that would convey her current mood. She would truly have rathered faced down Nero and his crew armed only with a spoon than to have to give another speech again. The audience didn't seem to mind that her portion of the talking had been very abrupt, instead their eyes were focused on the sky, as were Sam's eyes at the moment. Maybe that was why she didn't notice the man staring at her so openly, until the crowd had started to disburse after the show. Swiftly leaving the dead man's side he blended into the crowd. He watched from the shadows as people came up to her and congratulated her while she downed several glasses of champagne. He saw her glance in his direction several times and prayed that she didn't recognize him which is why he decided he needed to do a better job of blending in. He quickly followed a man to the toilet area, who had been wearing an instructors uniform. He snapped the man's neck and stole his uniform and Identification. He watched her for a few minutes more until the crowd started to disburse and he was forced to do so also when someone tried to wake the dead doctor and screamed, when they realized the man was dead. Khan quickly left and waited near her dorm. He watched her stumble up the stairs and into the building, just barely resisting the urge to help her as he followed her inside. Part of him disbelieved that he was even seeing Samantha and wanted to know for certain f this was indeed his Samantha. Fortunately for her the security lock on the elevator prevented him from following her up to her floor,or it would have, had the new residential adviser for the building not stumbled blindly drunk into the car, he swiped the mans ID card,giving him the perfect opportunity to gain access to her floor. He exited the elevator and used the card to disable the lock on her door. He walked into the room hoping he could talk to her alone preferably before she sounded the alarm. What he found was a drunk and obviously passed out Samantha who hadn't even made it to her bed before she was out cold. He knelt beside her and brushed the hair from her face. It was her, somehow she had survived to end up here too. Fate had smiled on him and delivered back to him the only woman who had shown him any kind of compassion. He frowned when he realized that he wasn't being all that compassionate back by leaving her to lie on the dorm room floor. He slid his arms under her and gently lifted her up onto the bed. He thought briefly about undressing her then dismissed the idea. She would feel violated if he did so and he didn't want to do that to her. If anything happened between them he wanted her awake, aware and preferably consenting. He sat on the bed and gently ran his fingers through her hair. "So soft, so real.. I missed you so muchI'll not let you out of my sight this time my love" said Khan He gently kissed her lips as she slept, he watched her for a few minutes more then left. He had plans to make and very little time to do so. Now that he found her he had no intention of leaving her here. Just the way Marcus had beamed at her during the ceremony cinched it. The admiral had designs on his Samantha and he had no intention of letting the man get any closer to the girl than he had already. It took every ounce of self control he had not to just fling her over his shoulder and abduct her then and there. The only thing stopping him was that he had no escape plan set up yet, which meant he would get caught rather quickly if he did so, especially with all the scrutiny Samantha was bound to attract for the next few weeks. So he vowed that he would just wait it out. With there being so very few commissioned officers, they were bound to ship out that Kirk boy which would leave his Samantha completely unguarded and if they shipped her out, he could always insert himself within the ranks of her crew. Until either happened, he would have to blend in and with so many instructors gone and quite a few new students coming in it would be easy to hack his way into the system and pretend to be an instructor for a while. The labs on the academy grounds would give him the perfect place to make something that would allow him to beam them on-board a ship while it was at warp and at the same time it would allow him to be in a position to protect his Samantha. He left the dorm building and headed for admissions or more specifically the office located at the back of the building which was where the human resources department was located for the academy. It took him all of about five minutes to hack into the woman's system, seriously it was stupid to use her pet's name especially when said pet was in a monogrammed frame right on her desk. He inserted a name he made up on the spot into the files for incoming instructors, making sure to pad the file with useful information that he could actually teach if he had to, as well as applicable instructor licenses. Then he quickly logged out and shut down the system before heading towards one of the empty dorm buildings to catch a few hours of sleep. Sam was so glad the ceremony part was over, the meet and greet was slightly annoying as was the admiral's attentiveness; in all honesty she just wished the old man would get tired and go home already. She snagged a champagne flute off a passing server's tray and tried to ignore the blond standing next to the admiral, who was either his girlfriend or family member, either way she was incredibly irritating and it didn't help that Kirk was flirting with her to boot. Now irritated she looked around for an out and caught a glimpse of someone standing by a pillar with a hoody pulled down over their face before people passed between them obscuring her view. When they had passed the guy was gone and for some reason it made her uneasy. Sam spotted Pike trying to get her attention, made her excuses and made her way towards them. Several people were leaving already and the clean-up crew was starting to fold up all the chairs, when suddenly one of the workers screamed. The group went silent and turned towards the scream. A woman dressed like a member of the cleaning crew was pointing at an old man slumped over in a chair. "he's dead" said the cleaning lady. Someone in the audience made a scoffing noise and someone in a medical uniform moved forward and ran a tri-corder over the man. The doctor frowned at the small screen before making his way back over to the admiral. Sam was still close enough to hear what the man told the admiral. "she is correct the man is dead the cause seems to be a broken neck" said the doctor the medical man looked confused but the look on the admiral's face told her the man had an idea on who was responsible. Sam had her own sneaking suspicions as well. She downed what was left in her glass even though it now tasted like sand in her mouth. The blond next to admiral Marcus left to fetch security. After they arrived they started questioning those who were sitting nearest to the dead man and then going through everyone else one at a time. Thankfully they didn't even bother talking to Sam because she had been on stage at the time,along with Kirk who was also dismissed as a suspect. The investigation made the event take another two hours longer than it had to, so by the time it was over and guests were told they could finally leave, Sam was exhausted. By the time she stumbled through her door she was half passed out already and was pretty certain she never made it to the bed. Even though she woke there the next morning. The next day Kirk was assigned a routine mission to nibiru to save a species from going extinct due to a very active volcano chain, so Sam didn't even get to see him before he took off. Pike was made an admiral and Sam was stuck dirt side for a few days. She spent most of them watching the campus fill back up with new recruits and instructors, until she received a summons from Admiral Marcus. Sam nervously stood at attention while she awaited whatever it was the man had to say to her. "at ease Morningstar,please sit down" said the Admiral Sam slowly lowered herself into a seat. " I have put a lot of thought into how to best utilize your talents young lady and I have come up with the perfect solution" said Admiral Marcus. He tapped the screen on his pad and handed it to her. Sam looked at the screen and frowned. There was a ship on the small screen though it was no class or design she had ever seen before, it looked vaguely familiar. She raised an eyebrow in query "that is the USS Vengeance, an experimental ship my department was authorized to design. It requires minimal crew of fourteen and the captain would be able to fly her from his chair" said Marcus Sam gave him a shocked look most ships especially one of that size would require a complement of at least two hundred. She set the pad on his desk and he picked it up. "I must confess after seeing you fly I feel as though this ship was designed specifically for you, which is why I am recommending you for the position as its captain" said Marcus Her mouth dropped open in shock. He was kidding, right? She opened her mouth to protest that she didn't feel ready to be a captain just yet, when the man's com rang. He frowned at the small screen then looked over at her. "You are dismissed Lieutenant Commander Morningstar, we will discuss the details at a later time" said Marcus stunned Sam stood and walked out of the room. she exited the turbo-lift for the building just as the news-feed came on the screen for the campus announcements. "A suspected terrorist attack on the Kelvin memorial library has left several dead and many wounded" said the news feed. Sam stopped to stare right alongside everyone else at the devastation caused by the blast. A sinking feeling of dread was filling her stomach because that looked just as bad as the devastation, he had wrought in Las Vegas. In fact, she couldn't shake the feeling that he was somehow responsible, nor that she was being watched. The news feed went on to other news and the crowd that had stopped to watch slowly disbursed. Sam reluctantly tore her gaze from the screen and that is when she spotted him again. Only this time he wasn't wearing a hood that obscured his face and she recognized him. Part of her mind instinctively denied what she was seeing, that had been two hundred years ago and she still felt he was a figment of her imagination,or at least she had until Kirk showed her what he had done to Las Vegas in an apparent effort to find her, it had terrified her and made her sick to think that she had on some level cared for this man. Who turned out to be a monster and that he had sought her out. He smiled at her from across the courtyard and she had the urge to run. Someone passed between them and he was gone. Panic set in and she started backing away from the building he had been standing by,which had been the cafeteria. She usually headed towards it around 11:00 to eat lunch, which meant he knew her routine. She swallowed nervously, appetite completely gone now she made her way into the nearest building which turned out to be the library. Khan followed her in without her even noticing he was there. He watched her make her way towards the directory and calmly followed her. The library was almost completely deserted and he could tell it made Samantha nervous for some reason. He moved closer to her and waited until the few people in the same section left before he approached her. She had her hand on a book about lucid dreaming so he used it as an opening conversation piece. "Lucid dreaming an interesting choice of subject matter" said Khan Sam froze and slowly turned her gaze in his direction. She stared at him for a few seconds while wearing a look of shock on her face. "Khan?" said Sam Her voice barely above a whisper. he smiled at her because she sounded nervous. "Yes Samantha tis I" said Khan He watched her swallow nervously and noted that she appeared to be afraid of him. Ordinarily this would not concern him but Samantha was the last person in the world he wanted to be afraid of him. She stepped back some into the stack but realized quickly that he had boxed her in.
