Hey all, I bet you are all surprised to hear from me. I am sorry it took so long, but there is the sequel. And oh, here is the disclaimer, I do not own Star Trek or make any money off this. So don't sue me. :) And just to let you know: There is about a year time jump and this sequel will take place just before the Second Movie. It will go into the events of the movies. This is where Jim and Spock will eventually get back together, though it won't be easy or quick. That might be an underestimate, but they will have to build trust and that will be a battle. Won't be easy, but if it was easy, it wouldn't be fun. Anyhow, here you go. Tell me if you like it. The Absolution of the Innocent Chapter One: The Stress of Growth "Captain Kirk, is it at all possible for you to keep a First Officer?" Admiral Barnett gave Jim a stern look, almost daring him to open his mouth. "How many does that make in less than a year? What do you do to these fine officers to make them run screaming for the hills?" The expression on the Admiral was one of both annoyance and amusement. Holding his jaw tight, Jim stared at the video monitor for a moment, wondering if Barnett really wanted an answer. At the time of the call, he wasn't sure if the Admiral just wanted to yell at him, which was why he had chosen to take the call in his quarters. He didn't need the whole ship listening to Barnett lecture him. Barnett let out a sigh. "What do you do to these men?" he asked. "Hey, it's not my fault that none of these guys can keep up with me." "You can barely keep one for two months without them resigning. What am I supposed to do with you?" Jim waved him off. "Who needs a First Officer?" he asked. Deep down he knew why he was having trouble keeping a First Officer. Even if he refused to admit it to himself, he knew he had been unfairly comparing all of them to Spock. Though the Half-Vulcan wasn't completely human, and it was a horrible metaphor, Spock was inhuman at his job. He was able to complete the tasks of two people, and still lend a helping hand when needed. "Commander Scott and I have it covered." "If the Commander is so helpful, why don't you make him your First Officer?" Montgomery Scott was the first person that popped into Jim's mind when thinking about a potential First Offer, but he didn't make him the offer. Scotty was at home in the engine room and had stated numerous times that he wouldn't want to be anywhere else. He had no interest of being anywhere else, and Jim wasn't going to make him leave. He knew if he asked, Scotty would agree to take the post, despite it taking him away from engineering. "But then I'll scare him off!" he said, trying to make a joke. "That post is cursed." "How does Admiral Pike put up with you?" Jim laughed. "I have no clue, but you could send the Providence away on that five year mission that I keep hearing about. That would get me out of your hair." Barnett's eyebrows rose. "We're still in discussion about that, and a ship with no First Officer is not in that discussion." "Ouch," Jim replied, try to act hurt. "Is that why you called me? To hurt my feelings?" "No, I'm putting a deadline on you, Kirk. Get a First Officer and he or she better last more than three months," he replied, giving a stern look. "And if you can't do that, I'll appoint one and you won't like the one I select." "You have little faith, and besides, I'll probably scare that person away too." "Captain Kirk, this is not a joke. Find a First Officer or else. If you can't work well with others, some might question why you're a Captain." "Sir!" Jim uttered, shocked at what the Admiral had said. Sure, he was glad the Admirals had finally stopped pitying him and started to treat him like every other Captain. He craved the chance to prove he had earned the rank. Now he couldn't understand why they couldn't see why this decision was so difficult for him. "In all due respect-" The Admiral interrupted Jim with a harsh look. "And since you can't seem to pick a First Officer, Captain, you'll do everything without help from Commander Scott for now on. Barnett out," he replied as the screen turned black, not giving Jim any time to respond. For a few seconds, Jim just stared at the black screen, cursing himself. He was screwed six ways from Sunday with Scotty helping him, but now, he had fallen off the cliff. How did the Admiral expect him to do all of this paperwork by himself? Jim had thought that he was going crazy before Scotty had started to help. There was no possible way he could keep up with the extreme workload. "Dammit," he cursed. Jim took a deep breath as he turned from the monitor. He was angry at himself for being so difficult. Why did he have to be so stubborn? Why was it so hard to keep a First Officer? What was it about each of the potential candidates that annoyed him? It didn't matter the person, Jim always found something wrong with them. With another deep breath, Jim rotated back to the monitor and clicked open a long list of candidates. He had seen so many profiles that the names had begun to blur, yet he had been surprised to see so many. By now they must have heard how difficult he could be. Why would any of them want to deal with such a hardheaded Captain? Even with the growing list of failed prospects, it didn't stop Commanders from applying with two more adding their names to the list since he started reading. Jim knew his service record spoke for itself and anyone would jump at the chance to serve under him. He might be hard on his First Officers, but the rest of the crew trusted and loved him. Unlike his final days onboard the Enterprise, there were no complaints from the crew and the ship ran smoothly. It reminded him of his earlier days on the Enterprise, and the one time where he didn't know if he could be any happier. Right now, he wished he could complete the task of selecting the right First Officer. The door to his quarters dinged, snapping his mind back to reality. Jim stared at it for a second, wondering who it could be. "Come in," he said. The door opened a second later, revealing his current number two in command. Montgomery Scott gave him a look of concern before speaking. "Cap, don't take this the wrong way, but you look like shit," he said through his thick Scottish accent. Despite being barely able to understand him at times, Jim was really fond of Scotty's accent. "Aw, thanks," Jim said, playing hurt. He eyed the tray in his commander's hands, not able to make out anything from the green objects piled on it. If McCoy had his way, it would be something low fat with no taste. Scotty laughed as he walked across the room, carefully stepping as not to spill the food. "You're welcome, Sir." Jim laughed. "Anything good?" he asked, hoping that the Chief Engineer was able to sneak in a hamburger or something remotely tasty. He gave Jim a look as he set the tray down on the desk. "Why don't you tell me, Sir?" he said with a chuckle. Jim glanced at the many resumes in front of him, unable to feel anything besides defeat. Why was it so difficult for him to find someone? Taking a deep breath, Jim reached for the monitor to turn it off. He needed a break or else he would go crazy. "Oh, great, Bones is on a green kick," he said, with a sigh. "I'm going to turn green from all of this shit." "He's only trying to look after you," Scotty said, laughing. "If you say so," Jim replied, pulling it to him. He poked at the salad, knowing he should be grateful. It could have been a lot worse. His mind briefly thought back to all of the liquid foods he could barely keep down after his last major surgery. Scotty eyed his Captain for a few seconds. With a deep sigh, he took a seat across from Jim, who was poking at his food. "Can I ask you something?" Jim looked up and smiled slightly. "Scotty, you know you can ask me anything." His Chief Engineer was one of the few people left that he trusted, and he refused to lie to him. "Why have you never asked me?" he asked. Jim gave him a questioning look. "Never asked you what?" he asked, trying to think of everything that his friend could possibly ask him. "About being your First Officer," Scotty replied. "I know I ain't the ideal choice, but I can do it, Sir. I'll give it my all, and it would be an honor." Shock filled Jim as Scotty waited for his answer. He had never expected him to mention it. He never expected the engineer to willingly want to leave the ship's engines. He expected the man to be buried deep in the wiring as it was all that mattered to him. It was the only thing the Engineer loved, often referring to the ship as his 'baby'. "I thought you hated paperwork," he said, trying to play it off. "I hate a lot of things, Sir, but I would be honored to be your First Officer." Jim took a deep breath. "Scotty." Scott eyed his Captain, knowing that look all too well. "Sir, I can handle it. Heck, I'm already doing half the paperwork anyhow. Give me a chance, Jim, and I'll show you." The pleading look in his friend's eyes burned through Jim, and it made him wonder why he was having a difficult time saying yes. He knew Scotty wouldn't let him down and would do an excellent job as his First Officer, but he couldn't say yes. He wasn't sure why, but he couldn't bring himself to say it. The very word was trapped in his throat. "So you're willing to give up your dream post of Chief Engineer for a mountain of paperwork?" "Yes, Sir. I can do this." As Jim stared at his Chief Engineer, he found himself struggling. He wanted… no… needed to say yes, but something was stopping him. Guilt was tearing at him. He knew Scotty could easily handle being a First Officer, but even with one of his best friends, something deep inside him refused to accept anything other than a certain Half-Vulcan as his First Officer. "Are you sure about this? There's no going back, Commander, and this won't be easy," he replied. "I know, Captain, and if you give me a chance, I'll show you," he replied. "Let me think about it, Scotty," he answered. It nearly killed him to see the fallen expression on his comrade's face. "This is not a no answer. It's a 'let me think about it'. I want to make sure you don't regret this. I want to make sure this is right for everyone. I don't want you to leave the position that you love for something you'll hate." "I'm a space explorer, Jim, and as long as I'm doing that, I am happy." Jim let out a sigh. "I understand, but I-" Scotty interrupted him, "Okay, and I'll let you be so you can think." Scotty put on a smile and stepped toward the door. The Captain didn't say anything as he watched the Commander stepped out the door. He sat in silence as the door slid shut, and he would remain that way for the remainder of the morning. *O*O* "Whatta ya doing?" Jim asked, stepping into Dr. McCoy's office. He smiled as he stared at Bones, who was fast approaching the best friend zone again. The Chief Medical Officer looked up from his desk, eyeing blazing. "Paperwork that you created! Do you know how many forms I have to fill out when a First Officer just gets up and quits?" The Doctor paused for a few seconds, waiting for Jim to say something. "Let me tell you, a lot." Jim laughed as he mindlessly walked along the office wall, his finger tracing the binding of the books on the shelves. "Look at it as an instrument to keep your mind sharp." "Don't make me hypo you into a coma or something." "But you love me, and you would never do that to me," he said, stopping in the corner. As if it had a mind of its own, Jim's hand reached for a snow globe, a gift from McCoy's daughter, Joanne, and shook it. From the corner of his eyes, he watched the fake snow fall upon the tiny fake city. "If you break that, I will break you," he said, eyeing the globe in the Captain's hand. "Relax, Bones, I won't break it," Jim said, setting the globe down on the table next to him. McCoy gave him a sneak eye. "You say that about everything before you break it," he replied, looking away from the monitor. He took a deep breath as he pushed himself back from the desk. "Hey now, I do not," he replied. The Doctor laughed as he swirled in the chair. "Do I need to list everything?" he asked, waving to his office around him. This office was bigger than the one he had on the Enterprise, much like many of the other offices aboard the Providence. "Geez, you have little faith," Jim replied, eyeing the globe. The water and fake snow were still swirling, and Jim couldn't take his eyes off it. "Well you're the one who broke that alien Idol on the Providence's first mission," McCoy replied, as he stepped to the snow globe. "You know they don't make them like this anymore, not in a long time. Wood and glass. The craftsmanship on this is amazing." He picked it up and ran his fingers over wood engravings. Jim let out sigh. "You know it isn't my fault that the idol broke. I can't help it if it fell apart by me just looking at it." He turned to Bones, who was a few inches from him. "And I know how hard Joanne looked for that." "You're just lucky their Chief faith healer took a fancy to you," Bones said, setting the globe onto the corner table. Unlike the dark grain of the wood, the table was white, much like the rest of the medical bay. "I do miss Joanne. I get to see her for a day once we dock on Earth." "I'm glad that you're able to spend more time with her, she's such a great kid…Well she does have an amazing uncle, so she couldn't have turned out too bad," he said with a smile. "So full of yourself," McCoy replied. "I wonder what that healer saw in you. She must've been insane for liking you." Jim let out a chuckling sigh. "Hey!" he protested. "Be nice." "And I don't even want to know what you two did together in that room," his friend added. "Oh, don't be jealous," Jim replied with a smile. "And you should be bowing to my negotiation skills. Think of all the instances where it saved us." McCoy sighed as he stepped to his desk. He ran his hands over his desk where the touch screen keyboard was built into the top of it. The monitor flipped on and flipped through the paperwork that he had been working on. "And what about our lack of a First Officer?" It was a subject that Jim didn't want to talk about, although he would rather talk about his lack of a decision then those hours he spent in a room alone with the faith healer. "First Officer? Who needs a first Officer?" "How can you handle all of the paperwork without one? Mr. Scott can only do so much," he answered, giving him a look that told Jim that he was no longer kidding. "And I can guess that the Admirals aren't too happy with you and your track record with First Officers." Jim pushed off the corner table and crossed to the front of the office. He reached for a panel on the wall, a few feet from the door. He ran his hand over the touchscreen panel, hitting the button for the window on the front wall. In an instant, the window changed from its dark reflectiveness to crystal clear, revealing the rest of the medical bay to them. For a few long seconds, the Captain watched as the medical staff worked. With no patients in the bay, he watched as the nurses did inventory. His focus was on Nurse Chapel, who looked like a conductor in total control of the medical bay. Even if Bones was the Chief Medical Officer, there was no doubt that Nurse Chapel could take charge if she had too. Dr. McCoy truly respected her. For a few minutes, McCoy watched Jim as he watched the staff. It wasn't until Jim rested his head against the glass that McCoy spoke. "Jim, what is it?" Jim lightly banged his head off the window before he turned around. "You're right about the Admirals. They aren't too pleased with my inability to keep a First Officer." "Jim." McCoy's voice was safe and calming. "They say it doesn't reflect well on me, and they're right." "Jim," he called again. "You'll find one. It just takes time to find the right one." The Captain wasn't sure about that. If it had been that simple, he would have found someone already, but he knew the real reason. There must be something wrong with him if he couldn't make such an important command decision. "Scotty asked me to take him into consideration." McCoy eyed Jim. "Really? I didn't think Mr. Scott would want that post. I didn't think he would ever leave the safety of the Engine room." "Yea, me neither," Jim responded as he stepped from the door. "You don't seem happy or relaxed about this." "Well, you know what happens with my First Officers," Jim stated with a weak smile. Bones gave him a look, holding back his laugher. "I know there is more to this then just that." Jim let out a sigh, because he was right. There was so much more, but he didn't want to talk about it. He had other things to worry about like his ship and his crew. "There is, but my shift starts in a few and I can't be late." The Chief Medical Officer gave the Captain a serious look. "You're going to work yourself to death! Do you sleep? Wait, don't answer that. I already know you don't." Not looking at McCoy, Jim turned to the door, reaching for the door panel. "Well, I have no First Officer so I have no choice," he said as the door opened. There was also the fact that even now, inside this new ship, surrounded by friends and great security officers, he still had a hard time sleeping. He refused to admit that he still felt unease whenever he closed his eyes to rest. With some help from both Bones and others, he had moved from sleeping on the floor to a more comfortable bed. That had to count for something. "Okay, Jim, but if you're brought in for exhaustion, I'm kicking your butt and don't expect Chapel to save you." "Bones, don't lie. She can totally take you," Jim replied as he made his way out of the lab. He could have sworn that Nurse Chapel had given him a knowing smile as he walked out. Damn, that woman could get to him. *O*O* "Kaptain on the Bridge," Chekov yelled as everyone got to their feet and turned to acknowledge their Captain. "At ease," Jim said quickly, smiling at his Russian Ensign. No matter what he was feeling, being on the bridge felt like heaven, and there was no other place that he would rather be. Each and every time that he stepped onto the bridge, he wondered how he had ever resigned in the first place. Just being here made him feel like he was on top of the world. "Anything on radar, Lieutenant Saavik?" Jim asked, as he glanced toward the science station. The Vulcan rotated in her chair to face Jim. "Nothing, Sir. Everything is clear. There are no signs of the abnormality that we faced earlier, Captain." If Jim didn't know better, he could have sworn his Science Officer was upset, which he knew shouldn't surprise him. She was a Vulcan, and they looked at everything as a learning experience. "Did you get any data out of it?" he asked, as he stepped to his beloved Captain's chair. He loved everything about the chair, right down to the fabric. Saavik turned back to her monitor. "I have, Captain, but I will not know until I study it." He glanced back, staring at her for a moment, before sitting his chair. He wasn't quite sure about his new Science Officer. He had nearly passed her up for another equally promising officer. He wasn't sure that having another Vulcan as his Science Officer was a good idea, but Sarek had sold him on the idea. The Ambassador had recommended her above all others for reasons that Jim did not know, but he trusted him. "Let me know if you find anything," he said, turning forward. "Yes, Captain." Jim could practically feel her eyes on him, as he faced forward. It wasn't the first time that he felt her stare, and he was sure it wouldn't be the last. He didn't know what she was looking for, but he was positive it wasn't important. There was a part of him that was wondered if he was imagining it. "Is the away team back, Ensign Vil?" Jim asked, whirling slightly. The Ensign sitting at the communication station turned slightly to answer him. "Yes, Sir. All officers are aboard the Providence with no incident," He replied. "The team got everything they needed?" Kirk asked, looking forward again. His eyes rested on the planet below. No matter how many planets they visited, space never lost it appeal to him. He could stare at the stars for hours. "Yes, Captain, and the items are being examined as we speak." Jim nodded with a smile on his face. It was a simple mission but it had important consequences for Starfleet, who hoped to study the collected items. Plus, it was always a good feeling when his crew returned in one piece. His crew was like a family to him, and he didn't want anything to happen to them. "Chekov, do you have our course set in?" "Yes, Sir. Ve ready to go," the Russian replied. "Let's punch it then," Jim said with smile. *O*O* Jim put on a smile as he stepped through the halls of his beloved ship. He loved everything about this ship right down to the smell, and he wouldn't change it for anything else, even if there was a part of him that missed the Enterprise. There was a part of him that missed his former crew, who had accepted him for all of his quirks. It wasn't like his new crew didn't respect him. They just weren't used to all his quirks yet. In time, he knew they would be completely comfortable around him to the point that he could play a few games in the rec room with some of them. In the meantime, he would show them how crazy he could be, and hopefully they would enjoy it. "Captain Kirk." His name echoed down hall stopping Jim in his tracks, and he turned to face the owner of the voice. "Lieutenant Saavik," he greeted with a smile. "How can I help you?" he asked in a cheerful voice. "You told me you wanted to be informed when there were results," she said, standing perfectly still with a tablet in her hand. Jim stared at her for a moment, amazed her ridged posture. He never understood how Vulcans could stand so still without flinching. "You found something?" he asked, stepping toward her. "Yes, Captain. The cloud the Providence flew through possessed polar qualities. It was creating an electrowave, pulling apart the compounds around us." He gave her a look as he took another step toward her. "I figured as much, judging by what it did to the ship," he said. "However, the Providence appears to be in one piece. Commander Scott did notice a disruption in the core, but it returned to normal once we were a safe distance away." "Yes, according to my observation, it could have been worse, Captain. If the ship had stayed in the cloud for any longer, it is possible that the core could have become unstable and could have exploded," she replied. "Shit," Jim quietly cursed, thinking back to that moment. At the time, he had no idea what was happening to the ship, but he didn't want to stick around to find out. Unable to use warp speed, they had to use impulse power. He had ordered Scotty to shut down any unnecessary system in order to get enough energy to get them out of there. "Do you have the readings from inside there?" he asked, pointing to the tablet in her hand. "Yes, Sir," the Vulcan Science Officer said handling him the P.A.D.D. Jim reached for it, trying to avoid touching her hand. At the same moment she shifted slightly, knocking her hand into his. It was a brief contact, but he felt a warm shock travel through his arm from her hand. He could feel her, and it took his very breath away. For a long second, it felt like time had stopped, and his mind had quit working. "Damn," he yelled, finally coming to his senses. He quickly pulled his arm back as he jumped back from her. "I'm so sorry, Saavik." It was by some miracle that he was able to keep a hold on the tablet. She gave him a look as she folded her arms behind her back. "It is alright, Captain. There was no harm." No harm? He thought to himself. He felt her, which was usual, and if he compared it to all of the times that he touched Spock, it was even stranger. "Are you sure? I know how sensitive a Vulcan's hands are. I know how intimate a touch like that can be, and I don't-" "It is fine, Captain," she said, cutting him off. "I know you did not mean any offense" Jim squeezed the tablet in his hand, feeling stupid. How could he have been so careless? He just assaulted one of his officers. "It won't happen again." "It was an accident, Captain," she restated. "No need to chastise yourself." She gave him another look before she added, "You seemed very knowledgeable in the Vulcan way." He glanced down at the P.A.D.D. in his hand. "I am. I previously dated a Vulcan and thought it would be wise to learn as much as I could about the Vulcan race," he replied, not interested in going into the finer details. However, he doubted that she would pry, and he was grateful for that. Even now, he didn't want to talk about his past relationship with Spock. "I even attempted to learn the language, but that proved to be very difficult. I was only to master the basics in the amount of time I had." "I was aware of your previous relationship." she said, "I am also aware that Ambassador Sarek thinks highly of you." Jim stared at her, catching her eyes again. For some reason, he couldn't look away. "Yea, it's my curse. Ex-partners' parents love me," he replied, trying to laugh it off. The intensity of her Vulcan eyes nearly drew him back to her. "He also told me about your…humor," she said in a deadpan style. "That he loves it?" he asked, knowing that most Vulcans did not approve of his humor. He forced himself to look away and down to the tablet. His hand still tingled from where they touched. "That is not the word he used," she replied. "There was another word, which would not be too pleasant." Jim laughed as he forced himself to stare at the readings of the abnormally. "Well they say Vulcans don't like to joke," he said, sliding through the tablet. "It is illogical." Daring to look at her, he looked up and smiled. "So why are you aboard the Providence?" he asked. "I'm probably one of the most illogical humans there is. You can ask Sarek about that one." Saavik had not moved from her spot and was still staring at him. "Yes, he has warned me of your nonsensical jests, but he believes we will be a good match." She remained unflinching. "Does he?" Jim asked, as he started to walk. He wasn't surprised when she followed him. "He does," she replied, following close. Jim paused as he took a deep breath. "Well, let's see if Sarek is correct, though he's never wrong it seems," He said, as he carefully handed back the tablet, making sure that he did not touch her again. He still felt like an idiot from the mistake. "And again, I'm sorry." "Apologies are illogical," she said, taking it back. Her eyes drifted to his hands, as she took the device. "And it was an error on my part as well, Captain." He looked at his Science Officer, still trying to read her. "Very well, then. I guess we're good," he replied. "And keep looking into this. It might be helpful if we ever come against it again." "I shall, Sir," She said as she turned from him. Jim sidestepped and watched her leave, wondering about her. He knew she would make a fine Science Officer, but he wasn't sure of what to do make of her. At the moment, she had left him confused, and their brief touch had his mind whirling a bit. He was at a loss for words, as he wondered how to act around her. *O*O* Jim took a deep breath as he stepped into the transporter room. He was exhausted, having just finished a double shift, but he didn't have time to rest. He had somewhere to be in twenty minutes and there was no time to rest. Though he was always pushing the limits, this was the one thing he knew he could not miss. He had no interest in pushing his luck. He was very grateful for everything that he had and wasn't willing to risk losing it again. At the moment, the Providence was docked at one of the many space docks surrounding Earth. It had just finished going through the final docking protocols, and the nonessential crew were allowed to take breaks on the planet when their shifts were over. Even if Jim was over hoping, this could be their last time on Earth for the near future if they were given the five-year mission, and he wanted to give them as much time as possible. "Everything is ready for you, Captain." The sound of Scotty's voice snapped Jim from his thoughts. "Good," the Captain replied with a smile as he stepped to the transporter pad. "And Commander, you're in charge while I'm gone." "Aye, Captain," he said, stepping out from behind the controls. "Sir, do you want me to look at anything while you're gone? I got some free time in between shifts." Jim held back his flinch as he stepped onto the pad. He didn't have the heart to tell Scotty that he was forbidden in giving him any paperwork to do. It was his punishment for chasing all of his first officers away, and he didn't want to tell Scotty as the man would only push harder for the position. "Thanks, Scotty, but I'm good. Got it all under control," Jim lied, trying to hide his exhaustion. The current Second Officer gave him a concerned glance. It was clear he didn't believe him but chose to stay quiet. "Aye, Captain." "Just keep her steady, Scotty." "You can count on me, Sir." "I kno-" The door to the transporter room swished open, silencing the room. With a smile and a bag over his shoulders, McCoy walked in. "Geez, Jim, going to leave without me?" Jim laughed as Bones stepped toward him. "I'm sure you can find your way without me, Bones," he said, teasing. "Unless you need me to hold your hand." "Ha ha," McCoy replied. "Very funny. You should do stand up." "I should, shouldn't I?" Scotty laughed. "Oh, how I love this banter." Before anyone could respond, the door slid open once again, and this time, it was the Vulcan Science Officer, who walked into the room. Within seconds, she was focused on Jim. "Captain." "Lieutenant Saavik," Jim greeted. "Did you have something?" Why couldn't he figure her out? Why couldn't he tell what she wanted? It was driving him crazy. "I have found something else, Sir," she said, stepping to the pad. Jim glanced toward Bones, wondering if the Doctor was noticing the Vulcan's strange behavior too…Or maybe, it was just him. He chalked it up to exhaustion, hoping to get some rest during his time on Earth. "Send it to me, Lieutenant. I don't have time to look at it now. I have a date." "Sir?" she asked. "Jim," Leonard uttered, clearly irritated. Without a beat, Jim turned back to Scotty. "Energize, Scotty." Scotty simply nodded as he started the transport. It took only seconds before McCoy and Kirk disappeared, leaving the Chief Engineer and Science Officer staring at the empty pads. The end for now. Author note: With Saavik, I am only going off what was in the original movies and not in the books, which people are fighting about being Canon or not. Granted, the originally story is nothing like the reboot so I don't think that mattered. However, I am letting you know. And did Jim just say he had a date? O_O Until next time...and just a reminder, I am a slow updater.
Hey all, I am sorry this took so long. I don't know why this took me soo long, but I hope you enjoy this chapter. This chapter has now been betaed. Thanks to my Beta who is great :) I will say that this is when the action.. or a set up for the action in the next chapter. Anyhow, I hope you enjoy. Please let me know through reviews. Chapter 2: Logic vs Morals. "So you came down on him," Admiral Pike said to Admiral Barnett. The Admirals were speaking via a private channel, where they had been discussing the five year mission when Pike brought up the subject of Captain Kirk. Barnett let out a deep sigh as he glanced over the report in his hand. "I did. I know you care for him, Christopher and this is a tough situation for Captain Kirk, but we needed to be firm with him." Pike released his own sigh as he shook his head. Jim was a major pain in his ass at times, a loveable pain in the ass, but still a pain. He didn't know what he would do with that kid, who would always be a kid to him regardless of his age. "I know," Pike replied, thinking back to everything that Jim had gone through. He had gone through hell several times over, and Pike didn't blame him for being so hardheaded. "What did he say to you?" "You know Kirk. He was his normal self. He doesn't know when to stop, but I do feel for the man," Barnett admitted as he recalled his conversion with Kirk to Pike. "Do you think he'll be able to find a First Officer?" It was a difficult question to answer, but Pike knew Jim would do anything for this crew. He would give up everything he had for his crew. "I have no doubt that he will," Pike replied with a smile. "He's too stubborn to give up." "This is true." Barnett laughed. "How are you, Christopher? How is the Enterprise? Is everything running okay?" Unable to find the right person to fill in as Captain of the Enterprise, Pike had stepped in. Despite the ship running smoothly under his command, Starfleet was still looking for the right person for the post. After all the past weeks and now months of searching, they still hadn't found the one, and though Pike kept repeating he was too old for the job, he would hold it until one is found. However, he had to admit that he was enjoying himself. Though he had had enough of the Captain's life, it was nice to sit in the chair. "It's running smoothly," he replied, overlooking a few bumps in the road. "Is it? Why don't I believe you?" he asked with a hint of a smile. "Don't make me hurt you with my cane," Pike said, waving his cane. Though it was impossible for Pike to hit Barnett, his threating glare could scare anyone. Barnett shook his head. "Relax, Christopher. It's just a joke, but I'm glad that things are well. I was worried about Commander Spock and his ability to stay focused after everything that happened. He seemed off, even for a Vulcan." Pike took a deep breath as he lowered his cane. Spock was a complicated problem that Pike had been trying to figure out. Even though the quality of the Vulcan's work had not suffered or changed, Spock was more indifferent and distant than he had ever known him. Some of the crew that had known him had mentioned that he become cold. It had been very difficult to reach his First Officer. After finishing his shift, he would quickly leave the Bridge before anyone could start a conversation with him. Those who didn't personally know Spock wouldn't have noticed it, but Pike did. He noticed how distant the Vulcan had become. "He's doing well, hardheaded as always. Never taking a rest." "That can be said about a great deal of people, like yourself and Kirk." The Admiral took a deep breath as he thought about Jim. Even now, Pike was worried about the man who had become a son to him and would do anything to protect him. "I take insult to that," he replied. "I'm not hardheaded." "I see where Kirk gets it from," Barnett dryly replied. "He doesn't get it from me," Pike shot back as he leaned back in his chair. "Anyhow, Admiral Barnett. I enjoyed this chat, but I have to run. We've reached Nibiru's orbit." Pike said, as he narrowed his eyes at Barnett, almost daring him to make a joke about his inability to run. After nearly two years of rehabilitation he could run for a few seconds. A short sprint always left him in pain, forcing him to use a cane at times. It was a great relief when he could finally walk without one. "However, please keep me informed about Captain Kirk." "Don't worry I will. Barnett out," Barnett replied as the screen went dark. Pike let out a sigh as he wondered how Jim was doing. He knew the inability to choose a First Officer was more than Jim being picky. He also knew he couldn't intervene and try to help the young man which wouldn't end well. He needed to let Jim do this on his own, even if he wanted to drop everything to help him. Getting to his feet, the Admiral let out a deep breath as he straightened his shirt. Every day as he prepared himself for his walk to the Bridge, he asked himself why he was doing this. Though there were older captains, Captain Pitts being one of them, Pike would repeat to himself on a daily basis that he was getting too old for the job. It was times like that when he glared down at his damaged leg that made it difficult for him to go on most landing parties. For that, he hated his leg, and silently cursed a long-dead revenge crazy Nero. Leaving the cane, Christopher made his way to the Bridge, ignoring the twitch in his leg. He put on a smile as he walked through the halls, which were pretty much silent with very few officers speaking. Most of the time the only noises besides the occasional conversations about the task at hand, was the quiet hum of the ship's engines. It had been this way since the days of Captain Pitts and no matter how hard Pike tried, it was difficult to break the crew out of their old habits. The Admiral didn't blame them, considering everything they had gone through, but he hated the distance between his crew and him. He hated the silence that followed whenever he stepped into the room. Sitting on the Bridge, the silence was worse, but he doubted that it was all him. He wondered if that had to do something with Spock and his silence. The Vulcan could make anyone nervous as he just stared off without saying a word. It would be amazing if it wasn't so bizarre. His eyes said it all, and it- "Admiral on the bridge!" Returning to reality, Christopher snapped out of his thoughts and faced the crew of the Bridge, who were standing on their feet staring at him. It was a few long seconds of silence before the Admiral stepped forward, scanning them all. He knew why they were all staring at him. They were waiting for him to put them at ease but he felt something in the air, and it took longer for him to get the words out. "At ease," he finally said. "Admiral," Spock said, as he stood and stepped away from the Captain's chair. Pike took a step forward, trying to hide the wobble in his step. "Any readings from Nibiru, Commander?" he asked, eyeing the Vulcan. He was stiff as ever. "There appears to be some volcanic activity on the north end of the planet, but lifeforms have been detected. All other readings are clear," Spock replied in his usual monotone. "It is stable. I have put together a landing party, and it is ready to beam down on your command." Christopher stepped passed Spock toward his chair. He glanced toward Lt. Uhura who was scanning communication waves, looking for any sign of advance intelligence. There wasn't much information on the planet, but from they had learned, the inhabitants were primitive, barely passed the stage of discovering the wheel. "Are you planning to beam down yourself, Mr. Spock?" he asked, taking a P.A.D.D. from Uhura. "I am, Admiral." The Admiral nodded. "Very well. I authorize you to lead a landing party." "I will prepare to leave immediately," Spock replied as he turned to the lift. Pike glanced back and noticed Uhura was trailing behind the Vulcan. "I don't think I have to remind you, Commander, but please, remember the Prime Directive." Though he did not have to worry about Vulcan, he didn't want anyone to play the hero down there. They must not intervene and attempt to save the lives of the natives. Spock glanced back. "It is not needed, Admiral. I am aware of the Prime Directive." Pike knew Spock was the last officer on the Enterprise that needed a reminder, but he couldn't help but think of Jim, who needed every reminder in the world. Jim was a softy at heart, who would do anything and everything possible to save those around him. "Old habits, Spock. You must humor me." "Humor you? It would be illogical to do so, Admiral." He was trying to get some sort of reaction from them. "You're hardheaded. You know that? How did I get stuck with you as a First Officer?" he asked, taking his seat. Though he was not looking, he could feel the shocked expressions of the crew. It was the first real response he got after months of being formal. Spock turned back, still his stoic self. Uhura remained at the lift, her eyes following Spock. "If you wished for my transfer, I will-" Pike let out a harsh sigh, silencing the room. "I was joking, Commander…" Pike glanced at his First Officer, meeting his eyes. "But do remind the rest of the landing party of the Prime Directive. With the increased volcanic activity, someone might get a stupid idea. If that volcano erupts, immediately return to the ship. We're only observing. Nothing more." If it was Jim, he knew he would have a serious problem. He could just imagine the wheels turning in the Jim's head, and the hidden smile behind the blue eyes. "Aye, Sir." Pike watched as Spock turned and entered the turbo lift with Uhura following him. What am I going to do with that Vulcan? the Admiral thought. There wasn't much he could say to Spock as the Vulcan was performing all of his tasks and there were no complaints. He then wondered what he was doing as he realized that he was going to call out a Vulcan for being cold… for behaving like any other Vulcan. "Sulu, keep the ship in a steady orbit," he commanded as he stared out into the viewing window, the planet below the ship. "Aye, Sir." *O*O* Uhura had a difficult time keeping up with Spock, who was heading straight to the transporter. "Commander," she yelled, getting a better response with his title than his name. Spock stopped and turned slightly to Uhura. "We are in a hurry, Lieutenant. We must observe and collect samples from the planet's surface before the volcano erupts." "And you're going to let that species die?" she asked, surprised. He gave her a look before he turned away. "We are not to interfere." Uhura let out a sigh as she followed after him. "That isn't what Kirk would say," she said, hesitation in her voice. Spock stopped suddenly but did not turn back to her. He was stiff as ever, looking more like a statue. "It does not matter if Captain Kirk would agree with the orders or not," he replied. "We must not break the Prime Directive." The Lieutenant gave him a look, but she didn't disagree no matter how much she wanted ignore Starfleet protocols. Everyone knew the consequences if the volcano erupted on Nibiru. Countless lives would be lost. She knew what they had to do, but there was the question of was it was moral. "Spock," she called, as he continued to the transporter room. "Spock," she called again, "You know Admiral Pike was joking, right?" The Commander didn't stop, forcing the Lieutenant to chase after him. "You're being foolish." He glanced back at her. "Jests are not important and there are other things that require my attention," he coldly replied. He turned back and continued walking. "As you do you," he added. Uhura let out a sigh, barely able to keep up with him. "You need to stop taking things too personally. It was a joke." "Why are you under the assumption that I am distraught? I am not. To be upset over a trivial jest would be illogical and a misuse of my time," Spock replied as they arrived outside of the transporter room. "Spock," she yelled in frustration. "Why do you have to be so stubborn? Why can't you ever admit that you're hurting? How can you ever expect to get over anything if you never admit that you're feeling anything? You need to talk and let it out, or it is going to eat you alive," she ranted. He turned back to her, and for a few seconds, he just stared at the communication officer. "You are under the impression that I need to discuss my emotions, but I do not as there is nothing to discuss. There is nothing for me to "let out" as you keep claiming I do. You conveniently forget that I am Vulcan," he replied, turning to the transporter room. Uhura clenched her jaw as the door to the transporter room opened. She followed Spock trying to get him to show some kind of emotion, "And you forget you are also half human!" Spock glared at her with a cold Vulcan stare that made her take a step back, before he crossed to the Security officers behind the control panel. He ignored the looks the crew was giving him and gave the Engineer behind the panel the list of coordinates where the landing crew would beam down. He gave her one last look of warning before he stepped to the transporter pad where the rest of the landing party was waiting. "Lieutenant Uhura, you should return to your post," he stoically said, not looking at her. "We have all the information that we require for the landing party." Uhura scanned the room, silently counting the number of people in the room, as she decided how she should respond. With a deep breath, she replied, "Very well. I'll give my report to Admiral Pike," she said as she turned to the door. Just as the door opened, the landing party disappeared in bright lights, leaving Uhura to her frustration about Spock. Maybe, she should give up trying to reach him because every attempt she made had failed. At this rate, she was going to go insane before Spock would ever admit that he was feeling something. She understood his hesitation in admitting that he was upset, but he needed to let someone in. He needed to speak his mind, even if everything in his mind was fighting him. *O*O* "A date? So that is what you're calling these sessions?" Jim let out a chuckle as he leaned back in his chair, looking up at the ceiling. "That's what they are, aren't they?" he asked, with smile. "It's a day on the calendar that we prearrange. It's where we talk, have coffee and stuff. Isn't that what these young kids are calling it these days?" Dr. Jones gave him a smile, though it was clear that he didn't find the joke all that funny. "Yes, I guess you can call this a date on a calendar, but I wouldn't consider this a real date. I doubt anyone would consider this a date, Kirk, and if so, this would be a very boring date. I know I would be a horrible date." "I would suppose so," Jim replied, closing eyes. "When was the last time you were on an actual date with someone you liked?" Jones asked, his eyes studying him. Jim sighed as he glanced at the therapist. He couldn't remember when his last date was or the last time he checked someone out, but why now did the Doctor ask him about his dates? Why was it important for him to know? Who the hell cared when the last time he had been on a date? "Why are you asking, Doctor? Hoping for me to give you some pointers? Trying to hook me up with someone?" "No, just trying to get a read on you today, Captain. You seemed to be bothered by something." It was a trick question as there were a great many things that were bothering him at the moment, but there were also a lot of things he didn't want to talk about. Heck, he didn't know how he felt about most of it. Despite the Doctor repeatedly saying that he could talk about anything and their meetings were confidential, he wanted to figure it out first on his own. "I'm a Captain. It's a part of the job," he said, putting on a smile. "How are you handing the stress?" Jones asked. It wasn't the stress that was getting to Jim. The twenty-four hour a day demands of a Captain he could handle with no problem. It was the mental stuff while he was off-duty that gave Jim a run for his money. He always had issues dealing with his emotions, but now the trouble was nearly constant. He didn't want to think about his inability to keep a First Officer. He didn't want to think about the strange feelings that rose inside of him when he accidently touched Saavik's hand. He didn't want to talk about it. It made him consider the fact that he could always have her transferred and replaced with a non-Vulcan officer. He had considered that only to realize that as a Captain he had to prove he could work with many different species, which included Vulcans. And it wasn't like he needed to talk about it. He wasn't unstable as he had been before. "Good," he uttered. Jones leaned forward in his chair, eyeing him. "Does that mean you found a First Officer?" he asked, hopeful. Jim snorted as he leaned back in his chair again. "Me a First Officer? Yea, right," he replied with a deep sigh. He knew it was a lost cause as the position was cursed. Had he done something stupid like piss off some wizard? "What happened? I thought you found the perfect one?" The Captain clenched his jaw as he glared at the ceiling, thinking back to the last officer in that post. He had been the worse First Officer yet. The argument he had with him over who should be allowed to go on landing parties had been the final straw. Yet, as he thought about it, he wondered if it was all in his head. He knew that he wasn't the best judge of character at the moment. The nightmares were a constant reminder of his lapse in judgment. "No, he kept looking at me funny." Jones raised an eye to that. "Looking at you funny?" he asked. "How did he look at you funny? Were his eyes big? He wouldn't stop giving you the stink eye? Tell me." "It's stupid. Never mind," he replied as he slowly got out the chair. He made his way to the window, feeling like a total idiot for mentioning that. "No, it isn't. Talk to me." Jim was frustrated and now he was sick of talking. He just wanted to disappear into space and explore the unknown without a thought of his past. He wanted to move past that event in his life, but it was turning out to be harder than he expected. "You know I was thinking about picking Scotty to be my First Officer." The therapist gave the Captain a look, clearly not buying Jim's change in tone, but did not call him on it. "Thinking?" he asked. Putting his hands on the railing of the window, Jim rested his forehead against the cold glass. Whenever he stood at this particular window, he couldn't help but play his favorite game of people watching. His favorite targets were couples. The ones he saw holding hands made his heart skip a beat. "Yea." "That was a loaded answer." Jim took a deep breath, "I don't want him to hate the post and run away. Then, there are the times when I think the post is cursed." "For some reason, I think it'll be difficult to scare Commander Scott away. He doesn't seem like the type to give up. After all, he was one of two of that command crew that did believe in you the entire time." Jim focused on a couple by a bench. They were standing close, holding hands, but he wasn't looking at their hands. He focused on their faces as they stared at each other's eyes. It was like the other was their whole world, and he missed that. He wanted that. "But you know me." "So we're at this again." At the answer he turned to face the Doctor. "At what again?" "Self-doubt. Self-blaming," Jones replied, staring at Jim. Jim knew he did it, but couldn't help feeling insulted. He hated that he did it and didn't know how to stop. Slowly he was getting better. He wasn't as negative as he had been last year, and now he was able to occasionally enjoy himself. Sitting in the Captain's chair on the Providence had turned his whole outlook around, and now he was happy to wake up and do this job. He was happy to be talking to people, even with his self-blaming kicking in at times. "Hey, everyone does it. Not just me." "This is true," Jones replied. "But I am your therapist, Kirk, and to be frank, I don't care about anyone else." "I thought you doctors swore to 'First do no harm.'" Jones laughed as he shook his head. "No, they don't. That isn't even in the oath, and besides, my race doesn't swear to that," he replied as his tail swung behind him. Jim narrowed his eyes. "So what does your race swear to?" "That's a long story for another session, Captain. We only have a few minutes left, and you still haven't given me a good reason why Commander Scott would not make a good First Officer." Jim glanced up at the clock on the wall. The clock in and of itself was interesting as was an old clock that used hands that pointed to numbers. It fit right in with the paper books and the rest of the old-fashioned items in the office. "He will hate the post," he quietly replied. "Says who?" "He once said he had no desire to leave Engineering. You should see how excited he gets when he gets to put in his own upgrades." Jones gave him another look. "So you don't have any real reason why he wouldn't make a good First Officer? And people change. How would you know he would not want the position now? Did you ask him?" Jim groaned. Why did Jones have to be so logical about this? Why did he have to point out all of the flaws in his thinking? Sometimes, he liked his flawed thinking. "He…offered. Or rather, he asked me to consider him for the post," he slowly replied, as he looked away. Jones smiled softly. "But yet, you think he does not want the post?" "He will hate it," he replied back. "Or he may love it." "Or hate it." "Or love it." Jim narrowed his eyes at him. "Are we playing games now? Keep in mind that if we are, I will so win," he said as he flashed his smile. No one could deny that Captain Kirk had a beautiful smile that could melt anyone. "You're probably right, but give the Commander a proper consideration. He deserves that, even if you decide that he is not right for the post." The Captain puffed again as he made his way to the door. He knew Jones was right, but he didn't want to think about it anymore. He wanted to get his mind off his lack of a First Officer for now and take a few minutes to breathe. "I will, Doctor Jones." *O*O* "How was the visit with Joanna?" Jim asked as he walked with Dr. McCoy through Starfleet Headquarters. They were on their way to the transporter room, making their way back to the Providence. McCoy glanced at his Captain from the corner of his eyes, studying him. Jim was wearing his dress uniform and spinning his service cap on his index finger. His eyes were focused on the cap, barely looking forward. "Great. Wouldn't stop asking about you, but it was a nice visit. She's growing too fast for my own liking though. Soon she'll be dating, and I don't think I can handle that." "I think I hear wedding bells!" He joked, being as dramatic as he could. "Soon, she'll have kids and you'll be Grandpa Bones," Jim replied mindlessly with a smile. "Urgh, stop! I don't want that image in my head. She's my little girl! She'll never be old enough to date," he protested. Jim laughed, almost dropping his cap, and nearly tripped as he tried to regain control of it. "Sounds like a protective father. Do you have a phaser ready to defend her honor?" he asked with a chuckle. "Honor?" he repeated, almost whining. "Don't say that. Urgh." Jim laughed again. "But that's where all the fun is." McCoy narrowed his eyes at his best friend, holding back his glare. "You just like being a jerk." "And you like being an ass," Jim said, staring at the hat again. Bones didn't speak right away and simply stared at Jim for a few silent seconds. He was focused on the weird expression on Jim's face. It was a mixture of emotions, none of which Bones could read. "So you had a meeting with the Admirals?" he asked, changing the subject. He didn't want to deal with the idea of his daughter dating and having kids of her own. Jim's face scrunched up, but he kept his focus on his cap. "I did." "And?" "And we have a new assignment." McCoy knew it was more than that, and he wasn't afraid to push Jim harder. "I know it's more than that." "Same old, same old, Bones," Jim said as he stopped swirling the cap. "And trust me, you don't want to know. It will bore you to death" "Bugging you about not having First Officer?" Bones pushed. Jim glanced at him, as he put the hat on his head, taking a few moments to make sure it was secure. "One of many things," Jim replied. "Nothing to worry about, Bones." "You look like you have a lot on your mind." "Well, I am a Captain, and we Captains have a lot on our minds," Jim replied with a smile. Purposefully, he cracked his knuckles in front of him, picking up his speed. Bones gave Jim a look, clearly annoyed with Jim's side-stepping. "Do you know how hardheaded you are?" he asked, arriving outside of the transporter room. "You drive me crazy. I wonder how I still have a mind with you around, not to mention all my hair you're going to prematurely turn grey." Jim smiled as he walked passed McCoy into the transporter room. "I wonder that all of the time, Bones." McCoy knew something was up, and it had a lot to do with that meeting. He knew that if he pushed any harder, he could possible push Jim too far. "Hey now," Bones replied, pretending to be hurt as he followed Jim into the room. *O*O* Jim let out a sigh of relief as he stepped off transporter pad on the Providence. There was something about this ship that instantly relaxed Jim, and each step brought a smile to his face. It was more relaxing than anything else that Jim had ever come across. "Home sweet home," Jim smiled. Bones followed, still eyeing his best friend. He could see Jim's body relax as soon as they beamed aboard. "Captain," Scotty called as he stepped out from behind the control panel. "How was the trip? Any pretty lasses?" he asked with a smile on his face. After eyeing Jim's formal uniform, he added, "A meeting with the Admirals?" Jim put on a fake smile, knowing what the Commander was referring to. It was what Jim wanted everyone to think, which was why he said the word 'date.' He wanted, needed, everyone to think that he had finally returned to having numerous dates every time he went planet-side, despite being barely able to stomach the idea of dating anyone. The thought of opening himself up terrified him to the point that it made him sick to his stomach. What if he got hurt again? With a smile still on his face, Jim replied, "We got a new assignment. We head out in a few hours or as sooner if possible." "Sir?" Scotty replied, confusion present on his face. Jim didn't have to look back at Leonard to know that he was staring at him. Even after everything that happened, Bones still knew Jim like the back of his hand and could read him like a book. The good Doctor knew the many different masks that Jim wore. There was no doubt that McCoy knew what he was thinking now, and he knew Bones would bug him about it when they were alone. However, Jim didn't have time to think about what was going on in his best friend's mind. He had been surprised when he learned about the mission as he hadn't expected to receive one so soon after his lecture about finding a First Officer. It had been a nice surprise, despite the details being a bit stretchy. "The outpost in sector ten has gone silent and they want us to check it out." Bones stepped to the side to get a better look at Jim. "Stretchy?" "I had sent the mission's logs to both of your P.A.D.D.s," Jim replied as he stared at Scotty, not answering McCoy. Everything that Jones had said earlier all popped back into his head. Jones was correct that there was no reason why Scott couldn't be his First Officer. He would do a fine job if Jim gave it to him, and there was no doubt it wouldn't destroy his friendship with the Engineer. "I had seen it, Sir, but I haven't had the chance to read it yet," Scotty replied, as he glanced toward his P.A.D.D. sitting on the control panel for the transporter. Flashing back to when his Chief Engineer had asked about taking the post, Jim had to admit that the Commander could handle it, as he had already shown that he could manage the paperwork. What did he have to lose by giving Scott the post? He could always say the post was cursed, but deep down he knew it was more of his lack of desire to make it work with a First Officer, even if he denied it to everyone. "If you want to by my First Officer, Scotty, you must read these things," he said, smiling. The Commander's face lit up like a Christmas tree, and it warmed Jim's soul to see it. It made him wonder why he was ever worried in the first place. "Captain, really?" "Come on, Scotty. I don't know why I didn't see it sooner, but you're only one for the post," he said with a smile as he crossed to the Commander. He grabbed Scotty by the shoulder and lightly shook it. "Don't leave me hanging. Tell me you will do it!" With every passing second, Scotty's accent became heavier in his excitement. "I will, Jim, and I will be the best First Officer ever!" he said, pulling Jim to into a half hug. "Just you wait." Jim couldn't get over how excited Scotty was for the post, and could hardly believe that he almost passed this man over. After seeing how happy his new First Officer was, Jim couldn't remember why he was worried in the first place. It was time to move forward, time to stop comparing everything to the past. "You better." "I shall, Captain," Scotty replied, his accent extremely heavy. "And I'll start lookin' for a replacement for Chief Engineer as soon as possible! Don't worry about it, Captain. He…Or she." He added as if an afterthought, "Will be the best there is. You can count on me!" The Captain laughed, thinking of how odd it would be for Scotty to be his First Officer. Scotty was completely different than Spock. There was no doubt it would be hard at first, especially not having the best Engineer in the engine room, but he could trust Scotty unlike the others. "I don't think there's anyone better than you, so that might be a little tricky," he teased. Scotty let go of Jim and turned from him. His focused changed to the door as if he suddenly remembered that he had something important to do. Jim could see the gears turning in his mind. "Scotty," Kirk called, trying to get his attention, but the man did not respond. "Scotty?" "Don't worry, Captain! I'll find one. Mark my words, Sir. Mark my words!" his new First Officer replied quickly, making his way to the door. McCoy had trouble controlling his laugher as he watched Scotty leave the transporter room in a hurry. "I think you made that Man's year," he replied with a smile as he turned to his friend. Jim was shocked. He hadn't thought that Scotty would be that excited about the new post. "I know. You would think he just nailed picking the next Miss Galaxy." "No, that's your dream," McCoy automatically replied. A few months ago, the comment would have stung, but now he could feel pieces of his old self returning. It was the piece that belonged to his sense of humor, where he could freely trade jokes with his best friend. "Hey, there's nothing wrong with that. Have you seen the latest Miss Galaxy?" he replied with a laugh. "I have, but she isn't my type. I'm not into tails," he replied. "Trust me. Tails are amazing in bed," Jim said, turning toward the door. Bones shook his head with a deep sigh. "I'm just going to take your word for it," he responded as he followed Jim out of the room. It was after the door slid closed behind them that McCoy spoke again. "Are you okay, Jim? With everything? With Scotty being your First Officer?" he asked. "I never thought Scotty would be this energetic. He's giving Chekov a run for his money," Jim answered, rubbing his forehead. He didn't know if it was in his head, but he could still hear that Scottish accent echoing in the halls. "I don't know if I can handle that." "Well you better," McCoy replied as he turned toward the Medical Bay. "Because you are all I can handle for now," he added with a chuckle. "I can't handle anymore insanity." Kirk paused before he let out a chuckle. "Then you took the wrong post, because this ship has a ton of crazy on it," he replied with a smile as he followed after his Chief Medical Officer. "Except that Science Officer of yours," Bones muttered. "She's all logic and cold. Stupid hobgoblins." To most the remark would have been an insult, but it was a joke coming from the Doctor. Although Jim would 'lecture' McCoy, it brought a smile to his face. "Now, Doctor. That isn't very nice," he jokingly admonished him. "Stupid logic. Always having something to say or add." Turning serious, Jim gave McCoy a look. "But to be honest, we need some logic, and you can't fault her for that." His best friend gave him an incredulous look. "I have to give it to you on that, because you're always doing stupid shit. However, just because something is logical, doesn't make it right." Rubbing his temple, Jim sighed, because Bones was right in both regards. He was always following his gut, always doing stupid things, but he always knew what he was doing. Unlike what everyone thought, Jim wasn't completely stupid. He was smart and calculating. Yes, he took risks, but they were calculated ones. He never took a risk without knowing all the details, and though each risk was dangerous, he knew what he was doing was right. "Oh, I know, but hey, my plans always work." McCoy let out a loud laugh. "I don't know how." "Though I'll admit that sometimes I do need some logic thrown at me," he replied, thinking back to all of those times that Spock argued with him. He had lost count of the number of the times he fought with his former First Officer, who never seemed to agree with his risky plans. "Lieutenant Saavik is good for that." "…What is with you and Vulcans?" McCoy replied, still making his way to the medical bay. "You're like catnip or something to them," he added. Jim stopped suddenly as his mind started to race. "What?" he asked, barely able to speak. What the hell did Bones mean by that? Catnip? "I think it's because I spent too much time with Mr. Spock," McCoy said, not noticing that Jim was no longer following him. It wasn't until he didn't hear a response that the Doctor turned around. "Jim?" he uttered, staring at his friend. "What you talking about?" Jim asked. McCoy gave him a look before he turned away. "Just forget about it," he whispered. "McCoy," Jim called, now irritated. Despite his annoyance, he didn't mean for it come out like an order. He didn't know what it was, but McCoy had touched something with that comment. Jim wasn't sure what he was feeling, but something had stirred deep inside him. With a sigh, the Doctor turned and stepped back to Jim. He put his hand on Jim's shoulder and squeezed, giving his best friend a weak smile. "Jim," he spoke, softly. "Come one, Bones. Just say it. I've never known you to hold your tongue, and I hate it when you do." McCoy let go of his best friend's shoulder, but before he could speak, Lieutenant Saavik came into sight as she rounded a corner. Her eyes went straight to Jim, and McCoy could only stare at the two. "And looks who shows up," McCoy muttered softly to himself, though Jim heard it clearly. "Lieutenant Saavik," Jim greeted as he turned away from McCoy. "Sir," she replied as stoic as ever. Her left arm was folded behind her back, while her right arm was at her side with a P.A.D.D. in her hand. For a split second, her eyes flashed to the Doctor before her attention was back on her Captain. "Have you had the opportunity to read over those specs I sent you, Captain?" He sighed as he looked at her. "No, I have not, but we can discuss it later. Right now, we have a new assignment." Saavik tucked the P.A.D.D. behind her back. "A new assignment, Captain?" "Yes, I'll be briefing everyone once we leave the dock, but you can send those specs to Commander Scott as well," Jim said. "Sir?" she asked, stepping her step forward. "I do not understand. Commander Scott is not-" "He's the Providence's new First Officer, so any important information should be sent to him as well," Jim replied, interrupting her. Scotty being promoted to First Officer hadn't been made official yet, the paperwork was not complete, but Jim thought it was best to start including the Commander. He had to get used to all of the paperwork that he would be completing. Saavik held a blank expression on her face as she stood perfectly still. "Very well, Sir." Bones stared at the two of them before he turned. "I'll start preparing the medical bay in case there's anyone injured at that outpost," he replied, not liking the silence. He glanced at her one last time before he left the two of them alone. Jim eyed McCoy as he left, still feeling uneasy. He had no idea what Bones was hinting at, but it wasn't important at the moment. He had other things to worry about. "I'll need you to be prepared as well." "Yes, Captain," she replied, her eyes focused on him. "I'll read those reports as soon as I have a moment," Jim replied. He knew the reports that Saavik had prepared were important, because whatever had immobilized their warp core could return. Their next encounter could be deadly. The Vulcan nodded. "Very well, Sir, and I will prepare the labs for any new samples that might arrive as well." "Thank you, Saavik," he said, dismissing her. She stared at him for a second before taking her leave. It was unnerving as it felt like she had been staring into his soul. It was the same way that Spock used to look at him. Was it a Vulcan thing? Perhaps it was since Selek did as well. He didn't know what to make of it. Jim didn't have time to think about that as he was the Captain of the Providence. He had a mission to complete, which required all of his focus. He knew there could be people on that outpost that were injured, and he had to save them. It was what Starfleet was all about: protecting and observing new ways of life, because all life was important. The End for now. SO how long do you think Scotty would last in that Position? Is it really curse?
Hey all. I am sorry that it took me soo long. I seem to write block when it comes to this Story. However, here you go. I hope you like it. And same copy right applies. I do not own or many any money from this. I did use some lines from the movie in this, but I reworked them. Also, thanks to my Beta who proofed this for me. Chapter 3: Growing Pains Flames licked Captain Kirk's skin just as he and a few other officers were beamed aboard from the base in Sector Ten. The entire structure was imploding as it sent unnatural flames high into the blackened sky. Walls and ceilings crumbled and fell as it began to collapse in upon itself. By the time the Providence had arrived, it was too late to save the base, and some might even say that it was too late to save the officers trapped inside. Nearly everyone in Starfleet knew that Captain Kirk wasn't a fan of the word impossible, and he wasn't willing to give up. Yet, Jim knew he should've come up with a better plan then to just beam down and try to save as many people as possible. Sure, they had saved quite a few people already, but they had taken damage to themselves and the ship. No one from his ship had been killed, but the damage was clear. It was like each injury to his crew was his own, as he felt every blow. Jim realized he wouldn't change a thing because he lived to save lives. When everyone reappeared on the transporter pad, Jim released a breath that he didn't know that he had been holding. If anyone were to ask he would deny it outright, but inwardly he was scared shitless as he waited to be beamed up. For a few long seconds, he wondered if he had risked too much this time. His crew, including himself, almost didn't make it back to the Providence with the unnatural flames, and that wasn't something he was comfortable with. His plan was the best option and it saved the most lives, but maybe it had been too risky. Snapping back to reality by the shooting pain in his arms and side, Jim forced himself to feet and glanced around the room. He was a part of the last group to beam up, and it seemed like everyone in this group had some kind of injury. Cursing the pain running up his left side and down both his arms, he checked with each person on the transporter pad before he made his way to the engineer behind the control panel. "Ensign," he called, putting on his best Captain's face. It was difficult with the pain, but he didn't want anyone to see how much he was hurting. He was the Captain and he needed to be strong for his entire crew. The Ensign looked up. "Yes, Captain." "Are we moving yet?" he asked. He had ordered Scotty to warp out of the region once everyone was on board, but he could feel the ship wasn't moving. There was something deep in his gut that was telling him something was very wrong with his ship. His instincts were never wrong. The red shirt looked a little bit scared as he spoke to his Captain. "No, Sir. We're still in Obit." Jim wanted to curse and yell, but that would only make the situation worse. He couldn't let his pain overwhelm him and turn him into a beast or worse…a crybaby. That wouldn't be good for anyone. "Make sure each person here makes it to the Medical bay," he ordered. "I want everyone to get checked out." "Yes, Sir." "I'm heading to the Bridge," Kirk said. He didn't wait for a response as he rushed out of the room, heading to the bridge. His mind was running a dozen different scenarios as to why the Providence hadn't left orbit. Was there something wrong? Did Scotty see something that he didn't like? Jim wasn't sure, but he was going to find out. With each passing second, the pain in his side was growing. He hoped that he could fight the pain off long enough to find the answer. *O*O* When Jim stepped onto the Bridge, the pain was nearly overwhelming, and it took everything he had to keep upright. Along the way, Jim had found a random black undershirt and pulled it over his head, not wanting to walk onto the bridge with visible burns on his arms and side. That was one image that he didn't want his crew to see, and it wouldn't help anyone if theCaptain came in covered in burns. Putting on the best face that he could manage, he stepped on the bridge, and for the first time he wasn't greeted with happy faces. Instead of a smiling crew being led by his First Officer, he was met by a loud alarm and a flashing red light. Instead of Scotty in the Captain's chair, it was the young Russian Navigator, who was shouting out orders in a very heavy accent. Despite his accent and the noise from the alarms, the bridge crew understood everything that Chekov was saying as they shouted their responses back. Jim forced himself to take a deep breath as he eyed the chaotic scene in front of him. He pushed aside his anger at his missing First Officer, as he had to take control of his situation and figure out what the hell was happening. "Chekov, report!" he yelled, louder than that alarm. "And someone silence that alarm!" An Ensign from the one of the back panels turned to Kirk with wide eyes. "I'm trying, Sir," he said. "Try manually disconnecting the internal-" Jim started to say, but he never finished as a huge tremor rocketed through the ship. Everyone not sitting had been sent falling to the ground, and Jim barely missed hitting his head on one of the displays. As everyone seemed to be in some kind of daze and were slow in getting to their feet, Jim could feel his panic growing. For a moment he was grateful for the searing pain that now was impacting his entire body, as it was the only thing keeping him alert. "Chekov!" the Captain yelled, as he glanced around the room. "Kaptain," the Russian responded. His voice was soft, and his eyes were in a daze. There was blood from his hairline running down his face. Though no words left Jim's lips, inwardly he was swearing like a pirate. "Is everyone okay?" he finally asked, his eyes not leaving his Navigator. Granted all of his crew meant something to him, but the idea of Chekov hurt didn't sit well with him. The Russian was important to him. He could hear the cries of his crew as they responded to his question. He could tell that some of them were in pain, but he had a ship to Captain. "Someone escort Ensign Chekov to the Medical Bay." The unsteady Russian shot to his feet, using one the panels for support. "No, Kaptain. I am needed here!" Jim could see the determination in his eyes, and he found himself struggling to order Chekov off the Bridge. Did he have the right to order the Navigator off the Bridge when he was in greater pain? It was Jim who was struggling to stay on his feet and think clearly, but that was different. He was the goddamn Captain, and this was where he belonged. "Fine, but someone tell me what the hell is going on?! Where are Lieutenant Saavik and Commander Scott?" he demanded. Chekov winced in pain as he took a step to one of panels. He ran his fingers over the display, bringing up the ships' cores. Taking a quick glance over the diagram, Jim knew it didn't take an engineer to see something was wrong with the cores. "Somebody explain what is causing this," he yelled as another tremor rocketed through the ship. He wondered if the tremors were coming more from his own body than from the ship. The Russian looked at him. "Ve are experiencing a disruption in the Cores, Sir." Upon hearing that, he didn't need to be told where Saavik and Scotty had disappeared to. The pair were in Engineering, trying to stabilize the cores. Wincing as the pain nearly blinded him, he swallowed his raging nausea as he knew that stabilizing the cores took top priority. If the cores ruptured, there would be nothing that could be done to save the ship short of ejecting them. The crew would be left adrift in a nearly dead ship, surviving on impulse engines, or killed in the blast. Jim couldn't stop himself from cursing again. "I assume we're now caught in the planet's gravity?" he asked, moving to his seat. The pain was increasing and black spots were starting to cloud his vision. "Yes, Sir." It took everything Jim had not to let a sigh of relief when he sat in his Chair. "Everyone get buckled in," he ordered, knowing this was going to be a very bumpy ride. "Reroute all nonessential power to the thrusters," he yelled. "Yes, Sir." "And someone get me Commander Scott on the conn," he demanded. If it wasn't for the fact that he was buckled in, Jim had no doubt that he would be struggling to stay upright in his seat. He knew McCoy was going to have a field day once he saw him, but he would worry about that later. "Captain," Scotty said, his voice echoing throughout the Bridge a few moments later. It was impossible to miss the worried tones in his voice. Jim could tell he was panicking. "Report," Jim ordered, feeling another tremor. There was a pause before the Chief Engineer answered. "…Sir, it ain't lookin' good. It appears that abnormality is back," he said. "Saavik is searchin' for the source of the electro wave as we speak." Jim fought back a growl. What the hell was happening to his ship? What the hell was this thing? Why did it keep following him? Jim wasn't sure the reason, but he wasn't willing to losing the Providence and the crew so soon. He blinked as his rage nearly equaled his pain. He swallowed and tried to ignore both of them. He had to think of his crew, who were more important than anyone else. He had to get them to safety, though he doubted that they would be able to get all of the wounded out in time. "Find it now, Scotty." "Aye, Sir. Don't worry. I won't let anything happen to this beauty." The Captain smiled slightly. "That's what I wanted to hear." The line went silent after that, leaving Jim to deal with every eye on him. "Let's go down to work. And someone shut off that alarm." His ears were ringing. *O*O* Admiral Pike was beyond angry and was ready to kill someone, namely a certain green-blooded Vulcan. He never expected Spock, out of all the officers on the Enterprise, to disobey a direct order and he didn't know how to deal with it. Seriously, how does a Vulcan even break a direct order? He had never known Spock to act this irrationally, until he had met Jim. He didn't know what it was about James T. Kirk, but he brought out the fight in everyone. For that, the Admiral blamed Kirk. "Commander, what the hell do you think you're doing? Did you forget the Prime Directive?" Pike hollered into the communicator. Spock didn't answer right away, taking a few seconds to answer. "I am aware of the Prime Directive, Admiral, and I shall not break it." "And how are you going to do that?" he asked, still trying to figure how Spock got into the volcano in the first place. How the hell did he get into that heat resistant suit without him noticing? Pike wasn't sure, but he was going to have words with his First Officer, who might become his former First Officer in the next few minutes. "We can't use the transporters to get you out of there." Again, Spock didn't answer right away, and when he did speak, he ignored the question. "I have activated the device, Admiral. When the countdown is complete, the reaction should render the volcano inert." It took a few seconds for everything to click in his head. Spock didn't plan on coming back. What the hell? Pike thought. He was really getting sick of these idiots. "Commander," Pike said, using every ounce of his Admiral's voice. How dare he do this to him? How would explain to Jim that Spock was dead? Killed in a volcano while trying to save the primitive natives on this planet? "We're going to have some words in private once I get you aboard this ship." The line to Spock wasn't clear, and it was getting worse with each passing seconds. It wouldn't be long before the line was completely fried. "The Prime Directive must not be broken." Admiral Pike glanced toward Sulu. "Can we beam him up if we have direct line of sight?" "I don't know that we could maintain that kind of altitude." Sulu replied. "Admiral, my shuttle was concealed by the ash cloud but the Enterprise is too large. If you utilize a rescue effort, it will be revealed to the indigenous species," Spock responded. Oh damn! Was he really going to let Spock die just to follow the Prime Directive? Yes, he knew how important that rule was, and he knew that it could not be broken, even to save the life of a Vulcan. Yet, could he let Spock die? Could he watch the Vulcan die without doing a fucking thing? Could he ever live with himself? How could he ever look Jim in the eyes again? He was no idiot. He knew it would crush him and take his already fragile life dangerously off course. "And you can't use that same shuttle to get out of there?" "No," Spock answered. "It was destroyed when I landed." Pike let out a deep breath as he tried to think of some way to save his hard-headed First Officer. Why didn't anyone listen to him when he gave an order? Why did everyone think they could act just like Jim Kirk and come up with a wild solution that always worked? "Is there a way that we can conceal the Enterprise?" he asked. Sulu rotated, staring at the Admiral. Pike could see he was trying to think of an answer and darkness come over his eyes as he spoke. "No, Sir." The Admiral glanced around the Bridge. "Does anyone have any ideas?" Uhura glanced at him, and Pike could also see the darkness in her eyes, as they all knew this was the end. If Jim had been here, Pike had no doubt that he wouldn't hesitate to break the Prime Directive if it meant saving the lives of his crew. "Commander." The line to the Vulcan was growing worse, and for a second, the Admiral wondered if he had lost him. "Yes, Admiral." "Tell me what you think Captain Kirk would do in this situation?" he asked, feeling every eye turning to him. He could feel the tension growing on the Bridge. "Admiral, I do not understand how your question will help the situation." "Just answer the question, Spock." Yet again, Spock did not answer right away. "Captain Kirk would not allow any of his crewmembers to die without making an attempt to save them, regardless of the risks." "That's what I thought," Pike replied. He knew there had been a few exceptions to the rule, but none of those things applied to this situation. Spock quickly answered. "However, that does not matter here. The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few." Pike felt his blood boil with anger as he listened to Spock. This was the voice of a Vulcan who had given up. This Vulcan-Human hybrid had so much to give to the universe, and he was willing to throw it all away without a second thought. Why? Why the hell would he throw it all away? Was it because of Jim? "You're killing me. You know that?" he asked, not waiting for a response before he turned to Sulu. *O*O* The pain growing in Jim had become so bad that it was nearly impossible for him to move without screaming. At first it had been easy to ignore the stabbing pain. From the abuse at the hands of people from his own family, to the hell called Tarsus IV, to a pair of certain monster Dalenians, his tolerance for pain had grown. Right now, the pain in his side had become a roaring fire. It pulsed with his heart and grew worse with each breath. And yet none of that mattered, because there was nowhere else that Jim needed to be. He was in the Captain, and this was where he belonged. "Bridge to Sickbay," he called, pressing a button on a chair. His voice was strained. It took a few moments for McCoy to answer. "Jim, what are you doing about these tremors?" he demanded. "How fast would it take you to get everyone to an escape pod?" he asked. Abandoning the ship was the last resort, but the cores were unstable, and he didn't know if they could be repaired. McCoy didn't answer right away, and he didn't need to see his best friend's face to know the expression that was there. "Jim." He knew by the sound of the Doctor's voice that it wasn't good. "That isn't what I want to hear," he said, through his teeth. He wondered if McCoy could hear the pain in his voice. "I'm sorry, Jim." Those words were the last thing he wanted to hear. How the hell did he lose this ship so fast? What kind of Captain was he? "It's fine. Just see what you can do and get back to me." "Shall do…But Jim." "Not now, McCoy." There was a long pause. "I want you down in my Medical Bay after this. I want to give you a full medical check. It's not a request. It's an order." Jim snorted. Of course, Bones would say that even though there was a chance they wouldn't make it. "Of course, Bones." He said, as he closed the line. "Kaptain," Chekov called. With a sigh, Kirk glanced at Chekov, wondering if he was cursed. Did he just sentence his crew to death? Did they all hate him? "Yes, Chekov." "I don't knov hov long ve can hold this for." Jim knew it was only a matter of time before gravity took over and they crashed…or the cores exploded. He didn't know which would be first, but he knew either way they were screwed. "Ensign Zola," he called, turning to the communication station. He knew it was too late to call for help, as no one would be able to get here in time. It was protocol that he send Saavik's data and the last shipwide download to Starfleet. He had to make sure that one else suffered the same fate. "Yes, Captain." "Make sure that Starfleet gets the Data File XP2392," he ordered. "Yes, Sir." Jim glanced down at the control panel on this chair. His vision blurred from the pain and chaos, forcing him to use his memories to guide his hands. The Providence wasn't going to last long under the gravitational pull from the planet and the tremors from the cores. If there was one thing he would have entered in his final log was that he was surprised that the Providence held up for so long. There was no doubt that this ship was best of the fleet. Just briefly it reminded him of another impressive ship… the one that had held up against Nero. If he were completely honest with himself, he would have to say that still missed the Enterprise. That ship may be his past, but it made him who he was. With the exception of the time after his nightmare first meeting with the Dalenians, he wouldn't change that time for the world. He would also admit that he missed his old crew. It wasn't to say his new crew wasn't top notch. There was a flow with his former crew that he didn't have yet with his current crew. There hadn't been enough time. And then there was Spock. He still didn't know how he felt about that Vulcan, but there was something in his heart. Something that always flickered when he thought of the Vulcan he had once considered his soulmate. He didn't know what it was, but even now, in the middle of a crisis that could destroy the ship and kill the entire crew, he couldn't stop thinking about Spock. Damn him. "Engineering to Bridge." Shaking out of his thoughts, Jim pressed his fingers to the comm. "Kirk here. Scotty, what do you have for me?" he asked, as he balled his hands. His nails dug into his palms, drawing more blood. "Saavik and I have come up with a plan, Sir." "What is it?" he asked, harshly. There was a pause. "We're unable to stabilize the cores. However, if we eject them, the force of the explosion can free the ship from the gravitational pull of the planet." They had ejected the cores before to escape from Nero and the black hole, but those cores were stable. These were ready to explode at any second. "Can the Providence survive that?" He would have asked about the risks to the crew, but he couldn't do that in front of them. "Sir, if this was any other ship, I would say nye; however, this ship can handle anything. I trust her, Sir." Jim had to admit that he liked Scotty's optimism, but he some part of him still had doubts. He still had trouble trusting anyone. What if Scotty was wrong? What if it killed everyone under his control? Feeling another tremor followed by a near blinding wave of pain, he knew there was no other choice. If they didn't take the chance, people would die. "Lieutenant Saavik," he called. "Yes, Captain," she answered a few seconds later. He wasn't sure why her opinion had become so important to him. Maybe it was because she was a Vulcan like his former First Officer. Maybe it was because he could trust her to give him a logical answer. "You have studied this abnormality before. What is your opinion of this?" "Commander Scott is correct. This is the only course of action I can recommend," she responded. Jim turned to the panel, staring at the screen for a moment. "Do it. Do it now." "Aye, Sir." *O*O* Admiral Pike was staring at his First Officer with every interest of ripping into him. How dare Spock put him in a situation like that? How dare he force his hand like that? How dare he do this to him after everything that he had done for Jim Kirk? It felt like a betrayal. "Commander, what the hell were you thinking?" he asked in his full admiral tone. They were in the Admiral's personal quarters, which at one time had been Captain Kirk's quarters, as Pike didn't want to have this argument where anyone could hear them. He didn't want anyone to hear how livid he was that Spock was willing to throw everything away. He wanted to know why he had been so willing to throw away his career and his life. "You violated the Prime Directive," Spock in a Vulcan monotone. Pike let out a sigh. "It was you who violated the Directive first, Commander. I was merely correcting what you were doing." He narrowed his eyes at Spock, not seeing anything in his First Officer's eyes. It was unnerving. "Starfleet's mandate is to explore and observe, not to interfere." Spock stood perfectly still. Without blinking or looking away, his eyes were drilled into Pike. "Had the mission according to plan, Admiral, the indigenous species would never have been aware of the interference." "That's a technicality." "I am Vulcan, sir. We embrace technicalities." Pike felt himself twitch, because he couldn't believe this was happening. Was he channeling Kirk? "You givin' me attitude, Spock?" "I'm expressing multiple attitudes simultaneously, sir. To which are you referring?" Spock was really driving him crazy, and he didn't know how to respond with anything besides anger. "Enough, Commander. You were wrong," he coldly replied. "You were supposed to survey a planet, not alter its destiny! You violated a dozen Starfleet regulations and almost got everyone on this ship killed, trying to save you." "You could have left me to die." No, I couldn't, Pike countered to himself. It was the last thing that he could have done. "Why did you break protocol?" he asked. It was the one thing that he wanted to know. The Vulcan didn't answer it right away, taking a few moments to speak. His lips twitched as he searched for something say. "As I said before, Admiral, had the mission according to plan, the indigenous species would never have been aware of the interference." Pike's eye was twitching. Spock had just repeated the same excuse word for word. "Do you have any idea what a pain in the ass you are?" Spock was still staring, his lips twitching. "I do not understand how I can be causing pain to your-" Pike gave him a deadly glare. He hated when his First Officer played stupid and acted like he didn't understand what others were saying. In reality, he knew exactly what everyone meant. The Admiral wondered if this all was just a game to him. "Enough! You know what you did, Commander, and I want to know why. I want to know why a Vulcan went against the regulations. Why would someone of your rank and history risk his career? I want the real reason." "My calculations were off." For a moment, Pike wondered if he was hearing things. His calculations were off? At this point he wanted to curse and throttle some sense into him, but he couldn't do that. He was the Captain on this ship and he had to be professional and reasonable at all times. "You joke, but are you aware of what could happen, Spock?" he asked, his voice softening. "You could lose your rank over this. You can be dishonorably discharged." Pike expected some of kind reaction from the Vulcan, but there was nothing. Where there was once life and a sense of curiosity behind his eyes, there was only cold and a sense of defeat. "Spock?" Spock didn't answer right away. Then the look of defeat was gone and replaced by a Vulcan glare that could put fear into anyone. "If that is the price, then I accept it." "No regrets?" "None. I saved lives." There was the answer. Pike now realized what this was about, because he could see a bit of James Kirk in Spock's eyes. This was all about Jim, and the Admiral felt his heart drop. It was always about Jim. "Spock." He uttered. His voice was almost too soft for anyone to hear. "Who decides my fate?" Spock asked, not missing a beat. Christopher couldn't believe what he was seeing. It was as if Spock had just given up living. Pushing up against the desk, he stood and stepped toward the Vulcan. If it had been anyone besides Spock, he would have placed a comforting hand on the Officer's shoulder. "This is about Jim, isn't it?" he asked, already knowing the answer. Unable to hide it from the Admiral's watchful eyes, tension rose in Spock's shoulders. "I fail to see how this has anything to do with Captain Kirk." "Your actions are exactly what Jim would have done." Spock's eyes drilled into him. "I fail to see how that is important?" Pike knew Spock was just as bad as Jim when it came to admitting anything. They were both stubborn as bulls who would never admit it. It made him wonder how the hell those two were ever in a relationship to begin with. Seriously, how the hell did those two work together? He doubted that Jim ever listened to Spock in or out of the bed…. Nope, he thought. He did not want that image in his head. Jim was a son to him, and as any parent would, he didn't want to imagine his 'child' having sex with anyone. "Come on! You can't tell me that Jim leaving hasn't affected you. You can't tell me that you're coping, because I can see how hard this is for you." The Commander's eye twitched. "If you do not believe I can perform my duties, then I will resign right now, Admiral." This was not how Christopher imagined this conversion would go. He didn't want to lose Spock as First Officer, but it couldn't keep going on like this. "That isn't it, Spock, and you know it." "Do I?" Pike let out a sigh. "You know I care about you, right? I care what happens to you." He may not have been as close to Spock as Jim had been, but it didn't mean he was any less important. Spock's eyes narrowed at him. "What will be my fate?" he asked. This conversion was driving the Admiral insane. "There will be a special tribunal, but I am not aware of what else." The Vulcan nodded as he turned toward the door without saying a word. It drove Pike farther up a wall, because there was nothing that he could do. "You can talk to me. I know how it feels to lose someone. I-" Spock froze, but he didn't turn back to the Admiral. His shoulders were stiff and his indifference turned to anger. "I beg your pardon, Admiral," he sneered, as he tried to keep his demeanor. "It seems like you and everyone else will never understand what Captain Kirk means to me. He is not another person, and what happened is not as simple as losing someone. He is my T'hy'la. He is my other half. He completes me. Even now, separated by different ships, space, and Jim's anger, my katra still calls to him. My entire being needs him, and yet, I cannot have him. You do not, cannot, understand how that feels, especially when I have no one else to blame besides myself." Pike stared at him, unable to find his voice. What the hell just happened? Did Spock just admit to feeling something? Did he just reveal what was going on in his head? However, before the Admiral could say anything, the Vulcan left without another word. How was he supposed to respond to that? How was he supposed to help Spock get over this? He wasn't sure, but his First Officer had dug himself a huge hole that Pike wasn't sure he would save him from. *O*O* Despite being in excruciating pain, Jim was smiling as the Providence was pushed free of the gravitational pull. His relief was short-lived as now they could only use impulse power to get back to Earth. Usually, it would take seven hours to get to this sector, but now it would take days, eight if they were lucky, to get home. To make matters worse, the ship had taken some damage from the exploding cores as they ejected them. While the damage wasn't enough to completely disable the ship, they were now vulnerable if they ran into any hostile ship. Shields were at seventy percent, phasers were down, and only half their torpedo tubes were functional. However, Jim knew he should be counting his blessings that Saavik and Scotty kept the disruption to the cores. Life support systems were all functioning, while replicators and air refreshers were at optimal levels. He checked another list. Water and sewage systems are functional, that's a plus. Jim thought as he ran down the list. We'll have to conserve energy everywhere we can. Jim knew what that meant. The rec rooms and holodecks will have to remain offline. The exercise and strength training rooms will have to be closed. Lights in some areas would have to be turned off. He sent a message to Scotty to start designating crew members for repair work. Jim bit down on his lips as he got to his feet. He knew he should go see McCoy, but with some of the people from the station still waiting to be examined, he wasn't going to go down and skip the line. He was going to wait until everyone, including his own crew, was checked before he made his way down to the Medical Bay. Plus, he had to check in with Saavik and Scotty. His new First Officer had mentioned that he wanted to show him something. "Chekov, you have the Conn," Jim said, leaning against the Captain's Chair. He could feel something warm run down his side as he stood, and it didn't take a genius to know what it was. Even in his haze, he knew it was blood. The wounds were now actively bleeding. He could feel the blisters from the burns had opened. He could feel each individual burn and cut rubbing against the material of his clothes. "Yes, Kaptain," the Russian replied. His eyes were studying his Captain. Jim nodded as he turned to the lift. Damn it all, he thought as he forced himself to walk. How the hell did he get this injured? Yes, he knew he had been frequently injured on missions, but Bones was always there to immediately start treatment. Now this time it was different. Since he had taken that first step off the transporter pad and felt the first wave of pain, his entire body felt like he was going to die at any second. When Jim entered the lift, he leaned his head against the cold wall as his hand went to his side. He groaned at the sudden pressure and almost immediately withdrew his hand. He could see the large amount of blood on his hand, and if it wasn't for the black undershirt, he was sure everyone would have noticed it. He knew his crew would have freaked if they had seen the severity of his injuries. The focus would have been taken off saving the ship to make sure he had been treated. This was his new ship. This was his new crew. He had been determined to save both, and if it required him fighting the pain and waiting to see McCoy, then so be it. With a deep sigh, Jim forced himself out of the lift and made his way to the Engineering room. Keeping his head up, he walked down the hall, and though he put a smile on, he made sure to avoid looking at anyone in the face. He had no doubt that his pain was visible to anyone who looked hard enough. Just as the doors to Engineering came into view, Jim stumbled to the side of the hallway and fell hard against the curved wall. Biting his lips and clenching his jaw, he found himself unable to push away from the wall. Every attempt failed, leaving blood smears in the shape of hands on the crisp white walls. He could barely move his arms, and soon, it was only the wall that was keeping him up. The lights blurred together, and he felt something rise to the back of his throat. "Fuck," he thought to himself, staring at the hand print on the wall. Maybe he should have gone to see Bones before making his way down the hall. Now, he was completely alone, bleeding out, and he had no one to blame but himself. This was why Spock was always so mad, because he always did stupid shit like this. The Vulcan knew there was a high chance he would be injured on a mission and would always stop him from pushing himself this hard. Now, he wasn't here to do it anymore. There was no one here to watch him like that Vulcan did, and Jim was starting to wonder if that was a bad thing. I don't need a babysitter…or maybe you do. He thought, fighting with himself. With his back to the wall, Jim slid down the wall to the floor, leaving a blood trail. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He was an idiot. Why did he push himself like this? Bones could have patched him up in no time, but instead he had gone immediately to the bridge. Why? He kept telling himself that he was needed on there because he was the Captain. However, all he- "Captain!" Jim slowly opened his eyes as he forced himself to look up. In front of him was Saavik, and at that moment, she was most beautiful thing in the universe. He didn't know what it was, but he couldn't look away from her. "Saavik." Her dark eyes drilled into him, staring him down. "What were you thinking?" she asked. Her voice was calm, but he could sense something else was there. She had the same tone that Spock had whenever he found him in a state like this. He needed that. "How's my ship?" Her hands hovered above him for a few seconds before she placed it on his shoulders. "Despite recent events, the ship is running at optimum levels. Let-" Jim tried to put on a big smile, as if Saavik couldn't see the blood on the walls. "Good job, Saavik," he replied, as he shakenly rested a hand on her forearm. His head felt dizzy, but he couldn't stop smiling at her. Why shouldn't he be smiling? What was wrong with smiling at her? She was that voice of reason in his head that he needed. Saavik's eyes dropped down to the hand on her arms before she glanced back Jim. "You have lost a lot of blood, Captain," she replied. "I need to alert Doctor McCoy." "No," he uttered, though he wondered why he said that. Maybe, he just wanted to stay like this with her? Her hand gave Jim's shoulder a squeeze as her other hand reached for the communicator in her hand. "I understand, Captain." She said, her voice suddenly turning soft. "However, you are not thinking clearly. I need to alert, Doctor McCoy. Your health is vital to the running of this ship." That was what….What was his name again? Jim wasn't sure anymore. He wasn't even sure if he was still on the Providence. "Just to the ship?" Her lips twitched as she looked to him. "No, Jim." Jim felt his heart race as she put the communicator to her lips. He couldn't hear what she was saying, but when she flipped it closed and put it away, he could spot the worry on her face. Wasn't she Vulcan? Wasn't she supposed to stay focused at all times? Before he could think about it anymore, he felt another hand on his shoulder. He was barely able to look over to see a worried Scottish man. Jim had never seen Scotty look so worried. He didn't understand why any of them were worried. The pain wasn't as bad anymore. He could hardly feel it now. As darkness closed in around his eyes, he could vaguely hear the voice of the Chief Engineer screaming at him. Two sets of strong arms wrapped around him as everything went black a few moments later. Author Note: OH shit. Jim. Maybe, you should have gone to see Bones. And it seems like he is looking at Saavik weird. until Next time.
Hello All! I am sorry about the long wait for this. It took me months to get this chapter to paper. I had a bad case of writing block. Bad case. So please don't kill me! I will try to be better, but I am a horrible update. So here you go! Chapter 4: Mystery of One Self When Jim woke, he was horrified to realize that he was completely alone. He despised the feeling and longed for someone to come in and sit with him. He didn't realize how used he had become to someone sitting at his bedside whenever he found himself in the medical Bay. They didn't have to say anything. They could just sit there, and he would be happy. For a while, it had been Doctor McCoy and Spock, and even if all they did was lecture him, he had to admit it was nice just to have them there. It felt nice to know that there was someone watching over him, protecting him. Shaking his head, Jim pushed himself up into a sitting position, as he looked around. He recognized his private room as he had been in the medical bay so often that Bones felt it necessary for him to have his own room. The Captain in him knew the real reason as they didn't need the crew to panic at the sight of the injured Captain. Granted, Jim was sure him almost dying could and would have done that. Jim could feel the joints in his spine crack as he sat himself up in the bed. He wondered for a moment if his legs were strong enough to support his weight, but remembered that falling on the floor was the least of his worries. Bones would throw a fit if he caught him out of bed, and he would probably hypo him, leaving him to drool on the floor. This time Jim was willing to risk it. As if Bones could read his mind, the good Doctor made his entrance into his room. His eyes were drilling into Jim, seeing his legs over the edge of the bed. "You better get your ass back in that bed, Jim," he said, his accent heavy. "I didn't save your life just for you to kill yourself." Jim let out a chuckle. "Oh, you know me, Bones. I never make it easy." Bones gave him a stern look. "Oh, I do, and we need to talk about that." The Captain let out a sigh, not wanting to hear another lecture from the Doctor. He knew it was coming, and his best friend did have a point, but he wouldn't change a thing. Yes, he may have done some very stupid things, but he was never going to be sorry. He would always be willing to risk his life for crew. "You're going to yell at me, aren't you?" "You bet your ass, I am," he replied. "You gave us all a really good scare!" McCoy was angry. "How did you think you dying would help anyone? Tell me, Jim. Do you ever think anything through?" For a moment Jim wondered if he should feel insulted. Looking into the worried eyes of his best friend, he knew McCoy had a point. "How's the ship?" he asked. Bones gave him a look. "We're heading back on impulse power and that's all I know. Don't ask anyone else because I ordered everyone to give you limited information." He snapped, stepping to him. He ran the medical scanner over his best friend. "Now sit still." Jim left out a harsh sigh. "I am not child," he uttered, annoyed. "And this is my ship." "Then stop acting like one," Leonard replied back, giving him a look. "What were you thinking, Jim?" he asked, as he ran the scanner over Kirk. He narrowed his eyes at the readings on the screen. "Do you realize what would happen if you died? Did you really think about what would happen to the ship?" Jim didn't need nor want to hear this, because he knew exactly what would happen to his ship if he died. After all, he was the Captain. "Scotty can handle the ship." McCoy looked up from the scanner and gave Kirk a nasty look. "Don't make me hurt you." "Yeah, but what would become of that oath you doctors take?" Jim shot back. "You know, first do no harm." The Doctor snorted. "That wasn't the oath I took." Jim let out a harsh sigh, hating where this conversion was heading. He didn't want to fight with Bones, not when he was right. Jim knew he should have gone to the medical bay after beaming aboard. It was extremely stupid to go without medical attention when he was bleeding. It would have helped no one if he had died from blood loss on the bridge. "Are you sure?" he asked, teasing. "No, you have to be, because you would be breaking that oath every time you treated me." "Ha Ha," McCoy mocked. "Very funny, but you're lucky that you haven't driven me to killing you. I could get away with it too, because I can say you drove me to it." "I want to say that no one would believe you, but…" Jim put on a big smile as he pretended to weigh the air in front of him with his hands. "We all know they would. I'm surprised that Pike hasn't killed me yet." McCoy smiled. "You know we have bets to how long it takes Pike to snap and kill you." "So are you winning?" Jim asked, eyeing him as he laid back. "If so, what are you going to win?" The Doctor let out a laughing sigh. "I've already lost," he snorted out. "I thought Pike would have killed you months ago." Jim let out chuckle. "You have little faith." "I just know you too well, Jim." The Captain eyed the Doctor. The man knew him so well that there were times that Jim thought Leonard could read his mind. "So how long have I been out for?" Jim asked, as he stared up at the ceiling. His arms were folded across his chest, as he tried to remember what exactly happened. He wasn't feeling any pain, but his body felt almost alien to him. "Four days," McCoy quietly replied. "It was bad, Jim." He paused, as dread fell on McCoy's face. There was no doubt that the situation was worse than the Doctor was willing to admit. "I can fix a lot of things, but death isn't one of them, and you almost died." Jim could hear McCoy's southern accent become thicker as he spoke. Since the day they met, Jim knew his accent would always get heavier the more emotional he became. "I'm sorry." Something in Bones snapped as he heard those words. "You're sorry? Is that all you have to say?" Anger in the Good Doctor was always a scary thing, and only a fool wouldn't take McCoy seriously when he was like this. Jim took a deep breath, as he struggled with finding the right words. He knew what McCoy wanted him to say. It was the same thing that Spock always wanted to hear. It was funny to think how much Spock and McCoy were alike in that matter, though neither side would ever admit that. However, Jim had no interest in lying to either of them just to tell them what they wanted to hear. He knew he would never change and would always risk his life for this crew. More importantly, they were his family, and he would do anything for his family. McCoy gave him a look like he knew exactly what was going through Kirk's head. "Will you just be careful, then? It's too hard to train a new best friend." Jim let out a snort as he pushed himself up. He was about to swing his leg over the edge, but the look McCoy gave him stopped him. "O, come on. I'm fine." Bones narrowed his eyes at Jim. "You almost died, Jim. You have to rest. No, you need to rest, and as your Chief Medical officer, I can order you to that, which is what I'm doing right now." Jim forced back his groan as he fell back down in bed. "For how long?" "Until we get you back to Earth." "You're killing me." "You're killing me," Leonard replied. "But man up, Jim. It's only four days." Jim could feel his eye twitch, but he knew Bones was correct. As he lay back down in bed, he could feel the muscles in his body protest, and he knew McCoy was right. But right now, he had no interest in sleeping. He never had any interest in sleeping, nor in dreaming. If he could take pills that knocked him out cold, he would. Ever since the terrible attack that shattered his universe, his dreams had been nothing more than nightmares. "Fine, but if Scotty commands this ship into a black hole, it's on you." McCoy let out a sigh. "I think you're confusing him with you." "Ouch," Jim replied, pretending to be hurt as he laid his hand over his heart. "Don't worry, Jim. This ship is in good hands," he replied. Jim knew he was right, which was why he trusted the Chief Engineer who was now his First Officer, but there was something off. Something just didn't feel right. He didn't know what it could be, and it was driving him crazy. Bones smiled. "And you can talk to Saavik while you're up. That Vulcan is like anther Vulcan we know. She likes to hover." He said. "What?" Jim uttered. *O*O* Spock had kept to himself ever since the incident, refusing to acknowledge anyone who tried to talk to him about it. He had no interest in ever addressing it before the special tribunal, which the Vulcan didn't care about. He wasn't worried about the outcome, considering he could lose his rank. He just didn't care one way or another, as it truly did not matter what happened to him. To say that it did would be admitting that he was emotionally compromised, and it was something his Vulcan side refused to do. Wherever he ended up, it would change nothing. As long as his skills were used, it didn't matter where he was located. To a Vulcan, he just needed to be useful. It didn't matter if he was allowed to remain in Starfleet or reduced to working in some private lab. It didn't matter if he was testing human blood samples for iron deficiency or finding the cure to some rare incurable disease, as the only thing he cared about (Besides Jim) was using his brain and showing his worth. Even if it was illogical and shameful to admit, he enjoyed learning. He enjoyed solving complex problems that no others could do. He wouldn't mind spending his career at Starfleet Academy. He had taught a few classes and could admit to himself that he enjoyed it. It might be better if he wasn't stationed on the Enterprise, as everything on this ship reminded him of Jim, making it difficult to function without thinking about his former Captain. Even now after all of this time, he still had not gotten the loud, frustrating, blond haired, blue-eyed Captain out of his mind. There were times when he found himself replaying in his mind every interaction, looking for all the clues that he had missed. There were so many… The Vulcan had been relieved from duty the second the Enterprise's course was set to Earth. Spock wasn't concerned or shocked when Pike informed him, because he expected it. He had broken quite a few regulations and was surprised at how the Admiral reacted, considering he went against orders. Officers had been thrown in the brig for doing less, and he wasn't sure if it was good or bad that he was currently confined to his quarters instead of being under arrest. Instead of worrying about the possible outcome, Spock was focused on a project that he had been working on in the labs. Pike had not completely taken away his access, allowing him to check on the status of his current experiments. He was currently scanning through the data that he collected. It would take him a few days to review the entire amount of information. Focusing on all the statistics allowed him to block out everything around him. He had become so focused that he didn't notice when Uhura had beeped his quarters and entered without permission. He didn't notice her until she was a few feet from him, but Spock didn't flinch when he looked up. He stared for a few seconds as his jaw locked in place, and his eyes narrowed at her. He didn't know why she kept coming into his quarters, trying to tell him how to act, but he had enough of it. The human woman had become "a pain in his neck". A phrase his mother had often used when dealing with some of her relatives. When he had asked her what the phrase meant, she had explained that it was a human expression that described people or objects that had become a source of constant irritation. "Spock, what are you doing?" she asked, her eyes drilling into him. She was clearly upset as she placed her hands on her hips. Spock knew the answer she wanted, but it was none of her concern. She didn't need to worry herself with his business, especially when she had other things that required her attention. "I am analyzing the data from-" "Spock!" Uhura yelled. "That isn't what I mean and you know it!" Even if the Vulcan was horrible at reading emotions, he knew the woman was angry. "Nyota," he uttered, turning away from the monitor. "What the hell were you thinking? They might dishonorably discharge you from Starfleet! Is that what you want?" she all but yelled. Her hands were balled at her side, as her face was crunched up in anger. Her whole body was shaking. "Did you think about how everyone else would feel when you almost killed yourself?" "The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few." Uhura's eye twitched as it clearly wasn't the answer she wanted. "Spock." Spock could hear the anger and pain in her voice, but he did not- would not regret his actions. It was true: the needs of the many outweighed the needs of the few, and he would never feel regret for saving the lives of others. It was at that moment that he was struck with the realization: he was becoming Jim. It was exactly how Jim justified his actions whenever he had done something risky. "What about Kirk?" she snapped, when the Commander did not respond. "What would he say if he knew?" Anger flashed inside of him at the name of his former lover. He couldn't understand the purpose of everyone bringing up Jim lately. Jim Kirk wouldn't change anything, and it only made him feel empty. It only made him feel like he was losing everything all over again. "Captain Kirk would have most likely agreed with my actions," he said. It was one of the reasons why he did not have any regrets. In some sense, it was how he remained close to the hotheaded Captain, who would always risk his life for others. It was the only way he could feel close to Jim again, and it was a feeling that he wouldn't give up for the world. "Maybe so, but he wouldn't want you to kill yourself!" Spock eyed Uhura, who was glaring at him so strongly that he wondered if she was trying to intimidate him. "As Captain Kirk is no longer my Captain, he would not have been informed of my death, and he would most likely not care," he replied, ignore the rising emotions in his chest. She looked like she had punched him in the face at sound of his words. "You can't believe that. You know he cares. He just can't…" She drifted off, staring off into his eyes. "In either case, it does not matter. The opinion of my former beloved is no longer relevant, nor will it hold any weight at the tribunal." Uhura gave him a hard look. "You better hope you don't get discharged, because then Kirk's opinion might matter, especially when you see him," she snapped. "I hope he gives you an ear full." Spock wanted her to stop mentioning Jim's name. He wanted her to stop talking about him, as it did nothing for his aching heart. If it were possible, he would purge all of his emotions through the ancient traditions, but he didn't need to attempt that passage to know it would fail. He would never be able to completely rid himself of his emotions. One did not simply rid themselves of their feelings for their T'hy'la. "Then his opinion does not matter, as our paths will not cross again." There was a battle in Uhura's face as she was trying to find the right words. "Are you just going to roll over and give up?" she asked. His eyebrow rose, unsure of what she was referring to. "Are you referring to Captain Kirk? Or are you speaking about my hearing?" he asked. "In either case, I am ready to receive my punishment. I have disobeyed orders and have shamed my rank by my actions." "Spock," she sneered. "You're just going to give up? What kind of response is that?" The Commander did not understand why Uhura had so many issues with his response. He disobeyed a direct order, and he would face the consequences. "I will accept any punishment that the Admirals give me." "And there's nothing I can do to get you to fight for your rank? To fight for yourself?" "No," he said, turning back to the monitor. "There is no reason to fight." "You know Kirk would never allow you to do this." Spock glanced at her from the corner of his eyes. "Captain Kirk has no say in this." Uhura's fists were balled at her sides, and it took everything she had not to snap at the Vulcan. "Fine, be an idiot, but I am not going sit around and do nothing!" With that, she turned around and took a step to the door. Without turning back, she added, "And for the record, I am glad you're okay, but this is crazy and you know it." There was a part of him that wished Uhura wouldn't care, but there was another part that was grateful she did. However, her statement worried him, and he couldn't help but wonder if she was up to something. *O*O* Jim gave Saavik a look, not buying the garbage she was saying. She had entered his quarters under the impression that she had figured out what had caused the disruption in the cores, but she never mentioned them. Instead, she had brought a tray of food, which happened to be topped with everything that Bones had ordered him to eat. She tried to explain that the food on the tray would help his recovery, but Jim could only stare at the pile of vegetables and other healthy foods. "I must insist that you eat, Captain," Saavik said. She was standing straight on the other side of Jim's desk, not moving from her spot. Her eyes were focused on him. "I don't know how I feel about you and Bones teaming up against me," he replied, leaning back in his chair. Every muscle in his body hurt, and his side still ached. Knowing he had no one to blame besides himself, he didn't say anything. Saavik gave him a look. "If you were to eat it, Sir, there need not be any fuss about it." Still staring at her, he picked up his fork only to poke at his food. He knew he was being silly, but nothing on the plate looked appetizing. He couldn't wait until he was back on Earth where he could enjoy a juicy hamburger and a big milkshake. "Logical doesn't work on me, Lieutenant Saavik," Jim said. "I think you should know this before you try anymore." "You speak as if I did not already know this, Captain." Jim's eye brow rose, as he eyed the Vulcan in front of him. "You have some jokes, don't you?" he asked with a chuckle. For a second, Saavik's expression softened slightly as if to smile, and then returned to its stoic form. "I am speaking only the truth," she replied. "Your riskiness is widely known." "Oh, is it? Then why did you take the post?" he asked, giving the Vulcan a look. "I thought my illogicalness would drive any sane Vulcan away." Saavik's eyebrow rose. "You have already inquired about that, Captain. Sarek bel-" Jim put up his hand to silence her. "I asked why you are here, not why Sarek thinks you would be a good fit," he said, remembering the conversion. This Vulcan—This Woman confused him to no end, and to his annoyance, no matter how much he tried, he could not figure her out. She didn't answer him right away. "I am sorry, Sir. I am afraid that I do not know how to answer that. I joined Starfleet to explore new worlds and-" "No," Jim said, interrupting her again. With a deep sigh, he added, "Why are you serving under me? Anyone with a brain would know that a Vulcan and me would not be a good match. I'm surprised you've lasted this long under me, since I have no idea how Commander Spock did it." Saavik glanced down at the plate of food that Jim kept pushing around with his fork. "There is no other Captain that I wish to serve under, Jim. What makes you a good Captain cannot be defined by Vulcan Standards." "So you like me for my craziness?" he chuckled. He chose to ignore the tightness in his chest at the sound of his first name. He didn't know why it got to him. It was the first time she had ever called him by his first name without a battle. "Yes, Captain." Just like that, it was gone as she switched back to using his rank, which only left Kirk more confused. "Not afraid that I will take you down with me?" "No, I am not. Why don't you eat, Captain?" Jim let out sigh. "You are almost as bad as Bones." Saavik gave him a look. "Doctor McCoy is only looking out for your welfare." The Captain let out a snort. "A hamburger never hurt anyone." "Given enough time, I am certain you can find someone who had been injured by a hamburger," she replied, as she glanced up to Jim's face. Jim's eyes twitched. "My crew is against me!" he whined, pretending to be hurt as he threw his head back. He knew it was the opposite. His crew, even only serving under him for a short time, believed in him and would follow his every command without question. They were loyal to him, even if they would not give him a hamburger. Saavik's eyebrow rose to the scene in front of her. If she thought of him as a child, she didn't say it. "Sir," she started with a bit of hesitation in her voice. "Yes?" Jim asked, straightening himself up. "If you eat the food that Doctor McCoy has provided to you, I will obtain a hamburger for you," she said, remaining still. Her face was void of any emotion as she spoke. Jim stared at her for a moment and could see nothing that showed she was joking. "Are you joking?" Jim asked, looking for any deception in her face. "No, Sir." Jim's eyes widened as a smile broke out on his face. Sure, he would have to eat this green shit in front of him, but this was a score. Spock would have never agreed to something like that, saying he needed to follow McCoy's instructions, but it seemed like Saavik was willing. "Really?" "As long as you keep up your daily intake of vitamins and keep to McCoy's dietary instructions, a hamburger will not harm you," she said, still standing as stoic as ever. "…Unless you eat it too swiftly and choke, Captain, but that can be said about any nourishment." "I love you!" he said, as he forked one of the items on his place. It was after he stuck the piece in his mouth that he realized what he said. Shit! He thought. "Shit," he uttered, staring at the Vulcan. "I didn't mean it like that!" He dropped his fork as he got to his feet. Panic started to flow through him, realizing the error he had just made. There was no doubt in his mind that Saavik was going to report him now. First, the hand touching and now this? He was screwed. "I mean as friend…Shit, I'm sorry! I say it to Bones all the time. I mean no disrespect. Shit." Saavil's eye brow rose, but she didn't look insulted or disgusted. "There is no need to apologize, Captain." Kirk would like to think he didn't ramble when he was nervous, but there were times that he did. This was one of those times. "No, but I do. I don't want you to think that-" "Captain, would you like to play a game of chess?" she asked, changing the subject, as she finally moved her gaze. Her eyes were now on the 3D Chess Board that Jim had set up on the other side of the room. It stopped Jim cold as he watched Saavik gather up the board and bring it back to the desk. "Chess?" he asked, his voice slightly shaking. "Yes, Captain. I was under the impression that you knew how to play," she said as she set it up in front of the Captain. Once the board was completely set up, the Vulcan took a seat across from Jim. Jim watched her movements. For a Vulcan, he had expected her to be insulted by those words, but it didn't seem to bother her. In fact, she seemed unfazed by them, which struck Jim as odd, but he wasn't going to look a gift horse in the mouth. "You're correct. I know how to play chess," he said. "Are you opposed to a game?" "I might be a little rusty, but I would never turn down a game," Jim replied with a smile. He hadn't played much, having only played once in a while with Chekov. Saavik nodded as she made the first move. "I will not go too hard on you, Captain." Jim gave a hearty laugh. "Oh, I see how it is. You're on, Saavik," he replied, grinning. *O*O* Playing against Saavik in chess was completely different than anyone else that Jim had faced. She wasn't as reckless as Chekov, who had a habit of sacrificing his pieces. She wasn't as logical as Spock, who would plan the whole game in his head before he made a move, but Saavik was still a worthy opponent. They had played three games and she beat him twice, but Jim wasn't discouraged. In fact, he enjoyed when he was down, because he enjoyed the fight back. "Best three out if five," Jim said with a smile as he reset the chess board. "As you wish, Captain," she said, sitting up her own chess pieces. Jim looked at the Vulcan. She was staring at him, and if he didn't know any better, she was smirking at him. Vulcans didn't smirk, but he could have sworn that she was giving him that look. Without really saying anything, she was teasing him in her own way. "Teasing me, are you?" "I do not know what you mean," she replied, waving at him to make the first move. The Captain laughed, throwing his head back lightly. He wasn't sure what it was, but she was easy to be around, even if he kept acting like an idiot around her. "Oh, you're on!" Saavik watched him. She opened her mouth to respond, but before she could, there was a beep at Jim's comm. He put his finger up as if to tell her a minute, while he turned in his chair to his comm. Careful not to hit the empty plate, Jim reached over and pressed the button for the comm. "Kirk, here," he said. "Captain, we have a hail from the U.S.S. Enterprise. Would you like me to put it through?" the Ensign asked. Jim's hand dropped to his side, hidden from sight. His fingers balled into a fist as he wondered why he was getting a call from his former ship. There was no reason for it unless they were aware that the Providence was traveling on impulse power. Or it could be Admiral Pike checking in with him. Christopher Pike was always overprotective of Jim, while at the same time overly harsh. Jim loved and hated it. "Admiral Pike?" he asked. "Yes, Sir. Shall I patch him through?" he asked. Jim glanced at Saavik, who remained perfectly quiet. She had not moved and showed no interest in moving. Her eyes were on him, meeting his glance. "Sure," he said, turning back to the monitor. The Ensign clicked off to connect the call, and during this time, Jim turned to Saavik, "Let's see what this is. Hopefully, it's a quick call, and we can back to our game. I am so going to beat you." Saavik nodded her head at the same time that the connection was put through. The smile on Jim's face died at the same time the perfect picture came through. On the screen was not Admiral Pike but Lieutenant Uhura. "Where is Admiral Pike?" he asked, shifting slightly. From the corner of his eyes, he could see Saavik stand up. Uhura's eyes were only on Jim, and she didn't notice the Vulcan stepping into view. "I needed to talk to you, Kirk." Jim narrowed his eyes at his former Communications Officer. "And you're using Admiral Pike codes," he said, taking note of the codes on his monitor. He didn't need to ask how she had gotten the codes because she was the communication officer. She used the codes whenever she needed to make outbound hails to Starfleet. "I knew you wouldn't answer if I used mine," Uhura replied. Jim's eyes twitched in anger as annoyance rushed through him. Why the hell did she do this? What was so important that she was risking a reprimand to speak to him? "What-" he started. Saavik stepped forward, almost in front of Jim. "You have broken multiple Starfleet regulations, and Admiral-" "Who are you?" Uhura demanded, cutting off the Vulcan. Her eyes wandered up and down the woman, studying her. Jim's head was going explode as he watched the screen in front of him. Putting his hand up, he stopped Saavik before she got any closer. "This is my Science Officer Lieutenant Saavik," he said, looking up at the Vulcan. "However, she is correct. Admiral Pike won't be pleased." Jim eyed Uhura, studying the expression on her face. "Lt. Saavik, I can handle this." Uhura narrowed her eyes at Saavik who was staring down at Jim with an interesting look in her eyes. "I need to talk to you alone." She stressed the word alone. "As you have hailed the Captain under false pretenses, you have no right to demand a conversion," Saavik replied, giving Uhura the Vulcan vision of the stink eye. Uhura was glaring. "I don't know who the hell you think you are, but-" Saavik's tone did not change as she interrupted Uhura. Her voice was a fine example of Vulcan calm. "You have broken Starfleet regulations. Lt. Uhura, rest assure a complaint-" Jim put his arm up, silencing the two, as he let out a deep breath. Uhura may not be his favorite person, but he had no interest in letting this argument continue between these two. "I got this, Saavik. Can you please give Uhura and I some time alone?" he asked. He didn't really want to speak to his former Communications officer, but if she was willing to risk a reprimand and a possible demotion, he would take a few moments to listen. Saavik stared at Jim for a few long seconds as if she wanted to protest. "Yes, Sir," she said, as she turned and stepped away from Jim. She walked slowly to the door and didn't say anything as she exited. Jim waited until the door slid closed before he spoke. "So what do I owe this honor to?" he asked, his eyes lingering on the door. "Kirk," she uttered, drawing back Jim's attention. "Make it fast before I end this call and inform Admiral Pike about it," Jim threatened. Uhura took a deep breath before she spoke, "You need to speak to Spock." Jim would have laughed at her suggestion if she hadn't looked at him with such determination. "Why?" he asked, his tone anything but friendly. He was tired of Uhura pushing him back to Spock as if the past could be forgotten. Forgiven yes, but not forgotten. Maybe, down the line-way down the line, they could be friends again, but right now, he just needed time. He needed time to figure out what his heart wanted. His heart pounded at the sound of his former lover's name, and Jim didn't need to be genius to know what it meant. Yet that did not mean he was going to admit it. "Why do I need to speak to the Vulcan?" "He did something stupid." Jim's eyebrow rose at that. "And this is my problem why?" "He could be discharged from Starfleet," Uhura yelled, slamming her fists down. "And he isn't doing a thing to stop it." Jim narrowed his eyes as he racked his brain at what Spock could have possibly done. What could the Vulcan have done that would have landed him in this much trouble? Spock was a rule man, following regulations to a T, which was why Jim and the Vulcan argued so often. "Then it seems like you should talk to him." Uhura glared. "I did, but he won't do anything! Maybe, if you talk to him, then he might do something." "What did he do?" Jim asked, now curious. What did Spock do that he wasn't willing to fight for himself? Did he kill someone? Did he hurt someone? "He broke the Prime Directive and disobeyed a direct order." The answer sent Jim's mind into a tailspin. That wasn't like Spock at all. In all time that Jim had known the Vulcan, it didn't sound like Spock. Even if Spock wasn't a perfect First Officer, he never disobeyed an order. He remembered the countless arguments they had over the Prime Directive. Sure, he might find a way around them, if someone's (especially Jim's) life was in danger, but he never disobeyed an order. The Prime Directive was important to the Vulcan and would use that to guide him. "That doesn't sound like Mr. Spock." "No, it doesn't," Uhura said, slowly, watching the changing expression on Jim's face. "That sounds like me." "It does." Jim looked up, giving Uhura a look. "But what do you want me to do about it?" he asked. "TALK TO HIM," Uhura yelled, frustration present in her voice. The Captain let out sigh, knowing he couldn't face Spock. He just couldn't. During his healing, Jim had learned an important lesson: you have to fight for yourself. No one can fight for you. "I can't be the one, Uhura," he softly replied. Yes, he hated the idea of Spock being forced to leave Starfleet, but it wasn't his choice. Spock had to fight for himself. Uhura drilled into Jim with her eyes. If looks could kill, hers came very close. "Kirk, get off your ass and talk to him. I am tired of this…" She drifted off as she waved at him. "Tired of whatever this was between you two. You each love each other! You need to get this over this!" Jim's eyes were glaring as Uhura had no right to talk to him like this. No right at all, especially when she was hanging all over Spock not too long ago. Not since she was the one that had been the driving force that pulled them apart. Her remarks, her glares, the constant whispers… What right did she have to demand anything of him? "Get over it? I am over it, Lt. Uhura. It's you and him who need to get over it. And what he does or won't do is none of my concern anymore. He can do whatever he wants. I'm surprised the two of you haven't gone back to sharing quarters." Uhura twitched, and her face morphed into anger. "You would let him throw away his career for doing what you would have done? How can you do that?!" With a deep breath, Jim mentally told himself to calm down. "Listen, Uhura. You have no right to demand anything from me, especially when you used stolen codes to get this call. I'm sure Admiral Pike would love to hear about that." he snapped. "And you know what? I can't fight for Spock. He has to fight for himself like I did, and I'm still doing. I worked my ass off to get here, to come back and take command of the Providence. So you know what? He has to do that for himself." "Kirk, you-" "No!" Jim replied, coldly. "If you feel so strongly, then you talk to Spock and leave me out of this." "He won't listen to me." Jim wasn't sure what was going through his mind, because his heart did twinge at hearing Spock could lose his rank. But it wasn't up to Jim to decide what happened to Spock. It wasn't his job anymore, and if he kept trying, he would never move on. He needed to move on. They both did. "Not my problem," he replied, as he reached for the comm, turning it off. He didn't want to talk about it anymore. He didn't want to think about it anymore. With a deep breath, Jim turned from the monitor and rested his head down on the table in between the chessboard and his empty plate. He closed his eyes, forcing a few long deep breaths. God, why is it so hard to shut the door on Spock? The Vulcan had broken his heart, shattering it into a hundred pieces. For a while, he lost track of who he was or what he wanted, but even with all the pain, it was a battle to turn away. How could he let Spock throw it all way? How could he even think of doing that? "Fuck me," Jim whispered as he picked his head up. He turned back to monitor. The End for now. I hope you like this. It seems like Jim doesn't know what he wants, Spock doesn't care, and that Uhura is sick of all the drama. I would like to say I am not trying to bash Uhura in this. Not sure if I am doing her character justice or what, but I think she would do anything to help those she cares for. Anyhow, there you go.
First of all, I want to say sorry. I know it has been over five month, but I couldn't find it in me to write. My muse seemed to have left me, and anything that I typed seemed to be forced. And I hate that. So I am sorry that it took me so long. I don't know when the next update will be, but I will work better at being faster. Please note this is not Beta-ed. I had sent it to her to proof this for me, but that has been over two weeks ago and I hadn't gotten anything. I am not sure what is going on there. However, here you go. Chapter 5: Damn Emotions Though Jim Kirk wanted nothing else than to be in space, he couldn't deny the comforting feeling of the warmth of the sun against his skin. He couldn't deny how wonderful it felt to be kissed by the wind, even on the coldest of days. The bright colors of the land that greeted his eyes and the smell of fresh air and grass that filled his nose, and though he had and would visit hundreds of planets, none could ever compare to Earth. There was no denying that the Earth held a special place in his heart compared to other planets… Although he was impartial towards Earth, it didn't change his desire to blast off into space. "Seeing Joanna today?" the Good Captain asked his best friend, as they stepped through Starfleet Headquarters plaza. Exactly as expected, there was a crowd of people out and about on this sunny day. Looking around, Jim could tell that on a day like this, some were finding hard to stay focused on their daily tasks for Starfleet. "Yes, I am. How about you? Any plans, Jim?" Dr. McCoy asked, watching as his best friend closed his eyes and bathed in the sun. There was a war ragging inside of Jim, and like a coin flip, he had no idea of where he landed. Having been through enough pain to last several lifetimes, he wanted to close out the Spock Chapter and open a new one. He wanted to move on with his life but couldn't seem to close that door. For some reason, he couldn't stop worrying/thinking about his former lover and how he could be dishonorably discharged. The idea that Spock would no longer be a Starfleet Officer felt like a stab to the stomach. "Jim?" Bones asked, eyeing the stiffness in his best friend. Should he allow Spock to throw away his life? To destroy his career? What good would it do if the Vulcan didn't fight for his own life? One of the few things that Jim had learned through it all: you had to fight for yourself. If you didn't believe in yourself, there was no succeeding. For the longest time, Jim had lost that fight and slipped into a downward spiral that nearly consumed him. It wasn't simple nor quick and took everything he had and more to break out of it. Even if he refused to see it then, there were times when he had been inches away from giving up. Now, he was stronger. "Yea?" Bones looked at him, his eyes running up and down Kirk's body. "What's on your mind?" Spock, the once tough as nails Vulcan hybrid was on the same downward spiral, but unlike him, it seemed like he had no interest in climbing out of it. Though he knew a lot had happened with Spock, this wasn't the Vulcan that Jim had fallen in love with. He wasn't the one who could lead others into battle and win. "Spock," he replied, truthfully. McCoy's face crunched up as a frown appeared on his face. "So what about the hobgoblin?" Taking a deep breath and opening his eyes, the blond looked forward and scanned the surrounding area. Like any other day, the plaza was packed full of Officers with different rankings, uniforms, and races. They all looked like they were on a mission, heading to some meeting or session. "Just thinking," he replied, not interested in explaining what truly was on his mind. "About Mr. Spock?" he asked, his eyebrow rising. After the chat with Uhura, Jim, having the authority to do so, looked up the charges against his former First Officer, and was shocked to say the least. The stunt the Vulcan had pulled was something that he would never suspect he was capable of doing. It was something only he would think of doing on a mission and get yelled at by Spock after being scolded by Dr. McCoy. "Just thinking," he replied. Bones gave him a hard look. "Thinking? What about the Vulcan? Did he do something?" Jim didn't answer McCoy, unsure if he could hide his emotions from the good doctor… Not that he was any good at hiding them. Now, as he found himself getting angrier the more he thought about Spock, he wanted nothing more than to punch him in the face. How dare he give up without a fight? How dare he throw it all way just like that? Didn't he realize what he was doing? "Jim?" Shaking his head, Jim took off without looking back. There was only one thing on his mind. Yes, he was right when he stated that Spock's business was his own, and he wasn't concerned with it any more. However, he couldn't stop thinking about his former lover. He couldn't stop thinking about how much this rank meant to the Vulcan, even if he never admitted it. It was more than a rank, it was a career. It would be his honor and life's work. For that, Jim would do anything to help Spock, even if there was a large part deep inside of him screaming to never go near the Vulcan again. *O*O* Dressed in his finest uniform, Commander Spock waited outside of a large hall with Admiral Pike sitting next to him. Even with everything that was about to happen, the Vulcan appeared calm with his usual rigid posture. The same could not be said about the person sitting next to him. Though the Admiral was dressed in his finest grays, he was anything but calm with worry clearly written in his face. Spock wanted to tell his Commanding Officer that the outcome of this special tribunal did not matter, as either way, he would be alright. Even if he was stripped of his rank and forced to leave Starfleet, he would be fine as there would always be a purpose for him. He could experiment and research anywhere in the universe. In addition it might be good if he left Starfleet and traveled back to New Vulcan, even if it was in shame and disgrace. If he did, he would be able to escape from the haunting memories that followed him from his time onboard the Enterprise. He could escape his past with her former captain, Jim Kirk. So maybe, it was for the best. His mind could be used for anything, like reviving his race. "Spock," Pike uttered, as he turned to his First Officer. "What is your plan here?" The Vulcan didn't respond as he didn't know how to answer him. For the first time in his short life, he didn't have a plan or set goal in his life. He didn't have a strategy for the tribunal. The only thing he had in his defense was the truth, which might not save him. It could be "the final nail in his coffin", as he had heard Jim say one time, but he couldn't find it in himself to care. If he were truly honest, he would do it all again. He saved lives and would never feel shame for that. "Spock," he repeated, turning to him. His eyes drilled into the Vulcan, studying him. "I know I came down hard on you, but you can't just give up, Son." Spock's eyebrow rose as he turned slightly to look at his Admiral. "It is impropriate for you to refer to me as your Son, Admiral. Please refrain from calling me as such." Pike let out a harsh sigh as he leaned against the wall. Neither had any idea of what was being discussed behind the wall that was the Tribunal courtroom, but Pike knew it wouldn't end well if Spock didn't stand up for himself. "Mr. Spock," he uttered, bitterly. "Stop with the attitude and listen. You can't roll over and show your belly." Getting to his feet, the Vulcan turned from his Admiral to the door. He stared at the imposing object, waiting for the call to enter. "I do not plan to show my abdominal region, though I am ready to face my punishment." "So you aren't going to defend yourself?" Pike asked. Spock turned back slightly, giving him a cold look. "There is no need to be concerned. I will speak the truth and nothing else." Pike was about to reply when the door to the courtroom opened. For the Admiral, time seemed to slow as the door opened, and his heart raced. A deafening roar filled his ears. His palms were dripping with sweat as he felt a sense of dread overcome him. It felt like everything was falling down around him, and he didn't know how to stop it. Snapping back to reality by the sounds of footsteps, Pike focused on the security officer at the door. With a neutral look on her face, the Officer moved aside and motioned them inside. No one said a word, as Admiral Pike and Commander Spock turned to the door and stepped through. Dread grew in Pike with every step, and he couldn't push back the feeling that this could be the end for the both of them. *O*O* Jim didn't know what he was going to say to the panel of Admirals. As he approached the Tribunal courtroom, the Captain froze for a few seconds, as it felt like everything that had happened to him was rushing back from all directions. He wondered again if this was his place to be, because Spock had made it clear to a few people that he wasn't going to fight the charges. There was no denying that he had violated the Prime Directive, but still, there had to be an exception. This doubt made Jim wonder if he was ever going to put Spock behind him. If he went rushing to Spock's defense, wouldn't that mean he wasn't over him? That he still kept the door open for the Vulcan? Or did it mean the exact opposite and he was over him? Had he fully forgiven the Vulcan for his betrayal? The Captain wasn't sure any more. It felt like he had been shot in the chest with emotions, and he didn't know why. Did he want a chance for the two of them to reconnect? Or did he want it to be truly over? Why was his heart quaking at the thought of never seeing the Vulcan again? Knowing it was now or ever, Jim went to the door, but before he could move his hand to activate the lock, it opened. Jim's hand froze a few inches away from the widening door. He didn't move as an angry person stormed passed him and down the hall. Even in his state, he could see the Admiral's ranking on his arms and collar, and after a few seconds, he realized the angry person was Admiral Pike. For a single moment, Jim wanted to call after him, but decided to wait. From experience he knew that it was best to wait for the older man to calm down before trying to talk to him. A few moments later, Spock walked through the door, though in a much calmer state. Just like Admiral Pike, his eyes were forward, not paying attention to anything around him. He didn't notice Jim, who was standing still not too far from the door. It was like he was in a trance as he followed after Pike down the hall. Jim couldn't begin to guess what had happened in the tribunal, but he knew it wasn't good. Knowing Spock as well as he did, he knew the Vulcan had fallen on his own sword. Snapping back to reality with a new purpose, Jim's confidence was back with a clear goal. He knew that he had to stand up for Spock, one of the best first officers in the whole fleet, with hopefully Officer Scott joining them. He knew his uninvited presence would not be taken well, but he was determined to say something in Spock's defense. *O*O* Jim knew most of the Admirals that were in the room. Barnett and Komack were glaring at him, though it was Admiral Marcus that made his heart skip a beat with his heated glare. Though he didn't know Marcus that well, the first time they had met he felt a cold chill. There was something dark in his eyes, something calculating. "If you strip Commander Spock of his title, there's no doubt that we'll lose what makes Starfleet Starfleet, we will lose what makes us great," Jim stated, his eyes scanning the panel. When he first burst into the room, he was nearly kicked out on his ass. The Admirals did not take kindly to an uninvited Captain interrupting their meeting, and he risked getting reprimanded. The only female Admiral on the panel gave him a hard, cold look. He had only heard about her after she had been promoted. After the Nero incident, several officers were given the rank of Admiral though Jim wondered if, unlike Pike, they had actually earned it. "You may very well have a point, but Mr. Spock broke the Prime Directive." Jim understood why the rule had been implemented, but it still annoyed him. Life shouldn't be about rules and regulations; it should be about saving lives. It should be about goodwill and love… It should be about protecting the innocent. Okay, maybe he had his head in the clouds, but he didn't want to live in a world where you got punished for saving lives. "When I joined Starfleet, it was because I wanted to make a difference. I wanted to be someone. I wanted to explore new worlds and life. When did Starfleet turn into something else? Isn't our mission to seek out new life and new civilizations? To be a peace keeping organization?" he asked, meeting all of their glances. "Are we all the type of people who let a race die?" Komack, after everything that happened, was an ally in Jim's eyes, and at the moment, that thought was proven true. His eyes weren't as cold as the others. "Do you forget what the Prime Directive is, Captain Kirk?" While it was true Spock had broken the Prime Directive, there was a part of Jim that had a hard time believing that he had actually broken that rule. "I'm aware of the Prime Directive, but you have to be aware that there are no set guidelines. You have to be honest with yourselves and admit that it's a judgement call. How can you judge someone on making that a call?" Barnett leaned forward in his seat. "You're fighting harder than Commander Spock, and he isn't even your First Officer anymore. Why is that?" "I can't fault Mr. Spock for risking it all to save lives," Jim replied, "It's something that I would have done." Despite skating with danger, he couldn't help but inwardly smile at the thought of Spock's actions. It was truly what he would have done. "Then maybe the rank of Captain isn't right for you," another Admiral shot out, his tone anything but friendly. There was no denying that the Admiral could be correct as Jim was a bit overemotional and relied heavily on his gut; however, it could also be said that it made him the Captain that everyone could be proud of. "A Captain has to rely on more than just rules and regulations. Sometimes he needs to rely on his gut instincts. A Captain is about his crew, and what he's willing to do to protect them. That's the same for a First Officer." "But the Prime Directive was broken." "There's no denying Commander Spock's actions, but when is the Prime Directive ethical? How do we decide to walk away and allow someone or a whole planet to die?" he asked. "How is that moral? How is that right?" Marcus leaned forward as his eyes scanned over the only Captain in the room but reminded silent. "You may have a point, Captain Kirk, but Commander Spock-" Jim was having enough of this back and forth as these admirals just liked to hear themselves talk. "The Commander's record and achievements speak for themselves, and to strip him of that would be a blow to Starfleet in more than ways than one." He took a deep breath as he could see a few admirals ready to add their own opinions. "This is Commander Spock, one of Starfleet's finest, and he's a Vulcan, a race that runs off Logic. If he did what he did, then there's a good damn reason!" "You seemed to have placed a lot of trust in him. Why is that? Do you know his reasoning? His thought processes?" Someone asked. Did Jim trust Spock? When did that happen? Did something change? "You ask like you don't know. Shouldn't that have been one of your questions to Commander Spock?" He asked, trying to keep himself in check. A few of the Admirals narrowed their eyes at him, almost shocked at his tone. "You trust him without knowing, Captain Kirk? Why is that?" When Jim thought about it, he wasn't sure why either. He didn't know if he could exactly call it trust… though he did trust his professional side. He trusted Spock's abilities and his character as a Starfleet Officer. There was no doubt that Spock was one of the best officers in Starfleet, and with that in mind, there was no doubt that the Vulcan did what was needed. It still didn't mean that he trusted Spock with anything personal. Definitely not with his heart. "I trust Commander Spock," he said. Every eye was on the Captain. "And why didn't-" At that moment, Admiral Marcus slid back in his chair, silencing the room. His eyes were drilling into Kirk with such an intense look that he could not look away. "I think we've heard enough. If you may, Captain, can you please leave us? We have a few things to discuss." Jim hesitated a bit, worried that his words hadn't been enough. He knew there was a chance that his words had fallen on deaf ears as Spock wasn't his First Officer anymore. His words were nothing to these Admirals, but he hoped that they had reached them in some way. "Thank you, for your time Admiral Marcus." He had to fight to get those words out in a calm and careful matter, as he wanted nothing more than to yell at everyone in the room. Receiving only a nod, Jim turned from the Panel of Admirals and to the door. It was a moment like this that Jim wanted to drink, to lose himself in the deep burn of alcohol. Even if he hadn't taken a drink in over a year, he had an urge to head to the nearest bar and drink until he couldn't feel anymore. Though it would be the stupidest thing that he had done in a long time, the desire to drink his problems away was very tempting. Leaving the stuffy room, he decided the first thing he needed was a breath of fresh air. *O*O* Christopher Pike was a bundle of nerves, which he hadn't felt like in a while. He was growing more gray hairs with every second because of those two idiots. Between Jim and Spock, he knew he'd be bald and dead soon from all of the stress. The pair would be the end of him, and though he wished those two would come to their senses, he knew he wouldn't have it any other way. Even though he had no idea why he felt so strongly to those two knuckleheads, they meant the world to him. Right now, he wanted to ring Spock's neck. How could he stay so calm about this? Okay, he knew that showing no emotions was the common state for the Vulcan, but this was different. He had accepted the worst and was no longer fighting, and that was driving Pike crazy. Was he really okay with throwing his career? Did he really think this would solve anything? Was he that stupid? "So how's it going?" Sulu asked, breaking through the silence. Both Spock and Pike had been waiting for the decision in complete silence in a small waiting room. Pike had been sitting by the window, staring out into the city, while the Vulcan was standing at the back wall. His eyes were closed as if he was in deep thought, and no matter how much Pike had tried, he couldn't get him to speak. After a few tries, the Admiral gave up and sat in silence. "I assume it went bad," Uhura said, as she slid in next to Sulu. Pike glanced up to them, knowing how close these officers were. He knew they were a family and this was killing them. "It went as well as you expected." Uhura's eye twitched and Pike could see the anger in her face. Sulu's eyes danced between the Commander and the First Officer, trying to read the tension. He didn't say anything for a few long seconds. "What's your read on the Admirals, Admiral Pike?" he asked. The Admiral sighed harshly and didn't answer right away. Right now, he needed something to drink. A tall glass of something alcoholic because there was no doubt that this day would soon turn into a nightmare. "The Admirals were not impressed, and he didn't win over any of them with his words." "I said what was needed to be said," Spock said, breaking his silence. Pike turned slightly, giving Spock a hard look. "I know you don't see the point of knowing the art of flattery, but it's clear the Admirals did not take kindly to your words." "They were words of truth," the Vulcan replied, eyes still closed. Uhura let out a harsh sigh, not believing the situation at hand. "So he just pissed off the entire panel?" she asked, her eye twitching again. There was a sound of disbelief in her voice, even if she had expected this outcome. Sulu took a deep breath, but he remained quiet, as he watched the interaction in the room. There would be no stop to the growing tension in the room until they learned the outcome of the panel, which was clear if Pike's gut was correct. "If only you have-" The door to the room opened, drawing immediate silence. Everyone turned to the door, waiting for the person to step through. It felt like they were sitting on needles as the person took his time entering. For some, it was like time had stood still, as everyone knew who it would be entering. The verdict would be in, and it would be one of the Admirals letting them know the outcome of the trail. Pike could feel the temperature drop in the room as Barnett stepped in. Everyone focused on the Admiral, waiting for the man to say something. Every nerve was on fire, waiting for him to open his mouth. Sulu was positive he would fall down if he didn't get an answer soon. Unable to take anymore, Pike placed his hands firmly on the arms rest of the chair and pushed up. He ignored the sharp pain in his bad leg, his constant reminder of Nero. Pike pushed off the chair and stepped toward Barnett. "Are they ready for us?" he asked, glancing at the door for a second. Barnett shook his head as he met Pike's glance. "There's no need. The Admirals already made their decision, and they have left it to me to inform you." There was a slight smile on his face. "Then out with it," Uhura said, unable to take it. Her eyes drilled into the Admiral. "Yea, is Commander Spock being discharged?" Sulu asked. Pike knew the officers should be following Starfleet regulations and stay quiet, but he knew emotions played more into this than anything else. Spock was part of their crew and had become a member of their family. With so many different outcomes running through their heads, there was only so much they could do. "Settle down and let Admiral Barnett speak." The Admiral waited a few seconds for someone to interrupt before he spoke. "It's okay, Admiral Pike. I understand their concern, but please, rest assured that you still have your Commander, though he will receive some punishment." Uhura's eyes widened. "What?" she asked. Pike was also in shock, as he hadn't expected Spock to keep his rank. It was one thing to break a direct order, but it was another to break the Prime Directive and have no remorse. "That's a surprise, considering he lost the panel." Spock closely followed Barnett's every movement. There was something different in his eyes as he tried to read the expression on the Admiral face. Barnett let out a smile, almost chuckling. "Oh, he did. They hated him, and there was no doubt that Admiral Marcus wanted to make an example of him." Sulu wasn't surprised at his remark. At times it seemed like only the most xenophobic officers, who had turned into cowards during the Nero attack, survived and were unfairly promoted to Admirals. Pike narrowed his eyes. "Then how does he have his rank?" "Because Captain Kirk has a big mouth on him," the Admiral revealed. "Came busting in and started spouting off. Got to say it though, Kirk has a lot of guts to come running in like that. He seems to have a lot of trust in you." Spock's eyes widened as he finally took a step forward. In a rare moment, his sporadic emotions were presented on his face. "Captain Kirk was present in the meeting?" he asked, a slight disbelief in his voice. "Yes, and he refused to allow you to be dishonorably discharged without a fight. Called you the best Officer in Starfleet," he said. Besides Sulu, the Officers of the Enterprise were in completely shock, as none of them expected James T. Kirk to come to the rescue. No one expected the Captain to even know that the Vulcan was in trouble, but here he was, standing up for his former lover and First Officer, someone that he hadn't spoken to in a year. Uhura inched forward as she stared in Barnett's eyes. There were words on the tip of her tongue, but she couldn't seem to get them out. Her emotions were clearly written on her face. "He really said that?" she asked. "I didn't-" "Where is Captain Kirk now?" Spock interrupted, stepping forward. The emotion that had flashed on his face before had disappeared, and its place was a determined look. "He left shortly before the Admirals came to their decision," he replied. "I am not sure where he went." Without another word, Spock was out of the room and down the hall. *O*O* James T. Kirk thought about giving up few times. Though he would never admit it, it was very tempting at times to just walk away from Starfleet. It was tempting to give into pain, just wanting it to go away, but every time the thought creeped into his mind, it felt like a betrayal in every cell of his body. Even though it felt like he was being stabbed in every part of his body, he refused to allow himself to give up. He refused to allow himself to fail and turn his back on everything that drove him to become the captain of the Providence. It would be worse than death if he lost everything that was himself. Sitting at a bar, Jim leaned over the counter as he swirled a glass of whiskey. The ice rattling against the glass was an all too familiar sound. His eyes weren't focused, deep in thought, yet he was careful not to spill any of the liquid. He still hadn't touched a drop of the stuff. He put the glass to his lips. The strong smell of whiskey filled his nose. Just as he was about to tilt his head back and let the amber liquid flow into his mouth, he froze. Anger, guilt, resentment, and fear rushed into his head. The conflicting emotions stopped his hand, making him unable to take a slip. After a few seconds of holding the glass up, he lowered it and continued to swirl the liquid. He wasn't sure what he had expected when he spoke on Spock's behalf, and he still hadn't figured out what he was feeling. Was he happy? Mad? Upset, maybe? He wasn't sure and didn't know how to figure it out. He supposed he could call Dr. Jones and talk it out over the phone, but he wanted to work through his emotions by himself. Jones had helped him out in ways that Jim didn't think was possible. The Captain wasn't ashamed of his therapy, but he wanted to be able to rely on himself to get through things. If he wanted to be a good captain, he needed to be able to things for himself. He wanted to- Jim took another deep breath as he lowered his glass. "How did you find me?" he asked, blowing out the breath he didn't know he had been holding. Pike smiled softly as he took a seat next to the young Captain. "I know you better than you think I do. The first time I found you, it was in a dive like this. Remember that? You got your ass handed to you." Taking yet another deep breath, Jim replied, "No, I didn't." "You don't?" Pike asked, looking to the full glass on the counter. Jim closed his eyes as he lowered his head slightly. "No, that's not what happened." "That was an epic beating," Pike said with a smile. "No, it wasn't," Jim replied, picking up his head and looking to the side. "You had napkins hanging out of your nose. Did you not?" Pike said, meeting his glance. Unable to stop it, a laugh escaped from Kirk's lips. He wouldn't have called that a bloody fight. At the time, all he could think about was the officers who had attacked him all at once. He did try to defend himself. "Yeah, that was a good fight." "A good fight? I think that's your problem right there." "What? That I don't give up?" He asked, pushing back from the bar. Pike studied Kirk for a few long seconds. He observed every movement of the blond in front of him, looking for some kind of hint. "I thought Uhura said you weren't going to help. What changed?" he asked. Jim's eyes widen as he stared at the Admiral. "How would you know about that?" he asked, trying to control his shock. Yes, he had threatened to inform Pike about Uhura's misuse of the communication codes, but he hadn't gone through with it. Though he did not approve of what she did, he couldn't fault her, considering how much she cared for the Vulcan. If he was in her shoes, he probably would have done the same thing; no, he would have done anything for him. He would do anything to save those important to him. "It was that Science Officer of yours, Saavik. She informed me of what Uhura did, and let me tell you, she wasn't too happy about it. Although she would have to admit to having emotions first," he replied. He paused for the second, as his eyes drilled into the Captain. "But as I never heard anything from you, I didn't feel a need to reprimand Uhura." Jim didn't respond right away, thinking about the answer that Pike was waiting for. He wanted an answer that Jim could not give. He wanted to know why he had changed his mind when he had said it wasn't his concern. "I just figured that Starfleet can't kick out the best," he said, as he got to his feet. "And… I… I think I will always protect him." Pike was about to respond, when his communicator chirped drawing his attention. It didn't take long for the Admiral read it and for his expression to fall. "An emergency session at Daystrom. We better go," he said, looking back to Jim. There was a grim look on his face. "Yeah," Jim replied, feeling an overwhelming sense of dread. The last time there was an emergency session, the Vulcan race had been nearly wiped out and Starfleet lost most of the fleet along with all of the officers on board the ships. "Suit up." The end for now: Did you really think that Jim would let Spock discharged? :) And the next chapter won't be soo happy. Poor Pike.
...I have no words... Like no words. This is a first for me. How long has it been? 3? 4 Years? Shit. I don't know. I had no intention of going back to it. I had started the Six chapter all of those years ago, but I just stopped for some reason. No idea why I did. However, after watching Star Trek a few weeks ago, I got back into the Star Trek fanfiction. I could not stop reading it. It became my go to thing- no idea why. Then a reviewer, mameeta, had suddenly found my story and started read it from the beginning. I found myself loving the reviews that she was leaving. She was into it. Man, that got my mind kicking. So you can thank her for this. Or rather, she was just lucky to have found it when i was in a Star Trek mode. However, I have to warn you. I am not the same writer that I was when I started. No where close. I am not sure if that is good or bad. I hoped that you could say that I have improved, but I am not sure. I would like to say that I am, though it is what it is. That being said, if I had to rewrite this story from the beginning, I would probably change the shit out of it. So if you are a new reader, please forgive me for my mistakes and my pretty OOC moments that I know exist. I am pretty sure this is one of my first Fanfictions. Anyhow, here you go! Also, there are some flashbacks. You can tell the time jump by this weird thing- _(O(O)O)_ Chapter Six: The Bloody Truth Jim was still emotionally raw from the bar, though he was a puddle all day, but he got changed into his dress uniform like nothing had happened. The heavy material itched like ants were biting him, and he wanted nothing more than to rip it off; granted, he wasn't sure if he was imagining it. Everything felt time times worse than it was. He wasn't sure what was real lately, especially considering Spock threw logic to the wind. If Spock could do that, what else could he do? Heck, Jim didn't know what to think about that? Was he proud? Maybe? Whatever it was, Jim could not abandon Spock. Though he hesitated for a second, he rushed to Spock's defense without a care about his rank. His rank was the last thing on his mind, only Spock's rank. What did that say about him? Jim was sure it said something, but he could ponder that later. He had an Emergency session to get to, and he couldn't be late, not when the Admiralty already doubt his ability to lead after his inability to keep a First Officer. He had to make a good impression, which meant putting on his game face. This meant he had to show a united show, not that they needed to put on a show. Scotty and Jim were a solid team, never turning their back on the other. Scotty had showed this time and time again. They just needed to show they were a team, which they had a chance to do. Commander Scott had been notified and was heading to meet him in front the building. In a hurry to meet him, Jim made his way to Starfleet HQ, ignoring the panic that seemed to spout up around him. Jim had seen HQ at a variety of times, but none of those times compared to this. It was in a total uproar, which was discerning at this late of night. During his many restless nights, Jim had taken countless walks around his place, thinking about life, and in all of those times in the middle of the night, he had never seen it like this. This was something else. Granted, it wasn't surprising. He had heard the news, had seen the destruction in London. Even having fought Nero, the devastation flabbergasted him. He had been shocked by the entirety of it all, and damn it, he would be lying if he said it didn't freak him slightly. Who the hell would do something like that? "Captain!" "Scotty!" Jim replied, seeing his New First Officer by the entrance. A sad smile graced his face. If it was another day, he would tease the man about his dress uniform, which seemed out of place on him. The man had worn a dress uniform before, but he looked a bit out of place with his new rank. "You okay?" he asked, noticing the uneasiness in Scotty. "Yes, Sir. It's just goin' to take me a few to get used to this." He answered, adjusting his uniform. "My first meetin' as you First Officer, and it's for this." Jim forced the smile to say on his face and place a firm hand on Scotty's shoulder. "Don't worry. You got this. We got this." He didn't tell his new XO about the strange feeling in his gut—which, again, could be in his head. Spock had gotten him all confused with these feelings rushing up that he thought were dead. Feelings that he hadn't felt in a while. "Let's not keep them waiting." "Aye, Sir." Letting his smile slip away, Jim nodded and led them to the elevator. With each step, he forced himself to take a deep breath to clear his mind. Starfleet was attacked; he didn't have time for these sentiments bubbling up inside him. He blamed it on the good memories that he shared with Spock. God, they had so many good memories. They may be drowned out at times by the bad ones, but they existed, and they could still warm his heart. Jim could still see the smile—gifted for him only- that wormed its way onto Spock's face after one of their 'Date' nights. He could still see the emotions in Spock that was only shared with him. He missed those times. "Are you okay, Jim?" Scotty asked, breaking Jim away from his reminiscing. The doors had closed, and the elevator bolted upward. "Yea," he said with a soft smile. "Just thinking." He leaned against the side of the elevator and closed his eyes. Even now, he could see the Spock's face after one of their love sessions. He could feel his skin against his; it was a memory he could never rid himself of, and he wasn't sure if he wanted to. He might've pushed them back, but after learning of what Spock did—after he pulled a Jim-, it came rushing back. It was like he was seeing Spock for the first time again; it was like he was getting another view of Spock, a view he hadn't seen before. It was weird… Could he not say that word enough? "Well, don't think too hard, Jim. You know what happens when you do." "Ouch." They let silence fall between them, which Jim didn't mind. Sometimes talking was more uncomfortable than silence, especially when he had something heavy on his thoughts. He could ponder in peace. It wasn't until the door opened that Jim opened his eyes, feeling something stir in his gut long before the doors moved. It was a bizarre sensation, growing deep within stomach. Not moving, Jim lifted his head and glanced up; there was no denying the skipped his heart had just taken. "Spock." He uttered; his voice was too soft to hear. "Commander Spock," Scotty greeted. "How you doin' today, Sir?" It was as if Scotty had not spoken, as Spock paid no attention to him. The Vulcan's eyes were glued on Kirk, drinking him in like he had just stepped out of a desert and Kirk was his water. With his hands behind his back, Spock stepped onto the elevator and held his position by the door, effectively blocking the exit—though there wasn't much escape as the doors closed behind him. "Captain." Jim adjusted himself, but he didn't push himself off the wall. He just stared there at his former First Officer, unsure of what to say. What did he say? "I see you still have your ranks." His hands balling, he eyes dropped to the ranking on Spock's uniform. "So? Just a snap on the wrist?" he asked, pleased to see it. "It is fortunate that the consequences were not more severe," Spock answered, slowly. "I must admit I find myself at a loss of words to your actions. I was not expecting-" "Spock," Jim interrupted, not able to take the change in his voice. With a deep breath, his eyes snapped back up to Spock's eyes. God, he could get lost in them. "I couldn't let you be dishonorable discharged or demoted." "Discharged, Sir?" Scott asked, looking confused. Jim glanced toward Scotty—missing the slight twitch in Spock's shoulders—and smiled. "It's seemed like our former First Officer was channeling me, which I'm surprised didn't break him, and broke a few dozen Starfleet regulations. I'm so proud of him. I had to save his ass as you know him, falling on his sword, but man, I'm so proud." He turned back to Spock, who had taken step closer to Jim. His eyes still watched his every move. "That does not sound like our Mr. Spock," Scotty replied, looking between the two. "Has he hit-" "Why is Commander Scott accompanying you to the Emergency session," Spock asked, interrupting. Startled by the tone, Jim narrowed his eyes at Spock, trying to get a read on the man. It was harder than it used to be, which struck him more than he cared to admit. "He's my First Officer." He answered. "Excitin', isn't it?" Scotty asked, accent heavy. There was a light smile on his face, though fading a few seconds, as if he remembered who he was talking to. Spock spared the Scotty a look before glancing back to Jim. "Commander Scott will make fine First Officer," he replied. Once more, Jim was glued to Spock's eyes, and it took everything not to shiver under the immense heat. Shit. Shit. Shit. There was so much heat that it was almost too much to take. "Yup," he said, not finding the strength to say anything else. "Thank you, Mr. Spock. I hope to do him well." Scotty added. The Man, firmly Team Kirk, was not vengeful in anyway, which was why Jim had often used him as a sounding board. It was Chekov that Jim had to worry about, because that Russian was had a short temper, and he didn't have the best outlet for it. He really wondered what the man was saying half the time, but he was sure he should be worried anyhow. "Captain Kirk is a handful." "Hey!" Jim protested, still unable to look away. What was wrong with him? And why was Spock looking at him like this? "That he is, Mr. Scott, but it is an honor that I wished I still had." Spock answered. "An honor I would do anything for." Jim didn't know what to say to that. "Spock." "Jim," Spock said, softly. Something darted behind his eyes, but it was gone the next. "I am requesting a moment alone to speak with you after the Emergency session." There it was. Jim didn't need to ask what this was about; he knew what this was about. Heck just look at that gaze Spock was giving him. However, he was saved from having to answer as the doors opened. A life saver if there ever was one. Unsure of what to say, Jim smiled. "We got a meeting to get to! Let's go," he said, bolting pass both Spock and Scotty. He was sure that he was acting like a child avoiding his problems, but his middle name was James Avoid My Problems Kirk. Both Spock and Scotty called after him, but like his middle name suggested, he ignored them. *O*O* Whenever Jim spoke to Pike, Jim had to figure out first who it was he was talking to. There were different versions of Christopher Pike, depending on what the situation called for. Jim, being the idiot that he was at times, had almost seen all of the versions of the old man. Right now, even in a room filled of Admirals, Pike was more than just Pike. He was Chris. He was channeling his inter dad mode and eyed Jim the second he had stepped into the room. "You okay?" he asked, crossing to the Captain. "You looked like you have seen a ghost." With a weak smile, Jim looked around the busy room, taking note of all the Admirals, Captain and First Officers. It was odd to see this many in a small room, a first for Jim. He noticed a few of Admirals from tribunal staring at him with a few cold expressions that he could not read. Having gone in hot, he didn't make any friends, but he was sure everyone now knew he had a set of balls on him, which probably impressed a few of them. "Got trapped in an elevator with Spock." He answered with a chuckling sigh. "It was so much fun." "Did you two talk or did you run away like a scared child?" he asked, giving Jim a skeptical look. "Hm?" Jim wasn't sure if he should be insulted by what Chris was referring—even if that was exactly what he did-, but he felt somewhat affronted. However, no one needed to know that "What is there to talk about?" he asked, catching sight of Scotty in the doorway. The Scottish man met Jim's eyes, holding his glance. Pike let out a harsh sigh. "Like how you put your ass on the line for Commander Spock? Or the fact that Spock still loves you?" he asked, stating facts. "I am pretty sure he would get on his knees and beg if he thought it would work." There was no explaining how Jim felt at hearing those words, but there was no denying that he would always care for Spock. But did that mean he still loved the man? He didn't know where to begin as that was tricky question to answer. He couldn't tell if he loved the memories or he loved the man. Did love go away? Besides, what did that change? There was no going backwards. "Chris." Pike placed a firm hand on Jim's shoulder and closed the distance between them. It was a rather intimate move, which didn't go unnoticed by the rest of the room. However, it was no secret that the Admiral saw the Captain like a son. Pike had gone to bat for Kirk many times over, and that wasn't going to change anytime soon. "Can you really say you don't love him? You rushed to his aid without a care what could happen to you." Jim wasn't sure if that was completely true, but it was true he wasn't thinking about his own skin. "What do you want from me?" he asked, not having an answer. It wasn't like he knew what to say, and heck, why did any of this matter to Chris? "Jim," Chris uttered, his eyes growing soft. There was a silent plead in this voice. Why did people want to bring up the past? "There's Admiral Marcus. We should take a seat." Thank God! The Admiral had just walked into the room, and Marcus looked really to kill. Given the situation, he had every right to be angry. They were attacked, people were killed. Jim and Chris sat at the closest seats, sitting next to each other. Spock, who had walked in after Scotty, and Scotty took their seats as well, acting like bookends to their commanding officers. And even with Pike sitting between them, Jim could still feel Spock's eyes on him. It was unnerving. At the end of the large circular table, Marcus sat and gave everyone a once over. His eyes were calculating and cold. "Thank you for convening on such short notice. By now, some of you have heard what happened in London. The target was a Starfleet data archive. Now it's a damned hole in the ground. Forty-two men and women are dead. One hour ago, I received a message from a Starfleet officer who confessed to carrying out this attack, that he was being forced to do it by this man, Commander John Harrison." On the screens in front of them, a dark-haired man appeared. Commander Harrison was a straight face man, and his cold expression showed that. While everyone was looking down at the picture and his record, Marcus flickered his attention to Kirk, who was having a moment. At hearing that name, Jim froze as if he was drowned in a bucket of ice. His heart shot up through his chest, pounding heavily in his ear. He was in the twilight zone, and he felt sick, truly sick. No matter how many times he closed his eyes John was on the P.A.D.D. in front of him, staring angrily at him. The man didn't look any different from the last time Jim had seen him, even in his current cross state. Scotty, also knowing Harrison, stirred slightly and glanced at Jim. "Jim," he uttered, softly. Closing his eyes once more, Jim let out a soft sigh. He caught Scotty's stare. "Not now," he replied back. Marcus's cold eyes drifted from Kirk to the rest of the group. "He's one of our own. And he's the man responsible for this act of savagery. For unknown reasons, John Harrison has just declared a one-man war against Starfleet. And under no circumstances are we to allow this man to escape Federation space. You here tonight represent the senior command of all the vessels in the region. And in the name of those we lost, you will run this bastard down." He slammed his fist down on the table. With the banging echoing in his ears, Jim tried to slow his breathing down, but there was no stopping the memories that started to work their way up. How the hell could John do this? This wasn't the man that Jim knew. This wasn't the man who Jim had spent weeks working next to. This wasn't… No, Jim couldn't go down that path. His increased panic wasn't missed by Scotty, who was placed a soft hand on Jim's leg. Pike even noticed, sending Jim side glances. "This is a manhunt, pure and simple, so let's get to work. Earth's perimeter sensors have not detected any warp signatures leaving the system, so we know he can't be far. You will park your ships in a blockade formation then deploy search vehicles and landing parties to run down every lead." Marcus continued, his voice coming out in a growl. His aggressive eyes once more flickering to Jim, he studies the look on the Young's Captain's look. It went unnoticed by everyone—besides Spock, who narrowed his eyes at the interaction. Jim, with a deep intake of air, flashed back to the first time he had met John. He hadn't been sure of the no-nonsense man, when he first met him, but he had shoved those feelings away the second John complemented him. It was ridiculous that he let down his guard after a few nice words, but he knew why. He was sure everyone knew why, and Jim hated himself for it. How could he fall for that? So what if he wasn't complemented during his childhood? _(O(O)O)_ The sun may be out, warming everything that it touched; however, there was a chill in the air that was not there a few days ago. It was not yet December, but Jim found himself in a jacket, the weather threatening to dip below 60 degrees. The wind was light; yet, it was enough to send a shiver down his back. Jim, the rule breaker, could've put on a heavier coat; Starfleet did provide regulation coats, which provided more warmth. But where was the fun in that? Instead, he wore his worn, beat up leather jack over top his Starfleet Uniform, looking out of place along the other officers. He had gotten some odd looks in his jacket, but Jim ignored them as he looked upon the Providence, which was coming together. Scotty could be seen in the distance, chatting with some of the techs about one of his designs. The Scotsman was heaven right now, building his own ship. Not many people could say they were involved with building the ship that they would serve on it. Jim was sure Scotty would love the ship that much more. Jim could say that for that same reason. Chekov was the same, as the young Russian, at any time, could be found on Providence itself slaving away on the operating system. With the outer core was complete, Chekov with help had joyously switched. He couldn't wait to get the ship in the air, and once the flight system was completed, the ship would be launched and finished in space. From time to time, Jim would assist with the programing, finding himself enjoying it. Granted, he wasn't sure if this was because he enjoyed this kind of work, or rather, he loved the look on Pavel's face. Anyhow, it gave him an inside look at the systems that would operate the Providence, though that wasn't how he spent most of his time. Somehow, Admiral Pike, who was off planet on the Enterprise and not here to rant to, had convinced Jim to teach at the Academy while on Earth, so that was how Jim spent his day. It was odd, especially when it wasn't so long ago that he was a Cadet running through those very halls. He did have a new understanding of how stupid the cadets were now that he was looking through the eyes of a Professor. That aside, he enjoyed it, especially when the Cadets were into the class. So, what if he felt the need to complain about it time to time? Even on Earth, his Captain mode was never 'off,' and Jim took in his surroundings like he was going to war. His eyes darted to each person, taking them in each in, as he made his way to the bay doors. Once assuring himself that nothing was wrong – something he found himself checking more than once lately-, he headed to check on Chekov, wanting to see if there was anything he needed. Pavel might disagree and say he had everything under control while spouting off in Russian—a clear sign that Ensign was over his head. It may take some convincing, but the young Ensign would admit it and accept Jim's help. Man, his crew had some quirks to them, though he loved them all the more for it. A smile grew on Jim's face as he buried his hands in the pockets of the leather Jacket, trying to protect himself from the chill. God, he really did love it here. He loved his crew. He loved everything about it. Looking back, he had no idea how he could live anyhow way. It- "I doubt that jacket is regulation, Captain." A voice said, cutting off Jim's train of through. There was hint of playfulness in it. With a grin still on his face, Jim turned to the jovial voice. "Oh, I think it makes me look dashing." He said, taking in dark haired man. His hair reminded Kirk of a Raven, and his eyes were something out of a romance novel. The man—A Commander, judging from his rankings on his uniform—gave Jim a look once over. "I see someone is quite full of themselves," he said with an English accent. "I didn't catch your name, Commander," Jim said, staring at the man. His Captain voice was breaking through, as he was a bit unsure of what to make of the man. Though he didn't—couldn't remember everyone he met-, he had not seen this Commander here before. "I didn't give it," he replied, holding out his hand for Jim to shake. "Commander John Harrison." Grudgingly, Jim took his hand out of his pocket and take Harrison's hand. He gave him a hard shook; a handshake said a lot about a man. "Captain Kirk, but I'm sure you knew it." Harrison held on to Jim's hand longer than necessary, almost pulling Jim into him. "Yes, I did." he replied, finally letting go of Jim's hand, which went straight back in his jacket's pocket. Jim took a look around before turning back to the Commander. "So, you're here to hassle me about my choice in jackets?" he asked, taking a step back from the man. "Seems like a hassle." The strange Commander took out his P.A.D.D. and turned it on. Even from this angle, the blueprints for Providence were clearly visible on the screen. "Admiral Marcus sent me. He believed that I could be of assistance here." Admiral Marcus was a legend. Jim had never spoke or been remotely close to him, though he had heard him speak quite a few times. On reputation alone, the Admiral made Jim nervous, being a no-nonsense kind of man; plus, he was the head of Starfleet and could make or break you in a matter of seconds. There was also the fact that Marcus was Pike's mentor, and Pike thought extremely high of the man. When Pike was in a talking mood, he could go on and on about the man, about how many lives he had personally saved. About how many missions he had under his belt. In Pike's eyes, there was no one better, and shit scared Jim. "Did he now?" he asked. "He did. The Providence is going to be the top of the line ship, the best of Starfleet, and with my expertise, he believed I would best be served here." Harrison holding something else back, but Jim wasn't sure what. "What is your specialty?" Jim asked. His hands were still buried in his pocket "I am an advance weapon expert," he replied, his eyes drifting over Jim's head. "A weapon expert? Why would I need a weapon expert working on my ship? Are you upgrading our Photon Torpedoes or something?" Jim asked, following his glance. Scotty had stepped away from the other Engineers he was speaking to and looked at Jim and Harrison. Narrowing his eyes, he was slowly making his way to them. Harrison turned his full attention back to Jim, staring into his eyes. "Starfleet may be a peace keeping organization, but you can never be too careful, Captain Kirk." He said, stressing Jim's rank. Jim knew the man had a point, and he would have to give it to Harrison, considering the number of times someone had tried to kill him. He could faintly feel Salean's hands on him squeezing the fight out of him, which chilled him to the bone. Not now, he scorned himself. "You may have a point, but that isn't what Starfleet is about. However, that doesn't mean I won't do whatever it takes to keep my crew safe. So, go ahead. Do you stuff, but my main concern is my crew." The look in Harrison's eyes changed. "Your crew is your family." "Yes, they are," Jim answered, turning from Harrison. "And I'll do anything for them." That was an understatement. He would die for them, which was why he left the Enterprise. He loved—still loved—that ship, but he could not risk anything happening to that ship or her crew, even if it meant he went through hell. Before Harrison could replied, Scotty appeared at Jim's side, his eyes drilling into Harrison. "And who do we have here, Captain?" Scotty asked. He was asking nicely, but there was a hint of something else behind it. "Commander Harrison," The Commander offered, not holding out a hand like he did with Kirk. "I was informing our Captain here about how Admiral Marcus lent me to Providence for the time being. You will be seeing a lot of me, Mr. Scott. But do not worry, I have no interest of stealing your girl." There was a light scowl on Scotty's face as he fully took in Harrison. "Why was I not made aware of this? I'm goin' to the Chief Engineer aboard this beauty. I need to know what happens on my ship." There was no denying how protective Scotty was of his ship—something that Jim and Scotty playfully fought on. "I wasn't aware of this either, Scotty." Jim commented, his eyes still on Harrison. There was something mysterious about the Commander, and Jim wasn't sure if he liked it or not. There was no denying how attractive this Harrison was, especially when he looked at you with those eyes of his. "But I suppose it won't do any harm. The legendary Admiral Marcus would not stir us wrong." "Indeed, Captain Kirk." Harrison replied. Jim didn't realize it then, but he would realize soon after that Harrison had him. _(O(O)O)_ "This man has shown willingness to kill innocent people, so the rules of engagement are simple. If you come across this man and fear for your life or the lives of those nearby, you are authorized to use deadly force on sight," Marcus ordered, his cold voice snapping Jim out of his thoughts. The coldness of his voice could freeze hell. Jim forced himself to take a few deep breaths, as he stared down at John, his eyes scanning every inch of the photo. The photo was not the best, taking from a half-melted security camera, but it clear enough to see make out everything. John, even in the devastation, looked calmed and collected as if he had just walked out spa. It may have been a few months since Jim had seen John—John, who at one point had turned down the offer to be Jim's First Officer—but this photo stirred some unwelcomed feelings within him. Forcing his thoughts away from that, Jim turned his attention to the bag he was carrying. "What's in the bag?" Jim asked, turning to Pike. Chris, even if Jim told him everything nowadays, had no idea that John and Jim were closed or even knew each other. For some reason, Jim was scared to tell the Admiral, the closest thing he had to a father, about John. Chris gave Jim a look, stunned that he dated to speak while Marcus was still taking. "Jim, not now," Pike said as softly as he could. Over Pike's head, Spock's attention snapped to Jim, as he was able to hear Jim's whispers. Scotty leaned in a bit, staining to hear. Jim shot each of them a look, hating this. He would rather be hiding from his feelings, pondering if he still loved Spock than looking at this. John had been entered his life, when he needed it—not that he realized it at the time. "It doesn't seem odd to you that he'd target an archive. It's like bombing a library." Having spent weeks together working on the Providence, he knew John wasn't stupid not in the least. There was a purpose for everything that he did. Once more, Marcus's eyes were on Jim. "Everything okay there, Kirk?" he asked. Jim looked up, scanning the room. His eyes counted everyone as they looked at him. He spared a second with Chris and Scotty before looking back up at Marcus. Was why the Admiral looking at him like that? "I'm fine, sir. My apologies." "Spit it out, son. Don't be shy." Why did everyone refer to him as son? He was not his son. Not the time, Kirk. He told himself. "Why the archive? All that information is public record, and if he really wanted to damage Starfleet, this could just be the beginning." That sounded like John, a man always thinking ahead. "The beginning of what, Mr. Kirk?" "Sir, in the event of an attack, protocol mandates that senior command gather captains and first officers at Starfleet HQ, right here. In this room," He said, feeling something foreign pool in his stomach. Spock leaned forward, pass Pike to look at Jim. There was no tell on the Vulcan's face, but Jim could see there was something forming just behind his eyes. He was once more drilling into him with those same eyes. "It is curious Harrison would commandeer a jump ship without warp capabilities." The room fell silent for a second, as something horrible dawned on them. However, that was all got to ponder that as in less than a second, the room was flooded by a bright piecing red light. Burning, it was like looking at the sun and forced several to look away. Jim, his gut screaming at him, was on his feet before he could comprehend what he was doing. From the corner of his eyes, he could see Spock stand up and take a protective step toward him. Annoyance grew at the sight of it—he didn't need protecting, damn it-, but it was gone the next, spotting the man in the pilot seat. Just like that, Jim was doused in ice, feeling someone had dropped the temperature to match the arctic; his entire body shivered. He never thought himself as this kind of man, but yet, he froze. John, straight face as ever, hovered in the jump ship, his cold eyes meeting Jim's. Holding his focus, time had slowed down. With John's eyes on the Jim the whole time, John's hand flicked, disappearing from the wheel. "Clear the room!" Jim yelled, realizing what was coming next. Just as the first shot was fired- its echo deafening-, Spock jumped into action. With a hard shove, he pushed Pike to the ground and leaped over the Admiral to Jim. Their bodies collided hard, taking them both down in a loud and painful thump. Using gravity, Spock pinned Jim to the ground and used his body to protect his former Captain, which Kirk was not happy. Jim didn't like this overprotectiveness when Spock was his First Officer, but he hated it now. However, that was an issue for another time. Right now, Jim had to deal with John, who was raining hell down upon them. "Jim," Spock called, mere inches from his face. Giving him his famous Captain look, Jim looked at him. His eyes said it all. "Get off, Commander." _(O(O)O)_ The outside of the Providence was deceitful as it gave illusion that the ship was nearly complete. However, one look at the inside, it was clear that the ship had a long way to go. Whole sections of walls were missing. Large segments of walkways were absent, leaving engineers to fall to their doom if not careful. There was not a single door on the ship, besides the ones in engineering. Complete panels were missing from several departments. The bridge was built, but it was just an empty room with a good view. On Jim's more sentimental days, he would bring up a chair and would sit there all day. Either Bones, Chekov or Scotty would have to force him away. That was not to say that their girl could not fly, having hovered a few times. If the Providence needed to be in the air, it could be piloted from engineering with a smiling Scotty at the helm. Even if in the beginning stages, it still did it for Jim. It gave him goose bumps, knowing the fun he would be having on that very bridge. God, he loved being on this ship. Even, this state did it for him. It was amazing to watch it come to. It gave you a whole new outlook on it Even if he didn't like it, it had been a few days since he was on the Providence. Besides being a Professor, he still had sessions with Dr. Jones a couple times a week, so his time on the Providence was limited, especially with the drive. So, any time he could be here, he made the most of it, never allowing himself to rest for a second. Jim, in his Professor blacks, walked through the ship with a huge smile on his face. He could not wait until he was in that Captain seat again. There was nowhere else he belonged; it was in his DNA. It was- "Captain Kirk." Snapping out of his thoughts, Jim turned to the voice. "Commander Harrison," he spoke, seeing the Commander walking toward him. "You're still here?" "And I see you are now in regulation." He replied, his voice dragging bit. Jim's eye twitched, sizing him up. "My jacket and I feel personally attacked," he teased, playing hurt. Like before, there was an P.A.D.D. in John's hand, but this time, he had oil spattered across his hands and face. There was a large black spot on his forehead and chin. There were specks of blood on his hands well, mixed with the oil. If there was any bit of oil or blood on his clothes, it was not visible on his black clothes. Harrison gave him a smile—an actual smile. Okay, that was weird. "Oh, Captain. I did not mean it as such." He said, taking a step toward him. "And I must agree. The leather jacket does more for you than those Professor blacks." He gave Kirk a once over, his eyes lingering on his chest. "Though, you do not look bad in anything." There was no denying the odd feeling that bloomed in his stomach. It was so odd that Jim didn't even know where to begin to explain what he was feeling. Seriously, what the hell was this? "Oh, I'm sure you could find something. Like a chicken suit. I doubt I would look good in that. You may." "I do not believe I would as well," Harrison replied, his voice husky. He glanced down at the P.A.D.D., his eyes scanning over the results that popped up on it. "So, what are you looking over?" Jim asked, while he pushed whatever he was feeling down. "I am currently integrating the Weapon system with the Providence's core." Harrison's fingers moved upward on the P.A.D.D., scrolling through the data. "Mr. Chekov has been watching me like a hawk, so don't worry, Captain. I won't hurt your ship." Again, he stressed the word Captain. Jim chuckled as a smile grew on his face. "Ensign Chekov is a very protective. If you stay here, you got to get used to that." He paused for a second, thinking about how overprotective the young man was now that they lived together. Granted, the Russian was just as protective even when they weren't. "But we love him for it." "The question is: is Mr. Chekov protective of the ship or you." Harrison looked around, watching the hallways for something. "I have come to learn in my short time here that you love your crew as much as they love you." That was not the first time Jim had heard that, having been reminded of it often. Spock, the man who still struck a core within Jim, had reminded him of this every time there was a bruise on him. Bones, his new bossy roommate (yay, two overprotective roommates), reminded Jim every day. The good doctor didn't even have to say; it was in his eyes every time he looked at Jim. "Do they have you shaking in your boots?" Jim asked. Harrison's eyebrow shot up for a second before the smile returned to his face. "If I ever serve on a ship, I desire it to be on a ship with a crew like this. A family." "You might pull your hair out." Jim smiled. "So, what specific weapon system are you working on?" A Cheshire cat smile appeared on Harrison's face. "Mr. Kirk, why don't we discuss this over a meal?" he asked. That funny feeling was back, and once more, Jim had no idea what this was. It was weird. He wasn't even sure if he liked John Harrison, but here he was. They were joking and chatting with the other like friends. "Sure, we'll get to know each better. Maybe, Scotty and Chekov would like you better." *O*O* Jim had said it once, but he would say it again: being a Professor was weird. It was only a short while ago that he was a trouble making student; plus, it was odd to be called 'Professor.' It made him felt old, which was not allowed. He wasn't even thirty yet! He was not old any kind of way… even if he was basically old. He was living an old man's life. All he did was sleep, eat, teach, work on Providence, eat and sleep in that order. On the odd days, he would see Dr. Jones and play chess games with Chekov. Shit, he rarely went out anymore, not remembering the last time he had done so. Okay. Maybe, he was an old man. With a strange smile, he dismissed his class and collected his things. He had free moment before his next class. Jim didn't know what to do with himself when he had moments like this, though he supposed food was in order. His stomach growling, he didn't have much to eat this morning. "Food it is," he uttered, zipping up his bag. He picked up his bag—how weird to have a bag in a paperless world? — and turned to the door. He froze, noticing a man in the doorway. "Oh, Commander Harrison. Hey," He greeted, his voice going up a bit in his surprise. Said man walked down the aisleway toward Jim. There was a neutral smile on his face, only changing when he was mere feet from Jim. "Good Afternoon, Professor Kirk." What was with this man and stressing his title? "I still don't whose thought it was the best idea to make me a Professor." He paused for a second. "Shit, I think scared all of my professors, when I was in the academy." Harrison laughed—freaken laughed. "Oh, I can see that." "What are you doing here, Commander?" Jim asked. He held his bag close to him, as he took the man in. Once more, he wore all black, but this time, he wore a navy Starfleet bomber jacket. "Did we not agree to a meal? I am here to collect," Harrison answered with a smile. A surprised look on his face, Jim never expected the man to agree, even if it was his idea. "Um, sure. I have a class later, so we can't go off campus. But there is this nice café overlooking the ocean." "Sounds good, Captain. Lead the way?" Harrison said, stepping aside and letting Jim wall pass him. With a smile, Jim led the Harrison to the Café. They didn't speak much as they walked, though Jim was focused on not working into anyone. At this time of day, the Academy was busy as a beehive with cadets everywhere, and he was playing frogger. He had lost count of how many times someone had walked into him and how many red faces he had come across. Jim, the nice guy that he was, smiled at them and told them it was fine. After a while, he wondered if the students did it on purpose as none of the other Professors seemed to have this issue. "I hope this is okay?" Jim asked, after finding a table at the little café. Surprisingly, they were able to find a table at the busy café, but if Jim had to think about it, it was probably due to who he was. That tended to happen when you save the planet. "I like this place. It has a nice view." He waved to the bay. There was a nice view of the Golden State Bridge. "I agree, Captain." Harrison replied, as he picked up the menu. "It is a good choice." Jim's eye twitched, growing tired of the man calling him Captain. He reminded him of a certain Vulcan, which irritated him. It just hurt. "You got to stop calling me Captain, especially when we're sharing a meal together." He picked up his own menu and started to look through it. Everything, with his growling stomach, looked good. "Call me Jim." Harrison looked up and smiled. "If you call me, John." There was something weird in his tone, but it was gone a second later. "It is only fair." Before looking back at his menu, he glanced around. There was that feeling again. "Okay, John." Jim smiled. "So how do you like working on the Providence?" "She will be amazing ship, once she is completed, and you will be one lucky captain," Harrison answered, looking back at Jim. "You better be careful. I might be tempted to steal her from you." Jim laughed, his cheeks heating up. "You can try, but you will fail. And then you'll have to deal with an angry Scotty and a vengeful Chekov. Those two you don't want to make mad. Well, you probably shouldn't make Bones mad either. He'll hypo you and laugh while doing it." Bones and he may not be where they were in the past, but Jim counted him as a friend. "Well, I seem to have no issue with making those two mad. I have lost count how many times Commander Scott had ranted at me, while Ensign Chekov cursed at me in Russian." The smile had not left Harrison's face. He leaned back in his chair, as his eyes once more glanced around the café. Jim followed his eyes. "Are you okay? You keep looking around." "Ah, you noticed. Of course, you would. You are worthy of your rank," the Commander said, taking another look at the tables around them. "You draw a lot of eyes. You must've drove your previous First Officer crazy." With a chuckle, Jim could acknowledge that. "I can admit that I drove Commander Spock crazy." Then again, there were a lot of things that drove the Vulcan crazy, but Jim would rather not think about that. "But what can I say, I'm young Captain. I am-" "Stop that," Harrison ordered, giving Jim a hard look. "I will not listen to you bad mouth yourself, even if you wear an out of regulation jacket. As I started before, you're a worthy Captain. Your age has nothing to do with it. You have something that no one else has. You have the loyalty and love of your crew. You have the respect of your peers. Just look around, you attract attention where you go because you are James T Kirk. This is not because you are a fool. You are no fool." His eyes locked onto Jim's, refusing to let the young Captain to look away. "Not with that brilliant mind of yours." "Um, yea." Jim had no doubt that his face was cherry red. "Chekov is not cursing you. He's probably just frustrated. He gets frustrated a lot." He didn't know what to say to Harrison- No, John. He should call him John after those words. John's eyebrow rose. "Я не слишком уверен в этом," he replied in Russian. "Oh, shit," Jim exclaimed, his eyes widened. "Does Chekov not know?" "Why would I inform him that I speak Russian? Where would the fun be in that?" John asked with a shrug. Before Jim could reply, the waitress—smiling largely at Jim— gave them their drinks and took their order. Being the nice man that he was, Jim smiled at her. She lingered a bit before noticing John's cold eyes, which were solely focused on her. She backed away as quickly as she could, disappearing into the kitchen. This went unnoticed by Jim. Jim waited until she was out of sight before he turned back to John, his eyes completely soft. "I can talk to Chekov for you. Admiral Marcus has you helping us out. It would do no good for Chekov to be cursing at you." The idea that Chekov was swearing at the Commander was off putting. That did not sound like the Chekov Jim knew, though he did know the man was protective of all things he held dear. "Where would the fun be in that, Jim?" he asked, popping out Jim's name. He was giving Jim a large smile. Shaking his head, Jim let out a chuckle. "Okay." He paused for a second. "But you okay with this? I don't want you to be insulted or uncomfortable." Jim wasn't sure how long Commander Harrison would stay, but he would treat him apart of his crew and that involved respect. He may not know why he needed an advance weapon specialist, but he was here. "Why would I take it as an insult, Jim? It is a reflection of how your crew sees you, and there is no better show of respect." Shit, that feeling was back in his stomach, and Jim couldn't stop the blush forming on his cheeks. However, he wasn't so sure it had ever left. He was pretty sure it was painted on his face at the moment John found him in his classroom. God, what was wrong with him? "Well, yea, thank you." John took a slip of his drink, his eyes still on Jim. "No thanks needed, Jim." Jim needed to change the conversion now. "So, why don't you tell me what you are working on? What does Admiral Marcus have you working on?" With that, John explained his current project on the Providence. _(O(O)O)_ Pain wasn't new for Jim, having experienced it throughout his life. He had lost his father on the day of his birth—something that would always haunt him. Lost his mother shortly after due her seeing his father's ghost everywhere she looked. He had been abused his entire life. All of this was due to George's death, and even after all these years, he couldn't rid himself of that. He hated his counterpart because of this. Selek, Spock's counterpart, had told him very little about his timeline, but he knew his counterpart had grew up with his father. He had the love of two loving parents. That wasn't something Jim could ever get over. However, Jim had learned to live it with. He had learned to accept the pain and grow with it, as it made him who he was. It made him strong, even if he doubted himself. It gave him balls, his fighting spirit that could not be curbed. It was also why he could do this job so well, but that didn't mean he didn't he felt. He still felt the sharp pain in his chest, and no matter how often he built up his shield, it ate at him. Right now, Jim felt nothing but pain, and he wanted nothing more than to pull his heart from his chest. He wanted nothing more than revenge, killing the man who had caused him this pain. Though he may not be thinking with a level head, Jim prided himself with putting people first. Life was important to him, and he would do whatever it took to save those around him. However, right now, he couldn't find those thoughts. Right now, he wanted to kill someone, and there was one person in mind. Fuck John. Fucken that man. Fucken everything, he had ever said to him. There was no describing the pain that shot through when he searched for Chris in the rumble. Everything that Jim had prided himself on went out the window at the sight of Pike bloody and broken on the ground. Pike was like—No, he was a father to Jim, always there for Jim. He was there, even when Jim didn't think he needed it. He was there even when Jim didn't want it. He was there when he had tried to quit Starfleet. Even in his darkest moments, Chris believed in him, supporting him though everything, and Jim didn't know how to handle being alive without that in his life. The very idea made his heart ache. Damn it, Jim thought, trying to keep back the tears. "Damn it," Jim cursed, loudly as he stared at Christopher Pike's stilled body. His heart was pounding in his chest as Jim fell to Pike's side with a loud thump. Jim, holding his breath, checked for a pulse. It took him a few tries with his hands shaking-tremoring. All of his training disappeared at the sight of Chris, struggling to breathe. He couldn't lose this man. He couldn't. "Yes, yes." He yelled, feeling a pulse. "Chris." The Admiral was alive, clinging to life. Chris, his eyes opened, was staring up at Jim. There was this indescribable fear and panic in the man's face that broke Jim. Chris attempted to speak, his mouth opening, but nothing came out besides a pained moan. It was- "Jim," Spock called, lowing himself next to his former Captain. Jim, still shaking, glanced up, staring at his former lover. Memories started to force their way up as Spock was all too close to him, but he didn't have it in him to push the man away. Instead, he leaned into him—something he would regret later, but he didn't care. Spock had been his rock in the past, and he needed that now. "Pike needs Medical. He needs it now! Get Bones." With a firm hand on Jim's shoulder, Spock flipped open his communicator. The Vulcan's words were lost to Jim, whose sole attention was on Pike. "Get Bones." Spock, keeping his former Captain close, pulled the shaking Captain closer. He was talking into his communicator; his words were nothing but breaths to the Captain, who hovered over the downed Admiral. Everything around Jim disappeared, as he pressed his hand against the wound on Chris's chest, trying to stop the blood. "There's too much blood. Too much." The blood was painfully warm under Jim's hands, and it took everything in Jim to apply pressure and not panic. It felt like someone had placed a bag over his head and pulled it tight, making it difficult to breathe. God, his stomach was flipping, as he watched Pike grow paler. "Get Bones. I need Bones." "He is coming, Jim," Spock answered, his voice soft. His breath was hot against Jim's ear. "I need you to breathe, T'hy'la. I need you to breath." Spock's hand fell down from Jim's shoulder to his lower back. "Admiral Pike will be okay. Doctor McCoy is on his way. We will both keep the pressure on. It will be okay." Spock placed his hand on Pike's wound, right next to Jim's hand. The tips of their fingers touched, but neither paid any attention. Jim was worried about Pike, while Spock was focused on Jim. The emergency session was a shit fest, and it showed. This conference room looked like someone had set off the bomb, which wasn't far from the truth. There was a layer of dust on everything; the lights were gone. There were holes in the walls and the next room over. Tables were overturned. Part of the ceiling were now on the ground, and there was glass everywhere. Blood was shattered everyone as there was multiple bodies. Yet, Pike, Scott, Spock, and Jim were alive, though not all in the same fashion. Chris was barely hanging on. Scotty's head was bleeding, but overall, he was in one piece besides his uniform, which was ripped in several places. Spock, besides the blood sprinkled across his uniform and his hair out of place, was fine. Having kicked himself into action, Jim's shoulder was throbbing—being hit by something. Jim didn't know what, considering he went into autopilot. Besides disabling John's jump ship, he couldn't remember what exactly he did; well, he didn't remember it clearly. It was a fog, but he did know Bones was going to give him hell for his injuries. However, none of that mattered; he was unable think about anything else besides the man, who had become his father. He was unable to draw himself away from Chris, who looked to be on death's door. The man was pale, a deadly pale, and he was lined in dark bruise and deep cuts up and down his body. And He was covered in blood. God, he couldn't stop thinking about the warm liquid that now covered his hand. Jim couldn't stop thinking about his father, a man who had been through hell. With shaky legs already, it was unlikely that Pike would ever walk again… well that was if he woke. No! He would wake again, because Jim refused to think otherwise. Bones would save him. "Jim," Spock called again. Another warm body settled next to Jim, but it meant nothing to him. His anger was back, clouding everything. His ever-growing anger. Jim blamed himself for not seeing this, for not realizing what Commander John Harrison was up to until it was too late. How could be so stupid? How could he not see it? How could he allow himself to be used by that man? It did not matter what it took; Jim was going to kill John Harrison. Author note: So, I hoped you like this chapter. I had fun writing it. I will note I don't recall exactly how I would have ended this all those years ago. Judging by what my past self wrote in that unfinished, unpublished chapter 6, this is already completely different. And I am okay with that. LOL I do know that my past self wanted to keep Pike alive, so damn it. I am keeping him alive. He died too soon in my mind. Until next time!
Hello, I am back. YAY me. I liked this chapter, but you let me know what you think. Reviews are nice. Reminder: _(O(O)O)_ this means a change in the timeline. Flashback alert. Chapter 7: Warning Signs Commander John Harrison wasn't like any other Starfleet officer you might meet. He was far superior, and as it stood now, there was no one that could take him down, which was why this entire situation angered him. There were a few things that angered 'John Harrison' with one of them being the name John Harrison. God, he hated that name more. He also hated this face; the blue eyes and white skin were off putting. It was an ugly mask. A mask that hide his true standing. Hiding his identity felt like he was ashamed of himself and he was not. He was only ashamed of his failure, which he would correct. Admiral Marcus, the fool that he was, tried to take this from him. The Admiral stole his face, his memories and his name in the attempt to turn him into a pet. It worked for a while, controlling him like a dog. This was until his memory returned and his true self was restored. His name wasn't John Harrison. He was Khan Noonien Singh, and he was a King. He had ruled one-quarter of Earth, and he would have that again soon enough. He refused to be anything else. After discovering who he was, he desired nothing more than Marcus's blood. He wanted to bring a blade down on Marcus's throat and slit it open. He wanted to watch the life leave his body, but any action against the Admiral would mean action against his crew, his family. Marcus was holding his crew over his head, and as long as he had them, Khan was trapped. Even if it made him sick, he was the man's trained pet, doing his bidding for the time being. Yet, he wasn't powerless. Khan was a general. He was a genius, unmatched. Solutions—Plans- formed in his head. Equations were flashing before his eyes, allowing him an insight into the future the Marcus couldn't begin to see. Khan was making moves that should've been left unseen for years. Marcus, like the rest of Starfleet, was too thick and unintelligent to see that they were being played. It would've and should've led to the Admiral's downfall. It just sheer luck that Khan's plan was discovered, forcing Khan to flee. A nauseating feeling bloomed in his stomach, unfamiliar nerves dancing through his system; it was clear what Macus's discovery meant. There was no doubt Marcus would have his crew killed for this with nothing Khan could do beside revenge. With fury in his heart, he would proudly do. Retribution was the least he could do for his family. It is what they deserved, and nothing would stop him from spilling Marcus' blood. Innocents may be killed, but he had no issue with sacrificing them to get what he wanted. While he had sympathy for a father trying to save his daughter, he had no issue with blackmailing and sacrificing Thomas Harewood for his goals. He shed no tears to him, or the people killed in the destruction of Kelvin Memorial Archive. In fact, he submersed himself in bloodiness of it all, the glory of it all. He drunk it in and took great joy in ripping Marcus and his precious Starfleet apart at the seams. The destruction of the Archive was the beginning and a means to the end; it put the Admiral where Khan wanted. Protocol would mandate that senior command gather the captains and first officers at Starfleet HQ for an emergency session. This would his chance to take out Starfleet command in one quick shot, and he would gladly take it. It was an itch that he would scratch. They stole his family and he would repay them violently and swiftly for that. They would pay for stealing his identity, his life. He was not their pet. He would show them his teeth. The jumpship moved smoothly under Khan's gently hands, obeying his every order. Khan was grateful for this as he had to be careful when moving undetected through Starfleet controlled air. It was laughable to how easy he got through their defenses, which reinforce Khan's cause. It strengthened his thoughts on Starfleet: how inferior they truly were. With a mission to complete, he forced the smile off his face while the jumpship quickly and smoothly climbed the side of the building. Though the likelihood of failure was low, Khan couldn't allow himself to become cocky. Marcus knew he was coming, and anything was possible. Yet, it was hard not to when he reached the correct room untouched. The room glowed under the harsh red light, a creepy atmosphere sitting in. It reminded Khan of Hell, place of crushing and enormous fear. The light was severe, creating large dark shadows. As if demons were hidden in shadows, Khan took in the room under an eagle eye. It took him a few seconds to locate Admiral Marcus. The others were nonexistence to Khan as Marcus was the one that Khan wanted to rip apart limb by limb. He wanted to smash the Admiral's head and watch the life leave his body. He wanted everyone in that room to die bloody and violently, to feel what he was feeling. They had stolen and murdered his crew for his disobedience. They deserved death. Khan forced his eyes away from Marcus as his fingers danced on the trigger for the jumpship's weapons. It wasn't until the room jump to its feet that Khan noticed a certain, glorious Captain. In the severity of the red lights, it was impossible to make out James T Kirk's most alluring features. His blond hair was a dark grubby brown, and his eyes were an odd shade of burgundy, which Khan found himself not liking. Kirk was an exotic beauty, and it was a horrendous shame to see his beauty hidden. It was-No, he hissed at himself. The Captain is a distraction. Khan didn't know when the illogical attachment formed, but there was no denying that it existed. At first, Kirk, like everyone else, was a means to an end, a tool. He was a tool to both Marcus and Khan, though for different reasons. Khan had heard of Kirk before. Who hadn't heard of the Cadet turned Captain? Jim's history was the stuff that stories were made from, and anyone who was anyone loved to talk about him. Jim inspired people on sheer reputation, and anyone who met the man could attest it was true. He had a way about him. What Captain Kirk lacked in experience he made up for in stubbornness. Kirk—Jim, he kept reminding himself- had a glow and an inter-power to him that was unmatched. Jim was charming even when he didn't mean to be, and he was honest. There was this undying heat in him. Even with the odds against him, he refused to give up. There was this undying loyalty in him that Khan found himself desiring. It reminded him of his own loyalty, and he found wanting Jim's trust for himself. He was hungry for it. He wasn't exactly sure why, as Jim was biologically inferior; yet, he wanted it. Jim was a sweet, yummy candy that was being dangled in front of a child, and Khan was that child. It was odd, and with all of his intelligent, he couldn't quite understand it himself. It annoyed and excited him at the same time. It was an unorthodox; yet, he wanted that trust. He was sure he had it before he ended their relationship prematurely. He didn't want to. Khan had wanted to use him for intel and a possible escape. It didn't hurt to have a Captain, the Golden Boy at that, in his pocket. Jim, who would never knowingly give Khan any classified info, was a weapon, an invaluable resource, and while he wanted to keep Jim—his fingers dancing on that beautiful skin, his tongue making Jim twitch-, Marcus had started to notice, and Khan could not allow that. With his crew hanging over his head, Khan wouldn't give Marcus anything else at that time. Marcus wanted any kind of leverage over Khan and keeping up the act with Kirk would have given the Admiral more leverage. That couldn't have been not be allowed. As Marcus had gotten what he needed from Jim, Marcus didn't give it another thought to Kirk when Khan reported the relationship as over. He would have noticed if Khan kept it up, and he refused to give that man anymore power over him…or Jim. Madness had befallen the room setting everyone into a crave motion. "Jim," Khan uttered as the man faced the jumpship. A strange feeling bubbling in his chest, Jim, in mere seconds, locked eyes with him. Like magic, the red light disappeared for the two men, and blue eyes met blue eyes. He found himself looking into a sea of emotions, though anger echoed the loudest. No words were needed. Khan could see the shock and fury in Jim's eyes, even from this distance. Khan, struggling at first, hardened his expression as his hand drifted to his weapon controls. It could not be refuted that Jim had the most gorgeous blue eyes, once in a lifetime view, and they could cut through anything and everyone like a sharp knife. Khan could see a storm behind those eyes; Jim had the most expressive eyes that he had ever seen. In the past, Khan would find himself doing odd things to see these expressions in Kirk's eyes. It was strange, and annoying as he did them before he realized he was doing it, which was what he was doing now. He delayed firing to stare into Jim's soul piercing eyes, watching the fury of emotions reflecting through them. It was amazing to see. Forcing his hand to the trigger, Khan kept his eyes on Kirk and fired. He watched as a new expressive bloomed in those wonderful eyes. It was magical to see each emotion morph into something else. He could never fire on Kirk, those blue eyes too pretty to kill. It didn't mean anyone else was safe. He would slaughter everyone, watching them bleed out on the floor. Schooling his emotions, he targeted Marcus and a few selected officers first. They would be his first, following by the rest of the officers in the room. If he could get Commander Spock, he would sleep well tonight. There was no doubt that Vulcan would be a pain in the ass if he allowed him to live. Plus, he didn't like his face. *O*O* Jim looked like he had been through the ringer, though that wasn't far from the truth. He did go through a firefight. His dress hat was long gone, lost in the rumble. His dress coat, thrown back on chair, had several wholes lining edge of it. Jim, ripping his dress jacket off like he was on fire, was left in his black under shirt, which was untucked from his pants and wrinkled from the collar to the hem. He, both physically and mentally drained, had heavy dark cycles under his blue eyes, and several scratches and bruises on his face. There was a nasty cut above his eye, and his head hurt, a full-blown headache pounding against his skill. Also, his shoulder throbbed, and every movement sent pain down his arm. Bones would've given Jim something for the pain, but he pretty much refused to let Bones touch any part of him, barking vehemently at the good Doctor. Bones might've given Jim his famous death glare, but the Captain did not cave. Jim couldn't explain why, but he was ready to punch someone right now, even if that person was Bones. It was clear that he meant it this time, compared to the other times he had threated it. Bones had taken it serious and had not pushed the issue. Maybe, it was the look in Jim's eyes that scared Bones. Whatever it was, Jim took it. He really couldn't deal with anything at the moment. In the most uncomfortable chair, Jim sat at Pike's bed side, his tired eyes watching the Admiral's chest move ever so slowly. Bones, being the Good Doctor that he was, tried to force Jim to sleep or do something besides staring at Pike, who was in a medically induced coma, but Jim would not move from his spot, even with heavy threats. He would not be moved, even with threats of Hypos; Jim was stubborn and enraged. At some point, the Captain was expecting Bones to pull the Doctor card, disregarding Jim's anger, and have him removed. Bones would never admit to being scared of Jim's anger, but it was clear he was hesitating due to it. Granted, Bones also may not have pulled the card because he could keep an eye on him here. A stilled Jim was never a good thing. "When was the last time you ate?" McCoy, equally exhausted, asked as he stepped into the room with a PADD in his hand. One of his eyebrows was raised, as he gave Jim a daring look. Jim glanced up, his exhaustion showing. Soreness in his shoulder kept him stiff. "Two night ago? Last night?" His mind in loops, he didn't remember the last time, but it couldn't have been that long ago, right? Did it matter? He was fine. McCoy let out a harsh sigh. "Jim," he replied, trying to be as gentle as he could. However, he sounded like a father scorning his child. "You need to eat." "I'm fine," he replied through his teeth. What he need was to find Harrison and punch his face in. Once he did that, he would be fine. Everything would be fine. Silent danced in the room for a few long seconds as Bones stood there awkwardly. Shakely, he opened his mouth a few times before closing it. There was a hard expression on his face, an expression that Jim had only seen a few times. Bones was used to dealing with Jim, but this was new for the both of them. "So… Are we going to talk now? Talk about the elephant in the room?" he asked, tucking the PADD away. "Jim, talk to me. I need you to talk to me." The chair loudly skidded back and clapped loudly on the ground, as Jim jumped to his feet. Ignoring McCoy's flinch at the boisterous sound, he crossed to the window. They were too high to make out the faces in the crowd, but the street was alive with action. Security was everywhere, reviewing and checking everyone and everything. "Just say it," Jim demanded. God, he did not want to talk about this. He would rather talk about Spock, which was saying something especially after what Bones saw. Jim was practically in Spock's arms when Bones had pushed them off Pike. Even after Bones worked on stabilizing Pike, Spock did not move from Jim's side, creating a protective bubble. Overwhelmed, he had allowed it. Now, he was just confused. "John Harrison." Bones said, folding his arm across his chest. "Are you okay? Be honest." It was just Jim's luck to have dated/slept with a sociopath. Did he have some kind of sign on him? Jim didn't know whether to cry or laugh, though he was going with both. "There's nothing to talk about," he said, as calmly as he could. His hand went to his throbbing shoulder, rubbing it. "This doesn't change anything. I will hunt him down and kill him." Bones' eyes went large. "Jim." He said, sounding both shocked and worried. "Do you hear yourself?" Jim turned back, fighting his exhaustion. Even if he hadn't slept in the crappy chair, he would still feel like a zombie. He had no idea how he was still on his feet. With everything, sleep refused to come to the Captain, and all he could do was think. Jim would be lying if he said he wasn't thinking of revenge. His level of fury scared the Young Captain and sent him to a time he would have rather forget. "Don't give me that look!" he snapped, his voice raising. "12 hours ago, you were in a damn firefight, Jim." McCoy replied, his voice rising. "I'm worried. So, shot me." At times, McCoy felt more like a father than Jim's Best Friend. Maybe, it was the age difference. Maybe, it was the fact that McCoy was a father, and, at times, Jim needed one. Jim couldn't fault the man being overly protective of Joanne, as that little girl was the cutie thing ever. However, Jim didn't need it. He just needed his best friend. "Don't," he said through his teeth. "I'm fine." Bones, with a huff, stepped toward Pike, looking over the readings from the biobed. He didn't like a few of the vitals, but it could be worse. "Cut the shit." His eyes paused over Pike's pale face. "I know what this man means to you, and to know it was Harrison who did it? Come on. I'm not an idiot. I'm your best friend." He let out a deep, wounded sigh, as he stepped away from the bed and toward Jim. He stared at Jim, his eyes drilling into him. "You're talking about taking someone's life. This isn't you!" "But it is!" He snapped, throwing his hands up. "This is me." "That's the anger talking! Once you're thinking clearly, you will see it." The worry was back in Bones' face. "I get it that Harrison is giving you flash back to him, but you can't let it control you." "I. am. not." He said slowly and through his teeth. This had nothing to do with Salean. John—Commander Harrison was a traitor, and he needed to be taken down like the bastard that he was. Salean was behind him. "Okay." Bones' eyes traveled up and down Jim's body. "Jim, Captain Pike wouldn't want this." Jim kept his eyes forward. "Don't." Hesitating, McCoy took a step forward. "Let's talk about something else." He said slowly. "Please let me look at you." He was looking at Jim like he was a scared animal in a corner. Jim forced his mouth shut, slamming the words down his throat. He could feel himself choke on those words as he stared down his best friend. Bones was right: Jim wasn't acting like himself, but could you blame him? This was a shit show. Pike was in a coma fighting for his life, while multiple other people were dead. His ex-boyfriend tried to kill Senior command, after blowing up an archive. That was what got Jim. His Ex almost killed Pike, a man who had given Jim everything. He wouldn't say he shut down after the rape—even if that was exactly what he did before Pike dragged him back with a new ship. He kept things close to the vest; yet, Harrison broke past it all in record time. Jim wasn't sure if he was madder at himself for being stupid or the fact that Harrison played him like a fiddle. As Bones stared at him, he couldn't help but flash back to everything that Harrison had ever said to him, which pissed him off even more. He couldn't help but ask/form questions in his head, painful questions he didn't have answers for. Was this a game to John? Did John play with him? Some sex toy? He must've wanted something from Jim for him to play with like a toy. What was it? Whatever it was, Jim felt sick. Why did Bones have to bring this up? It was a plague and he couldn't stop himself. Jim, flashing a moment he would rather forget, felt nauseous as he remembered all the times, he fucken slept with the man. John wasn't the only person Jim had slept with since the rape, though the number was low. It was something he could count on one hand, protecting himself more. Nevertheless, John—Harrison, Jim kept reminding himself. That traitor didn't deserve to be called by his first name - was the first, and he had given Jim a piece of himself back. At first, Jim was grateful for it, but now, it felt tainted. _(O(O)O)_ "Oh, you're back again?" Jim asked as he spotted John in the doorway of his classroom. With the light shining behind him, John was looking like an Angel. Jim's heart was already skipping. John shit-grin smiled, as he pushed off the doorframe and made his way toward Jim. He looked picture perfect as he descended the aisle. "Why would I not be?" he asked, his smile taking up his whole face. Jim glanced at the clock, staring at it for 30 seconds. He had time before his next class, but it was getting coffee time, not getting food time. Wait? Was he thinking about that? "I don't have much time," he said, glued under John's intensive stare. His blue eyed shined. "Are they working you the bone, Kirk? What a shame!" John replied, his tone playful. Unconsciously, a smile formed on Jim's face. "Well, some of us have to work, and I can't just take off work." "Ouch," John replied, placing a hand to his chest and acting hut. His smile was beautiful, his teeth a perfect shade of white. "And here I thought you like me." His eyes tightened as he grinned. Jim could feel the heat rising up through his body like some a heat wave. He was glued in place by those blue eyes. Shit. "I'm a Captain and a Professor. It's in a job description." John laughed, and just like his smile, it was breath taking. The loud came from deep inside him and burst like a sun coming over the hillside. It shook his whole body. "I would like to see that description. Where can I find it?" "So, is this why you came here?" "I did not come for that," he replied, crossing the large classroom in no time. His blue eyes were plastered on Jim's face. Something lioness hid just behind his eyes. "I came here to ask you to dinner." Jim's eyes widened, as his heart jumped in his chest. A memory of Spock passed before his eyes just for a second. "What?" he asked, his voice skipping. The smile didn't falter from John's face. "A Date, Kirk." He declared as it was the most obviously thing. "I figure a man like yourself would know what one is. Just look at that face of yours." There was this undeniable warmth rolling off the man, as he drunk in the blond. "Unless, I am reading this wrong," he added, after a few moments of silence. "No." Jim shouted, protesting a bit too loud. He paused for a second, seeing John's smirking face. "No!" he repeated, quickly. "I mean no, you aren't reading this wrong." He had no idea why he was acting like this. He had dated quite a few people, and this was no different. Sure, John Harrison was easy to talk to, and god, he was hot. Jim could admit that, even if his words were stuck deep in his throat. He wanted to yell at himself, telling himself to man up. He was James T. Kirk, a man who could charm out the ass. He was a lady's man and a tomcat; yet, he was tongue tied. "Good," John grinned. "Good." If possible, John's smile just grew. "Tonight. 7pm. I will pick you up." Jim's heart skipped. "Tonight?" John's eyebrow rose, though the smile remained on his face. "Yes, Kirk. Is that a yes?" "I wouldn't say no," Jim said, strongly. His stomach flipped as two different emotions danced in his stomach, almost at war at each other. "Either way, 7pm." "You came down here, just for that?" Jim asked, ignoring the strange sensation in his chest. Where the hell did his confidence did? If possible, John's grin only grew. "Just that? No, I had to make sure you said yes. You're a little squirrelly." He gave Jim a knowing look. "I knew it would be harder for you to say no to his face." He pointed to his cheeks. "I'm not squirrelly." Okay, this man was cocky. "And you think quite highly of yourself." John took another step forward, placing a gentle hand on Jim's arm. "No, I think highly of you, and I didn't want to give you a chance to say no." His eyes were dancing cross his face, taking in every inch of Jim's face. Red bloomed on Jim's cheeks. "7pm it is." John chuckled. "Look at that face. I could stare at you all day." Jim's eyes were large as he felt seconds away from exploding. "I've been told that a few times," Jim voiced, his voice squeaked. Deep breath, he took a step back and glanced up at the clock. "Well, I got a class in a few." He tried to force down the blush that had taken over half his face. "Very well, Captain." He replied, stressing Jim's title once more. "See you at 7. It'll be a pleasure." He glanced over Jim's form one more time before he turned to leave. Jim, his head spinning, watched as John left. Even if a bomber jacket, there was no hiding John's firm, muscular body. God, just look at that round ass. He wouldn't help but wonder what John would look like without—Shit, no. No. No. What the hell? Was he really checking out John's ass, just watching it bounced left and right? Crap, he was strewed. *O*O* It was half passed six when Jim made it back to the apartment, and he was both physically and emotionally exhausted from the day. So many faces and so many questions. He didn't expect to be held over at the Academy for this long, but it was okay. He still had enough time to jump into the shower and get ready. It wasn't like he had much to do. He was a man. He pretty much knew what he was going to wear: a pair of nice jeans, a T-Shirt, and the famous leather jacket that John picked on. He didn't need anything else. "Oh, look what we have here?" Bones teased, as the door slid closed behind the Captain. He was in the medium sized kitchen, looking somewhat lost, as he was pairing himself something to eat. "I expected you to beat me here." Jim's eyebrow rose. Usually, it was Bones who got in later than Jim. The good Doctor must've just gotten out of the shower as his hair was still wet, dripping on his shoulder. Like Jim, Bones enjoyed a hot water shower and would opt to take one when possible. He must've been home for some time now. "I got pulled into a meeting at the last second. I'm going to jump in the shower." Bones pulled out a fat, already seasoned steak from the fridge that he handpicked himself and set it on the counter. "Hungry? I'm just about to make dinner." He said. "Been awhile since I had a juicy steak. I'm been eyeing this baby for a while." He licked his lips. Jim gave him a look. "Wait a second? Why do I always get green shit and you get a steak? I call bullshit." McCoy just laughed. "Because I am the doctor." "You're fired!" Jim said, snickered. "I'm getting me a new best friend." "You'll be back in no time." Bones retorted back, scoffing. "You're a handful and the list of people who can handle you is small." He paused, thinking. "But I supposed you're my idiot." He pointed down at the steak with a knife. "You want one? I will let you have one tonight since I love you." "Oh, you let me have one?" Jim narrowed his eyes. "Who's the Captain here?" Bones smiled evilly. "But who is the Chief Medical Officer here?" Jim just blinked, pondering how the hell he had gotten here. But did he regret it? "I doubt you can pull that card on land. CMO of nothing." "You want to bet?" Bones asked. His eyes scanned the room, looking for his medical kit. Even with Jim's dating nerves, it scared him slightly. "Do you want one?" Taking look around the 3-bedroom apartment, Jim saw it was just them for the moment. Chekov usually got in later than the both of them, working on ship until he was nothing more than a zombie. Bones grumbled annoyingly as Jim went into 'dad' mode and pestered the young Ensign into bed. "Nope, I'm good." He said, popping out the 'P.' "I'm going out tonight." He eyed the bathroom door. "What?! Where? Who?" Bones asked, his head popping up. "What time you be back?" Jim hesitated; his words glued to tongue. He wasn't even sure he wanted to go on this date, even if he was attracted to John, and yes, he was attracted to him. He could feel the heat growing in his belly at the mere thought of having something more with John. To feel those lips on his neck. For them to travel down—No, No. No. "A date," he stammered boisterously after noticing Bones' deep stare. Bones' eyebrow shot up. "With that Commander Harrison I've been hearing about?" Jim huffed. Bones had never met the man before, but Jim was sure that Bones could pick the man out of a line, considering how much Scotty and Chekov talked and/or complained about the man. "Yes," he said, squeezing the bridge of his nose. "You don't seem too happy about this," Bones spoke slowly. He stepped out from behind the counter. "Is this about…." He started slowly, tipping around the elephant in the room. He closed his mouth for a second before opening it again. Biting the side of his cheek, he asked, "I don't want to… know, but have you… Have you been with anyone else since…" Just say it, Jim yelled in his head. Since I was raped. The answer was no—not because he wasn't interested-, but that wasn't what this was about. Well, not really. "No," he forced out. Bones cocked to his head to the side. "Are you ready for this?" "I'm good." Jim said as he unzipped his Professor jacket. "I'm James Kirk." Letting out a deep breath, McCoy rounded the table to close the distance between them. "Is this about Spock?" He paused, looking for some kind of tell on Jim's face. "I know you loved him. Like really loved him, but… I think this will be good for you. You need to get to get out." Hearing Bones used the world 'Loved' felt wrong. "I will always love Spock," Jim attested, softly. "I don't think that will ever change." Even now, he found himself wondering back to Spock daily. What was that Vulcan doing? Was he thinking of Jim? Bones, a sad smile, nodded. "And there is nothing wrong with that. You just need to move on, even if none of us want to. So, go take a shower and get ready for your date. I got to find me a phaser." Jim let out deep sigh. "A phaser, Bones? I don't know if I want you out here, when he comes." "Okay, hypos. I have those and a medical license, so I would probably just stab him a few seconds and get away with it." With a Chester cat smile on his face, he rubbed his hands together. "Bones," Jim chastised. Bones gave him an innocent look. "What?" He asked, sincerely. "I'm taking a shower," Jim replied, tossing his black professor jacket over the sofa. He glanced at the clock, knowing he didn't have a lot of time. "Don't kill him when he knocks." He didn't wait for Bones to respond, making his way to the bathroom. The doctor could've been speaking for all of Jim knew, but he tuned everything out. If he allowed himself to think, he would talk himself out of this. His heart was already racing, confusing him even more as time when on. The idea may scare him, but it also excited him. He needed to hold onto that idea. He needed to stop thinking and just do. To do that, he asked himself random questions. How many doors were on the Enterprise? How many doors were in this apartment building? How many units were in this building? How many students did he have in total? How many shoes did he have? How many pairs of pants? How many shirts? How many times did he rip his shirt on an away mission? How many times had Pike looked at him funny? How many times had he made Pike laugh? He asked himself as many questions as he could, and when he couldn't think of any, he repeated the questions over again. If he didn't give himself any time to think, he wouldn't overthink this date. He would enjoy himself. He could do this. Jim, with a smile, stepped out of his room and slipping on his leather jacket. Granted, that smile slipped off his face when he noticed the 'fun' party in the living room. Sometime while Jim was in the shower, Chekov had come home, and Harrison had appeared. With Bones, they were all crowded in the living room and eyeing each other like a three-man war. "Hello!" Jim said, loudly. Three heads spun, each with a forced smile. Crap, he thought catching John's blue eyes. Heat was building in his stomach and working its way up. "What are you three chatting about?" "I think that is obvious, Kirk," John dragged out. "I am getting the shovel talk as if I would dare to hurt you. Besides, I am sure you can take care of yourself, Captain." That smile could kill. "Can you now?" Chekov, protective scowl plastered on his face, turned back to John. "He zure can!" the Russian shouted. "However, that doesn't mean ve von't protect him." Bones nodded his head, agreeing whole heartedly. "And he doesn't have to sleep with you if he doesn't want to," he gave Harrison a scowl. He was daring the man to do something. "You hear me?" His southern accent breaking through. Red blossomed on Jim's face again. "Okay, that's enough," he choked. "Let's go!" In large steps, he crossed to Harrison and reached for his hand. When they made contact, Jim almost dropped it, the warmth surprising him. "I… think we better get out of here." He said, shaking himself out of it. With a smile, he pulled John to his feet, ignoring tingle in his hand. The Commander allowed the Captain to pull him to his feet and followed after him without a struggle. "I agree. I am starving." John smiled, his lips curling. Jim's mind froze again, stunned by the man's grin. Shit. "Good," he said, ignoring how his voice broke. Jim had tried to push everything aside as he pulled John to the door, but he wasn't that lucky. Chekov's eyes had not left John, eyeing him like he was the devil himself. "Вы знаете, что мы делаем на русском языке? Он не будет длиться секунду," he grumbled, his annoyance very present in his voice. John's eyes brow rose, the smile changing slightly. "Тебе нечего бояться со мной. Я не причиню ему вреда." The Russian's eyes went large, and his face turned a bright cherry red. "Yov speak Russian." "Why of course," John replied. Like the young Russian that he was, Chekov started to rumble – in Russian that was, even Bones' eyes were large. John replied back in perfect Russian, a smirk appearing in his face as he spoke. It was at this point that a suddenly shy Chekov and cheery John got into a full-blown conversion in Russian. Neither Bones nor Jim had any clue to what they were saying with the only thing they could do was wished for a translator. Whatever they were saying, Bones and Jim were missing out judging by Chekov's angry tone, and it was pissing Jim off. He didn't need a babysitter and he could take care of himself. Bones, channeling his inter old man, grabbed Jim by the arm and harshly pulled him aside. There was a bit of hesitation lingering in Jim, who eyed the scene unfolding in front of him. "Come here," The Doctor said softly. "I want to chat for a sec." Jim let out a groan before following Leonard to the kitchen. "What?" he asked, casting one last look at John and Chekov. "I'm being honest. If you don't feel comfortable, you don't have to sleep with him," his best friend told him. His eyes were drilling into Jim, seriousness creeping into his face. "You don't have to. Don't let him guilt you into it." At some point, this would stop right? That people would stop telling him this? Jim was tired of this crap. "I had sex before. I'm not some blushing virgin." He hissed, folding his arm across his chest. Bones looked taken back. "I'm aware. Trust me." He paused, the words struggling to come out. He loudly slapped his face, rubbing the side of his cheeks. "But this is different." This wasn't different. He wasn't different. "I'm fine. You've to trust me," Jim said, his voice strained. He wasn't some case to be studied and pulled apart. "Jim." Jim let out a harsh sigh. "I'm fine. Trust me. I know myself and I know my limits. Know that." Sure, there was this anxiety burning a hole into a chest, but that was normal. There was nothing wrong with him. Nerves were normal. He was normal. This was normal. Bones let out a deep sigh. "Okay, but I'm here. Know that." "I do." Jim smiled as he pulled away. He turned his attention back to Chekov and John. Chekov's face was still a red with anger was bubbling through. John, on the other hand, looked smug and collected like he had won the royal fight. "Commander," Jim said with his Captain Smile on. "Time to go. Unless you want to stay here?" John turned quickly and his expression turned into an excited grinned. "Oh, Captain. I would follow you to the end." Bones let out a puking sound, as he stuck out his tongue. "Oh, god. I'm going to be sick." Jim rolled his eyes. "Good thing your doctor," He laughed. "They say Doctors make the worse patients," John added before Bones would reply. "I supposed that would prove true here." Bones' eye begun to twitch. "GO! Before I hypo you both. I don't know you, Harrison, but I will hypo you." John's eyebrow rose. "I do believe that breaks your medical oath. Should we be worried about his other patients?" Jim knew he shouldn't laugh, but it just busted out him and he couldn't stop. "I think we better go. He's going to kill you." Right now, Bones looked like an angry bull, ready to strike. Before anyone else could respond, Jim grabbed John once more by the hand and pulled him toward the door. Once more, the heat was back. It wasn't until the door slide open that Jim heard Bones' angry response, "He's just as bad as the hobgoblin!" There was a questioning look from John, but Jim ignored it. He also ignored the pounding in his chest at the sound of Bones' nickname for Spock. If he allowed himself to go down that hole, there would be no coming back. He wasn't lying before, he would always love Spock, no matter how much time has passed. However, he had to move forward. If he kept living in the past, he wouldn't grow, and shit, he couldn't live in this hole anymore. Granted, with John's warm hand in his own hand, Jim couldn't help but smile. John was warm, and god, Jim could melt in his pleasant and warmed eyes. How could he not feel 'normal' in eyes like that? He was looking at him, not his title. Not his past. John was looking at him. Shit, he could already feel the affection building in his chest, and there was a part of Jim, old cocky Jim, that wanted to jump the Commander now. However, he didn't sleep with John that night or on their next night out. The urge was there, but Jim, following Bones' advise, didn't put that pressure on himself. He just let himself enjoy the night. It was one of his better ideas. _(O(O)O)_ "Jim. Maybe, you should call Dr. Jones. Jim." Kirk ferociously shook his head, forcing the memories out. "Don't Jim me, and I don't need Dr. Jones." He grinded his teeth together, trying to control his anger. "I need Harrison. He played me. I was his plaything." McCoy was at a loss of words as he opened and closed his mouth a few times. In Bones' confusion, he stated, "I'm going to kill him. He won't-" The door to the room slid opened, drawing everyone's attention, and without wasting a second, Lieutenant Saavik stepped through. In one hand, she held a PADD, and in the other, she held what appeared to be a brown takeout bag. "Captain." She greeted, eyeing the scene in front of her. "Are you alright?" Jim softened at the sight of her. "Saavik," he spoke, forgetting his anger for the moment. His eyes dropped from her face to the bag in her hand. "What you have there?" "This is for you." Saavik, perfect in her blue shirt, pretty much ignored Bones and closed the distance between Jim and herself. She held the bag to Jim, a neutral expression on her face. "You are my Captain. Your wellbeing is my duty." Bones snorted, which the Vulcan disregarded. "I knew you would not leave Admiral Pike's side, even to nourish yourself. This is unacceptable, so I took it upon myself to bring you sustenance." "You didn't have to," Jim replied, taken back slightly, as he took the bag from her. "You are correct. I did not need to, but you are my Captain. It is not a hamburger, but it is suitable nonetheless." She spoke. Opening the bag, Jim glanced in; a smile formed on his face see two breakfast burritos. It was not a hamburger, but it would be awesome all the same. "It is. Thank you." Bones let out a loud, harsh snort. His eye twitching. "Of course. If I tried this, it is 'not now, Bones.' 'I can't, Bones.' 'Later, Bones.' But here comes a pretty woman, and you're like, 'Thank you,' while batting your pretty blue eyes." He mumbled some words to himself. "I think I need boobs." Saavik turned to the Doctor and nailed him with a very Vulcan glare. "Please keep your inappropriate comments to yourself, Doctor." She kept her glare on him. "And if Captain Kirk listens and takes my advice, it is because I treat him as an adult and not a child. Maybe, if you act like a professional medical personal, the Captain will take you seriously." "Why you!" McCoy sneered between his teeth. Jim could see the tension in the room like a neon sign in a black sky. "Hey, Hey." He yelled as he unwrapped one of his burritos. He waved it in the air trying to get their attention. When both set of eyes settled on him, he, channeling his inter fool, took a big, comical bite. He was making a show out of it, trying to make both Saavik and Bones happy. "This is good," he said, making a mess out of it. It worked as both were giving him strange, concerned looks. He let out a boisterous moan, taking another big bite. "Okay, I feel dirty now," Bones murmured, turning away to check on Pike. "But at least the idiot is eating." He spared a glance to Jim, who chopping on it. His eyes softened, his concern still present. Saavik's eyebrow rose, but she did not move from Jim's side. Her eyes were locked on Jim's chin as he chewed. Tiny pieces were falling out of his mouth unto his shirt. "It is not logical to eat like that." It took Jim very little time to stuff the burrito down his throat, avoiding choking himself. He wouldn't admit it to Bones, but he was starving and wouldn't have gotten food for himself. Saavik was a life savior, especially when she pulled him out of that irate mood. This peace may not last long, but it gave him foresight. He needed that. "Do I need to remind you that I'm James Kirk?" he asked, his voice softened. "I shy away from nothing." There was no power behind it like there normally was. His heart flickered, catching Pike's heartbeat on the monitor. "Captain-" Saavil started but interrupted. The door slid open, which clued an outburst from Bones. "Who is it now?" he growled, though still trying to keep his voice down. "Doctor McCoy," Spock greeted as he stepped into the room. He was in his dress uniform—a fresh pair- unlike the rest of them, and he looked impeccable. "Captain," he called. His eyes dropped from Jim and focused on how close Saavik was to Jim. "Lieutenant." The tension was back as the two Vulcan coldly stared at each other. Neither moved to make the famous Vulcan greeting to the other in some kind of silent fight. It was peculiar. "Commander," Saavik addressed. There was an edge to her voice that anyone besides Jim would miss. As Admiral Pike was in command of the Enterprise with Spock as his first Officer, it made sense for Spock to visit Pike, but that didn't mean his presence didn't shock Jim, who just stood there and stared. With everything going on, Jim hadn't been able to process his returning feelings that shot up through him. Not that he had feelings. It was just he couldn't understand what drove Spock to do what he did. "Commander," Jim squeezed out. Bones' eyes narrowed, noticing a bag behind Spock's back. "What do you have there?" Bones asked, cutting the returning tension. The amount of tension in this room could kill a person. Spock's eyes snapped toward McCoy before turning back to Jim, looking past Saavik. "I brought the Captain some food." He answered, revealing a very similar bag to what Saavik had brought. "Why?" Jim asked, side stepping Saavik. "I am well aware of your tendencies, Captain. In times of stress, you tend to forgo your own comfort, and eating is one of those things," Spock answered. "I brought you food to ensure that this did not happen." Bones, trying to keep his tone down as they were in a hospital room, let out a chuckle. "In that case, give me that. I haven't eaten anything since yesterday." He demanded, crossing to the Commander and pulling the bag from him. Spock gave Bones a nonglare glare. "I brought this for Captain Kirk, not you." "I have already brought food for my Captain." Saavik answered, moving to the side and revealing the bag in Jim's hand. "Very well," Spock articulated, allowing McCoy to take the bag. Jim watched as the bones in Spock's face twitch. They were unnoticeable to anyone besides Jim, who had sent hours staring at Spock's face in the past. He could still see the Vulcan's tells, and that hit him harder than he expected. Before Jim could respond, his communicator chirp. All eyes darted the Captain. "Kirk, here," he said, bringing it to his ear. Out came Scotty voice, "Captain! I found something in the crashed jumpship, Sir. I know how the bastard got away." There was so much fury in Scott's voice that it shook Jim. Having worked alongside John as well, Scotty was just as angry as Jim was. "What do you mean?" Jim asked, his Captain Mask on. He ignored the pointed looks from the rest of the room. "It's a portable transwarp beaming device." Scotty answered. Jim forced himself to breathe through his nose. "Can you figure out where he went?" Scotty took a few seconds to answer. Heavy metal sounds could be heard in the background. "I already did, sir, and you're no gonna like it. He's gone to the one place, we can't go." Scotty was right, but that did not mean Jim wasn't going to try. Snapping the communicator closed, he pocketed the device. "I got to go." He said, loudly and quickly, as he turned to the door. Without another thought, he threw the bag and the remaining burrito in the trash. "Captain," Spock and Saavik both called. Concern lacing through their voice. "Jim," Bones yelled, following after him for a few steps. Jim paused for a second, glancing back at each of them. He paused on Pike, his eyes checking his vitals. Anger flushed through him again and drove him forward. He could not allow Harrison to get away with this, even if that turned Jim into something that he was not. He was going to kill that man. "I gotta go." He said and bolted out the door. *O*O* Jim had expected the Vulcans to follow, especially after the show in Pike room. It was why he took random short cuts through the campus, trying to pull distance if they were. It wasn't as if he didn't want them to know. He was going to Marcus, nothing wrong with that. This was just something he had to do on his own. Plus, he needed to speak to the Admiral on his own in case the man knew. It wasn't as if Jim knew John would turn into a crazy terrorist, but this wasn't something he wanted either Vulcans to know, especially Spock. Sure, Spock wasn't his First Officer anymore. He wasn't his anything, but he couldn't stomach Spock knowing. What would the Vulcan say if knew that Jim defiled himself with Commander Harrison? Would he be just as disgusted with Jim as Jim was? Whatever happened, Jim could not stand to see an ounce of disappointment on Spock's face. By the time Jim reached the Admiral's office, he was out breath, and his lungs were pounding in his chest, threatening to pop out, but he did not stop. He burst through the doors, yelling as he went. "Admiral, sir, he's not on Earth." He took a deep breath, rushing toward the center of the room. "He's on Qo'noS, sir. I request your permission to go after him." It was after the words burst out of his mouth that Kirk noticed the meeting Marcus was conducting. Marcus, irritated, glanced around at the room at the other Admirals. "Give us a minute." He ordered. He waited for everyone could file out before he asked, "Qo'noS?" Jim, straightening himself out, answered, "Yes, sir." He was a bit mortified. "So, Harrison's gone to the Klingon homeworld. ls he defecting?" Marcus asked; his eyes narrowed at Kirk. It was unnerving to say the least with the Admiral's eyes all over him. "Er, not sure, sir." Jim answered, shivering under the Man's stare. Why did Marcus keep staring at him like this? Did he know? "He's hiding in the Ketha Province, an uninhabited region. He knows if we even go near Klingon space, it'd be all-out war. Starfleet can't go after him, but I can. Please, sir." He had to be the one to take down the man. He had to be with everything that Harrison did. The desire to kill him was there, blooming under the skin. It was a dark desire, and no matter how hard he tried to fight it, it was there poisoning him. "An all-out war with the Klingons is inevitable, Mister Kirk." Marcus explained, his eyes piercing Kirk. "If you ask me, it's already begun. Since we first learned of their existence, the Klingon Empire has conquered and occupied two planets that we know of and fired on our ships half a dozen times. They're coming." He paused for a second, thinking. His eyes drifted to the line of Model Starship he had before turning back to Kirk. "London was not an archive. It was a top-secret branch of Starfleet: designated Section 31. They were developing defense technology and training our officers to gather intelligence on the Klingons and any other potential enemy who means to do us harm." He turned from Jim once more. A heavy expression fell onto his face. "Harrison was one of our top agents." Jim's head is swimming with all of the info that Marcus had just told him. "Now, he's a fugitive," he hissed. "I want to be the one to get him. I need to be the one to take him out." While he didn't know if Marcus knew the truth, he had assigned the man to the Providence for a sometime; he knew that Harrison worked hand and hand with his crew. Marcus's expression changed, hardened. "I don't think that would be wise." "Sir. It should be me I-" Jim started before the Admiral cut him off. "There's something that you are leaving out. Isn't there, Captain?" Jim was stiff. "I don't know what you're taking about. I know you're aware that Commander Harrison worked on Providence, but that is it." He forced back the memories once more, choosing to ignore the feeling in his chest. Marcus didn't answer right way, his eyes hostile. "Can I be frank with you, Son?" "Yes, Sir." Jim answered, unsure of what else to say. "Good," the Admiral nodded, a cold expression took over. "Because I don't want there to be any confusion between us." He picked up a glass off the table, slipping from it before sitting it down. "You have no ship, Kirk. Even if I wanted to send you, the Providence is grounded. I'm sure Commander Scott will need time to fix it, more than a few hours. Scott is impressive but he isn't that impressive." Fuck, Jim cursed in his head. He had forgotten about that in his anger, which pissed him off. He could still do this. "Give me the Enterprise!" he yelled, it bursting out of him. His heart pounded in his chest. "Instead of trying to steal Chris's ship, go back to his side. I believe he would want you there at his side when he wakes rather than you off into space getting revenge. Pike always said you were one of our best and brightest, so prove it. Go back to his side and don't worry about retribution." Marcus ordered. "He will need you." There was a battle waging inside of Jim. His heart was being ripped apart. He didn't want to leave Pike's side, but he had to get Harrison. He had to. "I need to get Harrison." Something sparked in Marcus's eye. Something dangerous "Is it Harrison now?" "What?" "Is. He. Harrison. Now. Boy?" he asked slowly. His voice was bizarrely calm but dangerous. Warning signs were going off in Jim's head, but there was no escaping. It was clear what the Admiral was implying. "Admiral Marcus," he softly begged. The Admiral did not let up. "Did you call him Harrison when he was fucking you?" Marcus asked, his tone neutral. However, there was this cold edge to his voice. Jim's eyes widened as he stumbled back. "What?" His heart was pounding in his ears. Was this the twilight day? Marcus took another drink before slowly sitting his glass down. "Commander Harrison doesn't seem like the type to bottom for anyone, even for you, Kirk." He paused, taking in Jim's face. There was a hint of shame and embarrassment mixed in his blue eyes and the Admiral basked in it. "How many times, Kirk?" This was where Jim's brain exploded. If this was a cartoon, there would be an explosion above his head. "Admiral Marcus," Jim shuttered. What the hell? "How many times has Commander Harrison fucked you, Kirk? It isn't a hard question." The Admiral tone was disturbingly soft, despite the words coming out of his mouth. "I expected a Captain to be able to count." Jim was brain dead; his lungs were on fire. His hand went to his chest, slightly pulling at his shirt. There were many conversions that he had envision himself having with the Admiral. His sex life was not one of those things. "Sir. I don't know how that matters." "Doesn't it? Hm?" Marcus was being anything but nice. "Do you think it wise to send Commander Harrison's boyfriend after him? What would people say?" he inquired with a harsh 'hmed'. "I am just trying to protect you, boy." Jim forced himself to take a few deep breathe as he was about to explode. "I am not his boyfriend." And he was not a boy. "Oh, fuck toy? I don't know what you folks call it now." He waved his hand in the air. If there was a list of words that he never expected out of Marcus's mouth, fuck toy was at the top. "I am not that either, Admiral. I am Captain James T. Kirk. A Famous Starfleet Captain." "Be it so, Captain, but the Media will roast you alive if they were to find out. And if you failed, your career would be over. Your crew's career could be over. You could possibly be jailed, blasted as a Traitor. Not even Pike could save you. It wouldn't take much for the Media to believe you assisted Harrison. I'm simply trying to protect you." He said, a grin appearing on his face. "Starfleet cannot withstand press like that." Something wasn't right; Jim could feel it in his gut. This didn't feel like Marcus was watching out over him. It felt like he was being led to his death. However, he was carelessly pushing that aside. He was too blinded by his angry to walk away. "It will not, Sir. Harrison won't get away. Nothing will stop me. I can promise you that. He hurt my family, nothing else matters." He also didn't voice how disgusting Harrison made him feel. "I will get him." Marcus narrowed his eyes at Jim. "You said the province where Harrison is hiding is uninhabited?" Jim took breath. "Yes, Sir." The Admiral turned to his desk and picked up the PADD. He turned it on and switched to a file on the desktop. "As part of our defensive strategy, 31 developed a new photon torpedo." He called up hologram, which popped it up in front of Jim. "Long range and untraceable, it will be invisible to Klingon sensors. I don't want you hurt. When Pike comes to, I don't want him to kill me, but like you, I want to take Harrison out. You will park on the edge of the Neutral Zone, lock onto Harrison's position, fire and kill him. Then you haul ass, Kirk." "Does this mean you are giving me back the Enterprise?" he asked. "Yes." Jim nodded, ignoring his pounding heart. He may have the Providence, but he would always miss the Enterprise. "Commander Scott and I will get on this." Marcus left out an angry sigh. "No, Kirk. Commander Scott is needed on the Providence for repairs." "Then I can-" "I will reinstate Mister Spock as your First Officer for this assignment. It's your ship anymore, Kirk. You can bring Doctor McCoy, Ensign Chekov and Lieutenant Saavik, but you will use the Enterprise crew." Jim's nails dug into his palm. How the hell was supposed to have Spock as his XO when he could barely look at him? "Sir, with all due respect, you think that is wise?" Marcus shot him with a look. "If you want to hunt down Harrison, it will be with Commander Spock at your side. With two Vulcans at your side, I can be assured that you will keep a level mind." That feeling was back: something was off. However, to push now would mean he would lose his chance at getting Harrison, and he would stop at nothing to kill that man. "Yes. Sir." "Good." Author Note: The End for now! I would like to mention that everyone get over trauma differently. This is the same with Jim, and no matter how much time has past, you can still find yourself back in that moment. So keep that in mind. And Oh, shit. What is Marcus game? That man is clearly up to something. O_O But at least Spock and Jim would be on the same ship?
Hey All, Happy Thanksgiving! As a gift, you get a new chapter. Let you know what you think. There are two flash backs in this chapter. If you see _(O(O)O)_ It means flashback time! Chapter 8: Bad taste Uhura, determined and motivated, had been going through coded messages all day, translating and correlating various respond teams, and after several hours of this, she was waiting for her fingers to start bleeding, as they were already hurting. Granted, she would just be exhausted, working through the night with only an hour or so of rest. Sleep was beckoning for her, but she wasn't going to stop. She couldn't stop as this was the only thing she could do, and she had to do something. Starfleet was attacked. Her home was attacked. Not only that, Admiral Pike, her commanding officer, was in a coma with no idea of when or if he would wake up. The very thought burned Uhura. At first, Uhura didn't know what to make of the man, having only spoken to the man a few times prior to being under his command. Even back at the academy, she had only seen him in passing, though she had heard of the man. He was a no-nonsense kind of man but also fair. Granted, that went out the door with Kirk. Anyone who was anyone could see that Pike treated Kirk differently. In the academy, he pushed Kirk harder than anyone, refusing to allow him to step out of line even for a second; however, the second someone took a shot at Kirk, Pike cut them down at the knees like any father would. The Admiral would refute it—not that he would deny Kirk-, but it was clear to anyone with functioning eyes that he loved Kirk like a son. He just turned into an irate papa bear, which was something he would deny. Yet, this what Uhura expected to see, when he took over the Enterprise from Kirk. They all thought Captain Pitts was bad, but Uhura had assumed Pike would be worse. Not riding them into the ground and not letting them back up until they were bloody worse, but she thought he would be frosty, making them jump for hoops for what happened to Kirk— for what they did to Jim. She was prepared for it, believing they deserved it. Yet, there was none of that. Pike, all smiles, never treated anyone with anything less than respect. He tried to de-program what Pitt had drilled into them, and while doing this, he didn't bring up Kirk, besides when he tried to get Spock out of his hard-coded shell. For that, Uhura had nothing but utter respected for Pike. He cared, truly cared. This was why she was incensed that some nut case had almost killed Admiral Pike. No one hurt that man and got away with it without her foot going up his or her ass. This went with Spock and Kirk as well, even if the Captain didn't believe it. If anyone laid a hand on those three men, she was going to murder them. Rip them limb from limb. Pike was too kindhearted to die. Spock was too much of a logical, self-sacrificing idiot to die (don't tell him that), and Jim was too innocent for this world. God, how could she not see that before? Anyhow, the traitor didn't know the hell fire that was going to rain down on him. Uhura exhaled deeply, pushing back her anger. If she allowed herself to focus on that, she would go crazy and be useless, and she refused to be useless, not anymore. Tucking her PADD under her arm, she decided to take one of her rare breaks and made her way to the hospital to visit Pike. Her nerves were high, which increased with every passing second that she was stopped by Starfleet security. She knew why they were checking, but it was— "Nyota." Uhura turned, hearing her name. "Monty," she replied, relaxing a bet, as she saw Scotty jogging toward her. She couldn't stop the smile that formed on her face. They may not have been on the same ship for some time, but she considered them friends, even after everything. Missing the past, they had kept in contact for the most part, checking in. "Hey." "Where ye off too?" Scotty asked, a smile attempting to fight its way onto his face. However, it floundered quickly. Exhaustion was written all over him, mixed in with the dust and dirt that he was layered in. "Hospital." She answered. "Going to check on Admiral Pike. I'm sure Kirk is there. I know Spock was heading there a few hours ago." She had only seen the Vulcan for a few minutes that morning. She had wanted to speak to Spock in depth, to check on him, but as he was in a hurry, he blew her off. Looking back at it, Uhura could see the uneasiness just beneath his skin, though Spock would deny it. Uhura didn't know what happened in that conference room when that traitor—she couldn't even stand to think his name- opened fire, but it wasn't good. The death toll was in double digits, and they were still clearing out the room, which looked like a war zone. Plus, Kirk was probably a mess- no, he was a mess. She heard how he nearly panicked over a stilled Pike, and Uhura couldn't fault the young Captain. Not with Pike laying on the floor bloody. And with Kirk in a state like that, she knew Spock would go in overdrive trying to protect Kirk. Scotty's expression was hard. "I doubt Jim's at the hospital anymore. Knowin' him, he ran off halfcocked after I told him about the..." He stopped, shutting his mouth tight. He stared at her for a second. "I found somethin' in the rumble and he took it to the Admirals." Uhura's hands tightened on her PADD. While Scotty and she kept up communication, he was tight lips regarding anything about Kirk. She wasn't sure if Kirk instructed him to or if Scotty was just being protective. It could go either way, as Monty was very protective of his Captain. Then again, that could be said of all of Jim's crew, something she wished she could say. She was disgusted with herself, with her past actions, and though there was nothing she could do to change it, she wanted nothing more than to make up for it. "Is…Is K-Jim okay?" At first, Uhura didn't think Scotty would answer, as he stared at her, his eyes studying every part of her face. He was conflicted. "I don't think he is, Nyota." His voice was soft, almost too soft for her to hear. "He's angry." "Is this more than just Pike?" Everyone was angry about Pike, she wanting to gut Harrison herself, but this felt like it was more. There had to be something else driving Jim's anger. Scotty stared at her. His eyes softened just for a bit before he forced the hard expression back on his face. "It is." "Monty," She said, trying to pull the answer out of him. "You're worry. What is it? Tell me." "We've met Commander Harrison before." His voice was strained, almost like he was fighting with himself. Uhura's eyes went large as different images flooded her thoughts. "Tell me-" Pure anger flashed before Scotty's eyes before disappearing a second later. "It's unimportant." Uhura gasped, fear creeping in. The fear in Scotty's eyes got her. He might be not saying it, but he was equally terrified and pissed. "Maybe—" She started but her communicator chirped drawing her attention. She pulled it out and gazed at the message, her mouth dropping. "I'm being ordered to report to the Enterprise." Her mind was spinning. "How? Admiral Pike can't…" What was going on? Who was taking command of the Enterprise? Why were they being sent out? Were they going after Harrison? Scotty narrowed his eyes at her device before his own drew his focus. He glanced down at it, and his own expression morphed. "It's Jim. I gotta go." Before Uhura had a chance to respond, Scotty was off. Whatever it was, it mustn't have been good. *O*O* Jim, a PADD tucked under his arm, made his way through the large, busy hanger to the Enterprise's shuttle. He ignored the hot flicker in his chest at the thought of taking command over a ship that was once his home. No matter how much time had passed, it was his ship. He had many firsts on that ship. It was odd going back now, but it didn't feel wrong. If he was being honest, it was a homecoming. "Jim!" Said man let out a loud, pained groan, spotting Bones jogging to him. Waving his tricorder in the air, the Doctor sported an angry scowl on his face, his eyes raking in Jim's injuries like he was seeing him for the first—even though he had seen Jim an hour ago. "Hey, Bones. What's up?" he asked, trying to be innocent as he could. Bones shot him a nasty look. "Don't give me that look. First, you get a call and disappear, and then I get a bloody order to report to the Enterprise. What the hell is going on?" He gave Jim a hard once over. Jim stared at Bones, returning the nasty glare Bones was nailing him with. "I'm taking the Enterprise," he said, evenly. "You're what?" Bones said, forcing himself to breath. "I'm taking the Enterprise and going off Harrison." He answered, his nails starting to dig into his hand. "Who thought that was a good idea? And who the hell cleared you for that?" Bones placed a firm hand on Jim's arm, yanked him back. "Regardless of the ship, it's my duty as your CMO to clear you, and I already don't-." "Get off," Jim yelled, shoving Bones off him. It came out more forceful and nastier than he intended, but he wasn't the biggest fan of people touching him without his permission. "If you wanted to check me out, you had all day at the hospital." "That was before," Bones shot back. "Before you decided you were going to chase after Harrison using the Enterprise. Do I need to tell you how stupid that is?" Turning on his tricorder, he followed Jim step by step. "Does the Admiralty know about your relationship with him? Because I doubt that they would send you if they knew." Jim still had a sour taste in his mouth from his 'fun' chat with Admiral Marcus. In all his years in Starfleet, he had never expected to hear those words from an Admiral. He never felt more less than than right now. Just thinking about those words made him sick to his stomach, and he was flooded with this overwhelming embarrassment and shame. A deep sob threatened to pop out of his mouth. His vison was spinning. "Admiral Marcus knows." Bones' eyes widened. "You got to be kidding me." He bellowed, his voice carrying. "He knows?! And he's letting you go after Harrison?" He pulled back the tricorder for a second and just stared. The hand covering his face lid down his face in shock. "Is he nuts? I love you man, but this isn't going to turn out well. You aren't thinking clearly." "I'm thinking clearly." "Really? You sat at Pike's bedside, the closest thing to a father you ever had, and refused to move from his side. And here's the kicker, it was done by your Ex. Harrison was more than just a fling. No one is level headed after that." McCoy took a step toward Jim, a gentle hand hesitatingly hovering over Jim's shoulder. "You have to let yourself feel." There was no denying the dread that was blooming in Jim's stomach. Marcus' words kicked his feet out from under him, and he didn't feel like he could climb back up. "I am." Bone shot him a deadly look. "Not even 12 hours ago, you told me you were going to kill Harrison. Kill him! You shouldn't be tying your own shoes letting captaining a Starship right now." Jim's nose flared, as he breathed heavily. He exhaled deadly a few times, anger filling him. "I'm fine." "If you think you're fine, you-" Bones countered but unable to complete his sentence when Scotty came rushing at them. Like Bones, he was sporting a heavy scowl. "Jim." Scotty called, his lungs begging for air. "Scotty, what's going on?" Jim asked, shoving his anger aside. Panting, Scotty straightened himself. "Those photon torpedoes, Jim." He was only able to get a few words out before he had to catch his breath again. Jim gave Scotty an once able, confused to why and how he was bringing them up. Jim had sent a message to Scotty, briefly explaining that he was temporary taking command of the Enterprise and Spock was being reinstated as his First Officer for this assignment only. Scotty did not respond, but considering he was dancing in from of him like a madman, he was not happy. "How do you know about those?" He asked. That piece was not in the message. "I may not be your First Officer on this one, but I see it as my duty to look after you, Jim." He said, holding a PADD. Bones narrowed his eyes. "Wait a minute. Are we firing torpedoes at your ex?!" He glanced between the two. "OH, this is just great." Jim shot Bones a dirty look. "Bones," he hissed. "And what does Scotty mean that he's not your First Officer?" Bones added. That was another thing he was dreading telling Bones. "Command Spock will be acting as my First Officer. Scotty has to remain behind for repairs on the Providence." Jim answered slowly. Scotty was drilling into Jim. "The Klingons will see this as war, Jim, and we're not soldiers." Bones slapped himself in the forehead. "Jim, you got to be kidding me. Now, we have to deal with two exes and the Klingons? And you don't see the issue in this?" Jim didn't want to think about that. That didn't matter. It shouldn't matter. Ignoring Bones, he turned back to Scotty, "The area's uninhabited. There's only going to be one casualty." "Killers?" Scotty's expression morphed, disturbed by what he was hearing. "This is a military operation. ls that what we are now? Because I thought we were explorers." Why couldn't they understand why he was doing this? Harrison attacked Starfleet. He betrayed them all and because of that, Chris was lying in a hospital bed, fighting for his life. It didn't matter that Harrison was his ex—though it did make it worse-; that man was guilty. "Scotty, we are!" He took a deep breath, shaking his head as he turned from them. His voice broke as he added, "But Harrison killed hundreds of peoples." "And he broke your heart, Sir." Scotty replied, being as gentle as he could. Jim didn't know if he would say that. Harrison just tossed his heart aside, while Spock was the one to break it. "This has nothing to do with that." He looked over Scotty's head, refusing to look into his eyes fearing the pity that he knew the man held. Bones stepped closer, boxing Jim in. "Really? Would we be doing this if it was anyone else? Pike's alive. You need to be focus on that, not this." Scotty took a deep breath, something battling behind his eyes. "Jim," he said, slowly. "I say this as your friend. You aren't thinkin' clearly. Please, just look. These photon torpedoes are dangerous." He held out the PADD for Jim to take, but the Captain made no move to it. "They run on fuel. A type of fuel that I cannae detect because it's shielded. Now, I asked for the specifications, but I was told it's classified." "How is that important?" Bones turned to Jim. "Just listen!" Jim's hands balled at his side. Why were they ganging up on him? He knew what he was doing. "Why are you even asking? You're supposed to be with the Providence." Even Jim winked at his cold tones. "Jim…" Scotty started, slowly. "I don't have time for a lecture, Scotty." He inhaled slowly through his nose. "Get back to the Providence. That's an order." He snapped, his voice rising. Scotty's shoulders tightened, but he didn't move. "With the core, it's a radioactive catastrophe waitin' to happen. A subtle shift in magnetic output from, say, firin' one or more of six dozen torpedoes with an unknown payload could set off a chain reaction which will kill every living thing on this ship." He spoke quickly as if scared he would be yanked away at any moment. "Commander Scott," Jim stated, stressing his rank. His friendly tones were gone. "I told you to report to the Providence." "Jim!" Bones scowled. "What the hell? Scotty is trying to give you advice and you're shooting him in the foot. This isn't you!" The 'kicked puppy dog' look only lasted a second on Scotty's face before he masked it, though he could not mask his sadness. "You picked me for your First Officer for a reason. If you don't take my advice, what's the point?" Jim stared at Scotty. His jaw locked, his nails digging into his palms. "I need to get him. Why can't you understand that?" He hissed. Scotty fidgeted with the PADD in his hands as he shared a look with Bones. He took a step forward and placed a gentle hand on his shoulder. He squeezed gently. "I know Harrison hurt you…" He paused, meeting Jim's piercing blue eyes. "If I could, I would punch him, drop him on some Ice planet like Delta Vega and watch him be eatin' by one those fugly things with you. I would do anythin' for ya. So, do what ye need to do, but Jim, for the love of God, do not use those torpedoes." "Jim." Bones stood there for a second, his tricorder dangling in his hand. His eyes were softened, watching the struggle on his best friend's face. Jim, his eyes staring off into the distance, just nodded and turned away. Bones stayed back with Scotty for a second, communicating silently with him. He took the PADD from Scotty before following after Jim. _(O(O)O)_ Jim, after a long intense session with Dr. Jones, wanted nothing more than to get his hands dirty. By dirty, he meant covered in oil and grease with no end in sight. He may be a Captain, but there was no denying he enjoyed the finer things in life. He enjoyed working with his hands, enjoying the feel of grimy hands. Maybe, it was the sense of control that it gave him. If there was anything that he didn't like, lack of control was it. This was why he went out on away missions, even if Spock hated it. Spock, he thought. His heart jumped at the mere thought of the Vulcan. He would never admit it, but he missed the feel of Spock's lips on his. He missed the feel of his hands, pulling him down. He missed the feel on Spock's body against his No, he yelled at himself. Don't go there. "Hello," a voice called from the metal railings above. Currently, Jim was under a control panel connecting wires and tubing. His hands were hurting, after pinching them a few times. "John," He smiled, as he slid out from beneath the cold metal. "Hey." He stared up at the Commander, who was smiling right back. God, that Chester like grin warmed his chest, forcing out the strong memories of Spock. Without disappearing from sight, John walked down the catwalk toward the steps a few feet from Jim; however, he did not take the steps. He hopped the railing and jumped to the lower level, bending his knees on impact. He looked like a super hero, doing that famous pose they did in the movies, and god, he looked incredibly hot. "Shit," Jim uttered, as the man stepped toward him. "You like what you see?" John dragged out, a cocky grin plastered onto his face. His shirt, one size too small, was stretched tight across his chest, showing every muscle. Jim worked out for hours at a time and ate the green crap Bones put in front of him. He ran most mornings; yet, he looked like a slob next to John. "Nope, not at all," he flirted with an once vanished playfulness returning. "So, the last few dates? Were those pity dates?" he teased, stepping to Jim and towering over him. His smile was still glowing on his face. "There goes my ego." Setting down his tools, Jim sat up on his elbow and looked up at John. "Okay, this is a good angle. I take it back." The shirt may have been tight, but Jim could still see the freshy tones of John's abs. John repositioned himself, stepping over Jim's legs and placing them between his own. If anyone came across them—which was possible considering the foot traffic in this area-, it would definitely bring a few stares and quick retreats. "My angle isn't bad either," he said, licking his lips at Jim's tang skin peeking through. His shirt was hiked up a few inches, the bottom of his abs visible. Jim bent his knees and pushed himself up. He fumbled a bit, nearly falling before John met him half way with a helping hand under his elbow. John, with barely any force, tugged—yanked if you ask Jim- him up, and Jim found himself lifted off his feet like he was nothing. Jim was basically flying into John's awaiting arms like he weighted nothing. Before Jim could even react, John had a firm—an extremely firm. Holy Shit! Was he secretly Vulcan or something?- hand on his back, keeping Jim there. "Hello," Jim said, a cherry red blush forming on his face. "H-Hey." Their faces were mere inches from the other, blue eyes meeting blue eyes. "For a Captain, I expected more," John teased, just staring at Jim's blue eyes. He watched as the different emotions flashed behind his vivid blue eyes. Even with his heavy blush, there was no stopping the eye twitch. "Geez, Commander. I'm insulted." With his free arm, John brushed the golden hair out of Jim's eyes, his thumb lingering on his cheek. He, with a gentle hand, caressed the side of Jim's face, taking in the warmth. "What are you looking at?" John didn't answer right way as his hand dropped to Jim's shoulder, though his eyes never leaving Jim's eyes. "I could stare into your eyes all day. You have the most breathtaking eyes I have ever seen. Stunning." Jim's head was pounding in his chest. It wasn't like he hadn't been told that before. Spock had mentioned it to him a few times much in the same way that John had done. Spock was… Crap, he thought, blinking heavily. He didn't want to think about Spock. Think about how Spock had made him feel, especially when he was mere inches from another man's lips. He most definitely did not want to compare the two, even if that was exactly what he was doing. Even if Bones compared the two a lot. "Your eyes aren't that bad." "Aren't that bad?" John jested. "However, I am man enough to note yours are far more superior." The hand on Jim's back slid down, disappeared beneath his black shirt and tenderly traveled back up. His fingers danced on his warm skin, tickling Jim ever so gently. "Shit," Jim uttered. He shivered before he could stop himself. So far, John and he had only shared a small peak on the lips and some hand holding at the dinner table. In the past, Jim would've just jumped into bed, because sex was amazing. And now? Jim wasn't sure what he wanted, and there was no doubt John picked up on that, which was why he was testing the waters. Jim felt himself tremble, and once more, his mind flashed to Spock. Damn it, he cursed in his head, remembering one of their nights together. "Shit." John just smirked, not realizing the thought that had crossed Jim's mind. "I am going to kiss you now. Is that okay?" Not seeing or sensing any kind of no, he closed the distance between their lips. There was a force behind the kiss that wasn't there with the other peaks on the lips, and he kissed Jim so intensely that he had pushed him back against the uncomplete panel, trapping Jim in his grasp. However, the Captain wasn't going anywhere anyhow, and he accepted this. He wrapped his arms around John's neck and pulling himself tight against the man… not that there was much space between them. John's lips were hot, and the man was precise and confident with every action, heat building between Jim's legs from the sheer passion behind it. Just before Jim thought he was going to pass out, John pulled back and rested his forehead against Jim's. His breath was hot against Jim's face, ticking him with each exhale. It was odd to be this close to someone, but Jim found himself craving it. He didn't realize how touch craved he was, walling himself off from that part of him. Hungry, he resisted the urge to close the distance between them. He wanted to feel that feather warmth of John's lips against his. He wanted to feel that strength but yet be completely safe… Where the hell did this come from? "You taste like mocha." He said, unable to say anything else. John smiled. "Oh, yes. I supposed it is better than garlic." He teased; his warm hand still against Jim's back. "I would agree to that." "Dinner tonight. My place." Jim picked his head up and leaned back slightly. He knew what that meant, knew what that could lead to. He wasn't sure if he was ready for that, but god, he wanted to. Heck, his groin was already halfway there. "S-Sure." That smile turned into a smirk, and John charged forward, placing another firm kiss to Jim's lips. John, though sensitive to panic that may be boiling inside of the Captain, was dominating the kiss, tasting each part of Jim's mouth. "Good," he grinned, pulling back for only a second before kissing Jim once more. They stayed like that until Scotty found them, and Scotty was anything but calm, yelling, "This is a no smoochin' zone." He forced John from the department, while avoiding looking at Jim. _(O(O)O)_ It was illogically, not practical and irrational. Spock just couldn't help it, it taking him over like mold. Jealousy was not beneficial, and he detested it. Besides, Lieutenant Saavik was not a part of the Enterprise's crew and she had not requested assignment aboard the Enterprise. She was not his concerned. She was simply servicing under Captain Kirk as his Chief Science Officer, and looking at her service record, she was impeccable at her position, even having a recommendation from his father, Ambassador Sarek. (No, Spock was not bitter about that.) So, he had no reason to dislike her, not that he would admit it. That would be illogical and nonsensical; also, his opinion did not matter. He was not her Commanding Officer, and his opinion had no baring on her actions; yet, he found himself not liking the woman. If he searched himself and allowed himself to admit it, Spock knew the answer. He was jealous, jealous she was servicing under Jim. Jealous that Jim had accepted her as a part of her crew and, by extension, his family. He let her in. Spock was jealous Jim accepted a meal from her instead of him. Jealous how close she was to Jim. Jim was his. His to take care of… No, Jim was not his. Jim wasn't his anything, and that hurt more than anything. It was his fault, an error that Spock wanted to correct. An error that would be corrected. Hope was blooming inside of him. Hearing Jim stand up for him and having that very man in his arms mere hours ago, it regenerated, or rather, renewed Spock's determination. He would win Jim back. The Commander had nearly forgotten how right it felt to have Jim in his arms. Even now, his emotions, emotions that he was fighting back, were ready to pop and explode finally getting what he had desired- or the possibility of it at least. The situation had been poor, and fury was rushing through his veins at the sight of Admiral Pike bleeding on the floor, but his katra was still singing from holding Jim in his arms, and it was a battle not to run after the man. Once forgotten instincts were flaring, ready to kick into action. Jim being hurting was unacceptable, and it brought out sentiments that Spock did not care for: anger, fury, rage, etc. These emotions were distasteful, blinding him to the issues at hand. Nevertheless, Spock, regardless of rather he was Kirk's First Officer or not, would protect Jim to best of his ability. Spock tucked the PADD under his arm for only a second before it chirped. An eye brow raised, he pulled his PADD back out and read the message. Confusion flashed on his face, as he reread the order. He was being ordered to report to the Enterprise in his current role of First Officer with no mention of who would be in command. It surely would not be Admiral Pike. He had an idea. Considering recent activities, he could conclude with some certainty that they would be chasing down the criminal John Harrison. Admiral Marcus would not send a Starship out at this time for anything else with the panic in the air. With Nero still in everyone's head, they would need that security, and if they were sending out a Starship, Jim, the surrogate son of Chris Pike, would be on that ship, even if he forced his way onto it, something he had done in the past. Spock had heard the Providence was in for some repairs, so it would make sense that Jim would take the Enterprise. Spock understood Jim's anger, and the Vulcan could relate as Pike meant a lot to him as well. Heck, Spock felt anger both at Jim's pain and Pike's injuries, but he would not act on it. It would be foolish. Emotions made you weak, illogical. Even now, he was flashing back to his mother's death and to time that he had almost lost Jim; he had almost lost himself. Spock had allowed that to occur one too many times, and he would not allow it now. He needed to be logical and strong for Jim. He would be there for Jim. Renewed and determined, he turned the PADD screen off and made his way to the hanger. Just as the hanger doors came into view, he was interjected by Uhura. "Spock!" She yelled. With a neutral expression plastered to his face, Spock turned. He looked at her for a few seconds, noting her fatigued. Her heart echoed loudly in his ear as her lungs were in overdrive. "Lieutenant Uhura," he agreed. He waited a few seconds before adding, "I see you have received our orders." Uhura straightened herself out, still struggling to catch her breath. "Yes, I have." Their friendship was not like what it used to be with it only existing because of Uhura. She wouldn't give up. "Do you know why?" She asked, taking a deep breath. "I have reasoned why," Spock answered, his eyes forward toward the Enterprise's shuttle. "However, we do not have time to discuss this." He turned from her and toward the craft. Uhura exhaled deeply, her nose flaring. "Spock." He could hear her frustration in her voice and knew she was unhappy to be dismissed so easily. "We do not have time-" "Do you know anything about John Harrison?" Spock stared at her. "In regard to what? I do not know more than what is reported." She knew more than what she was saying. "Are you implying there is more?" Uhura bit her bottom lip, conflicted. "Monty…. Scotty mentioned something. I wasn't sure." It was possible that Commander Scotty knew more as he was just appointed Kirk's First Officer. "It is poss-" "Uhura, Commander Spock!" Spock's eye brow raised, turning once more to someone calling his name. A concerned Sulu was waving at them, and he was not alone. At this side was Chekov and Saavik, which seemed to indicate Spock was correct. "Ensign, Lieutenant and Lieutenant," he greeted. "What do you think this is about?" Sulu asked, not wasting any time. "Are they sending us after Harrison?" Ignoring Sulu, Uhura finally caught her breath and turned to Chekov and Saavik. Saavik's expression did not change, but Uhura was glaring at the woman. "Hey, Sulu, Chekov." It seemed that Chekov still held a grudge, as he narrowed his eyes at her. "What you are you doing here?" she hissed at the female Vulcan. Spock shot Uhura a look. "Lieutenant Uhura," he chastised. Saavik turned her gaze at him for a second before turning back to Uhura. Before Uhura could speak, Saavik spoke, "It is tolerable, Commander. Lieutenant Uhura is only voicing her displeasure that I alerted Admiral Pike to her disregard of regulations." Uhura's eye started to twitch, her nose flaring. "Excuse me? I was trying-" "You broke regulations for your personal gain. There is no justifications-" "I didn't do it for me. I did it for…" She shook her head, forcing her words back down her throat. "Neither Captain Kirk or Admiral Pike-" "And that would not-" Spock could feel his eye twitch as he watched the two female officers go back and forward. "Enough. It would do you well to remember your rank." He ordered, giving them both a look. "If this is all, we are to report Enterprise." Chekov picked up his head. "Ve've been ordered to report to the Enterprise as vell." Uhura's eyes widened. "What?" Sulu gave Chekov a weak smile as he placed a gentle hand on Chekov's shoulder. "It will be nice to service beside you again," he spoke. The Russian nodded. "I agree. Just vish it vasn't cause of this." Spock watched the two, noting their friendship seemed unchanged by the distance. It was likely they had kept up communication as well. He would not state he was jealous, though he wished he could say the same with regards to Jim. Pike had tried to get them to reconnect, calling them both idiots, but the Vulcan rejected the idea the second Pike brought it up. With the way that Jim and he left it, he assumed Jim would not approve, but he realized he had been foolish. "But why? What about the Providence?" Uhura asked, still glaring at Saavik. Her harsh tones drew Spock's attention to her. "The Enterprise has her crew and we're quite capable in completing any mission assigned to us." She glanced at Chekov. "Not saying that we wouldn't love having Chekov back." Chekov narrowed his eyes at Uhura before turning to Saavik. "Lieutenant Saavik is an amazin'. Savin' the Providence many times over!" Uhura exhaled slowly, pushing back her anger and annoyance. "I did not mean to imply that she was not." Saavik's eye brow rose, mirroring the same exasperated expression that Spock had sported in which Jim had complained about a lot. "If you wish to voice your displeasure, you can take it up with Senior Command." She said, dryly. "I am to report to the Enterprise." Spock, with narrowing eyes, watched the two, the tension on the raise between the two. He couldn't help but find the two illogical, especially Saavik who should be better than this. She, unVulcan like, appeared to be trying and succeeding to get arise out of Uhura, who should not be this sensitive. Regardless of what Saavik stated, Uhura should not react and doing so would tarnish her reputation. "This chatter is delaying our arrival on the Enterprise. I am sure we will be made aware of the situation, once onboard." He said, giving Saavik one more look. The Vulcan woman seemed just unimpressed by them as he was of her. *O*O* Jim took the middle seat in the front row of the craft, while Bones sat behind him. It didn't take Jim long to realize why as a medical device was placed on his cheek a seconds later. Bones had picked his seat to prevent Jim from reaching back and slipping Bones in the head. He didn't have the patience for this crap, not that Bones didn't have a valid point. Considering everything the happened in last 18 hours, the Good Doctor had a point; it was his duty to give his Captain an thorough exam, but his skin was crawling, ants biting as they went. Though it was all in his head, Jim still didn't want to be touched. However, he forced himself still. Bones was his CMO and had the ability to take his rank away if he felt Jim was unstable. Considering the last few conversions he had with Jim, it wasn't too far of a possibility; plus, as soon as Jim got this over with, the sooner Bones would leave him alone. "Kaptain!" came a familiar Russian voice. Jim glanced up from his PADD and smiled before even laying eyes on Chekov. "Oh, you were guys having a party with me?" He asked noticing the group behind him. His heart flickered at the sight of Spock, and he forced his stare back down. He could still feel the Vulcan's gaze on him, even Uhura's eyes were drilling into him. "Oh, no," Chekov replied. "Never vithout you, Sir!" He paused for a second, his eyes bouncing between the crew. "Sorry for the delay." He may be the youngest one on the craft, but he didn't not miss the growing tension. Sulu took a step forward. "Good to see you good, Captain." He said, uncertainty in his eyes. Jim glanced back up, still ignoring Spock. "As it is with you, Lieutenant. Just don't fly us into a black hole." Sulu laughed as he went to find a seat. Knowing better, Chekov followed and took a seat near the back of the shuttle. They sat together, keeping a close eye on the growing tension. Bones glanced up looking at the remaining officers standing, the tricorder in his hand. "Well, take a seat so we can get this shit done and over with." Irritation soaked his words. He was clearly not happy. Jim spun, his eye twitching. "Bones." "Captain," Saavik called, drawing Jim's attention. "Have you finally let Doctor McCoy examine you?" She hovered over him, her eyes meeting his. "It is his duty after all." Bones shot Saavik an exasperated look. "Mostly. I've confirmed he isn't going to die." "I expected more, Doctor." Saavik spoke as she took a seat directly next to Jim. With a show, she rested her elbow on the armrest inches from Jim, who didn't shift to give himself more room. With a weak smile and twitching eye, he let that comment ago and gave her a short look. "Nice seat," Bones muttered, which earned him a Vulcan's glare from Saavik. Uhura walked forward, her eyes drifting to Saavik for a second. "Captain." Jim looked up, his expression masked. "Uhura," he said, trying to keep his voice as neutral as possible. He wasn't sure why Uhura still annoyed him. Too much time had passed for him to be this angry at her, and if he was being honest, it was unfair to her, even after everything that happened. Besides, she did seem to be truly sorry for what she did. If Dr. Jones was here, he would tell Jim he would never move on if he held onto this anger. "I'm so sorry about Admiral Pike," she offered, her voice soft. "But I have no doubt he will make a full recovery." "We all are," Jim stated, feeling uneasy at the thought of leaving Chris. Guilt and shamed flooded Jim at the thought that he had abandoned Pike to chase John. What if questions filled his head. What if something happened to Chris and Jim wasn't there? What happened if Chris died-No! He would be fine. He had to be fine. Fuck you, Harrison. Uhura hesitated for a second. "Are you okay?" "Fine, thank you, Lieutenant." Everyone had been asking him that lately, though no one believed him. Heck, Jim didn't believe it. He knew it was a lie before he even said it. He was totally not fine. "Horseshit," Bones interjected. Jim turned back and shot Bones the dirtiest look he could muster. He stared at him for a second, trying to communicate 'shut it' with his eyes, before he turned back to Uhura. "You can take seat," He told Uhura, noticing her lingering eyes. Uhura glanced back at Spock, who was stiff and stoic. "It'll be a pleasure to serve under you again, Captain." She said, before taking a seat next to Bones. "Good Morning, Leonard." She greeted. "What's good about it?" he nipped, rolling his eyes. He leaned forward in his seat, bring up his tricorder again. Jim stared at the device five inches from his face. A vein popped, twitching on his forehead, and Jim was sure it was visible as he was ready to slap that thing out of Bones' hand. "Bones," he said, reaching his boiling point. Why wasn't Bones done with this shit? He told Saavik that he was. "Captain." "Commander," Jim spoke, nearing jumping at his title. With a small huff, he forced his stare up, annoyed at himself for how Spock's very voice got to him. He was ready to kill someone, and yet, Spock's voice brings him down. However, nothing compared to the look in Spock's gentle eyes. He wasn't an idiot, and though Jim may have 'moved' on a few times, he knew Spock had not. Spock still looked at him like he raised the sun, which slapped Jim like a brick. He may not admit it to anyone accept Bones (with a lot of nagging on the Doctor's part), but he still loved Spock. He couldn't say that about his other exes, not that he had a lot of exes. One-night stands, but not exes. Harrison came damn close to the L word, with Jim's fear stopping him from saying it. Yet, Spock was always at the back of his head with that cursed word. Spock kept his eyes on Jim. "Thank you for my reinstatement as your First Officer, even if it is only for this assignment." That wasn't accurate. Jim didn't want Spock as his First Officer, but he couldn't find it in himself to correct Spock. "You're welcome." A relaxed expression fell onto Spock's face. Jim wouldn't call it a smile as Spock didn't smile, unless in private after a round of sex. Spock loved to- No, Jim. Bad Jim. Don't think about sex with Spock. He wasn't even sure why his mind went to that, considering he hadn't had sex with Spock in a while. Plus, it should've been the last thing on his mind, but heck, his head was in a tail spin. With a nod, Spock eyed Jim's face before taking a seat, a seat that was on the other side of Jim. He ignored Saavik's probing stare, focusing on Jim, who's surprise was clearly written on his face at the sudden closeness. After Spock settled, Bones leaned forward and balked. "You shouldn't be thankin' him. We're firing torpedoes at the Klingons." Heating building to his right, Jim's eyes widened as he turned back at Bones. "McCoy." He hissed. He wasn't wrong, but shit, Bones didn't have to say it like that. "We're chasing down the fugitive John Harrison." Every eye drilled into him, surprised—and maybe, appalled- by what Bones had uttered. "While firing torpedoes," Bones shot back. Spock's eyes penetrated the side of Jim's face. "As I am once more your First Officer, it is now my duty to strongly object to our mission parameters." Jim refused to look at Spock, who was mere inches from him. He forced his eyes back down at the PADD in his hand. "Of course, it is." Heat was rolling off Spock, and Jim's left side was on fire. Uhura leaned forward in her chair. "Captain," she uttered. Jim glanced back at her as well as Chekov and Sulu. He eyed each of them, attempting to read the stun expressions on their face. Chekov's expression was hard, knowing quite well what Harrison was to Jim. Sulu and Uhura, who hadn't had a conversation with Jim in over a year, didn't have that level of understanding. "Stop," he ordered. "This is our mission." Spock adjusted himself slightly to get a better look of Jim's face, though Jim pointedly ignored him. "There is no Starfleet regulation that condemns a man to die without a trial, something you and Admiral Marcus are forgetting. Also, preemptively firing torpedoes at the Klingon homeworld goes against-" This was awkward. "Our orders have nothing to do with Starfleet regulation," Jim snapped, trying to put space between him and Spock. He heavily leaned against the arm rest if the arm rest wasn't there, he would be in Saavik's lap. "Captain," Saavik called, placing a hand on Jim's shoulder. Jim shot her a startled look before turning back to Spock, but he did not shove her off. Spock narrowed his eyes at Saavik's hand. "Regulations aside, this action is morally wrong." He forced his eyes up, meeting Jim's stare. Jim glared at Spock, ignoring the way Spock's leg was touching his. There were a lot of things that he missed about having Spock as his First Officer, things he kept looking for in his other countless First Officers but arguing wasn't one of them. Granted, Scotty had tried to tell him the same thing, pleaded with him in fact. "I'm not going to take ethics lessons from a robot!" "Jim, calm down," Bones yelled, reaching over the seat for his best friend. "Reverting to name-calling suggests that you are defensive and therefore find my opinion valid," Spock replied. Yes, Spock had a point. And Scotty. And god damn it, Bones. If Pike was awake, he would be saying the same thing—yelling at him more like it. And god help him, he was tired of hearing it. He knew what he was doing. Or did he? There was no denying his anger and its toxic effect on him, which ate at him like a lion. Yet, he had to do this. Harrison had to pay for his crimes. "I wasn't asking for your opinion. Bones, get off," he demanded, shrugging off Bones' hand. Saavik's hand still remained. "Captain, our mission could start a war with the Klingons and it is, by its very definition, immoral. Perhaps you should take the requisite time to arrive at this conclusion for yourself." Spock's eyes dropped to Saavik's hand once more, before he settled back in his seat. Jim couldn't say if he would feel this way in a few days. Probably not, but god, it was Harrison. It was John. It brought back familiar pain that he would very much like to forget. The pain ate him, making him feel completely worthless. It was like he was reliving each horrible moment he had ever had. He flashed back to when Spock had proclaimed him a failed experiment and a cheater before walking out on him. "I know what I'm doing," he said, finally shrugging off Saavik and leaning back in his seat. He was shoulder to shoulder with Spock, putting his heart and brain at war with themselves. Just before the shuttle could take off, a blond woman stepped on aboard and introduced herself as Science Officer Carol Wallace. She stated she was assigned to the Enterprise by Admiral Marcus, which Jim found weird and a bit upsetting if he was being honest. After the 'little' chat he had with Marcus, he didn't want anything from that repulsive man. And to learn she specialized in advanced weaponry, it disturbed Jim more then he cared to admit. He was already sent one nutcase by Marcus, and he wasn't sure he could handle another one. "Have a seat, Doctor," Jim said with a forced smile. Doctor Wallace smiled, as she took back her PADD from Jim. "Thank you." she said, taking a seat across the aisle from Spock. She gifted Jim a warm smile when she caught Jim's glance. While there was no doubt that that his staring was giving her the wrong idea, it took him some effort to look away, this feeling forming in his gut. He can worry about her later. Sensing his discomfort, Spock send Jim a curious look before looking back at Wallace. "Are you okay, Captain?" he asked, softly enough so only Jim could hear. Saavik glanced over, looking past Jim's face to Spock. She didn't speak but she kept her eyes on him. Spock gave her an eye raised before returning back to Jim, his eyes observing the twitch in Jim's forehead and his locked jaw. Though Jim's emotions were all over the place, he was for damn sure not going to tell Spock. He didn't trust him enough for that, though he wasn't sure he could trust anyone with them anymore. "I am fine. Let's just get to the Enterprise." There was this undeniable heat to the right of him with Spock's full attention on him. *O*O* Chekov, McCoy and Saavik were in a sense unneeded on the Enterprise as the Starship was fully staffed. However, this gave Jim a chance to station them around the ship. Granted, Bones would always be in the Med bay, which was exactly where Jim sent him after the Doctor wouldn't stop chasing after him. He sent Chekov to engineer as the navigator was not needed on the bridge. Plus, it gave the Ensign a chance to try out the new skills he learned from Scotty. Saavik, on the other hand, wouldn't leave his side, even protesting any ideas he threw out. After a few minutes of her impressive stare, Jim allowed her to shadow him on the bridge as he could admit she was helpful in a pinch. Plus, she was a safety net in a sense, and he would need that as he found himself on the Enterprise. Jim's heart pounded in his chest as he stepped on the Enterprise's bridge. A burning, overwhelming emotion bubbled up inside of him, as this numbing feeling filled of him. His memories, the good and the bad, came rushing back in spades, but it still felt like home. That struck Jim most of all. It didn't matter how many months he had captained the Providence it never felt like this. He didn't even know how to describe it, but it was home. This was where he defeated Nero. This was where he felt like he was worth something for the first time. This was where he found his family… His family that included Spock. Unable to stop himself, he glanced back at the Vulcan, who was staring at him with a fondness that Jim couldn't begin to describe. Shit… Shit. Jim forced himself away from Spock and took a look around the bridge. Every eye was on him, the crew unsure as to why he was here. With a soft exhale, he spoke, "Most of you know me, served with me, but for those who don't, I'm Captain James T. Kirk, and for the time being, I am taking command of the Enterprise. You can think of me as Pike, but younger and hotter." A few chuckles escaped their lips, which brought a smile to Jim's lips. He ignored Spock who was approaching him. "Understood?" "Aye, Sir," the crew replied. "Captain," Spock said, stopping Jim just behind the Captain's seat. "Mr. Spock." Jim straightened himself, pulling down on his gold shirt. The heat was back, though it was not alone. The very shame that he felt earlier was back. "Lieutenant Saavik may be better served in the labs," Spock stated, not even looking at Saavik who was standing a few feet back with her arms behind her. Jim glanced at Saavik, who staring them. "Why, Mr. Spock, two Vulcans are better than one, don't you agree?" He replied, heat building inside him. Fucken Harrison picked the wrong time to start a war. Why couldn't he have waited until after he sorted his inveterate feelings? Why the hell did he still have feelings? Why the hell did Spock have to pull a stunt like that? He just wanted to kiss- Wait, what? No. Bad, Jim. He yelled at himself. Harrison, fucken Harrison. How could he even think of Spock now when John had ripped out his heart? "She is redundant," Spock replied. "Are you jealous, Mr. Spock?" he asked, shutting those emotions down. There was a bad taste in his mouth as something else bubbled forward. His anger for Harrison stretched across him like a deadly poison, and with Spock standing in front of him (a gift that only Spock seem to have), Jim couldn't help but wonder if he was letting his anger take him over. His trusted crew, his friends, had already stated as such, and thinking—really thinking about it—he couldn't help but wonder how right they were. Spock's eyebrow rose in that unnatural way of his. "Not at all, Captain. Vulcan do not feel jealousy." Jim couldn't stop the snort. "Yea, right." Spock took a small step forward and lowered his voice so only Jim could hear. "It would be unjust to judge this moment as such. The circumstances in which you are speaking about are different. To hold a gift like yourself is something worth fighting for and jealousy is to be expected, considering how precious you are. It is logical." Jim just stood there for a few seconds, his eyes wide. There went any doubt Jim might have had in regard to what Spock felt for him. "Spock," he said, suddenly hit by the sweet aroma that Spock was known for. "She stays," he said, breathing through his mouth as he took a large step back. The frown on Spock's face did not go unnoticed. How was it that Spock could still cut through him like this? They had a fight nearly give minutes ago. Jim wanted to kill a man, but here they were. The corner of Spock's lips twitched. "Very well. She can have my station." "Commander," Jim uttered, seeing Saavik move to the Science Station without another word. "I can complete my status checks from here. I have everything that I need." Spock answered a few feet from the captain's chair. "Okay." His heart beating, Jim moved to the famous captain's seat. He hesitated for a spilt second before settling down in the chair. At first, Jim was hit with an intense image of Pike as it smelled like the man. A smile danced onto Jim's face as Jim could imagine Pike sitting in his chair a short time ago. Pike wouldn't approve of his mission, and if Jim allowed himself a moment to think, he would admit this was wrong. Jim didn't join Starfleet to kill, even if he had to do so in the past, but with each one of those situations, he had no choice and he had done so with a heavy heart. He had a choice here. Killing Harrison would make him just as bad as him, and Jim refused to be like that man. "Retract all moorings, Mister Sulu." "Yes, sir." Sulu said. "May I say it is nice to have you back, Captain Kirk." He tapped on this panel. "All moorings retracted." He added after a few seconds. Jim swirled in his chair, which never got old. He loved his chair, though he may have to speak to Pike about it. There was something odd going on with the back support. "Lieutenant Uhura, open a ship wide channel." "Yes, sir." Uhura said, meeting his glance. Pressing a communication button on the captain's chair. "Mister Chekov, how are we looking down there?" "All systems nominal, Kaptain. Warp available at your command," came Chekov's reply. Jim could never say it enough: he loved Chekov. His Russian was cutest thing ever. "Thank you, Mister Chekov." He leaned forward. "All right. Let's ride." "Yes, sir." Sulu answered, kicking the Enterprise into warp. "Channel open, sir." Uhura spun to him. Jim took a deep breath. "Attention, crew of the Enterprise. As most of you know, Christopher Pike, the current commanding Officer of this ship and our friend, is in a coma. I have temporary taken over the Enterprise in his place to bring his would be murderer to justice." He paused, glancing up at Spock, who had not moved. "The man who attacked him and killed countless Starfleet officials has fled our system and is hiding on the Klingon homeworld, somewhere he believes we are unwilling to go." Harrison's smile flashed before Jim's eyes, and his hand balled at his side. "We're on our way there now. Per Admiral Marcus, it's essential that our presence go undetected. Tensions between the Federation and the Klingon Empire have been high. Any provocation could lead to an all-out war." Jim glanced back up at Spock, who's eyes were glued to him. He didn't know why the hell it mattered what Spock thought, considering this was all temporary. But yet, it was. He listened to more to Spock than either Bones or Scotty. The very thought annoyed Jim. Was this all due to Spock's actions on Nibiru? "I'll personally lead a landing party to an abandoned city on the surface of Qo'noS where we will capture the fugitive, John Harrison, and return him to Earth so he can face judgement for his actions. All right. Let's go get this son of a bitch. Kirk out." Spock took another step forward, his arms behind his back. "Captain, I believe you have made the right decision. if I can be of assistance, I would be happy to accompany you on the away team." Jim almost choked on his tongue. He didn't want Harrison anywhere near Spock or Spock near Harrison. What was a time of self-discovery turned sour quickly, and he wanted to hide that part deep inside him. God, he felt dirty. Bones was right that this was going to be a messy. Exes made everything messy, and then there was what Marcus had said. If this went wrong, he didn't want Spock near it. He didn't want anyone near it. No doubt careers would be ruined as Jim had a sick feel that Marcus, though he said was his ally, would use that card. Marcus was not his friend. "You? Happy?" he asked, feeling light headed. How the hell did he get here? "I was simply attempting to use your vernacular to convey an idea." Jim snorted again. "Thank you, Mister Spock." He wouldn't shake the feeling bad feeling spouting in his stomach. _(O(O)O)_ Khan was always left with a bad taste in his mouth whenever he had to deal with Admiral Marcus. It would be so much easier if he could just pop the Admiral's head in two, but he could not make his move just yet. The pieces were not in place yet. "You called?" he said, drily. "Oh, Khan. What is with the face?" Marcus laughed. He had stopped calling Khan 'Harrison' when Khan's memories had returned. He took great joy at seeing the anger boil just behind Khan's eyes before a hopeless realization—that he was powerless- dawned on the man. Marcus liked to wave his power in front of Khan, reminding him that he was in charge. "Smile." The office was dark with the light reflecting off the moon as the only illumination in the room. The edge of the Earth was visible through the viewing window. "You did not call me here to here to smile," he spoke, looking past Marcus's head. "I did not but look those pretty blues. You should be thanking me for that face." Marcus replied, leaning back in his face. "So much prettier." Khan schooled his face, refusing to let his anger to reflect, but he was seething. How dare this man think he could order him around like a dog? He was Khan! And secondly, he hated this face. This man robbed him of his face, his life. "Why is it that you called?" "I got another assignment for you." Marcus said, picking up a PADD and scrolling through images and reports. "Oh, joy. What else can I do for you?" He resisted the urge to roll his eyes. "Don't give me that look. You might enjoy this one. When was the last time you had some fun?" He slid the tablet across the desk. Khan made no movement to it. "Again, no smile? I need you to seduce someone for me." Khan eyed the PADD, blond hair popping out to him. "Why Admiral? Who would want me over you?" he asked, sarcastically. Marcus waved at the PADD. "An Admiral seducing a Captain wouldn't look good. Besides, you're more his type." "So, I am now your whore?" Khan folded his hands behind his back, balling his fists. The Admiral laughed. "My whore? Here I thought I was doing you a favor. Help you work out some of that anger. Just take a look." Khan, aggravated, took a step forward, his eyes widening as he noticed the man on the PADD. Though Marcus had limited much of his access to the outside world—not that the man had been successful in doing so-, Khan knew who James T Kirk was. He doubted there was a single person that did not. "I doubt I am his type." "You would be wrong. Captain Kirk had been banging his male First Officer for god knows how long. Or maybe, his First Officer had been banging him. I doubt that Vulcan would allow anything else, and Kirk does seem like the type." He paused, not explaining what he meant by type. "Heck, he caused a colossal incident with the Daleniens, almost destroying everything with his voluptuous indiscretions. He almost screwed up my deal. If he would've kept his pants on, we wouldn't be here right now." Khan raised an eyebrow, not sure what Marcus was referring to. "You seemed very interest in Kirk's sex life, Admiral Marcus. Jealous, are we?" Marcus narrowed his eyes at Khan, sending him draggers. "Watch it, Khan. We wouldn't want anything to happen to your crew, your family, do we?" It would be so easy to kill this man. Khan could see six different ways that he could kill this man without breaking a sweat. He could pick up that desk and slam it down on Marcus's head before he realized it. He could twist his neck with just a flick of the wrist. "What is it that you want from Captain James T. Kirk?" Standing, Marcus turned to the window and stared at the Earth. "A few things. Good bargaining tool. Plus, it won't hurt to have Captain Kirk and, by extension, Admiral Pike under my thumb." He took a deep breath before turning back. "So, what you say, Khan? Plus, it would be a good stress reliever for you. Maybe, it will curb that murder in your eyes." He laughed. What the hell was so funny? Khan did not know. "As you wish, Admiral Marcus." Kirk may be breathtaking, those magnificent cerulean eyes alone pulling him in, but he had better things to do with his time. He had to save his crew, not fuck some Captain no matter how easy it would be. And it would be easy. "But what if Kirk turns me down? It would not be surprising." He had heard the stories, though he was unsure how true they were. Marcus turned, eyeing Khan. "Kirk would like to think himself as complicated, playing the victim, but just bat your eyes at him, he will drop his pants. He wasn't known as the campus slut for nothing when he was at the Academy. You know the drill. Daddy issues." Khan couldn't help but wonder if Marcus was this much of an idiot with everything. If so, this would make it so much easier. Marcus would never see it coming. "Very well." "And oh, I need you to record some of your…" Marcus paused for second, as he gestured into the air. Khan just stared at him. Really? He had no issue with fucking some Captain for the fun of it. It was just sex and who didn't enjoy sex, but taping it? What was his endgame? Though, it would make sense if Marcus wanted to blackmail Kirk. "Just say it, Admiral. No need to be craven now. You want a sex tape. Are you sure you don't want to get your rocks off?" Marcus's expression was deadly. A fury waiting to be unleashed. "Maybe, you will curb your tongue if you had one less crew member to worry about." He titled his head. "What you say?" Hands balling at his side, Khan forced himself to remain calm. "As you wish. I shall get you what you what." "Good boy," Marcus smiled. "Oh, remember, I need you to fuck him. Not the other way around." "Understood." Author note: I am pretty sure no one would be sad at Marcus's death at this point. LOL And yes, he seemed too interested in Jim's sex life. Until next time. Oh, Jealous Spock is cute. LOL
