A/N - Hey guys! I'll keep comments short. Wow it's been a long time since I started writing this fic! Finally I have a basic outline of how I'd like to finish everything off and the end appears to be nigh! That said, I've had to change a few things since I originally posted it so the plot would make some semblance of sense. So, here be the new and improved Chapter 1 (5). As always: Disclaimer: I do not own Star Trek. If I did, I would be called Gene Roddenberry or Paramount Pictures. And I'm not. And thank the universe, because if I'd had to learn how to spell Paramount in grade 1 I probably would have died from frustration. Warnings: This will eventually be SLASH (Kirk/Spock), set in the Reboot/XI universe. In this chapter there are canonical mentions of verbal child abuse. Flames will be shared with my friends for a laugh at your expense. This is un-beta'd! Universal Constants (Or, Five People Who Left Jim Kirk and One Who Didn't) 5 James Tiberius Kirk didn't always have blue eyes. When he was born they were hazel, but turned blue when he was six, staying with Sam at Grandpa Tiberius' for two weeks while his mom and Frank are on Kalatos III for their honeymoon. It struck Jim as strange that she might want to celebrate her marriage in such a traditional way; even at his young age he'd come to realize that his mother isn't exactly the sentimental sort. They'd never gone on "family vacations," didn't celebrate any birthdays, and holidays besides Christmas were non-existent (and even that was a bit of a haphazard, hastily thrown together affair). The sparse collection of family holos and albums had been hidden in the attic gathering dust since before Jim can remember. His family is nothing like the families of the other kids at school that Jim knows, but that has never bothered him. They're unique, but they still stick together. Still have each other and love each other even if they don't always say it aloud or even really expressing it in emotional ways. Jim has never felt the need to gorge himself on replicated turkey and pumpkin pie once a year to understand and be thankful for his family, small and unconventional as they are. Sam explains their mom's sudden change of heart on their second night bunking in their father's creaky old bedroom. (Sam doesn't like the room - says the stillness creeps him out, like their dad could burst through the door at any moment. Jim on the other hand, who's never known his father but through the artefacts he'd left behind, finds it comforting.) "She's prob'ly just trying to move on from Dad and do something diffr'nt," he says. "'Cause Frank's supposed to be our dad now." "Frank'll never be my dad!" Jim spits, outraged. It isn't like he hates Frank or anything. They'd played ball a few times in the yard, and when Jim had broken the banister a month ago, Frank hadn't ratted him out (though his mom had known it was him anyway). But that doesn't mean Frank could ever take the place of his dad. Jim won't ever let that happen. Sam rolls his eyes, dangling upside down over the edge of the top bunk. "Nobody said he's taking dad's place, Jimbo," (Jim scowls more...he hates that nickname) "but he's gonna be doin' the same stuff a dad would be doin', ya know? Like taking us to school and baseball games and shit." "Grandpa says that's a bad word. And anyway I'm not gunna do any of that stuff with Frank. He can't make me." It's Sam's turn to scowl. With a gusty sigh he disappears back over the edge of his bunk. "God you're such a baby sometimes." Jim isn't sure if he'd been meant to hear the comment, as low as it is. He can hear his brother shifting under the scratchy wool blankets, the old wooden bed frame squeaking in protest. Jim wants to kick him. He hates being called a baby, and Sam knows that. Instead, he crosses his arms across his chest and turns onto his side, listening for a long while to the noises of the house; Grandpa Tiberius' rattling snore down the hall and the wind blowing through the big oak tree in the front yard and Sam's breathing as it shallows out in sleep. "'M not a baby." He murmurs, and hugs his pillow tight. Half a week into their stay the migraine hits. Grandpa Tiberius gruffly puts him to bed at two that afternoon and shuts the curtains, coming in to check on him every once in a while with glasses of water and saltine crackers Jim can barely keep down. Sam thinks he's faking it for attention. Jim can tell. Maybe he thinks Jim's just pretending to be sick so Mom and Frank will hop the next shuttle home and cut their honeymoon short. But Jim doesn't have the energy or inclination to set him straight; his head hurts and his eyes hurt and his ears hurt and the whole universe hurts and by the end of the fourth day even Sam is starting to look a little worried. On the morning of the sixth, Grandpa Tiberius – checking in on him – sucks in a breath and stills as Jim blearily blinks up at him. His eyelids feel heavy and tight, and the skin on his face too dry. An hour or so later, lost in a haze of pain and nausea, Jim can hear Grandpa's raspy voice murmuring to someone in the upstairs hall, the door creaking open, then soft thunking footsteps crossing to his bed. "Jimmy, little Jim, we gotta getcha to the truck m'boy. You understand? Doc Ainsley gonna give yeh somethin' for the pain, okay? But we gotta get'cha to Mercy." He hears another pair of footsteps entering the room, these making more of a sharp clacking noise that makes him whimper. Grandpa strokes his hair. His hands are huge, calloused and gnarled, dirt perpetually caked under his fingernails. But he is painfully gentle. "'T'll be alright." Jim doesn't like all the noise, but the petting feels good; makes the throbbing in his head less pronounced. He can't stop himself leaning into the touch a little. He hears a small clink of glass. "This'll put him to sleep for a few hours." Sleep is good. Jim likes sleeping. He feels a cold circle of metal press against the big vein on his neck, the sharp sting and quiet hiss of a hypo, and the world dissipates, painless and black. The smell is the first thing Jim notices when he groggily struggles his way to consciousness. He takes a deep breath, then exhales the sharp odour of bleach and lemon attempting to mask sickly sweet disease. Inhale, exhale. Inhale, exhale. The nausea is gone, now, but he can sense a dim light pressing against his eyelids and is reluctant to open his eyes just in case it comes rushing back. The bio-bed is strangely cool beneath his skin and feels...he can't place it exactly. Not like any mattress he's ever slept on. It's hard, but cushiony at the same time, made of some kind of foam. If he concentrates he thinks he can almost feel the microscopic body sensors assessing his vitals with every blip of the monitor above his head. Gently humming. He imagines this is what it feels like to sleep in a starship. There's nobody else in the room. Or if there is, he hasn't heard them. But he knows someone will be there soon. Knows his mother will come. His mother always came for him. He lays there for a while, barely moving, taking time to relish in the feeling of not being in pain. Slowly he drifts back to sleep, dreaming of starships and exploration and impossible adventures. The second time he wakes from voices whispering furiously. " - them with you for two goddamn weeks and now look at him! Jimmy -" "Not my goddamn fault, Winona. Doc says he got some sorta disease from the migraine. Horners. Rare -" Jim knew she'd come. "I know what he fucking said, but he must have gotten it from somewhere!" "Well it's nuthin' to do with me and I'll thank ye not to go 'bout spoutin' ridiculous accusations." "Ridicu- my son almost died -" "Mom," Sam's voice interrupts. "He's awake." Jim opens his eyes slowly, squinting and blinking rapidly to adjust to the light. Sam is fidgeting at the edge of a chair to his left next to two huge windows with the shades down. His mom is flying to the side of his bed from the opposite corner of the room where Grandpa Tiberius still stands, tense as a wild animal. His huge, gnarled hands clenched together so hard his knuckles are white and Jim wishes he could tell him that it's okay, that he's okay now. His head doesn't hurt anymore and despite what his mom says Jim knows it's not fault. But she's launched herself at the bed, scrambling to hold his hand and pet his hair and he needs to take a moment to relish in the singular focus of her attention. He tries his best to smile up at her - to study her face (paler than normal, with more lines than he remembers around her eyes) and hair (the same colour as his - like wheat and the mid-afternoon sun) pulled wildly back at the nape of her neck. She recoils. Drops his hand for a moment. "They're blue." It's a tiny whisper of disbelief. Maybe even denial. Her eyes are haunted. Shadowed. Her lips press thin, as if attempting to trap her emotions inside herself. He thinks maybe she's trying to hide her reaction – the rejection on her face – but it's impossible. Its already seared itself onto the back of his too-blue eyes. "Doc says it's a side-'ffect uh what he got. Ne'r be dark again." Something fundamental in their relationship has changed somehow, in that moment. Even when she puts on a show and chatters nervously, trying to pretend like nothing is wrong, Jim can still feel it. Grandpa Tiberius goes home later that day, saying nothing but brushing a rare, whiskery kiss against Jim's forehead before shuffling quietly out of the room. The shift is even more evident as she brings him and Sam home from the hospital a few days later in tense, somewhat awkward silence. Jim sees it as she progresses from avoiding his eyes to avoiding him entirely as days and weeks pass by. He recognizes it when, the day before his 7th birthday, she starts taking 'Fleet contracts off-world and disappears in a flurry of last-minute packing and activity leaving a startled Frank behind. It's evident in how she isn't there to rescue him and Sam when Frank gets angry and drunk more and more often. How her answers to their increasingly desperate messages as Frank becomes more and more comfortable in putting them down (and smacking them around) take longer and longer. How she comes home less and less as Jim gets more wild and more desperate until one lazy afternoon in May when Frank is screaming at Sam for no reason in the kitchen and Jim is hot-wiring the vintage corvette in the garage. "Don't give up she's gonna come home there's no such thing as no-win scenarios you can win her back don't give up she's gonna come home there's no such thing as no-win scenarios you can win her back don't give up -" Her affection has been shifted. Damaged. Perhaps lost. Jim doesn't know, but he isn't about to just let it happen. He won't give in without a proper fight. There's nothing sweeter to Jim in this moment than hurting Frank back for all the hurts he's inflicted for the past five years. This is his dad's car anyway, no matter what Frank always says, and he likes to think that his dad would understand that it's necessary to destroy it if it means that Frank can't have it and mom will finally come home again. The engine finally roars to life. Jim revs the engine, wondering when Frank will notice the obvious noise, then releases the brakes and tries to keep the wheel straight as it bursts through the garage door, masking the crack of splintering wood knocking hard against the windshield. He sees Frank, shouting and waving a fist, tripping down the porch steps, and gives him a huge grin and a cheery middle-finger as he guns it forward down the dusty drive. He wonders where her love has gone, and if he can ever find it again. Why it left in the first place. Why she's left in the first place. But either way, he can't give up. Won't give up. The phone insert rings and he answers it quickly. "Are you out of your mind? That car's an antique! You think you can get away with this just because your mother's off-planet? You get your ass back home, now! You live in my house, buddy. You live in my house and that's my car. You get one scratch on that car and I'm gonna whip your a-" Fuck Frank. Even though he unlocked the roof panels he's startled when the whole thing rips itself away and whoops at Johnny Miller as he tears down the empty road. He hadn't figured out exactly what to do after he had stolen the car, but as a motorcycle cop pulls up beside him, attempting to pull him over with flashing lights and sirens and a robotic voice calling, "Halt! Citizen!" he takes a sharp right onto the dusty road to the Starfleet quarry. "Five, four, three, two –" the words drown beneath Ad-Rock and Mike D and MCA. A huge spike of adrenaline and Jim is flying. Dirt and rocks scrape unforgiving against his hands as he scrambles to stop his forward momentum. There's a moment, just as his legs have gone over the edge that his heart is pounding so goddamn hard he can't hear anything else, the numbness in his mind makes him think he's really died. A deep, microscopic part of him wonders if that would really be a bad thing. He crawls forward on hands and knees, thankful for Sam's leather jacket that protected him from the worst of the damage. He looks up, eyeing the cop as it crunches its way across the gravel and dust to stand before him, and scrambles to his feet. "Is there a problem, officer?" Jim still doesn't know why the colour of his eyes really matter at all.
More story updates! Disclaimer: I do not own Star Trek. If I did, I would be called Gene Roddenberry or Paramount Pictures. And I'm not. And thank the universe, because if I'd had to learn how to spell Paramount in grade 1 I probably would have died from frustration. Warnings: This will eventually be SLASH (Kirk/Spock), set in the Reboot/XI universe. In this chapter there are canonical mentions of verbal child abuse. Flames will be shared with my friends for a laugh at your expense. This is un-beta'd! Universal Constants (Or, Five People Who Left Jim Kirk and One Who Didn't) 4 It isn't like Jim really knew her. She was a few grades above him in school and Will's sister to boot and even though Will is his best friend that doesn't mean anything. Actually, as far as Jim knows she only had one friend – a super Christian girl named Marganit transferred here from Israel at the beginning of the school year. He remembers she was quiet. Smart like he's smart – irritating-teachers-by-pointing-out-all-of-their-mistakes kind of smart. But where Jim always sets "unreasonable goals" for himself (his latest math project is to change shield-generator formulae to reflect minor fluctuations in ion storms) according to school counsellors, she was content to soak in as much information as possible and just…keep it there. Locked inside of herself. Jim was baffled by it. Still is. She was a handsome girl, but not particularly beautiful. There was something unpleasant about her face that reminded him of his mother after his eyes turned blue, so whenever he was at Will's house and she came in whatever room they'd decided to inhabit, Jim had always gotten surly and tense and avoids interaction with her as much as possible – easy enough since Will's parents already kind of hate that Will even hangs around with Jim in the first place and the idea that he might be invited along to family functions is laughable. He doesn't know if he regrets treating her like some kind of pariah now that she's dead, but he thinks not. It sounds cruel, he knows, but he also knows if it'd been Will instead of Amber he wouldn't ever be the same again so it's not like he has no concept of empathy. But he didn't really know Amber, and he doesn't particularly want to change who he is so that his reaction to her death is more socially acceptable. Changing would mean that Frank and all the other adults in his life that tell him he's worthless, barbarous, and outrageous have won, and Jim is nothing if not stubborn. He refuses to change for anyone. And he doesn't understand wanting to die, either. He wonders if his dad felt that way as he was flying headlong into that ship – but decides that it was different. His dad wanted to die not because he was miserable, but because he wanted to save all those people. Wanted to save his mom…wanted to save him. Jim thinks if someone were in his dad's position he could understand. He's never really felt like that himself, though. Even at the quarry three years ago, when he had that moment where he thought he was dead, he didn't particularly want to die. There's a big difference, he thinks, to wondering if you'd be better off dead and actually seeking death. The one time he had asked Sam about it it was clear that his brother doesn't get the difference at all, and Jim is positive that Frank would be the first to say that the world would be better off without certain "fuck-ups" causing mayhem in Riverside. He doesn't know what his mom thinks – it's hard to know since he hasn't spent any real time with them for over half a fucking decade. But Amber wasn't in a situation like that. She wasn't trying to save anyone. She was…Jim doesn't know what she was. She didn't leave a note or anything, like most people he's heard of that commit suicide. It bothers him, especially because Will is so broken up about it, but also because he wants to understand. Jim sits with Will at the quarry a few days after it happened. It's cold, and they're both bundled in thick jackets and hats to stave off the chill of the dry March air. Will is mostly silent and sullen, his attitude reflecting the flat grey clouds covering the wide expanse of sky. His face is paler than normal so that the freckles stand out on his cheeks and his eyes appear sunken and bruised, probably from crying. He isn't crying now, though, just staring out over the edge of the quarry, picking at some brush weed with his gloved hand. His eyes are blue like Jim's eyes, but he was born with them. Jim wants to make him forget, like he can't forget, what kind of toll death takes on those left behind. Wants to kiss him until that look goes away forever. "My parents set the funeral for this Saturday." His voice startles Jim, cracking a little towards the end and cutting through the noises of rustling grass and the hallow moans of the wind echoing in the quarry. Jim frowns. "You have to go?" Will turns abruptly, his eyes sharp and cutting into Jim so deep he swears he can feel the ache of it in his chest. "She's my fucking sister, asshole." His voice is as frigid as the air and Jim searches his face for a moment before shrugging and looking away. Will probably thinks the statement explains everything, but Jim doesn't think it's that simple. He doesn't know if he'd attend the funeral of a family member, even if he was made to. Maybe Sam. Jim doesn't believe in no-win scenarios and death seems like too much of a no-win scenario to him. But he doesn't believe in God, either, and he knows that death is a universal constant, so he isn't really sure how to explain what he thinks to Will. Instead, he picks at a loose thread on his sweater and shivers. "It's cold." Will sighs and drops his glare, hugging his knees against his chest. "Then go back home." He's totally tense and sounds lost and resigned and Jim hates it. He misses his best friend – the one who snuck into the Starfleet base to check out the new starship being built the autumn before last and who laughs when Jim does something crazy and who played Marco Polo with him at the waterhole for hours during the summer – and he doesn't really know how to help him. Sure Jim knows what it's like to lose people, but not really in this context. He never knew his dad, and his mom… He shuffles over a bit, the frozen dust scraping the seat of his jeans, until he's pressed flush along Will's side. "Not goin' anywhere." Jim whispers, and he knows that Will can't hear him. "What?" Instead of repeating himself, Jim slithers an arm around his waist and leans over to kiss the corner of his lips softly. He isn't sure why, even though he's been wanting to for a while. Jim is definitely a touchy-feely kind of guy, but Will isn't at all and Jim usually respects his friend's boundaries. Besides, a kiss is a bit more than a slap on the back or an arm around shoulders, and it's kind of an inappropriate time. Will's sister just killed herself. Jim does have some concept of empathy, propriety, and restraint despite what pretty much every adult believes. The kiss has a strange effect on Will, though – definitely not the one Jim expects. He turns to face Jim with a look on his face that's filled with so many mixed emotions it's impossible to read. Curiosity, outrage, wonder, shyness, shock…Jim knows he hasn't lived long enough to be able to properly assess and label them. But he stays calm in the face of the storm brewing on Will's features and watches, his lips pressed thinly together like he's trying to hold in a smile but it's clear he's not actually amused. "Why'd you…" Will begins but doesn't finish. Curiosity, apparently, has beaten everything else back. "Because I wanted to." Will's eyebrows furrow, and he frowns in confusion. "Dude, boys aren't supposed to fuck around with other boys. That's what my parents say, anyway. And the pastor." Jim rolls his eyes. "So? Adults aren't always right, you know. Take Frank for example." Will gives him a long, considering look. "You don't have to answer, but…he doesn't actually hurt you, does he? I mean…he doesn't smack you or anything, right?" "It's not…it's fine." He won't give Will an in-depth answer. it could be. Nothing good ever comes from opening that can of worms – besides, it's not as bad as could be. But Jim isn't a fucking baby who cries his eyes out from getting a couple of boo-boos. Sure, he gets a whipping every now and again, but Jim doesn't consider a knock upside the head or a cuff to the ear anything too outrageous. He doesn't want to talk about this anymore – doesn't want to think about fucking Frank when he's here with Will trying to comfort him over his dead sister and he just kissed him. By Will's continued silence, Jim thinks he takes the hint. But he knows for sure that the conversation is over a moment later because Will has wrapped his arm around Jim's waist in a silent show of support, and that's why he's Jim's best friend. They sit for a while more, arms around each other, lost in their own thoughts. At least Jim is, so when Will breaks the silence he jerks perceptibly. "I guess you have a point, though." Jim turns to him, puzzled. "About what?" "Well," he begins, slowly and cautiously, still looking out towards the horizon. "Adults. They're not always right." Jim's pulse jumps and his stomach defies biology by lodging itself in his throat. He's very aware of Will pressed against his side, the weight of his arm comforting around his waist. He licks his lips, not taking his eyes away from Will's face for even a moment. If he blinks it might be gone and Jim has learned never to let things like this slip between his fingers; to never take anything with anyone for granted. "Yeah?" his voice cracks on his reply and he feels embarrassment crawling onto his cheeks with a flush. Will looks at him, then, his face oddly serious but also nervous as well. "Yeah…so if you wanted – " Jim doesn't let him finish. They're not boyfriends. Will doesn't want his parents to know for one – and if other kids or teachers start seeing them holding hands or kissing or anything else at school then they're bound to find out about their fucking around one way or another. Too, Jim doesn't think he wants to be anyone's boyfriend just yet. He's only just turned 15, and even though kissing and groping feels good and he wants to do it (a lot, if he's honest with himself) he isn't sure if he's ready for that kind of commitment yet. Because he isn't sure if he can be "boyfriends" and still stay "best friends" and since being "best friends" has worked out so well in the past he's reluctant to give up the safety behind that title. So really they just have awesome make-out sessions out by the quarry and behind the school all spring and jerk each other off and leave it at that. Jim isn't really experienced at all anyway – Will wasn't his first kiss, or even his second (that was Sophia in grade 4 and I'inρ'th during the summer between grades 6 and 7 visiting his aunt and uncle on Tarsus) but he's the best so far. Maybe it's because they've been close since they were little kids. Jim doesn't know. But he isn't going to complain. Amber's funeral has passed. Even though Jim knows he won't be able to help Will forget completely, he's glad that he can provide a pleasant distraction. It's the end of March and they're at the cinema holding hands discreetly as Bravo Perez orders a martini, shaken, not stirred, and D'Artas uses Orion dance to seduce him. And it's April and the weather has gotten warmer as spring arrives so Jim drags Will to the waterhole to skinny dip instead of sitting in class. And it's May, during a heat wave, and they're camping out under the stars, in the field behind Jim's house, kissing lazily. Jim's surprised, though, when everything goes pear-shaped. He doesn't know why he'd let himself think this might last – he's already learned that nothing good lasts long, and Will had been acting pretty distant for a few weeks. The more Jim thinks about it, forehead pressed heavily against the window of the U.S.S. Zephram VI, the more he can appreciate the irony. It's almost poetic. Frank's been looking at Jim for the past few nights and even Sam is starting to get suspicious at the sudden lack of drinking and knocking around. But Jim doesn't really know what's putting the nasty smirk on his face, and he's too distracted by Will's weird behaviour recently to really take time to figure it out. It all started when Will's mom had forced him to join the chess club after school – the one Jim is banned from for "cheating" – and since then he's started getting all friendly with Amber's old friend Marganit who's been the president since Amber died. The sun beats down hard on his back. It has been for the past three hours, but Jim can't really bring himself to go back home. Will said he'd be here. He wouldn't lie to Jim. It's almost dusk by the time he does arrive. Jim has long since settled himself on the ground facing the chasm of the quarry, away from the path, but he can hear the spokes of his bike clicking as he approaches. He doesn't get up. Doesn't look behind him. Will approaches slowly but remains standing behind Jim instead of moving to sit beside him. "You're late." Jim doesn't mean for it to sound as flat and accusatory as it probably comes off, but he will make no apologies for it. "I know." Jim hears Will sigh after a few minutes, and the rasping sound of his shoes on the dust as he finally places himself gingerly at Jim's side. "Listen, Jim…" "Don't – " "I don't want to be friends anymore. I…I don't think we should be friends." Jim doesn't know what to say, so he says nothing. He doesn't look at Will. He can't look at Will. If he does, he isn't sure he'll be able to keep the beast that's clawing its way up his throat at bay. "It's just…what we're doing – it's wrong. I've been talking to Margie about it -" Instantly, Jim is furious. The beast transforms into something different. Savage. "What the fuck Will – " "It's a sin, Jim! What we're doing –" "There's nothing wrong with what we're doing! There's nothing wrong with –" "– It's unnatural!" Jim's head whips around to face Will, finally. They stare at each other. Jim refuses to look away from the shame on Will's face, hoping that it stems from what he's saying and not from what they had together but knowing that his hope is misplaced. After a beat, Will looks away and bites his lip. "I told my mother." Jim feels as if he's just dived head-first into the waterhole in dead winter. "What?" He isn't sure what this feeling is that's making his heart slam impossibly fast against his ribs and tightens his lungs until he's sure he can't breathe. "I told my mother. I had to tell her, okay? I gotta repent. Gotta make it up to God – it's a sin, don't you get it?" Jim doesn't get it. No fucking way. Will has never been like this – sure his parents make him go to church and shit but he's never been big on the whole religion thing. Jim has no idea what changed or when or how. All he knows is that what he feels for Will – what he still feels for Will, even if he's being a fucking idiot – isn't something to be ashamed of. It isn't a fucking sin. All he knows is that sins don't exist just like God doesn't fucking exist. All he knows is that he can't stay there one moment longer. He doesn't remember the bike ride home, but it's almost pitch dark by the time he gets home and Sam is up from the couch and at his side in an instant after taking one step through the front door. "Jimmy, Frank – " He starts, panicked. "There you are you little shit. Been waitin' for you." Jim feels Frank's huge, sweaty palm wrap around the back of his neck and can't help but shudder. What makes him more suspicious than the lingering bodily contact – because Frank will never touch him without violence if he can help it – is the distinct lack of whiskey drowning the air around them. "Good thing you got home when you did, or we'd be late for the shuttle." Jim swallows, staring at Sam whose face is so pale it's white, his teeth clenched hard and lips pressed thin. "Shuttle?" He cracks out the question only by force. "Yeah. See, I had myself an interesting talk with William Thornton's mother the other day – she was very upset that her little boy's being corrupted by certain little fags strutting 'round Riverside thinkin' they own the place and can do whatever they want, no consequences. Telling good God-fearing folk it's okay to be a fuckin' pillow-biter. A few comms later I found a solution, 'cause you can't stay here spewin' all that crap, so you're going to stay with your aunt, on Tarsus. Happy to take you in, she said, and teach you what's what." Jim knows that Aunt Evie thinks Frank is full of shit and would never punish him for doing what he knows is right. For loving who he does and feeling how he does. But the knowledge doesn't seem to be able to sludge through the numbness washing over him. Sam looks away. "Don't need to worry about packing – Sammie here packed for you. Let's get goin'." And Jim doesn't have the energy to fight it as he's led to the car, identical to his dad's, but new. Replaced. He wonders if they'll replace him, too, once he's gone, but decides they wouldn't. After all, who would want to replace someone like Jim?
A/N: Holy bugger you guys. This chapter was so much more angsty and intense than I meant it to be…and as such, it was a pain in the bottom to write. I am soooo sorry for the delay! As always, I tried to throw in as many canon references as possible, even while delving far, far from canon. I hope you enjoy it! Edit: after another incredibly super ridiculously long hiatus, I decided to go back to this fic! Yay! Need a bit of a break from grad school writing (which is super ironic because I'm in a Holocaust and Genocide studies program, so naturally before I got started again I felt the need to give this chapter specifically a little update - the chapter about a genocide). My husband always tells me I cant switch off. But the excellent news is that I have actually completed the concept outline for the end of the fic! Hooray, there is an end in sight! Hope you enjoy the new, shiny, revamped chapter and all there is yet to come! Disclaimer: I don't own Star Trek or any of the characters (though the OC's are mine) and I don't make any money off of writing! Star Trek is owned by Gene Roddenberry and Paramount Pictures, etc. Warnings (important!): This will eventually be SLASH (Kirk/Spock), set in the Reboot/XI universe. This chapter contains angst (LIKE WOAH), graphic depictions of (canonical) genocide, violence, and terrible, horrible things. Also inter-species boy kissing, which I don't think is horrible at all but recognize that some people might. There will be no mentions of sexual abuse in this story, except for my own raping of alien languages, translated at the end. If any of this offends you, or is a trigger or something, please be warned. I tried to keep everything PG-13. This story is un-beta'd. Flames will be shared with friends for a laugh at your expense! Universal Constants (Or, Five People Who Left Jim Kirk and One Who Didn't) 3 Jim isn't really sure exactly how long he's been in the hospital. A few days, probably, though it feels much longer. Years. Sam and his mom have been in every day, which would be a shock to him but he doesn't think he can be shocked about anything anymore. Not now, anyway. Now that it's over – now that he's here, back on Earth and away from Tarsus – everything seems to be going in slow motion. He will never be able to think of Einstein's theory of time relativity the same way again. Hank and Atlas, who have been sharing his room, were released to their families yesterday and he's alone now until new patients come in. He's glad; this new kind of empty silence makes him feel infinitely more comfortable than the choking anger that makes it impossible for him to speak, after they tried to pretend that everything was the same as before. After they tried to pretend that they would be his friends no matter what. Utter bullshit. Nothing will ever be the same. Honestly, Jim doesn't even know why they were admitted to the hospital in the first place. It's not like they were on the wrong list. It's not like they had had anything to worry about except running low on sweets – a fact that Jim was painfully aware of, and all three of them knew it. They were his classmates and his friends, and now… If he thinks about it, he can almost hear Sato-obaa chiding him for his anger. "Asahi-chan," she would say, "don't be ridiculous. What happened wasn't their fault. They are just as much survivors of this tragedy as you are." But it's not ridiculous, and it's not the same. Not to Jim. And, he thinks, perhaps Sato-obaa might concede his point in this case. Jim's appointed therapist is betazoid and he hates her. He knows she can feel it, but since he has yet to utter a word to anyone since his arrival she probably thinks that he just hates the world. He isn't sure why, exactly, he hates her so much. She hasn't done anything to him – in fact she's the model of a perfect therapist. And maybe that's exactly the reason. She doesn't understand – could never even fathom. Her inherent Betazoid connection to the universe is such that she simply couldn't have ever experienced what he had. And isn't that the whole point of her job, exactly? To help him work through his massive fucking trauma? How could she ever do so, with only an empty eggshell of understanding? That she could be so fucking arrogant to even try makes him hate her all the more. Jim stares at her neatly manicured hands resting in her lap with narrowed eyes. She sits across from him with the appearance of collective calm, the silence in the room disrupted only by a low ticking of an old-fashioned clock and, finally, a soft, sorrowful sigh in a voice smooth like honey. "I cannot help you, James, if you do not let me." Laughter is probably not what she is expecting from him, but he can't actually contain it. It bursts forth out of his mouth almost viciously and sounds horrible; manic and hollow. It makes her shiver. He looks her straight in the eyes for the first time since he's met her, all traces of humour gone from his expression. "Zadi'uun utzai RamLaeer." She is obviously startled, but he can't tell if it's because he's spoken in Betazoid or if it's because he's spoken at all. His voice feels scratchy and sounds hoarse after so much disuse. Her black eyes reflect the sun filtering in through the large window of her office. "TemSooth Betazur?" He ignores her again. Obvious, stupid questions – he won't waste his energy by answering. Instead, he grips the armrest of his hoover-chair until he can feel his elbows shake with the effort and watches two star finches in a cage in the corner. He can't hear them sing through the sound barrier put in place for this meeting and for some reason feels the loss acutely. She waits patiently for him to answer, but after a few minutes realizes he won't. Out of the corner of his eye he can almost see her decision to try and reach him through what she believes to be a new opening. And perhaps it is, depending on what she does next; he's tired, after all, and Hank and Atlas have finally gone home. "Imyav –" Wrong. "bang jIHbe'" She probably doesn't speak Klingon, but the language is harsh and rough and matches the coarseness in his throat. His emotions churn violently like the viridian Tarsus dust before a storm, and he knows no better way to express them than through the language of war. He is silent for the rest of their session and watches the birds. Something is wrong. Jim is certain of it. School for the past few weeks has been filled with a sense of growing tension as the once healthy, strong grain crops don't seem to be getting any better no matter what. They've even enlisted the students to try and come up with solutions. At first it was a game, but Jim could see the hint of desperation beneath the veneer of his teachers. He lets out a gusty sigh, kicking at the viridian dirt as his school bag bumps against his leg. Sato-obaa will not be pleased that he got in trouble today, for calling them out on their shit. He's just so frustrated by it all – the secrecy, the whispers…everything. They just don't seem to understand that he's not a fucking idiot. He can almost hear Sato-obaa now: "Jim, my asahi-chan," she will say, "despite being the brightest student I've ever had, you do the most stupid things. If you're going to verbalize such emotion to your teachers, you must remember that there are an infinite number of ways in which to express it; including many that those less intelligent wouldn't understand. Such is the power of language. Wakatta?" He sighs again, following the dirt pathway along the rotting crops of grain to Sato-obaa's white-washed cottage. He doesn't know why he can't bring himself to just walk across the field. He slows, then stops. Something is wrong. His bag is gone. The field – the rotting grain – gone. There is a stillness to the air. An unnatural quiet. He forces himself to slow his breathing, even though his heart is racing and there are waterfalls in his ears deafening him and he can't breathe he can't fucking breathe because maybe they're here but they can't be here their shift starts in thirty seven minutes he knows because he's watched them now for months as they continue their routine but they must be here oh fuck he's going to get caught he can't stay here there has to be somewhere to hide somewhere they can't find him but he just needs to calm the fuck down and start thinking logically otherwise he – – stares intently at the governor's face without blinking or moving while people are deathly silent around him, clinging to each other and trying to stay as far away from the Symmetrist's sirshos'im surrounding the enclosure as they can get, listening to the words flowing from the man's mouth, "…continued existent a threat to the well-being of society. Your lives mean slow death to the more valued members of the –"and the words are searing themselves into his mind like the burn of acid and he – – holds her and holds her and never wants to let go even though the blood is making her slippery and if he could he would absorb the body deep within himself and keep it locked away to protect her from all of this because she's just a baby – was just a baby – and it wasn't her fault that she wasn't able to connect with the universe and he's – – being ripped away from Aunt Evie whose voice has joined in the cacophony of screaming and shouting surrounding him and the massive movement of bodies scrambling to get away pin him against the scalding metal wall of the chamber, then down…pressed into the crumbling floor he watches – horror expanding like a singularity in his chest – as a girl a grade below him named Tammy is trampled to death so violently that her bright red blood spatters against people's bare legs, tinged blue-green from dust…and after a moment he knows deep down in the emptiness that fills him that he must get out before they spray the masupik suk'sov-dan and there is only death so he starts – - clawing at the ground beside Oziξas, both of them gripping handfuls of dirt and prickly cornflower skyweed ignoring the sharp pain in his hands and throwing it all to the side and Tom is behind them holding Kevin and they're trying to squeeze themselves inside the hollow of the namtev tree, begging a God he doesn't believe in to please let them not get caught because he's got nothing left besides them and he – – feels so good, so incredible, and the dark blue skin at Oziξas' hips is freezing beneath his fingers but starting to warm and his breath is like ice against his mouth as they pant together and kiss and kiss but they have to be quiet so as to not wake Kevin and Tom and attract unwanted attention and even though this is only happening because his cold-blooded friend can't warm himself this is the first time since his last day on Earth that he actually feels something even if it is mixed with fear and he's – – hungry, so hungry, but he can't feel it anymore because he's gone so long without real food and his body has learned to ignore the aching pain in his gut, but Kevin is crying softly from hunger, soft enough that the sirshos'im in their dusty uniforms won't hear, and he wonders if maybe next time they shouldn't give him as much food because the sooner he gets used to hunger the less it will hurt and he's – - in so much pain he doesn't think he could endure it any longer as the leather snap snap snaps against his raw, aching back but he has to survive he fucking has to because the others need him so he grits his teeth so hard he can feel one chip and does everything he can to distract himself and make sure he won't give in to this sadistic fuck by - Screaming and screaming and the bio-bed is wailing, and three nurses knock their chairs over onto the sterile white linoleum to get to him as fast as possible. It's not the first night Jim has had such nightmares, but it is the first night he cries. It's two in the morning so the hospital is mostly quiet. The sterility that surrounds him is something that Jim can't seem to get used to no matter how long he's been here. After the grain-plague, the soil on Tarsus turned dry as dust – it would get everywhere. There was no escaping it. After a week or so he was almost as blue as an Andorian. His legs shake almost imperceptibly as he slowly makes his way down the corridor out of the children's ward, head bent down to protect his eyes from the harsh overhead lighting. This isn't the first time he's gone on a midnight stroll, but he's still weak so he can't move very fast. This is the furthest from his room that he's managed yet. Nobody knows he's gone, of course. Sam had brought him a PADD for entertainment a few weeks ago, and it was a simple matter of using it to create and implant a subroutine in the bio-bed's programming so it sends normal reading updates (normal for him, anyway) to the computer at the nurses' station instead of alarms. He could have done it when he was nine. That doesn't mean he shouldn't be careful, though. The night staff may have learned that his seemingly never-ending nightmares don't necessarily require their attention, but there is a limit to how much they can ignore and he has no desire to be strapped to his bed at night if they catch him. He freezes as he catches sight of a harried-looking Deltoid in medical scrubs turning into the corridor at a brisk walk from one of the rooms at the end of the section. Where is he again? Adrenaline is causing his blood to thunder in his ears as he quietly slips through the door immediately to his right. He hopes this isn't somewhere creepy like the coma ward or something. The first thing he notices about the room is that it's actually lit – not dark as he expected – when he enters and pulls the door shut behind him with a near-silent click. It's smaller than his own room, but there's only one bio-bed which makes it seem much roomier. The walls are a tan colour, though the floor is the same sterile white linoleum, and the furniture – two end-tables and a dresser – is made of a light-coloured plastic that passes reasonably well for actual wood. He notices these things out of the corner of his eye, mostly a habit by now since he's learned from Tarsus that taking in the whole of his surroundings could actually save his life. But the main focus of attention is quickly kept by the woman lying in the bio-bed, propped up against a pillow and silently reading a book. A real, ink and carbon book. She looks up from it as he enters, startled confusion making her brows draw together only for an instant before the expression clears. "Hello there." She says in Standard, her voice warm and curious. Jim doesn't answer. He shifts backwards a little, his hand still grasping the door handle, and watches as her eyes take in his hollow cheeks and the way his hospital gown hangs on his emaciated frame. She opens her mouth to say something, then closes it again after a moment and gives him a gentle smile instead. She's not particularly stunning, but she's certainly beautiful. Her eyes are large on her delicate face, warm like rich chocolate, and framed by a few wisps of wavy brown hair. Jim finds he can't bring himself to look away, but he doesn't return her smile. "What's your name nu'ri-veh?" He starts at her usage of Vulcan, a tiny ache of sorrow sparking in his chest and growing swiftly into a chasm. It's all he can do to keep a straight face, and from the worried look that she gives him he doesn't think he's entirely successful. "Jim wimish." His can't raise his voice above a whisper but the room is quiet and her surprise makes it evident she's heard him. "Jim? Rom ahm. Dif-tor heh smusma, Jim. Amanda wimish. Ken-tor Vuhlkansu?" "Pi'ken-tor." She smiles at him again, this time wide and very pleased. "It's so nice to hear Vulcan. I've started to miss it a bit." She sounds wistful and Jim has taken two steps towards her before he's realized it. "But you're human." He frowns, studying her closer. "Do you work with Vulcans or something?" She laughs; a surprisingly hearty sound from such a small woman. "In a sense…I live mainly on Vulcan. My husband is Vulcan, and he wished to raise our son there." "Your son is half Vulcan?" She nods, picks up a thin, rectangular piece of stiff, grey cloth and uses it to mark the page in her book before she sets it down beside a vase of flowers on the side table. "There aren't many Human-Vulcan hybrids, of course," she begins, and gives Jim a small smile. He thinks it seems a little sad. "But there are a few hundred or so, scattered here and there. Vulcan is a large planet, and more diverse than many humans seem to think." Jim can't help but think of the Symmetrists who led Kodos' revolution, after the plague had destroyed all of their grain. Sato-obaa had explained to him that the Symmetrists had been originally founded on Vulcan almost a century earlier – that had been why she wasn't afraid. Why she had actually supported the rebellion. Vulcans were pacifists, for the most part, and to believe that everything in the universe was connected surely meant that all life was sacred. How quickly they'd been proven wrong. But he also knew that not all Vulcans believed Symmetrism, just as not all Symmetrists believed that psi-null beings were worthless. Sybok had proven that. Had shown Jim, in those final moments trapped in the chamber, that the individuals could and should not be judged by the group in which they belong. Even though Sybok had been a Symmetrist, the sirshos'im had still sentenced him to death along with the rest of the psi-null and low esper population of Tarsus after he had refused to participate in execution and enforcement of Kodos' vision. Even though Sybok himself was about to die, he saw Jim scrabbling against the drain-holes in the wall and spent his last moments of life using his Vulcan strength to warp the hole just big enough for Jim and Tommy and Kevin to crawl through. Jim knows, from painful experience, that no two beings are the same. That there is diversity even in the most unexpected places. Though he says nothing, when he comes back to himself, Amanda looks at him with such sad eyes that he wants to shy away. He sees no pity there, though, so he fidgets a little in place before meeting her gaze bravely. "Why are you in the hospital? You don't seem very sick." The words pour out of his mouth before he can contain them, and he flinches. She just smiles at him, though, and pats the side of the bio-bed a little, gesturing for him to join her. He hesitates. He's only allowed his mom and Sam, and a kind doctor named Nkiruka come anywhere close to touching him physically. Even though he can't see the viridian Tarsus dust anymore – can't see the mixture of piss and shit and vomit covering the cattle enclosures they'd been herded into and forced to sleep in for days before listening to Kodos' speech…even though he can't see the colonists blood spraying everywhere after being shot with antique bullets for trying to escape, he can feel it all. Caked against his skin with the sickly sweet stench of death and decay burned into his nostrils. Still, he can feel it. And he won't infect anyone else with that filth. Instead, he moves towards the bio-bed slowly and stops just at the edge. He won't let her touch him, but being close wouldn't do her any harm. And if he slowly climbs up onto the bio-bed over the course of that evening, as she talks to him about life on Vulcan and her son – though she hasn't told Jim his name – and all the interesting people she's met at the embassy, then, well, she doesn't say a word about it. And if he falls asleep a while later to the soothing sound of her voice, his fingers clutching tightly to the blanket she's pulled over him, then he doesn't think he can be blamed for that. He wakes up the next morning in his bed, alone. He can't blame Amanda for having him moved back to his room; even if he wasn't filthy as he knew he was, she had told him she was being discharged the next day – that she really shouldn't have even been in the hospital in the first place, but her husband was something of a worry-wart (though he would, apparently, never admit to such a thing). And anyway, he thinks, if his mother were anything like Amanda…if she were as loving and caring…then he can't really blame her son for wanting to see her come home. This logic doesn't stop a deep sense of loss begin to grow in his heart. It disappears, however, after he sees the ink-and-carbon book placed neatly on his bedside table. He smiles – the first time in almost a year that he can remember – and picks it up reverently. The hard cover and spine are cool and smooth against his fingers, the title and author embossed in elegant golden script. He opens to the first page. Dearest Jim, Remember - it is not a sign of weakness to show vulnerability and to cry; rather, it is a sign that you have been strong for too long. I am glad to know that my son lives in a universe with you in it. Dif-tor heh smusma - Amanda Greyson "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us…" I really hope you guys enjoyed this chapter – I know it delves a little bit further from canon than I like, but I thought it might be fitting I guess. Kirk never sees that Amanda is Spock's mother in the movies – never sees her picture or anything – so I thought maybe I might add a little bit of plot to this 5 & 1. The book is A Tale of Two Cities by Charles Dickens...I hope a few die-hard Trekkies will get the reference! Translations (all languages except Vulcan, Klingon and Japanese are made up by me based on the few examples of the language available on the internet…if there are any websites that have a "proper" dictionary for Betazoid, etc, feel free to let me know! I took 4 years of Japanese in high school but it's been a while – and I'm hardly fluent in Vulcan and Klingon – so if I've made any mistakes please point it out so I can fix it.) "Zadi'uun utzai RamLaeer." Nobody can help me. (Betazoid) "TemSooth Betazur?" You speak Betazoid? (Betazoid) "Imyav –" Dear boy – (Betazoid) "bang jIHbe'" I'm not one who is loved." (Klingon) "Sirshos'im" Legendary will-o-the-wisp, a creature that eats the souls of unsuspecting desert travelers (Vulcan) this is what Jim and the children call Kodos' soldiers. "Asahi-chan" Little morning sun (Japanese) "Wakatta?" Do you understand? (informal Japanese) "masupik suk'sov-dan" Wet cyclone (Vulcan) – this name is my homage to the Holocaust. The gas primarily used to kill victims in the death-camps there was called Zyklon-B; Zyklon is German for cyclone. "nu'ri-veh" Young one (Vulcan) "Rom ahm. Dif-tor heh smusma, Jim. Amanda wimish. Ken-tor Vuhlkansu?" That's a good name. Live long and prosper, Jim. My name is Amanda. Do you understand Vulcan? (Vulcan) "Pi'ken-tor" I understand a little (Vulcan) If I've missed anything, please let me know!
A/N: Newly refurbished Chapter 4! Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own Star Trek or any of the characters (though the OC's are mine) and I don't make any money off of writing! Star Trek is owned by Gene Roddenberry and Paramount Pictures, etc. Warnings (important!): This will eventually be SLASH (Kirk/Spock), set in the Reboot/XI universe. This chapter contains angst (LIKE WOAH), graphic depictions of (canonical) genocide, violence, and terrible, horrible things. Also inter-species boy kissing, which I don't think is horrible at all but recognize that some people might. There will be no mentions of sexual abuse in this story, except for my own raping of alien languages, translated at the end. If any of this offends you, or is a trigger or something, please be warned. I tried to keep everything PG-13. This story is un-beta'd. Flames will be shared with friends for a laugh at your expense! Universal Constants (Or, Five People Who Left Jim Kirk and One Who Didn't) 2 Jim doesn't know what to expect coming home from the hospital, but the reality isn't at all like he had imagined. Sam is the one to drive him to the achingly familiar farmhouse down the dusty old lane of his childhood. Everything feels surreal - a dream. Or perhaps a nightmare. Jim can't tell the difference these days. The sun shines clear and bright but the air blusters crisp and cool. Sam's rusty pickup bumps and rattles as he skilfully navigates the pockmarked drive. Neither speaks. They come to a crunching halt and the rumbling engine dies at a slight angle away from the side porch, as if the car were a frightened animal ready to flee at a moment's notice. Not unlike Jim. He is keenly aware of every sound: the huffing of the wind against the car; the jingle of keys; the creak of rusty seat springs under old leather as his brother shifts, uncomfortable or unsure, hands still clutching the steering wheel tightly. Neither moves for a few minutes until finally Sam lets out a heavy sigh. "Frank is still here." "What, move out and give up Winona's monthly credit deposit? Actually having to work to feed his raging alcoholism? No fucking shocker there." Through the corner of his eye Jim can see his brother suppress a smirk, amusement crinkling the corners of his eyes. After a moment he sobers. "I tried to get Winona to let you come stay with me, but…and since you're still just 17…" Jim is silent. It's not like he's surprised. That Winona might actually give a shit about his feelings or welfare was an idea he gave up years ago. "But I was thinking – Aurelian just got this cushy research job in San Diego, which isn't super far, and your birthday is only 9 months off, so you could come stay with us after that? And if Frank is being a particular shit you know you're always welcome – the shuttle from De Moines is only a few hours." "Thanks, Sammie. I'll think about it." Sam hesitates. It's unlike him, and instantly Jim tenses, suspicious. "Do you...I could come stay with you guys for a bit." Rage bursts within Jim's chest and his head jerks to face Sam. His face burns, flushing in anger. "I'm not a fucking baby!" He snaps. A pained look crosses Sam's face. "I just don't want you to have to be alone with Frank -" "Fuck Frank – I can take care of my fucking self!" "I never said you couldn't." The tense silence thickens the air around them and Jim clenches his fists, pressing them against his thighs and turning to face the house. His voice, when he speaks, comes out strangely muted. "You can't leave Aurelian by herself with Peter and a new job because of me. " "Jim-" "No, Sam. Don't be...you can't leave them. You can't be like..." After a choking silence, Jim huffs out a frustrated sigh, barely managing to stop himself from pounding his fist against the passenger window. He turns towards his brother slowly, stubborn resolve tensing his features. "Don't worry about me, Sam. I'll be fine. Not like Frank can really do shit to me now. Before…" he trails off, unwilling to put up with the pitying, guilty looks he always gets whenever Tarsus is mentioned in conversations with his brother. "Really, I'll be fine. I always am." He wonders briefly who he's trying to convince. "Shit!" Jim laughs. He can't help it, really, and wonders if it makes him a terrible person, but can't find it in himself to care. Not for Frank. "The fuck you laugh in' at you lil shit?!" Frank snarls, dropping the beaker which shatters all over the floor at his feet and grasping the wrist of his rapidly blistering hand tightly as if this will block the pain. Splashes of lye are soaking through Frank's coveralls and will probably start to burn his legs soon, but Jim isn't going to tell him so. Bastard can suffer for a few minutes until he gets the dermal regenerator from the bathroom. Fuck if Jim will help. Jim listens to him crashing through the house and another shout of pain and takes a moment to sneer at the state of the kitchen. Stacks of buckets and plastic storage containers, yards of rubber tubing, a dozen blenders, boxes of coffee filters, ice chests in every size and colour, gas cans, economy size bags of fertilizer and cat litter, huge containers of lye and different kinds of acids, endless laboratory beakers and measuring cups, funnels and clamps litter the floor surrounded by stacks and stacks of rotting towels and musty bed sheets. The counters are no better - filled to the brim with industrial size bottles of acetone, isopropyl, and at least four dozen bottles of cold medicines, boxes overflowing with batteries and road flares, and huge bags of rock salt and iodine crystals. Jim isn't quite sure how or why Frank decided having a meth lab in the kitchen was a good idea, but if he's honest with himself – and he usually always is - Frank has never been known for his good ideas. He hears a huge crash from the bathroom, then the high-pitched whine of the old dermal regenerator charging for use. Carefully picking his way through the debris, Jim makes his way to the kitchen door and slams it behind him. School is hardly the refuge from Frank that it once was. More often than not, Jim doesn't bother to attend. The teachers don't care either way. Both Jim and the school district know that there isn't much of anything in the shitty curriculum they can teach him that he doesn't know already, and his teachers know better than to try and get Frank or Winona to care. And it's not like he has any friends left in Riverside. On the days he does show up he is surrounded by obvious whispers and pointing, which got old and tired and irritating long before reappearing in Riverside, Iowa. At the beginning of the school year he made a point to hack into the school's registration files and put himself in all of Will's classes; he finds a kind of sick satisfaction in seeing the look of horror, guilt and shame that always glues itself to his face whenever their paths cross. When he's particularly bored or irritable, he goes out of his way to pop up when Will least expects it outside of classes: in the arms of his cheerleader girlfriend whom Jim doesn't recognize, or when he's playing hackey-sack with his chess club friends in the wagon wheel. By far, though, the best is in the locker rooms after football practice, where he always waits to nab a locker next to Will just so he can make him see the physical scars of Tarsus. Jim never actually sees him outright looking like most of the other kids, but from the way his face always looks a bit sick as he hurries into his boxers, Jim knows he's seen them. The cuts and scrapes from hiding in trees and under inedible scrub brush; the angry red gashes from when he was caught by Hank and Atlas and a few other kids who had been in his class as they tried to drag him to the sirshos'im for a handful of extra sweets; the time a bullet grazed his shoulder on the day Oziξas was killed; the vicious belting he received after getting caught stealing a handful of peas from a group of adults that had escaped the masupik suk'sov-dan… Jim never actually says anything to Will - just looks at him, expressionless. Watches his face crumple underneath the weight of the knowledge that his actions had such dire consequences. Not that Jim actually blames him for what happened on Tarsus. He's not stupid. He knows the fault lies only with Kodos and the Symmetrists. What he does blame him for is the conscious betrayal of his trust. He will never forgive him for destroying their relationship - their friendship. He will never forget how spectacularly Will exited his life. The one good thing that comes from being surrounded by the knowledge of his absent mother and brother (though the latter, he must admit, can't be helped), a meth-addicted, abusive step-father, the apathetic teachers and the obnoxious, narrow-sighted students of Riverside High, Jim thinks, is the realization that you can't really trust anyone at all besides yourself to look out for your best interests. Authority will always let you down. Friends will always betray you. As much as he was insistent that Sam not leave Aurelian and Peter, a miniscule part of him wished that Sam had completely ignored him and stayed anyway. Hell, at least fought Winona for custody – something to help him out of this situation. He won't make the mistake of trusting again if he can help it. There is only so much amusement gleaned from torturing Will, so instead of school Jim finds other ways to occupy his time. Sometimes he grabs some of Frank's booze and heads to the old quarry, just sitting and drinking. Watching the fields of strong, healthy grain in the distance ripple in the wind like the sea. Others he wakes up early to catch the commuter shuttle bus to Cedar Rapids or Des Moines where he swipes lunch from a random corner store and wanders through the crowds, observing. On these days he likes to stay out until the wee hours of the morning, sneaking into random clubs and picking vicious fights or willing bed partners for the night. Quick, meaningless fucks in begrimed bathrooms and alleys and endless black eyes that remind him just how filthy he is: still concealed in the endless Tarsus dust. Most of the time, however, he replicates himself a cold sandwich and wanders over to the ruins of the old Riverside Library. The building rests about two miles away from the farmhouse on the outskirts of town. It was abandoned by the city before Jim was born after funding for the preservation for ink and carbon books disappeared and has been untouched for decades except a few local kids and squatters who use the rotting wooden tables and chairs as kindling for fire. Though dilapidated and crumbling, the library still houses a decent collection of antique tomes squirrelled away and a number of ancient computers great for tinkering on. Jim loves the feeling of the books especially. The feeling of the smooth pages covered in old languages that most people don't bother to learn - English, Spanish, French - almost completely replaced by Common. He is glad that he knows some of them... that these words will live on in the pages of these books and their original messages will be understood by someone, at least. Classics in particular seem to reach out to him; the elegance and mysteries of Conan Doyle, the dark romance of Cervantes, the frantic paranoia of Heller and Vonnegut, the macabre realities of Palahnuik and Dostoyevsky, and the fantastic intelligence of Darwin and Hawking. Jim wonders if people realize just how recycled the modern stories they enjoy really are - if people really understand that the entertainment they consume is more often than not just a poorly done copy of a million other copies of the same ancient story. For a while he wonders if his experiences mean he is the hero of a thousand faces in his very own variation of the monomyth, but eventually rejects this hypothesis. There are no supernatural wonders in his life. He is no flawless hero. It's the arguing that wakes him up. Loud, angry voices echoing off the creaky wooden walls and up the stairs and underneath the gap between the floor his locked door at the threshold of his bedroom. He isn't home often these days – choosing to crash mostly on park benches or the library or in the beds of one-night stands. Sometimes he's got a job and he can sneak into break rooms and kitchens and back rooms after closing. Anything is better than here, and after Sam and Aurelian and Peter were forced to move to Deneva for Aurelian's job crushing any semblance of hope Jim ever had for some kind of fucking stability after graduation he doesn't have many options left. (Not that he would ever blame Sam for his situation – his brother's pleading for Jim to join them was tempting, but he knows Sam doesn't need to have him leeching off of his family for the rest of his life. And besides, all Jim would ever bring is trouble and he cares too much about Sam and his family and his happiness to put that on him. At least one of them has their fucking shit together.) What surprises Jim most about the shouting downstairs is that one of the voices is clearly Winona. Curious, he tries to focus on their words. He wonders when she got here and why she's even bothered. "-can't have a fucking meth lab-" " The fuck I can't! It's none of your goddamn buisn-" "-what if something happens?! Jim is-" " Like you actually give a shit 'bout that worthless fucking freak! Least he could do is get a fucking stable job and make some fucking credits, not getting fucking arrested every goddamn week or running around town fucking everything with legs and even some witho-" "Not the fucking point, Frank! This is my house, my reputation in Starfleet-" Jim shivers, tuning out the unsurprising but still unwelcome reminder of Winona's priorities. His room is chilly and dark. Winter has mostly retreated from the encroaching spring bringing warmer weather, but it still gets pretty cold at night and the window is open a crack. A soft breeze makes the broken window shutter knock softly against the side of the house. The moon, partially covered by low clouds and blocked by the thick branches of the budding oak on the side of the house, oozes across the dusty wooden floorboards and illuminates the cluttered wooden desk on the far side of the room. He sighs and tosses his patchwork quilt to the side, exposing his chest and legs and the stained fabric of the mattress beneath him to the cold. It seems to surround him like water, sucking all the warmth from beneath his bare skin. All of the sheets in the house are long gone – sacrificed to Frank's meth-making enterprise. He has to get out of there. After throwing on his clothes from yesterday, heaped in a pile at the side of his bed, he grabs his wallet and a worn jacket from the back of his chair and relieves a worn backpack stashed behind his dresser of a handful of dehydrated protein packs and a bottle of water that he shoves in his pockets. Two glass jars of cheap moonshine clink against a scratched and worn PADD at the bottom as he slides it back into place. He opens the window, brute strength overpowering the moaning resistance of the wood panes scraping against their damaged frame, and in less than a minute he falls to the gravel driveway from a low tree branch with a crunch. Jim can see that Winona has brought a Starfleet car – a white, sterile monstrosity with dark tinted windows and special blue plates. He wonders how long she plans to stay this time. He considers taking his motorcycle – his dad's motorcycle – but decides against it. The walk to Shipyard Bar near the Starfleet shipyard and base is a long one, but Jim relishes in the apparent solitude. He looks up as he trudges along, naming stars and constellations and the planets in the star systems visible to the naked eye and knows that he is not truly alone. Never is and never will be, despite the lies the atmosphere tries to tell him when the light of the sun blocks the universe from the sky. After half an hour or so, the inky blackness is interrupted by a flickering neon sign and an old-fashioned windmill covered in lights announcing the bar up ahead. It is an insignificant speck in the grand scheme of the universe, Jim thinks, drowning under the weight of the stars above it. But he is also insignificant, so perhaps it's fitting. As he draws closer he can hear the pounding flood of music through the door, propped open to alleviate some of the heat generated by the mass collection of bodies shouting, drinking and finding entertainment. The bar itself is a ramshackle wooden affair of two stories, probably a converted 21st century farmhouse if he isn't mistaken. As he steps through the door he notices that the inside certainly reminds him of a permanent house-party with its throngs of Starfleet ensigns and gaggles of aliens and the occasional townie clutching their booze as they crowd into the stuccoed white rooms covered in old paintings and posters and Starfleet recruitment posters. The bar is mostly full, but he manages to slip into a seat towards the centre and orders his usual. Roman, his current favourite bartender, is new enough not to have realized that Jim almost always means a troublesome night and yet not so new as to be unable to recognize him when he comes in. Three drinks in and Jim is feeling pretty good. Well, better than a few hours ago at any rate, and catching eye of the gorgeous Starfleet cadet with infinite legs who is striding towards the bar he thinks maybe he'll be feeling even better soon. Jim observes her as she orders – cladmium fire tea, bud classics, Cardassian sunrises…blah blah blah "That's a lotta drinks for one woman." He leans forward so he can catch her eye past the alien sitting between them. She looks at him but doesn't answer. Not even a hint of a smile on her face. He wonders how he must look to her – some fucking Iowan farmboy nobody getting trashed alone at a bar. "And a shot of Jack, straight up." "Make that two, her shot's on me." "Her shot's on her – thanks but no thanks." There it is, a hint of a smile. Despite the apology, Jim can't quite tell if she's trying to let him down politely or if she's condescending. He thinks maybe it's a mixture of both. "Don't you wanna at least know my name before you completely reject me?" She rolls her eyes and smirks. "I'm fine without it." "You are fine without it." He should probably fucking stop now, but Jim has never been good at taking hints even when he recognizes them. "It's Jim – Jim Kirk." She doesn't answer, staring intently at the bar. He sighs a little, playfully. "If you don't tell me your name, I'm gonna have to make one up." And there it is. A smile at last, even if it's a bit exasperated. "It's Uhura." "Uhura! No way! That's the name I was gonna make up for ya! Uhura what?" "Just Uhura." "They don't have any last names in your world?" "Uhura is my last name." He should have known she'd be one of those strong, rigid military types. "Then they don't have, uh, first names in your world?" She shakes her head with a genuine full-blown smile and Jim grabs his drink, smoothly moving around the alien to Uhura's other side and leans against the bar. "So, you're a cadet, you're studying, what's your focus?" "Xenolinguistics." Jim's heart aches. "You have no idea what that means." "Study of alien languages, morphology, phonology, syntax." He couldn't forget if he tried. "Means you've got a talented tongue." No, he won't think about that now. Her flirty look is enough to help distract him. "I'm impressed – for a moment there I thought you were just a dumb hick who only has sex with farm animals." "Well…not only." Jim relishes in this moment, listening to her laugh. Knowing she's a fucking Starfleet cadet, and a gorgeous and obviously popular one to boot, perhaps he should have expected what happens next. By the time Jim makes his way home he is more than a little drunk, and wonders if the reason his face is numb is because of the alcohol or if he's broken something. Probably the latter. The warm inky sky is starting to cool to a deep, dark blue, and he can barely make out the shadows of shifting wheat and corn swaying in the wind around him. The dirt path he takes back to the farmhouse lays hidden among endless fields. It's a bit longer than the main road he took last night, but he's almost glad. The fresh air will help him sober up a bit, hopefully, just in case Winona is still there. And he has a lot to think about. Fucking Christopher Pike. He stumbles a few times, tripping over potholes and random stones, but doesn't fall until he's almost there. A huge bang from the direction of the house perforates the night, causing the birds in the field to scatter in a cacophony of frightened cries and startles him so much he lurches backwards, throwing out his hand to catch himself before his head hits the ground and gives him his second black eye for the night. He winces but makes no noise besides the crunch of gravel under his arms as he scrambles to stand. Looking up over the tops of the fields he notices a thick plume of dark smoke rising steadily into the sky followed quickly by the acrid stench of burning. Fear and adrenaline replaces the feeling of restlessness and intoxication and Jim feels a cold sweat form on his brow as he charges forward towards the farmhouse. His father's home. His home. It doesn't take very long; only a hundred yards or so and he breaks through the row of corn on the edge of the yard and stops. His breath catches in his chest. Winona's car is gone from the drive, but Jim can see Frank's mustang parked through the open door of the garage, partially blocking his motorcycle from view. No Frank in sight. An explosion of rolling fire expands outwards through the kitchen window-frame eating the fresh oxygen and causes the glass in the dining room windows to burst. A huge wave of heat to pours over his skin and he squints away from it, shielding his face and listening to the deep crackles and pops as the wooden structure is consumed. "Fucking Frank." he whispers, throat raw from drinking and the harsh smoke. The house is on fire and Frank is probably inside. He stumbles to the garage to grab his motorcycle before the barn catches too, focusing on the crunch of its wheels on the drive to block out the roar of the fire and the groans of the wooden support beams struggling to stay in place as they are eaten clean through. He hadn't realized until this very moment how much he felt tied to this place. But now, there's nothing left. He stands and watches it burn.
A/N: Hey guys – long time no see, eh? A bit of a short chapter, but the next chapter should more than make up for it. For first time readers, hi, welcome. Be warned I am probably one of the most unreliable updaters ever. However! I will never, ever abandon this story unless I actually die, so… IMPORTANT! For returning readers, I have completely re-vamped the story. It might be best to take a bit to re-read previous chapters. Disclaimer: I do not own Star Trek. If I did, I would be called Gene Roddenberry or Paramount Pictures. And I'm not. And thank the universe, because if I'd had to learn how to spell Paramount in grade 1 I probably would have died from frustration. Warnings: This will eventually be SLASH (Kirk/Spock), set in the Reboot/XI universe. In this chapter there is canonical character death. Also, I have probably completely butchered science, so I am very sorry! Damnit guys, I'm a historian, not a chemist. Flames will be shared with my friends for a laugh at your expense. This is un-beta'd! Universal Constants (Or, Five People Who Left Jim Kirk and One Who Didn't) 1 Jim loves space. It isn't so much the atmosphere of space that speaks to him, though he finds the blazing path of the stars hypnotic. No – it's more about… seeking out, discovering, and understanding the unknown. It's about how he feels towards the crew. Towards the ship. They are home for him. He'd been a bit worried about it, at first; before joining Starfleet, his previous experiences off-world haven't always been positive (to put it mildly). Even now, after all the shit that he's been through since the destruction of Vulcan – all the crazy motherfuckers they've met trying to destroy them, Earth, the universe, etc. – he doesn't regret taking Pike up on his dare. He definitely doesn't regret turning down the Vice Admiralship to be able to stay in space. He sits in his favourite seat in his quarters, next to the window watching the stars breeze past, and imagines ancient ship captains felt the same about the sea. The freedoms. The possibilities. The excitement of the potential for anything to happen just around the corner, even with a distinct heading in mind. His quarters have changed a bit with the rebuilding of the Enterprise. They're bigger than before (especially his bed, which he isn't sure was installed because they really think he needed something bigger or if it's some kind of unspoken witticism in response to his rumoured sexual prowess, but either way he isn't going to complain). And while his old quarters had no window, his current space holds two – a large bay window abuts the walnut desk where he now sits, and a smaller one rests just above his new and improved bed. The change in furniture is his favourite upgrade; the bed, sofa, and chairs are much more comfortable than before, outfitted in dark reds that complement the cream colour of the walls. Despite living here uninterrupted for the past 2 years, there are very few personal effects scattered around. A 3-Dimensional chess set rests on top of the ledge-slash-bookshelf that separates the sleeping area from the common room; a small, decorated wooden box full of protein packs hides behind it, as well as a couple of ink-and-carbon books, his prized copy of A Tale of Two Cities taking centre stage among them, scattered on different shelves. The door chimes, the soft whine echoing though the silent room. "Come in." He turns to watch the doors hiss open and can't help the soft smile that spreads across his face accompanying the warmth in his chest. "What can I do for you, Spock?" "Captain. I have just completed my paperwork for the evening, and wished to inquire as to whether or not you would be amenable to a game of chess?" "I dunno how many times I have to tell you, Spock, off-duty it's just Jim. And sure, chess sounds great. Come on in." He gestures towards the chair opposite, then leans back to grab the chess set. Jim often thinks that, if he has to pick the most important change in his life since joining Starfleet, it would be his friendship with Spock. They had a rocky relationship in the beginning, of course, but after a while it became much easier – once Jim had learned how to interact with him in a way that wouldn't ruffle his feathers. He's honestly shocked that they've managed to become as close as they have after all of Jim's comments on the bridge and Spock's subsequent attempt to kill him. Jim still feels guilty about the incident. Even though he knows Spock has forgiven him, he can't let go of his guilt. Can't let go because he really had wanted an answer – what is it like not to feel anger, or heartbreak? Jim desperately wants to know. He's had enough to last a lifetime. But he also knows that Spock, whose emotions run incredibly deep – possibly even deeper than his own – could never tell him. "Black or white?" Jim asks as Spock turns away from the replicator with two steaming mugs. The feeling in his chest grows at the knowledge that Spock feels comfortable enough with him, in his quarters, that he doesn't feel the need to ask permission to make himself feel at home. "As I took white in our previous match, I believe black would be appropriate." His voice is low and smooth and holds a warmth to it that makes Jim's traitorous stomach flutter. He's changed from his uniform before coming into something more traditionally Vulcan – a kind of turtleneck under a thick sweater made of some kind of wool – and Jim can't help but think he prefers this Spock, a more casual, intimate Spock, over the cool professionalism he shows on the bridge. "Sure." If Jim is honest with himself – and he almost always is – it's more than just friendship he feels for Spock. But he also knows that their relationship is much too important to fuck up with all of Jim's…feelings. It's not easy, especially now that Spock and Uhura have parted ways. Jim has never been the sort of person to stop himself from going for what he wants, but this…this is different, somehow. Important. Too important to take lightly. That doesn't mean he doesn't want to, though. Jim sighs and moves his pawn. If there's one thing that Jim absolutely can't stand, it's the sick, panicked feeling roiling in his gut. "What do you mean there's no answer? Try it again, lieutenant – GSK-783 subspace frequency 3. G, not V!" "I'm telling you, captain, there's no answer! If – "Captain, a ship's just left orbit – but it's…sir, it's heading directly into the sun." It takes a beat before Jim can fully process that statement. "They want to fucking kill themselves?" What? Why? What… "Sulu, plot an intercept course, Warp 8. Uhura, hail them." "Course plotted, sir." "Hailing frequencies open." "This is Captain James Kirk from the Federation Starship Enterprise. Vessel, do you require assistance?" The bridge is silent. Bewilderment is a common feeling for Jim nowadays; after the launch of the rebuilt Enterprise he's experienced some pretty weird shit in space, but it's not usually coupled with panic. He turns desperately towards the science station. Spock. He needs something, anything, to centre himself before he loses it completely. Spock meets his gaze steadily, vaulted eyebrows slightly bunched together in confusion as he comprehends the scan read-out while trying to determine the look on Jim's face. "Captain." His voice is low and steady, smooth, and washes over Jim like small waves over rough sand. Jim takes a breath. "The ship is a single-man vessel. It does not seem to be out of control – on the contrary I believe they have purposefully plotted their course." Jim clenches his hands around the arms of the command chair, his lips pressed thin. "Scotty, can you reach them with the tractor beam?" "No – sorry Captain, but it's out o' range." Jim grimaces. "Vessel, I repeat – this is Captain James Kirk from the Federation Starship Enterprise. Please, reverse your course or shut down your engines, or you'll fly straight into the sun. If you need help, we have transporters on-board…" Silence. "Captain, we need teh slow down. We cannae get too much closer a' these temperatures." "How much longer until intercept, Mr Sulu?" "About four minutes. Not enough time to reach them." A crackle of static silences the bridge. "I did it…They're gone – they're finally gone! I'm free!" Jim feels a momentary pang of guilt when relief washes over him as he doesn't recognize the manic voice through the hail. He knows he's being ridiculous. There are thousands of people on Deneva. The odds that this one might be… "Free! Free!" the man's laughter chills him to the bone. "Captain, hull temperatures currently at 3,247.38 degrees and rising. We must cease our attempts to intercept." Jim can hear the steadiness in Spock's voice and it grounds him against the continuing frenzied laughter in the background. "Mr Sulu, drop out of warp. Reverse course back to Deneva, 180 degrees about." "Yes, sir." "Free of what?" Jim murmurs, mostly to himself, as laughter begins to crackle and fade from radiation interference until there is finally silence. He watches, eyes fixated on the vid screen, as the ship disappears into the depths of the sun. "Captain." Jim is sure this isn't happening. It can't be happening. Not now, here, in this place. "Captain Kirk." Jim doesn't lie to himself. But this – this can't be real. Somehow his brain must be lying to him. The soft material clenched in his hands isn't really there. This body isn't…This isn't really happening. He can't be… There's a heavy hand pressing down on his shoulder but he can't tear his eyes away. "Spock get them outta here!" "Ensign Xi, Ensign Tozoth, bring the surviving woman to Enterprise sick-bay. Ensign Hammond, Ensign Jag, search the rest of the compound for survivors. Phasers set to stun only." "Yes, Commander." He is only slightly aware of footsteps receding into the background, boots near silent on the soft green carpet. "Jim." Jim has always hated this carpet. Had complained once to Sam and Aurelian over a measure of scotch as they sat together on the low, suede sofa in the corner that it was the colour of new-born baby shit. Sam had sputtered and come to its defence ("It does not! It's moss green, idiot – are you colour-blind or something? We picked it out especially because of the colour!"), while Aurelian had just laughed. How long ago was that? Five months? Four? To Jim, at the time, it symbolized the epitome of everything he never had, and thought he never wanted until that moment: stability, family…home. But now…now… "Capta-" "Spock, let 'im alone." "Doctor, I fail to understand – " "I'm pretty sure that's his brother. Give'm a goddamn minute." Jim unclenches his fist from where he had been gripping Sam's shirt and lets himself slowly sink into the carpet from his previous hunched crouch. He wonders, for the millionth time in the past few minutes, whether this is really happening. "Y-yeah." Jim can't keep his voice steady. "It's…" He can't finish that sentence. Won't. Sam is the only family he has left. Maybe the only family he had to begin with. When Jim was little, Sam had always been his protector. Not in the traditional sense. He didn't get into fights with other kids or stand up to bullies for Jim, though that was more to do with the fact that Jim didn't get bullied enough for this to be necessary. Everyone in Riverside knew that you don't fuck with Jim and he won't fuck with you. Jim was wild. Intelligent. Angry. But Sam was a buffer between Jim and the world. A calming influence. Even when Frank was at his worst before Tarsus – and even after Tarsus – Sam was always there to try and stop Jim from completely waging war on the universe. Maybe, Jim sometimes thinks during moments of self-doubt, the reason for Sam's endless supply of patience and love is solely because they are brothers. Obligation via blood. But even in his darkest moments this explanation always makes him sceptical. He can't shake the feeling that Sam is the only being in the universe who loves him wholly and unconditionally – not despite of who he is but because of who he is. Not because they are siblings but in spite of their relation to one another. It isn't something they've ever really discussed, and that upsets Jim now more than he thinks he can bear. He takes a long, choking breath in then exhales. Then another. He's suddenly hyper aware of Bones' long, thin fingers digging into his clavicle – like a failed Vulcan nerve pinch. His nostrils flair. The ugly carpet is blurring into everything around him. "Lieutenant." A beat follows before the soothing calm of Spock's voice washes over him. "Captain?" "I'm afraid that I…I'm emotionally…I can't…please…" A longer pause this time. "I will relieve you of duty, Captain. Jim." Hearing Spock whisper his name in this instance is a simple act of…something. Kindness, or acknowledgement of some kind of relationship in general beyond that of captain and subordinate. It's all he needs to remind himself that no matter how difficult it is, he still has at least one more person he can turn to. "Thank you." His voice sounds hoarse and muffled. Jim clutches again to Sam's shirt, lowering his head to press against the side of his brother's chest. His heart lodged in his throat, he desperately wishes for some sign of life. An inhale. A heartbeat. Anything. Nothing comes. Aurelian is dead. So is Peter. Whatever it was that killed Sam killed them, too. Perhaps it's cold, but Jim finds he doesn't care as much about their being gone. They didn't play a major role in his life – not like Sam. He never depended on them, never turned to them for help or comfort. He's sad for their passing, but the emotions that are pressing down on him, choking him, suffocating him…they are only really for Sam. It's been four days since he was escorted back from the surface of Deneva by Bones. Four days of picking fights with Bones, drinking imitation chech'tluth he programmed into the replicators from memory, picking fights with various inanimate objects in his quarters, and trying desperately not to think too much about the feeling of Sam's cold, stiff face pressed between his hands… Sitting in his favourite seat in his quarters, Jim throws back another shot. The alcohol burns his tongue and throat, steam pouring from his nostrils as he exhales sharply through the pain. The door chimes. "Come in." There can only be two people looking for him now, temporarily relieved of duty and incapacitated by booze and grief: Bones coming to try and lecture him out of his state of drunken anger and melancholy, and… "Jim." Jim sighs outwardly in relief but doesn't smile. Doesn't even turn towards the door. "Hey, Spock. You get roped inna tryin'a deal with me, now?" His tongue feels thick and wet in his throat. Maybe he'll choke on it and die. Wouldn't that make everything so fucking simple? Spock gives no answer, but Jim can hear the smart click of his boots against the synthesized wood floor as he strides forward, stopping only when Spock drags out the chair directly beside him and smoothly sits down. The empty tumbler is lifted gently from between Jim's fingers and set back on the table. "Hey, 'm no-" "I have been informed by Lieutenant Scott…" Spock begins, forcing Jim to turn his head to look over at his companion. He has a strange look on his face – one that Jim can't really recognize – and Jim is completely thrown off-kilter when he sees him reach for the clear bottle of chech'tluth and pour himself a glass in Jim's tumbler. "…that in instances such as this, after the loss of a loved one, it is sometimes customary for humans to partake in commiserative drinking rituals." He knocks the glass back in one mouthful. Jim's eyes widen, but Spock maintains a steady gaze forward. "Spock, what-" "It is unfortunate that Vulcans may never partake in this type of ritual bonding exercise. A differentiating aspect of Vulcan biology is that ethanol is broken down into acetaldehyde at 3.479 times the rate in the Vulcan blood system as in humans' – much too quickly for it to disseminate in the blood stream and reach the brain." He stops, clearly calculating his next move, then fills the tumbler again and pushes it towards Jim. The glass makes a low, rushing noise as it moves against the table and Jim finds his body acting on reflex as he hesitantly reaches to take it. Their fingertips brush together gently causing electricity to jolt through up his arm, but the feeling is gone in an instant – just like Spock's hand – and Jim slowly brings the liquid to his lips, swallowing it in two gulps, with the most ridiculous stirring in his belly that he's fairly positive has nothing to do with the strength of the alcohol. He returns the empty glass to Spock, still staring. "Secondly, even if ethanol were able to build up in our bloodstream to the necessary degree, Vulcan neural receptor proteins cannot be activated by C2H5OH. This renders Vulcans incapable of feeling the deleterious effects of imbibing alcoholic beverages." He pauses again to pour himself another drink and downs it in one swift movement, exhaling sharply with smoke pouring from his nostrils though his face is stonier and seemingly more emotionless than ever. He turns to face Jim, then. The pure, raw emotion in his dark eyes shocks Jim breathless. "It is fortunate, then, that I am only half Vulcan." "Spock, you don't –" "Jim. Since the destruction of my planet and the death of my mother, you have become…the most important being in my life. Our relationship may have been antagonistic in the beginning, but these past few years it has become readily apparent that, without you, I am…I would be lost. I understand that I am not obligated to become intoxicated but I…wish to…I want to help you and if that means partaking in…" He pauses, blinking slowly, his eyebrows furrowing. "Jim, is it customary for one to feel so…fuzzy… when imbibing alcohol?" Jim can't help but smile. And isn't that so like Spock, Jim thinks – to approach such a situation and unwittingly help just by being himself? Perhaps, Jim realizes suddenly, everything really is going to be alright. It might take weeks, or months, or maybe even years but…really, it's going to be alright.
