And She Shall Be Called Sanaa Nyota unwrapped her hair and looked at it in its shoulder length bob... maybe she wanted to be certain to put it up, just in case this day got hectic and she did not intend on having hair all over her neck while she was swollen and pregnant. That could get quite frustrating, extremely quickly. Styik, as though reading her mind, uttered, "Put it up." She nodded and agreed. A delicate bun in the back of her head was what she decided on. She looked at the black Starfleet Academy uniform that she wore and how it hugged her baby bump. Instead of being surprised by the arrival of Sanaa, their daughter to be, as they had been with their son, Sytar, Nyota decided that she would get off of the ship at seven months into her pregnancy and get settled in on Earth. Her eldest son, an adopted half-Romulan half Vulcan, Styik and her firstborn, Sytar were both with her, but Spock remained on the ship for a time longer. The break helped a little. Nyota Uhura missed her husband so much that she dared him to try to be anywhere but their bedroom for the first entire day that he would be back... which should be some time this evening. Styik frequently traveled the hallways of Starfleet Academy, taking in lessons from the minds of the most prolific teachers in the building, while his mother was at work. One could never have too much knowledge, after all. Sytar spent days being an adorable, but somewhat mischievous toddler – generally in the eleven year old, Styik's care, but occasionally being sent to a sitter, if Styik had an unplanned exam or an emergency lecture to catch on his comm, and Nyota was still working. She took the two months that she had been on Earth to teach Advanced Xenolinguistics and training to be the Supervisor of Alien Languages Studies – a position that she would not begin to work in until after the birth of her child and her return to work following the inevitable leave of absence. Spock would be the Chief Advisor in the Department of Scientific Studies and returning to his old playground of programming the Kobayashi Maru. Nyota was excited at the thought of being involved in that program, again. Although it once caused much stress between she and Spock, he now was disciplined enough and centered enough to where he would not require the tight-fisted regimen that he formally followed in order to do the job. Nyota smiled at her reflection and said, "Well, I sincerely hope that my last day of work isn't the worst." "Even if it turns out to be, Father will return to us, tonight. The evening will be one to celebrate. I have already obtained the ingredients for our first dinner as a family and I intend to help you prepare, as well," Styik replied. "Me too!" Sytar volunteered. She smiled at her boys, loving them so much, but being extremely eager to meet their sister, as well. Hopefully, the girl would come when she was supposed to. From conception, almost, Sanaa had been quite disagreeable. Nyota was sick nearly every single day and today would have been no different, had she not been on a strict vitamin circulation that helped to nourish and calm the fetus... but she still would wait until Nyota slipped into the deepest and most rewarding sleep to begin to kick and punch everything within her reach – the girl liked to beat the hell out of her mother's womb and only at times when Nyota needed it the least. Without Spock there to calm her, she would sometimes tough it out, not wanting to wake her preteen son and beg him to try to reach out to his sister for some peace. She wanted Nyota to eat all of the cookies, cakes, donuts, pie, ice cream, confections, candy, and sugar that she could think up and when Nyota was done – she would not only feel restless and wired up, but sick and nauseous. However, when she tried to eat regular food and healthy things, the baby immediately rejected them. What kind of girl would this child be? Nyota was interested in knowing, but more eager to just get her out of there so that the bodily troubles could cease. Spock worked as though this day were no different than any other. Most of his shipmates were having emotional reactions to the fact that he would be leaving the ship, again, for a year; but many expressed their happiness that he would be reunited with his family. While it was not within his nature to discuss such matters, there was nothing that Spock looked forward to more than connecting with his children, and being with his wife again. Captain Kirk kept looking at him with a sad smile. Spock had already explained that unless in the event of one of their deaths in the duration of the next year, they would be seeing each other again within at least that span of time – possibly sooner in the event of a special mission that he would have to be recruited for or one that would entail Kirk coming to Starfleet. Kirk would not press the issue of missing his dear friend. The last time Spock and Uhura were off of the ship, Kirk missed both of them every day. Hawkins, bless him was a good communications officer, but he was no Lt. Uhura and no one was any type of officer such as Spock. He supposed that he would be spending ample time with Bones for the next year, if he got bored. Which, he knew that he would. He didn't like to bother him too much and take away from the time that Bones and Rand would want to spend together, but he would need SOME form of entertainment, other than sexual encounters with alien females, since he couldn't just go around the ship hooking up with his crew members. "We are now in orbit," Lt. Sulu announced. Kirk sighed and stood up from his chair as Spock wrapped up a few things on his console and allowed the science officer waiting to take his place to step in. Kirk and Spock made their way to the turbo lift and rode in silence. Nyota was there, leaning against Scotty's work desk, laughing and talking with him. Spock paused upon seeing her in person. She had rounded out more and her skin was bright and shiny. She froze when she saw them and rushed to hug Kirk and to touch Spock's arm and say, "You have been missed, Mr. Spock."She held out two of her fingers to him and he met them, with controlled pleasure. You are in for the night of your life, as soon as I get you alone... He fought a smirk threatening to throw off the calm of his face. "Where is Dr. McCoy?"She asked. "Bones is probably pouting about the fact that he won't be delivering your baby, this time around. He had his heart set on it, but Starfleet Command simply would not approve his taking a short break from the ship, at this time. The crew members began to have a conversation about general things – what the ship would be like without two of its most prized members, etc, when Nyota grabbed her stomach and groaned. Spock quickly placed his hands on her and tried to assess her condition. "That feels like contractions," she said. "You can't get off of the ship, yet," Captain Kirk reminded her, then looked at Spock for confirmation. "In the event of going into labor or possibly being in labor, no person is permitted to travel through a Starfleet transporter," he verified. "Mr. Scott, if you would alert Dr. McCoy." Scotty saluted, with a smile and contacted Dr. McCoy. "Are you kidding me? I may have to wait another month before I can have sex with my husband?" Uhura grunted. When her water broke, she threw her hands into the air, then folded them, letting the fluid simply pour down. "I think she hates me," she said, then curled over when another contraction hit. "If the start of this one's life is any indication, she is going to be one tough cookie." Dr. McCoy came joyously rushing down the hall with a wheelchair to collect his friend and check her with a tricorder. "Everything looks normal, and even though you're having contractions, she's still got some time before she comes. Let's get you to medical bay." Kirk contacted the bridge, as Spock followed Dr. McCoy and his wife towards the infirmary. "Bridge, this is your captain. Hawkins, contact Starfleet Command and let them know that we will be slightly delayed. Lt. Uhura is onboard the Enterprise and is going into labor..." He heard crew members on the bridge cheering and expected at any moment that one or more would be making their way to see about their friend, happy that she could share this moment with them, again.
I Can't Stay Mad At You! Twelve hours passed from when Nyota first went into labor through when her daughter finally decided to grace them with her presence. The labor was harsh and painful. The baby seemed angry and Nyota's body was in distress the entire time. Nyota, being somewhat paranoid of losing babies (considering that she had indeed lost two before her beloved Sytar was born) wanted to make sure that she was alert and did not take anything that might hinder her mental faculties or affect the baby. Dr. McCoy gave her a wonderful hypo that took away some of her pain without drowsiness and calmed the baby. It lasted for a couple of hours, then Sanaa was alert and seemed upset that she had ever been put down. She began pushing and fighting, though Nyota's cervix was not quite prepared for the release. Spock used telepathic avenues to calm the baby girl, as he had done many nights when Nyota needed sleep... but then, the girl seemed excited that her dear father was near and began to move frantically. "Can't we just force her out, already?" Nyota groaned in pain, with her legs up and her back rested against pillows. The best thing was that Sanaa had at least waited for her father to be there. Nyota could not imagine how much more upset she might be if the girl decided that it was go time before the Enterprise arrived... even though she was more than a week early, already. Twelve hours, and there was the lovely little baby girl. She cried for a bit, and Nyota cried along with her, grateful for the hypo Dr. McCoy gave her as she coddled her tiny clone in her arms and looked up at Spock's proud stare. The Vulcan reached out to his daughter with his two fingers and the miniature girl stopped crying and stared curiously at what was in front of her. She reached out and grabbed the two fingers and let her father's touch soothe her. "I had a perfect little boy and now I have my perfect girl... and God help me if there is ever another in there causing me the trouble that you did!" Nyota cooed at her. Sanaa stared at her mother's face and looked like she was fighting a little smile. "Hello, Princess. Welcome to life. You are so precious! You are!" Spock looked up as Styik and Sytar were led in by Nurse Chapel. They had been contacted and beamed on board hours ago, but Nyota was in one of her colorful language modes and decided that she could see them after she had the opportunity to give birth. Styik looked at the baby and said, "Although Vulcan genes are superior and stronger, up to three times of that of a human's, you have given life to yet another mirror like image of yourself, Mother. Father, perhaps you have contributed physical aspects such as eyebrows and ears, this time, as well." "Physical aspects are irrelevant," Spock reminded his son. Sytar reached for his mother, but Styik kept hold of the toddler. Nyota looked rough enough and the boy would only further hurt her, though accidentally, of course. "Mama... Who's that?" Sytar asked, gesturing at his sister. Nyota held the girl towards her brother and introduced her, "This is your sister, Sanaa. Remember, when the whole family connected in love and we sent all that love into Mommy? That was for her." "She's a girl!" Sytar cheered and reached for the baby, but Styik held him tight. "Let me see..." He reached out and touched the baby's cheek, very gently. And. She. Flipped. Out. Sanaa screamed at the top of her lungs and scared her brother into trying to leap out of Styik's arms to run. Nyota cradled her to herself, again. But Sanaa would not be convinced. It was the start of a beautiful trend. When the shrill cry sounded in the night, Nyota shoved at Spock, but he was already in the process of collecting their daughter and assessing her for her current need. Gently and calmly he told the child, "You should be calm. It is much easier to communicate when you are not depending upon your emotions to convey your needs." Nyota chuckled at him as the baby stared at him confused for a moment, then began to scream even louder. Mommy Nyota reached for her girl and told her husband, "She's only a quarter Vulcan, Spock. Besides, I know exactly what she needs. My breasts are conveying it to the breast pads quite easily." She winked at her husband and offered him an appreciative kiss on the cheek. People sometimes misunderstood the Vulcan husband. People sometimes thought that because he was not an affectionate person that he was not a caring person. Nyota could testify before any court that when this highly emotional and loud baby began to cry at any point in time, it was her husband who rushed to the scene, before she had a chance to. For one thing, he was quicker and Nyota's body was still frequently tired. But, for another – emotionally charged actions amongst his family members bothered him. Sytar had not been much of a crier. There had been times where he had been frightened or sick that he cried; but never on a daily basis and never more than a few times in one day. Crying seemed to be Sanaa's typical form of communication. She would pause to hear whatever it was the big people around her were trying to get across, even stare curiously at their lips as they did so – perhaps whatever she wished for could be found within them. However, when their comforting words or pretty little songs did not bring forth the thing for which she cried, she returned to the banshee yell that irritated Spock's sensitive ears and made her brothers both cringe and rush as far away from her as possible. "This is pretty normal for a human baby," Nyota would tell them and frequently mutter, "She's only a quarter Vulcan." Every test showed that she was normal and healthy. It was simply the happy problem that she seemed to struggle with. The baby did not have much hair at first, only a small curly patch right at the top of her head, that Nyota thought it cute to just put a little bow on. Sanaa obviously did not think it cute. She screamed like the thing was poisonous and tried to rip it off as she kicked her legs into exhaust. Spock watched the child with folded arms. "Please don't comment on how illogical she is, Spock," Nyota warned. She did not want to hear the word today. She was not here for that. "It is the bow that I believe to be illogical, Nyota. It in no way improves the quality of our daughter's hair and it would appear its presence is both unwanted and fought against," Spock answered. "Well, her grandmother bought it for her, it's cute and she's going to wear it, if she cries until she's red in the face!" Nyota said, frustrated. "That is illogical," he said. "Spock, it isn't the bow that makes her cry. It isn't the bow or the pillow when it's my nap time, or the music when I'm trying to exercise. This baby cries because she is a crying baby. There's not a scientific formula to making her stop." "There is a scientific formula to everything," Spokc retorted, removed the bow from his daughter's head and picked her up. Sanaa's breathing was hard as she squirmed to snuggle closer to her hero who had rescued her from the silly bow that the mean old Mommy lady put in her head. Nyota laughed and told him, "If you pick her up every time that she cries, she is never going to stop using it to her advantage. You have to learn how to discern these things. Sometimes when she cries, it's for needs – food, a change in diapers, relief from a booboo..." She saw Spock's eyebrow and she waved off the word and said, "Ailment. Other times, she's just decided that she does not want to lie down while you bounce around trying to get slim again, and she won't have it. Those are the times that you hand her a soft toy or a tasty little treat and you let her decide whether she wants to give up that fight and enjoy herself, or keep it up until she loses and falls asleep." Sanaa's little fingers traced her father's strong jaw line and ultimately found his lips. "That's right, little one. Your mother is a very mean lady." He said and softly stroked her back, sending her waves of love and calm through his fingertips. "Very funny, Spock. She's not even old enough to formulate that," Nyota said. "No, but she is aware enough to feel it," he said. He offered two fingers to his wife and she gratefully accepted them with her own. Nyota jumped at the sensation and tilted her head at the child. "She's only a quarter Vulcan, but she's inherited a Vulcan child's range of emotions. They feel alien to her mostly human body and in her inability to communicate as well telepathically as a Vulcan child, she turns to her human nature." Nyota wanted to cry for her poor baby as she reached for the girl. And without a second thought, Baby Sanaa reached for the woman that she had spent so much time trying to connect to and not knowing how, all those months. It was easier with Spock, because he could use his telepathy. He didn't have to guess or try to guess what she wanted and needed. But, even though it wasn't as easy for the Mommy creature; home was in those soft arms. Nyota kissed her baby on the forehead and enjoyed the brief moment of peace. It would not take long before those volatile, volcanic feelings switched up on her and made her want to cry out loud, again.
All Cried Out Generally, a typical week's span of work and family would not drain much of the abundant energy of a Vulcan man, but Sanaa's antics could be exhausting. He found himself empathizing with Nyota for the hours of time she spent wrestling with this all day, every day. Last night, Nyota had not been feeling well. She took a hypo and went to sleep. Obviously, it was not in Sanaa's plans for Nyota to receive such sleep, because the child insisted upon crying, even when Spock tried to soothe her. He gave her the bottle, which held the precise portion of the amount of breast milk she would typically drink from her mother. The girl was silent just long enough to study the bottle, and to Spock's impressments, open the lid of it. But, then – she swung it with all of her might and sent it and all of its contents flying across the room. Her response to her own actions? To cry. "It is obvious that you were not hungry. Perhaps you should allow me to gage what it is that you require in exchange for your silence," Spock said, calmly and reached for her little head. He saw Nyota. "Your mother is attempting to get some rest." Much to his displeasure, Sanaa could not be less concerned about the reason that her mother was not being presented to her, and let out another series of shrill shrieks that made him extremely grateful that there were soundproof walls. The neighbors would believe that the child was being tortured, otherwise. Spock placed a hand on his daughter's face and commanded, "Stop it." She titled her head, slightly, as though assessing him – as though checking to see if he was serious. Then, she obviously decided that she didn't care whether he was serious or not, and went into a flurry of tears that even made it difficult for her to breathe. Spock grabbed his daughter from her seat and began to rock her, like her mother would. He even used the telepathic sensations of his fingertips to remind her of Nyota's lullabies, but the girl wasn't to be fooled or dissuaded. He kept seeing images of her mother in her mind, until he brought her into the bedroom and let her look at Mommy. "There she is," Spock said. Sanaa reached eagerly for her mother and Spock lied next to his wife, allowing the girl to shift closer to Nyota and place a hand on her face. After a few moments, she went to sleep. "Fascinating," Spock said, as he left the two females in the bed. "Thank goodness she finally stopped," Styik said when Spock entered the living room. "Tomorrow, I'll go get her some more peace serum." He looked at his father's face and offered, "Mother has some natural herbs for energy enhancement." "That is logical, as I'm certain that the baby withdraws a significant amount of energy from her mother," Spock said and sat next to his son. "What are you currently observing on your computer?" Styik and Spock went into a conversation about Styik's most recent studies and his plans for an upcoming assignment given to him by his instructor, from New Vulcan. Returning to work had been no easy feat for Nyota, as the baby continued her drastic crying spells for about three months and no sitter was ever able to calm her. Even Styik with his masterful telepathic skills had trouble helping her to quiet down when she got into her modes. It was only her mother, after some assessment and her father, after some melding was ever able to get her to be completely calm for more than a few minutes at a time, once she started. Nyota was worried that there might be something wrong with her, after all. But, every single test conducted came back with wonderful results. She was perfectly healthy. Then, when she was about four months old, one morning, Nyota awoke with a tremendous fear in her heart. She got up and rushed into the nursery to check on the baby, who was not crying everyone awake. She gently removed the blanket from her little girl and saw her breathing, rhythmically as she rested. Hours later, when Spock looked into the nursery, Nyota was diligently watching the baby sleep. He entered and walked up behind her. "She hasn't so much as groaned all morning. She is literally sleeping like a baby. She hasn't needed any coaxing or singing, or treats..." "Your statement appears positive, yet the inflections in your voice contradict that fact," Spock observed. "Something's wrong with her," Nyota said, worried. "She is not crying. It would appear that nothing is wrong with her," he assured his wife. "You are going to be late for work," he told her. "I'm not going, today. I have to make sure that nothing is wrong with my baby girl," Nyota told him, still waiting for Sanaa to wake up and begin crying at any moment. "You have elected to skip work in exchange for watching a baby who has no obvious sign of any problems," Spock confirmed for her, in case she had not really thought about what she was doing. "Sanaa is sleeping, and has been sleeping all morning. Even on peace serum, she's never been so peaceful and I have to make sure that this doesn't mena that something is terribly wrong. With the possibilities of defects within Vulcan/Human children, there's no such thing as being too careful or overprotective with your Vulcan/Human hybrid infant." "The defects are typically during the conception and pregnancy stages. The defects in infants and children are generally mental or emotional..." he reported. "Which in human genetics can affect other aspects of our health," she said. Spock nodded and took a deep breath. That was when his wife finally turned to look at him, "I'm sorry if I'm behaving illogical. There's just this thing between a mother and child. It's hard to explain, but I carried her for nine months and even if there's nothing wrong with her, I have to be sure, because she's such a big part of me and because of that connection." "I understand, perfectly well, Nyota. Sanaa is my child, as well." Spock told her. However, with no type of indication that there was anything wrong with their daughter, he could not force himself to forsake his duties. "I will routinely contact you to ascertain that Sanaa is well on today. When I arrive at work, I will review my schedule of the day and send you the times which I shall contact you, so that you may be prepared to receive my incoming transmissions." "Yes, Sir," she joked and gave him a kiss, followed by the connection of their fingers. Spock left for work and she folded her arms and looked at the baby again. After a short while, she began to stir. Sanaa's big, bright brown eyes blinked at her mother a few times before she reached up for the woman. Nyota picked up her precious little bundle and asked her, "Are you alright, today? Are you hungry?" She decided to feed her, though she was not crying and to get her ready for a visit to the pediatrician. Nyota and Spock found an excellent Starfleet personnel office of pediatrics. The place had xenopediatricians – one to cover every alien life form of the Federation, as well as many crossover pediatricians, who specialized with several species of babies and children. Nyota would regularly visit one for Vulcan children, one for human children and one who specialized in hybrid children. Vulcan/Human hybrids were becoming more numerous than they had even been in history, due to some Vulcans having to take on human spouses, after the fall of Vulcan, and Nyota felt like she could not be too safe. All of them confirmed that all of Sanaa's tests were completely normal. The Vulcan pediatrician said, "Her behavior and demeanor seems to have transferred to that of the typical Vulcan infant. Perhaps she needed the time spent with her Vulcan family members to teach her that she did not have to communicate in the typical human manner of crying out, as a baby... perhaps, she's simply grown past it in her quick Vulcan mental development. Either way, there is absolutely nothing wrong that I can see with this baby." Sanaa gave her mother a concerned look, and Nyota held her close and tightly. "Also – the activity in her brain indicates that she is becoming more telepathically receptive. You may have to be careful of the feelings that you allow when you're touching her. She'll start to pick them up from you." "She doesn't need her father as a gate between us, anymore," Nyota said. "More than that, Lt. Uhura. She doesn't need any gate between anyone. Vulcan children are typically born with some level of telepathy, which they generally share with their mother and father, to hone. Within a short period of time – usually one to three months, they develop the consciousness to control their touch telepathy. It took her four months and she may not be as proficient as a full blooded Vulcan child, but she will be able to pick things up and within a few months, probably to send things out, too." "But, she's totally healthy?" Nyota confirmed. "100%" Nyota took her baby to the school. She knew from the schedule Spock provided for her that he would soon be free, for his call to her and decided to just stop in and see him, instead. When she explained to him exactly what the doctor told her, she saw a brief glimmer of pride in his eyes. Sytar could communicate with him and with Styik, but the toddler had trouble with most basic telepathic functions. That didn't cause Spokc to love him any less, but it did make it difficult for him to connect with him on a truly Vulcan level. Of course, Spock determined that he would never have any favorites amongst his children. He saw how terribly that could affect someone, having become victim to his half brother Sybok's jealous rage and bitterness. There was no need to ever allow such dissentions between his own children. "So, you were right, she's fine," Nyota said, with a smile. "Am I to conclude that tomorrow, you will return to work as scheduled?" Spock asked. Nyota rolled her eyes playfully and answered, "I shall report for duty at my scheduled time, Mr. Spock." With that, she kissed him gently on the lips and made her way back home with her perfectly healthy and calm child.
Eliciting Illicit Behavior The children were out for a while. Styik knew when Nyota needed her alone time. He had caught on quickly, when on the ship to the fact that the woman had certain needs, and he generally made himself scarce at those times. Now, he had to make himself scarce with a toddler and a baby. Nyota promised to make it up to him by cooking a full meal, featuring his favorites. When Spock happened by her, she called, "Spock, could you come do me a favor, please, Sir?" Her husband dutifully reported to her at the counter and she held her fingers' covered in some sauce. "Could you give this a taste to see if you like it?" Spock stared at her fingers and his eyes searched her form, up and down. Nyota had on a thigh length dress that zipped up the entire length of the front seam. He tilted his head, then moved in to give the sauce a taste. "It is good," He told her, then stared at her fingers, reached for her hand and questioned, "Is this a new color coating for your fingernails?" She smirked. She knew that he would notice. Emerald green was one of his favorite colors. Green in general, on her usually got him heated up. "Oh, yes – it is. I bought it to match the new bra and panties set that I brought." Spock's grip on her hand tightened and he took a small swallow. Nyota's eyebrows lowered and she reached for the zipper at the top of her dress, "Would you like to give me an opinion on this, as well?" Spock watched her with intent eyes as she unzipped the dress all the way down. He took a deep breath and his eyes grazed slowly and heatedly down her entire form. "I propose that we take this conversation to the bedroom, where I can further examine the product in greater detail and come to the most efficient conclusion." Spock released her hand and placed his own behind his back. Nyota smirked and told him, "I have to finish cooking." "You obtained your current garments to elicit an emotional response from me," he observed. "Might I bring to your remembrance an old Terran saying, 'Be careful what you wish for.'" Spock reached over Nyota and turned off every single thing on the stove and without another word walked towards the bedroom. "Please do not delay, Nyota." He said, as calmly as anything else in the Vulcan world. But the moment her foot crossed the threshold to their bedroom, the door swooshed shut and her dress was thrown completely across the room. "Computer, lock the bedroom door and sound proof the room," Spock ordered, gently. Nyota laughed as her husband picked her up and tossed her onto the bed. Sanaa stared at the little dish of creamy stuff that her father was attempting to feed her; then she stared at him, with her already deep arched eyebrows furrowed. She glanced at the arrangement on Styik's plate – a collection of leaves, sprinkled with sliced avocado, green olives, banana peppers, and cranberries, a side of pasta with a pile of green pesto sauce and artichokes, and a huge bell pepper stuffed with African herbs and flowers. She looked at a similar plate of her mothers, also with a steaming mug of vanilla chai tea with almond milk and a piece of a sugarcane stalk setting in it. Then, she saw Sytar spreading all manner of beets and sweet potatoes all over his face, as he grabbed off of his colorful plate and shoved things into his mouth. She looked at her little dish again. Plomeek formula... What was that, anyway? She glanced at her mother and eldest brother snickering. Did they think this was comical? For them to have full, luxurious plates of vegetables and fruit and dishes that she oculd not pronounce nor request while Father tried to give her a cup of green goo? Sann reached for the cup. Nyota and Styik watched in anticipation as Spock, for whatever reason, allowed the girl to get her hands on the container. When she did, she flipped it over onto the floor and glared at him, like it was all his fault. Nyota and Styik began laughing. "Do not encourage her rebellious behavior with amusement," Spock said. Then, to Sanaa, he said, "You will never be allowed to do that, ever again. I will prepare another cup of formula, as it is necessary for you to receive proper nutrients, and you will consume it, in its entirety." He retrived the cup and said, "Styik, if you will, please tend to the mess on the floor." "Yes, Father." Spock glanced at a food covered Sytar and told him, "And you will soon be taught to use proper utensils." Styik fought his urge to laugh. He knew that Spock was frustrated about the fact that Sanaa had thrown her food on the floor. Spock had looked at Sanaa, seated at the table, but not being fed and asked, "Why is it that everyone is prepared to eat, with the exception of our baby?" Nyota said, "She's not accepting the formula well. It's easier to just wait until she's hungry, than to try to feed it to her at a certain time." "As a baby, she requires structure. If we feed her at the times which she is expected to eat, her body will adapt to the time period and she will get hungry according to that," he said and went to make her formula. Nyota wouldn't argue with him. Instead, his lovely glowing wife cheered, "Have fun with that!" But, Spock had nothing but fun and it was she and Styik who did. Sytar was oblivious, but when he had beets, yams, and berries, he could care less about anything else in the world. Spock prepared another cup of the pasty green formula for his daughter, and picked up a baby spoon with much severity. He marched over to the child and said in a stern tone, looking her right in the eyes, "Open. Your. Mouth. Daughter." Nyota snickered and watched, expecting a staring contest to ensue. But, Sanaa's mama apparently was not raising no fool. The girl opened her mouth and ate every spoonful of the food. Spock told her, "Do not ever make me have to use that tone with you again." Did Nyota see Sanaa give him a one nod? "Mr. Spock, I am impressed." Nyota said, holding her fingers out towards him. He touched his to hers and lifted an eyebrow. She'd said "impressed" but he was reading "completely turned on" and Spock knew right then that later on, the bedroom would have to be locked and soundproofed again. Spock smirked, ever so slightly.
I apologize for the wait in updating. I know that it isn't necessarily FAIR, but I tend to update my stories based upon demand and I hadn't really been bothered about this story too much. But, when I was questioned recently by cattohot, I promised to update and here I am. Hope you can enjoy the update. I Am NOT Impressed Nyota pulled the mini shuttle into the spot and went to gather her infant from her seat. Sanaa stared stoically ahead through the entire trip to the garden. Her mother put her into a carrying sack that she wore as a satchel in the front. "Your mother used to love coming her to get ingredients to cook for your father. Now, she gets to cook for her family and that makes her treasure it even more!" She said as she made sure that all of the straps were secured. Sanaa simply stared at her mother's hands and Nyota could not shake the thought that the baby's eyes were judging whether or not her mother was leaving any steps out. She smiled and nuzzled her nose against her daughter's. Sanaa leaned back, slightly to free her face from the cutesy stuff. Nyota laughed, "You are amazingly Vulcan; do you know that?" Sanaa frowned. She did not seem impressed. "Well, your grandmother says that your father was a happy baby. Your older brother was definitely a happy baby and I was too. Where did you get this brooding from, huh?" Sanaa stared at her like she was asking the most foolish questions ever. There was no way to really tell how much of what she was saying that the babgy understood, but as a communications officer, she believed that it was important to speak frequently with her children. They shopped for the perfect fruits, vegetables and flowers for a glorious meal. For some reason, Nyota felt like cooking a feast for her family. She held up each selection to the baby and said the name of it and watched in amusement as Sanaa's eyes would momentarily get wide as she reached for each plant, then return to normal as she snuggled into her mother's chest with an interested expression. She read somewhere that sometimes, emotions frightened small Vulcans when they did not have an adult available to reaffirm calm. Spock admitted that it could possibly be true, in some cases; however, he spouted off the odds of Sanaa being afflicted by such a thing (and it was low) because of her small portion of Vulcan genetics. BUT, Vulcan genetics, even though lesser inside of her were still stronger. "Is your mother bothering you with the food?" Nyota heard a voice ask. When she looked up to see the best Efrosian friend that she had ever made, she smiled brightly and cheered, "NAVID! What are you doing here?" She asked, in his native tongue, greeting him with a hug and making Sanaa give her and him both serious stink eyes. He cheerfully told her about some business that he had at Starfleet. "Diplomacy never sleeps and the academy, more often than the Federation cares to admit is a target for the need of it," he replied. Then, when he noticed Sanaa, he gushed and asked, "And, this exquisitely beautiful gem must be your precious new addition to the Vulcan clan of Spock." He leaned forward to speak to Sanaa and she reached over and grabbed his long, platinum blond beard and proceed to seemt o attempt to remove it from his face. "Oh, let go, Sanaa," Nyota said, trying to pry the small fingers from her friend's facial hair. "She has this thing about her personal space. I blame the fact that we were in space, where nothing was certain for the entire pregnancy for the reason that she's so paranoid." "I don't think that she's paranoid. I think that she's territorial," he said, finally being freed from the baby and moving back, out of her reaching fist. She managed to take hair away with her and she looked at it in her hand, then looked up at her mother with a disgusted grimace. "You're the one who did it!" Nyota told her, as she reached for a wipe to free her child's hand of the hair that seemed to bother her. Sanaa's face was devoid of regret, or any other emotion, for that matter as she snuggled against her mother again and glared at the pink man with the white hair. "Definitely territorial," Navid said and nudged his head at Sanaa. "It is pretty interesting. Vulcan children and I guess, based upon what I've seen of her, partially Vulcan children, as well, are known to be quite territorial. But, while this trait doesn't seem to include possessions – as most Vulcan children are very willing to share food and resources – their territorial issues seem driven by familial connections. For instance, your baby saw someone get entirely too close to her mother, she lashed out. But, if I say, took something from your basket, she most likely wouldn't think much of it." "Oh, you don't know this princess very well. She acts like she has a license and gets paid to give others the evil eye. You take something out of this basket and please believe that she will try to murder you with her glare," Nyota said and bopped her daughter on the nose. Sanaa simply batted her eyelashes. "But, I know how territorial Vulcan children can be. This one is my third, remember?" "Third? Well, I had not realized that you and Commander Spock had been so busy. Does he have to fill a quota for arranged marriages to help rebuild the New Vulcan population?" Navid asked, seemingly genuine. Nyota chuckled and gave him an incredulous look. Sanaa's head snapped up and she looked at Navid like he had just called her mother out of her name... Or like he had just insulted her father, rather, which was punishable by the glare of 1000 pissed off Vulcan babies. "Oh, wait... I'm sorry. I still sometimes think about them in the pre-destruction days. I forget that they do, in fact have feelings." "I guess that's understandable. For all of those centuries, everyone else thought that they had no emotions and a short few years is hard to unlearn such a myth, even when the proof is out there," she said. Sanaa yawned, silently, but Nyota knew the way her close body felt when she did so. "Oh, it's been a long afternoon for her. I'll have to go. How long will you be on the planet?" "I will be here for a few weeks. Your Vulcan partner in amity is here. The V'tosh katur Ambassador to New Vulcan."When her eyes lit up, he flinched a bit and said, "I may have just ruined what was intended to be a surprise." "Probably, but he'll forgive you. He's good for stuff like that. Well, I have to take the princess home and allow her to get some rest in. When you're free, before you leave the planet, we should have lunch or breakfast, as is our custom." "Definitely, we shall," he said and moved to hug her again, but paused when he saw Sanaa's little hand visibly rise in the gesture for "stop." He smiled and tipped his head to her, then to Nyota as she made her way out of the garden. As soon as Nyota got home and opened the door, she heard the laughter of her boys and another familiar voice, Vulrak. Upon entering, Styik cheered, "Mother is home!" He came from the living room with Sytar on his hip and told her, "Vulrak is on planet for a conference." She smiled and went into the living room where her Vulcan friend looked even more regal than ever, in bronze and gold robes. Vulrak came to greet her with a hug, and took Sanaa from her arms. "You must be Sanaa. You are such a beautiful child and I have been told that you are quite opinionated." He lifted two fingers to her and she looked at them, then at her mother. "Never change for anyone, Sanaa. Do whatever it is that you want to do," he told her. She stared at him for a time, evaluating whether she wanted to touch his fingers. She did this with her father and brothers frequently, but she didn't know this man. Styik demonstrated, touching Vulrak's fingers to let her know that this was someone to be trusted. This was someone that she could accept this familiar Vulcan connection with, just as though he were family. But, Sanaa simply lifted one eyebrow and sighed. When the others in the room laughed at her wonderful imagery of her father, she furrowed both brows and reached for her mother. Nyota received her back, but let her know, "Mother has to cook dinner. You are going to be with your brothers until I get done." Sanaa poked her lip out and Nyota kissed it, which made her suck her lip in and star at her mother, incredulously. Now, she wanted to go to Styik. At least he never did things like that to her face! Nyota passed the child over and he took her on his free hip and moved to go sit down with his siblings. Nyota pointed to Vulrak and asked, "Care to help me out in the kitchen?" "Am I invited to stay for dinner?" He asked and winked at her, helping her to take the bags in, so that they could get started. The group ate and had several conversations. Vulrak's versatile natures impressed Nyota, once again as he flawlessly transitioned throughout the meal from the stoic associate that Spock was comfortable discussing recent Vulcan news and science with to the easygoing friend that Nyota adored and the "fun uncle" that the boys admired. Sanaa stared at him with pursed lips. This was the first dinner guest that the family had ever had and she had no idea what to think about that. This was supposed to be family time. First, there was that hairy face man in the garden, now there was this man, who had the audacity to try to touch her fingers, like she knew him and was now eating one of the interesting looking plates that the big people ate! But, once again, her father was trying to shovel mixed vegetation mush into her mouth! Spock and Sanaa stared at each other, much to Vulrak, Styik and Nyota's amusement. "I seriously envy you for being privy to such entertainment on a nightly basis," Vulrak whispered to Styik. "Envy is a reasonable emotion for the situation," Styik answered. The three of them tried not to laugh as Spock explained to the girl, again, "You have yet to reach your necessary portion of nutrients from your consumption. I am certain that you have not eaten enough to be properly sustained and," he whispered, "Your mother worked incredibly hard in order to find a vegetable blend which you enjoy and prepare them in a texture suitable for your infantile consumption needs." Styik snickered and Vulrak looked at Spock with a small, fond smile. Nyota reentered the room, though everyone else had finished dinner and she took the small bowl from Spock, "She simply isn't going to cave, this time – Spock." He politely retrieved the bowl from his wife and attempted to feed the child again. Sanaa wasn't budging. She stared at him. Vulrak clapped his hands once and said, "I know exactly what to do!" He marched in and scooped the baby up from her high chair. Her eyes widened as she stared at him and he tossed her into the air a couple of times. "That is ill-advised," Spock told him. Vulrak sat her down in her chair and nudged his head towards her, looking at Spock. Spock sighed and moved to try to feed her again, but her resolve returned, harder than ever. She would not open her mouth, until she saw Vulrak reach for her again. Her mouth opened and Spock stuffed the homemade plomeek baby food into her mouth. She smacked on it and watched Vulrak suspiciously, wondering if he would grab her again. After Spock finished feeding her, he cleaned off her face and collected her into his arms. It was time to read the science journals to her until she got sleepy.
Heritage Report Styik was in the middle of reorganizing his workspace when he heard the turning of the little wheels of Sanaa's walker approach. "Hello," he said without turning her way. She stared at him from the doorway until he turned to look at her. "Sanaa, do you wish to come inside?" She stepped forward and he turned back to his work, "You've got better manners than your brother. I can't remember one time that I have ever seen him wait to be invited. But, you know…" He looked at her, "You don't need to ask permission. My door is always open for you. If I wish not to be disturbed, I will lock it." She rolled over to where he was and observed what he was doing. "I have not quite yet worked out the best organizational situation for this room. I have reorganized it several times in the past four months and each time, I notice something that could be better." She frowned and he looked at her. "I know, boring, right?" He put down what he was holding and went over to her, "So, what brings you to me today? May I?" He reached out to touch her and she studied his hand, determining whether or not she would allow him to know her mind. "No pressure. If you want to, just clap your hands two times, like this," he clapped twice, "And I will come over and you can share with me." Sanaa tilted her head. "Can you clap? I honestly have no idea what to expect from hybrid babies. Sytar was able to clap at four months, but he also would simply reach out, touch and share, with no qualms. He also smiled and laughed a lot. You know what I think?" Styik sat on the floor, in front of her walker, "I think that when Mother gave birth to Sytar, things and situations were so hectic and stressful that when he sensed her emotions, his emotions tried to balance her out. When you're a baby and there is an adult there, responsible for touching you, holding you, teaching you affection… their emotions can impact you." Sanaa clapped her hands twice. Styik raised an eyebrow and lifted his hand again to offer to her. Her tiny fingers reached out to grab onto him and he read her thoughts. Nyota, with Vulcan ears and a clear expression. He sighed, "Well… I think that Vulcan mothers are far more equipped to handle Vulcan hybrid children, but we do not engage in guessing. The fact is that the Vulcan population has been overwhelmingly male since the destruction of Vulcan." He showed her an image of Vulcan being destroyed, as from the records of starship cameras. "The Vulcan men and boys who were left had to try to find suitable partners, in the wake of coming to terms with losing the ones that they had, and losing others in their lives - friends, parents, other loved ones." He showed her life on New Vulcan, through his eyes as a child returned to Vulcan society. "They even petitioned Romulus to reunite with our heritage, under the consultation that their planet would not remain intact for very much longer." He showed her reports of Elder Spock's claims of the future of Romulus. "Some of the more logical Romulans were in agreement and allowed to travel to New Vulcan, presuming that they would be willing to adopt and adhere to Vulcan laws and customs. Many of them did not see assimilation as logical, but oppressive. Those came to New Vulcan to escape the probable destruction of their own world, but had trouble fitting into the Vulcan norms and were wooed into the caves where the V'tosh ka'tur were creating homes of their own, factions and families, and certain unspoken rules." He showed her Vulcans without logic, claiming caves for themselves and their tribes and setting some to guard them and protect the women and children inside. "They were content to share the planet without getting involved in the politics." Sanaa's eyes were wide with the image of the Vulcans, running freely, laughing, loving and singing, etc. Until now, that seemed like only a thing that Sytar would be doing. Even via transmission, every Vulcan she had ever seen had been composed and calm. "But the uneven number of women made that difficult. V'tosh ka'tur would go into Pon Farr, having to mate or kill and without women, what appeared to be beginning was an organization of fighting to the death." Sanaa gasped at the image of Vulcans fighting. Styik censored it a bit, so that she wouldn't have nightmares. "They set up small arenas in the areas that we simply called "the caves," which is the vast areas of desert hills where Vulcans retreat in order to handle private matters such as mating, giving birth, and elderly retirement. Now, if one wanted such arenas set up, the caves are definitely where they should go. What kind of problem do you believe they would run into?" Sanaa immediately thought of multiple dead Vulcans. Styik winced and whispered to himself, "I am going to be in so much trouble for that." In his normal speaking voice, he confirmed, "Right. We were already on the brink of extinction from the destruction of our planet. V'tosh ka'tur killing each other during pon farr could only hurt our numbers." He saw priestesses gathering to meet with V'tosh ka'tur and try to work something out, but being taken and enslaved for mating purposes, instead. He saw Elder Spock, Grandfather Sarek, and certain other Vulcan men enter the caves to try to check on their status and get the meetings in order. The V'tosh ka'tur informed them that they would be keeping the priestesses and any other woman who dared ventured into the caves, which they were now claiming as theirs. Styik was just a child, at the time and his stepfather, Sybok had him in his custody, though he couldn't control him. The Vulcan elders agreed to leave the V'tosh ka'tur to their affairs in the caves under the circumstance that all of the children were to come into the cities and be members of Vulcan society. Styik wound up in a mental institution, as he was not quite able to master being Vulcan enough for society. Sanaa stared at him, wondering where he had gone to. "So, the Vulcans and the V'tosh ka'tur made deals. The Vulcan logic would not be forced upon of age Vulcans and those who rejected logic as absolute would go into the caves and be a part of that society. V'tosh ka'tur weren't the savages that you might think. They simply didn't want to try to kill their emotions. While that tends to get tricky with our DNA and the range of powerful emotions inside of us, they had their ways of living with it. The main problem was that women of New Vulcan weren't necessarily safe… If they got too close to the caves, they would be taken. Sometimes, a rogue cave Vulcan might take one, even if she was not near the caves. It was volatile, but the Vulcan elders wanted to try to keep control and knowledge of these things within our society." Sanaa clapped her hands together and he joined their fingers. She flashed images of every Vulcan women that she had ever got a glimpse of and every portion of New Vulcan that she had ever picked up from her mother's fleeting thoughts. Styik chuckled silently and said, "I promise, you'll know everything. Right now, I'm trying to set the backdrop!" She pulled her hand away and frowned, but waited. "So… Whenever Mother and Father came to the planet, Mother had Sytar in her uterus, but he was small and not yet even formed. I was… in an institution for Vulcan children who had lost control of their mental faculties…" Sanaa reached outwards and bounced up and down trying to climb out of the walker. "Wow. Ok…" He stood up, lifted her out and she studied his face, tracing his features and lines with her fingertips in disbelief. "Right? Me? Not in control?" He laughed and took her to his computer to sit and continue chatting. "And I met her and I knew that my destiny was with her… and by default, with Father. There was a lot going on in my head, but to make a long story short, she took me in. They already had a son that they had wanted inside of her. He was already conceived and already growing when they determined that I would also be their son." He gave her a montage of emotional outbursts and episodes of his own and she hugged him tightly. "See… we can be that way, too. And it doesn't make us worse than the ones like Father and Grandfather. It just means we have different values. It is okay for you to appreciate and love Mother in her human state, with her flawed logic and her emotional responses, because with all of that… She loves you and always will. And she loves me, and she loves Father, and Sytar…" She turned up her nose. "And all of us as a whole," he finished with laughter. "Also… Father loves her." She nodded her head, still confused, but at least accepting the facts. "With the endorsements that he received from the Vulcan public for rushing into Vulcan to rescue the elders and being a liaison between Starfleet and Vulcan, Father could have easily left Starfleet, been accepted into Vulcan society as a logical leader and could have gotten any Vulcan wife that he wanted, AND probably would have had numerous children with said wife, to contribute to Vulcan society." Now, Sanaa reached for his cheek, wondering why she had caught images of Nyota losing babies, mourning at makeshift memorials, crying in pain as she flushed away tissue, holding pillows with odd names on them to her heart… "Father saw it more beneficial to him to stay with a woman that he loved and take the bad with the good to do so. It just so happens, that woman was not a Vulcan woman." Sanaa sighed. "Come on, now. Is it really that bad? I had a Vulcan mother, too. I have to tell you, even though I loved her and I always will, she wasn't this perfect image that you seem to think that our mother would have been if only father had married a Vulcan. She was loving and passionate and she would and did die for me… but she was also rebellious and explosive. Her protection of me, me carrying her katra and it becoming like a part of me… that really scarred me in a lot of ways. Vulcans aren't perfect and Mother would not be better for you if she were Vulcan. In fact, you would be someone else and who you are would not exist. And, I happen to love you, just the way that you are." He lifted his hand for a high five, but when she lifted her hands, she formed him a Vulcan salute. "Very well," he told her and returned it, with a small smile.
What I Want Spock had not spent much time lately concerned with heavy issues. There was balance in his family life, his marriage (specifically), his work and his interests. He taught, went on brief expeditions, dedicated certain amounts of time each day to each child accordingly, and built rapport with coworkers at the academy. His assistant was not overbearing. His supervisors did not distress him. Life was content. Things were well with him and the entire clan. "Mr. Spock!" He heard a call out from a further distance than he would have wanted to be called from. "Captain," he said, politely as James Kirk approached him. "Good to see ya." The man informed him and gave him a pat on the shoulder. "I am not sure why it is that I am seeing you, Captain." "We had to stop in for some repairs and some remodeling. Blew off a portion of the girl on a mission. We'll be here for a little bit. Some of the crew will go do other things. Personally, I am planning on getting back on exploration as soon as possible. So… What do you have going on? I want to see if I can get you on something…" Spock heard himself sigh as Jim went on about all of the plans that he presumed would include Spock and probably assumed that Spock would be willing to be included in, without asking or checking on his current situation… "Jim." They looked at each other, Captain Kirk, now silent. "I will have to consult my schedule and with my wife before agreeing to such drastic changes in our agenda." "I thought that you were the agenda person," he said. "I am best at preparing the agenda, but I do not impose one on Lt. Uhura or the rest of our family." Seamlessly, Kirk moved on, "The family! I'm SO excited to see them. How's that daughter? I'll bet she's a firecracker, like her mom." Spock tilted his head ever so slightly, not about to argue with that illogical rambling of words. "Wait. Is she not? Is she a daddy's girl?" Jim was full of excitement. Spock tried to keep his own to a minimum. "She resembles her father more than she does her mother," Spock answered. He would go as far as to think that she didn't even really seem to like her mother much, outside of milk and necessary infant affection. "I think she looks just like Uhura, except the whole," he traced a circle in front of his own face, "You know, the Vulcanics of her face." Spock's even face didn't seem to change, but Kirk sensed a frown. "I mean DNA. Really, eyebrows. I meant the ears and the eyebrows. It's basically all that you give them." "If we exclude the rest of their genetic material, beyond their facial appearances, the time and energy of raising them, providing sustenance, guidance, logic…" "I meant appearance wise. You don't have to be so literal all of the time." They stood for a moment, in silence, then Kirk said, "Well… I know that you never have idle time, so I will let you get back to whatever you were doing and I will get to hunting down Lt. Uhura to see about finessing your agenda." Spock opened his mouth to refute, but Nyota was coming out of a door and Kirk spotted her and called out (just as loudly as he had before), "Uhura!" Spock sighed again, and went back to what he was doing. "You don't have to do anything that you don't want to, Spock. Nobody can make you, not even Captain Kirk." "Yes, I know this and understand it," he said, preparing Sanaa's baby food, while she readied other elements of dinner. "Then, you have your answer for Captain Kirk. Tell him that you don't want to." "It is not an issue of whether or not I want to…" "You have no logical reason not to go." She said, tired of this circular conversation in which Spock dimply was suggesting that he didn't want to participate in Kirk's assignment, but clearly would not just say that. Sure, he had responsibilities. They both did. But, why would he be so against this, unless of course he didn't feel confident leaving her alone? "I can mix that plomeek baby formula. I can check a clock to see that Styik has dedicated the appropriate amount of time to his studies and research. I can make sure that Sytar has had the correct amount of nutritional value in his diet. What is it that you think I do here? Just offer hugs, quotes, and breast milk to the smallest? That I work all day so I can chill out & be cool mom without rules, regulations, restrictions or reservations? You do realize that I let you handle all of those things because the meticulous nature of them is important to you, right? Who do you think takes care of our children when you are on an expedition, or working overtime on the bridge, or having seemingly endless moments of meditation? Did you think that the ship was helping to fill in the blanks? Because, Mister Spock, have I got news for you. These things that you do are a small percentage of the things that our children actually need and the things that you do aren't the things that human children take into memory and account of value. They are basic needs. You provide what you must. I'm the one here giving above and beyond and working a full time job, as well. So, I don't take up extra shifts or do side experiments, because I want to make sure that I am here to do the portion that I do. And you can be here to do the portion that you do, if you're so inclined. But, don't make this out to be like you have a duty to be here non-stop and do all of these things to wiggle your way out of one of Kirk's ventures. Because, I refuse to be insulted that way…" Sanaa began crying in her nursery. Nyota took a deep breath and left the room to go check on her. Spock set down the instruments, wondering if he should follow to clarify or if his reluctance had triggered anger that would only take his correction as condescending? Sometimes it was unclear. She came back with a crying baby, and mentioned, "I guess you think that I need you to stop this, too?" "This" meaning Sanaa's cries. Spock was not going to take this time to point out to her the fact that he was better at this, effortlessly. "What would be the problem in admitting that you do need me?" He wondered. "What would be the problem in admitting that you do want to be here with me, instead of acting like you have to be here?" She asked right back. Sanaa wrestled and wrangled away from her mother, reaching out for Spock. He accepted the baby and she quieted down, breathing heavily and glaring at Nyota. "She didn't mean it," Spock told her. "Your father is sometimes not very considerate of her feelings and when she gets hurt by this, she sounds angry. Really, she isn't mean or mad." He rubbed the back of Sanaa's head and said softly, "I am sorry, Nyota. It was not my intention to insist that I did not want to be here, nor to depict that you require my doing so. I simply did not wish to express the feelings about leaving my family right now to explore with Captain Kirk." "You don't have to express your feelings, Spock… But… You don't have to repress them either. Not with me. Not with us. Tell me that you are not willing to go, and I will accept it. Add the qualifier that you are not willing to go because you think that the kids will not have a responsible, logical parent around and how am I supposed to take that?" "That is not what I was suggesting." He took a deep breath, offered a small toothless smile and admitted, "I was going to say that it is not an issue of whether or not I want to go, because I certainly do not want to. The reason that I do not want to is because I do not wish to be an outsider in my own family. This has happened to me in the past, on New Vulcan. The trip to Earth was to be an experience to ensure that we do not again become a family divided, with me on the outside of the dynamic. It is perfectly logical, because people with healthy family relationships and interactions make for more successful and physically well citizens. The issue is with convincing the captain that I have a logical reason that will be acceptable to him. He does not listen to me very often." Nyota wrapped her arms around herself and winced, "I am so sorry. I should have given you a chance to speak. I felt like we've been having this talk for hours and I thought the worse. That's insecurity on my part." She walked over to him, stood in front of him, leaned up and looked at his mouth. Spock took only a moment to shift Sanaa away from their path and lean into the kiss. Sanaa stared at them with furrowed brows. What had just happened? They were arguing, hurt, mad and sad, and now… they were putting their bodies together. She wrestled again, until Spock set her down on the floor. She crawled away, quickly, got some distance, looked at them, took a seat on the floor and watched them interacting. Their foreheads were pressed together and they were holding hands. At least nobody seemed to be mad. Nobody seemed upset. They seemed to be better, for having done this. She crawled over to the dinner table, hoisted herself up to stand and watched them some more. They didn't seem to want to part, but Spock went back to preparing food, after another small kiss and Nyota was coming for her. "Are you hungry?" She asked, collecting her from under the table and putting her in her high chair, "Daddy's getting your dinner ready right now. Your brothers will be around soon, too. I know you miss them with all the talking that you had to listen to from us." Nyota put a bib around Sanaa's neck and said softly, "I'm sorry for talking mean to your father. What I said was correct, but the way that I handled that was not. When you care about people, you give them a chance to share with you. They might not always give you the response you want when you want it. Let them have the time they need to communicate. I don't always do that correctly and before all is said and done, you will see me be a not very nice person sometimes. I just hope that you grow up knowing that even though I don't always do the right thing, I will always do what I think is right and best for you." She touched the tip of Sanaa's nose. Styik came inside with Captain Kirk holding Sytar. "Found this old thing in the activity center," he announced, monotoned. Kirk declared, "I found them and made it my mission to rescue an adorable toddler from a quantum physics lecture." Styik quickly corrected, "It was hardly a lecture. I was simply sharing some light reading." Spock commented, "There is no fault in giving information to children, whether or not they are currently able to dissect all of it. Just moments ago, Lt. Uhura shared words of wisdom with an infant who does not yet speak. She will, however remember." Kirk set Sytar down and he ran into the kitchen to see what was for dinner. Kirk immediately went over to Sanaa and she tensed up and grabbed her high chair. "Hello, Sanaa. I am Uncle Jim. James Tiberius Kirk. Captain of the Enterprise. Sort of boss man to your mom & dad." "When we're on the ship," Nyota reminded him. "Other times too!" Kirk said. "Speaking of…" "I have thought about your invitation and have decided to decline," Spock said as he moved towards Sanaa with her dinner. "I find it more pleasing to spend my time with my family until we board the Enterprise. If you find an assignment that will not proceed into the next day, I will consider it." Nyota said softly, "Styik if you could help me grab dinner." "Of course, Mother." Jim sighed took a seat next to Sanaa at the dinner table, to her obvious disagreement. He laughed to himself and said, "Of course you don't want to be away from your family for two weeks. Kind of a bullheaded thing of me to ask." "I did not find it surprising, Captain." Spock said, feeding Sanaa as she continued to examine this man next to her. "And you can't leave Uhura with all of this…" "She would handle everything admirably in my absence." Spock answered instantly. "Yeah, but she shouldn't have to. Besides… Daddy's Girl is already not a fan. I take you for 14 days and she'll never smile at me." "I am not convinced that she will, at any rate. She is quite resistant to even Lt. Uhura's charm." "So not only is she definitely your daughter, but she's more Spock than you are?" Sanaa and Spock both sighed in tandem. Kirk laughed. Nyota and Styik came back in with dishes. Sytar climbed onto his booster seat. Sanaa was finishing up her bowl. Kirk stood up, to give them privacy. "I will probably see you in a couple of weeks, before the Enterprise takes off again." "You may stay for dinner, if it pleases you," Spock told him. "I've already made plans, Mr. Spock. Lt. Uhura, lovely place. Styik, see you hanging around the ship maintenance. Sytar, be good. Sanaa…" She stared at him. "Nice to meet you."
Kid Free Weekend The two weeks that Kirk was away for the mission that Spock turned down, they did see a bit of a few of the others. Scotty was working on the ship, which Styik took as an opportunity to venture into the area… against great advice not to do so. He insisted that if Keenser was able to be there, he should too, as he decided that he was just as talented (an observation that Spock reminded him was untrue and rude to claim, as Keenser was a certified engineer with work experience). Many of them either took temporary assignments at Starfleet, some doing lectures, demonstrations and such. Dr. McCoy took up going over medical field intelligence with Sanaa. He was basically there everyday, bringing her new gifts, like a child's doctor play kit, and illustrated videos about health, hygiene and happiness. Spock seemed content with his regular presence and Nyota was definitely into having a trustworthy free babysitter. "Hey, why don't you let Janice and I have her for a weekend?" "I don't think she would tolerate that," Spock replied before Nyota had a chance to say anything. "We'll take Sytar, too," Dr. McCoy finished (as Spock had cut him off). "I know he's not our godchild, but we equally love him and maybe that would help her feel better." "He is absolutely no source of comfort for her…" Spock said. "Perhaps an afternoon with you would be more reasonable. " "Afternoon with both kids. Pack them for a weekend and if they get jumpy, we'll bring them right back," McCoy suggested. "Sytar will stay with a complete stranger for a weekend if food is available, and he remembers you from the ship. He would be willing to spend whatever time with you that he is allotted. Sanaa is not as content to try new things, particularly new people." McCoy looked at Nyota, with Sanaa on his lap, swiping to the next page of the PADD, on her own, impatient with waiting on him to do it. "Is it really her, or does Spock have separation anxiety from her?" The doctor asked. Nyota whispered, "Believe it or not, he's this way with all three of them. If they aren't in Vulcan custody, he is not agreeable to…" Suddenly, the cheered, "OH! Styik will go. He can be the responsible party that you trust to keep the children in order." She looked at Spock and he tilted his head with slightly raised eyebrows.. "That means that's agreeable," she told McCoy "I actually understood that Spockism," he chuckled. Sanaa sighed and swiped the PADD to the next page again. Spock came into the quarters to an empty and quiet living room. It was unbelievably off putting. There should have been an educational program on Styik's portable computer, a children's program on the television with Sytar interacting with it and baby's toys creating a chorus of noise. He did not receive a collective of silent excitement about his return home, reports about their days and silent affections from his infant. The children's rooms were clean and vacated, but they weren't in their parents' room bombarding their mother, as they would usually be when not in the living room or their own compact rooms. Nyota wasn't there either. A transmission alerted on his computer. "Spock…" He went to see Nyota on the screen, leaving her classroom, as she reported, "I had to hang back to help a few of my students out, but I figured since Leonard & Janice have the kids, I could pick us up some takeout. Any requests? I'm picking something up before I come home." "The children are staying with the McCoys for the entire night?" He asked, calmly. "We said the weekend. I was certain that you were right there." His eyebrow raised, "I was certain that you and Leonard were practicing the human habit of 'thinking out loud.' I did not believe that these were actual plans." "Believe it. I'm trying to get busy all night Friday and sleep in on a Saturday." "Get busy?" He repeated. "Have you to put me to bed? Like, however many times my body wants?" She said with a flirtatious smile into the monitor. He raised an eyebrow, "If you intend to manipulate my concern about the children with the promise of unlimited sexual gratification…" "I don't intend. The sexual gratification is definitely happening. And they're with Dr. McCoy and Janice, not like… Kevin Riley or something. I sent them all of everything that you would from optimal bedtimes, to the specific Vulcan-Human hybrid nutritional guide that you constructed with observance of the intersections of what they need and what they enjoy." She added with a bit of laughter, "Janice looked like she had agreed to take in an exotic beast by the time I finished." "That last comment detracts from my confidence in her to care for our children for three days." "Styik is with them." That eased his mind. "Overprotective much?" He opened his mouth to refute it, (because protectiveness should not be measured, but given fully as required, and required precisely as much as he gave) but she said, "I'm going to get something from that Ethiopian fly through, then I'm going to come home & give you an exorcism." Spock immediately attached the moniker to a technique in which Nyota engulfed his scrotum into her mouth while simultaneously massaging his prostate. She called it "an exorcism" (because of a combination of the sounds and movements it brought out of him and the spraying orgasm that followed.) She stared at him, with a smile, knowing she'd just won everything for the night. "Very well. I will be naked, clean, and waiting in the bedroom." "Rawr. Uhura, out." She said, out of habit before disconnecting. Nyota spent all of Saturday morning & afternoon in one of Spock's shirts with sex hair. It reminded him of life before children when she would make plans such as, "All I'm consuming today is cereal and sex." He smirked to himself as she poured a bowl of cereal. "What?" She wondered, eyeing him amused. "Your sex marathon food selection has reverted to old ways." "Sex marathon? Are you kidding? Last night was awesome, but today, I am soaking my body, milking my breasts and going on a slumber quest." She began to eat. "I'm not the woman I was, where I can spend whole weekends sheathing your sword, Spock." He folded his arms. She was in better shape than she had been previously, but he did not argue with her. Instead, he asked, "So, you would turn down being treated to grocery duty?" Now, she smirked into her cereal with sensations of Spock's mouth between her buttocks, while he held her cheeks, with her unable to move while he dined… "I will let you think about it while you soak in the bath. I am going to look over some reports." He went to his desk, glanced at the image of them at Sanaa's one month photoshoot and said, "I will also seek an update on the progress of the children's weekend." "They're good. They had berry pancakes this morning, Sanaa had some organic fruit puree that she apparently ate within moments. Sytar had a potty accident last night, but only because he'd forgotten where their potty was and went before he had a chance to find them & ask. Janice let the babies sleep in the bed with her. Styik took the couch. Dr. McCoy had to go into a late shift at the infirmary, but is sleeping this morning so that they can go to the mall today." He turned in his seat to look at her. "Thank you. Next time, consider allowing me to assess these things myself." "Well, it was the first thing I did when I woke up. I hadn't even climbed out of bed. You were already up, showered, meditated, had eaten, and whatever else you did before I finally came up for cereal. I figured that you'd have checked on them first thing, since you were so bothered by their absence." "I waited, because I estimated that you would wish to be present for such a report." She smiled bashfully. "Thank you. Sorry, it was just my first impulse. I'll be sure that it's a team thing next time. You can still call and blow them kisses!" He turned around in his seat again, not even dignifying that suggestion with a response… Though he did make that call. Janice answered, "Hi, Mr. Spock." "Yeoman," he acknowledged. "I simply called to say hello to my children and ascertain that they are well." Leonard approached the transmission with Sanaa on his side. She bounced happily when she saw Spock. He pressed his lips together briefly, then spoke to her in Vulcan. Sytar rushed over too. His hair was a mess on top of his head and he was holding, in each hand, a handful of what Spock presumed was the berry pancake he had been told about. He babbled in broken Vulcan, responding to/repeating Spock. Sanaa reached for the screen. "We will see you tomorrow," Spock told them. "Where is your brother?" "Sleep," Sytar said. "At this time of day?" Leonard fussed, "Said he never gets a chance to ever sleep in on weekends like Earth boys, because Earth things are a culture outside of his household! I told him that he's on Earth and has ¾ of Earth in his parents. So, he's going to give it a try." "Vulcans have no need to sleep in,"Spock said. "He's a kid. A lot of the things they do aren't entirely out of need, Spock. We'll have him call you when he surfaces. Don't give him any flack." Now, Nyota cleaned her bowl out, put it away and walked passed, giving the McCoys & kids a glimpse of her passing by to go back into the bedroom, though she was trying not to interrupt. Janice smirked at the floor when she noticed her condition and soon Spock ended the transmission. They spent some time doing a few other things around the place after she bathed, pumped and failed at napping. Spock finished assignments. Nyota checked her work messages. They made plans to eat out for dinner and call the children again, as a couple, before bedtime. "I am honestly bored out of my mind. I thought that this weekend would be relaxing and fun, but honestly, I just want to trouble the kids to see what they're doing. My personal time has already gotten old." Nyota said. "We already take into consideration moments of personal time. I have been extremely prudent in including the necessary breaks for self care and mental health into our daily routine over the years, making adjustments with each life change for our entire family dynamic." She admitted, "I underappreciated your gifts in exceptional time management." "Literally the only pleasurable alternatives that I do not schedule are sexual commitments, as I learned within our first year of marriage is something humans experience based upon mood and not scheduling. I see no other choices but to fill in the space with work or other avenues of valid time consumption." "Kids free weekend is something we need to plan for in the future," she suggested. "As I told you, I did not take the idea seriously when it was being discussed." After a moment, she offered, "May as well do the sex marathon thing." "Childless weekends could officially be uninterrupted coitus expeditions, barring no other plans are made, such as weekend getaways or conventions, to be cancelled at your discretion, depending upon mood." She reached out to hold his hand in agreement. "I'm just used to sex on budgeted time now, I guess. Grocery duty when a baby might be awake and hungry at any moment? An exorcism when a toddler might insistently knock in terror that the door is even locked right after a bad dream? And speaking of bad dreams, last time we were Midnight snacking and I had to snap out of fellatio mode because of the screaming, accidentally scathed you with my teeth, then couldn't respond as quickly as you had and ended up rushing to Styik's room naked and confused as to how you managed to get into shorts and by his bedside after having been toothed on the rod, before I could even get my naked ass up." "I am Vulcan." "I didn't like mixing my mutual oral pleasure with a climax of terror instead of orgasm." She laughed uncomfortably, "Then Styik felt bad, because he felt like he interrupted our personal time! I knew that I was never going to be comfortable doing that again when he apologized for 'ruining our Midnight snack!'" Styik always knew when there was sexual innuendo in their regular language. He did not know exactly what all their phrases meant, and even though Spock shielded any emotion and Nyota did her best to do so, he realized that things such as "a little tea before bed" was not tea at all. ESPECIALLY when nobody made any damned tea! "Taking Midnight snacks out of our bedroom culture was regrettable," Spock commented. He had insisted it would be fine when she was pacing their bedroom, that night, still naked after they'd gotten Styik back to sleep. "Do you want me to accidentally bite it off next time? I'm too scared to risk that!" Of course, she was still frazzled, as Styik had not had such a reactive nightmare in a long time, combined with the guilt of having "hurt" Spock when alarmed and the disappointment with having her cunninglingus instantly abandoned before completion… "That was a rough night for me. I felt like a bad mom for naturally wanting favors from my husband and not being able to as effectively snap into mom mode when needed." "Illogical. You abandoned your pleasure without concern of caution or worry about exposure. If anyone reflexively responded, it was you. I simply was more swift, but definitely operating logically as opposed to your motherly instinct." She moved closer to him, "You big romantic."
I have been rewatching TOS in my downtime from focusing on activism efforts and it has just been: A. Giving me the necessary breather I need from social justice subjects and activities and B. Inspiring me to push out chapters. Hopefully, this mood will continue through completion of this story. BUT, I just want to say that I am so delighted that there are still folk who want to receive portions of this shoddy little AU. Demanding Schedules The Enterprise's corrections were completed. Spock entered the ship with Kirk and McCoy to assist with the diagnostics. He tried to decline, but they both insisted to the point that he finally realized that it would take less time to diagnose the ship than to convince them that they did not need him to do this, as there were several officers capable, particularly their chief engineer. Upon completing diagnostics, he tried to leave, but was told yet again that he was needed elsewhere in the ship. "Captain, Doctor, I wish to remind you both that I am not currently assigned to the ship. I understand your penchant for nostalgia, however, I will return to the ship within the year and you will have all of my service to the Enterprise at that time." "Just come see this," Kirk said and walked off. McCoy gave Spock a small smile and followed. Spock went for it. He was already aboard. He might as well finished up before they left. He came to a hallway, where Kirk instructed him, "Open the door." Spock sighed, but lifted his hand and heard the computer reply, "Welcome Home, First Officer Spock." He raised an eyebrow. "Part of the new accommodations!" Jim cheered. "You've officially got Starfleet approved family quarters, now. The kids are right next to the main quarters and I wanted to let you take a gander and observe what you think about it all." Spock inspected the quarters. The portion of space per person ratio was optimal. The expansion of the living room, dining area, and master bedroom were spacious, for Starfleet quarters. "I appreciate it, Jim. Nyota will be pleased." "It isn't nearly as big as what you've got on the Starfleet campus, but Styik said that he would be able to help optimize the space, since you'll be often working," Dr. McCoy said. Spock nodded once, then wondered, "Did you bring me here under the guise of diagnostics to show this to me?" "It was more like two birds with one stone," Kirk said. Spock stared blankly. "Yes. Yes, I got you here to surprise you with the renovations." Spock tilted his head, "I do not react to surprises. You could have simply told me that you wished to show me the new quarters, and I would have responded in the exact same way." "We know!" McCoy and Kirk both said exhausted, at the same time. Spock simply raised his eyebrows, slightly amused and walked away with his arms folded. As Supervisor of Alien Languages Studies, Lt. Uhura did more work with directing teachers than she did teaching students. She did have lectures and seminars to complete in that role, but for the most part, her audience were other members of staff (educators in particular). Now, she needed to spend a lot of time getting prepared for a convention, which coincided with the departure of the Enterprise from headquarters and Spock commanding a scientific expedition, and the memorial anniversary of the destruction of Vulcan/attack by the Narada. Styik asked, "Am I to be responsible for the children for the next four days?" "No, of course not," Nyota answered, "We'll bring in assistance if our schedules are too much for it." "They don't trust very many people. The Enterprise is leaving, so I won't have a familiar sitter to assist… Sanaa has been irritable with the amount of new faces and emotions and conversations that she has had to endure with the ship being here," he said. Nyota paused her work and and gave him an exhausted smile. "I'm sorry, Mother. I don't mean to interrupt your preparations. I simply am curious to know what exactly is required of me. I understand that both your work and Father's work are important to Starfleet and that as your children, we will sometimes have to be in the care of others. I just want to do my part." "Your part is kid," she told him, with a smile. "You haven't mastered it yet. Just, relax and I promise, we'll have somebody to be here. A professional, if need be. You have finals to complete." "How are we to get all of the things that we need done in the time that we are allotted?" He wondered. "Prioritize," she said. "And… Spock and I will do that much. You just do whatever you have on your schedule and let us handle all of the grown up stuff." "I am concerned that your priorities don't match up with Father's." "Don't be," she told him. "You need anything else?" He shrugged his shoulders and sighed. "Perhaps a go on the emotional modulator." He felt stressed out, no matter how much she told him to relax. Fortunately, Sytar and Sanaa were in their playpen (which Sytar could climb out of, but usually was content to stay inside and play, if he was put in there.) Nyota nodded her head once and played her recording, to perfect her speech, as she searched for examples of the frequencies that she was discussing on the report. As Chief Advisor in the Department of Scientific Studies, Spock had opportunities to conduct a lot of his work via transmissions, conference calls and recordings. He rarely had to be on site for many of the assignments, and those that he did need to travel for were never longer than a few days. Being expected to be at several different events generally caused him to have to ascertain where he was mandatory or simply preferred and offer his presence accordingly. For instance, his input was required for a scientific expedition of a planet that seemed to have more variations of unknown plants than the Federation had ever located on one planet. He arranged to be able to conduct conferences from a science station, where all of the findings would be sent to him for evaluation and all of his responses, would be via transmission. Other areas that he was requested such as the memorial service, the United Federation of Planets Xenolinguistics Expo, and the departure of the Enterprise were all completely optional. As a former Advanced Phonology instructor, he had only a portion of interest in xenolinguistics conventions, and typically only ever made appearances at anything related to the department as Lt. Uhura's plus one and more oddly to him, "moral support." The Enterprise would depart and not be seen again for over half of an Earth year, when he and his family would likely have to journey to a space station for pick up from them to reintegrate into ship life and duty. Approximately six months of distance was not enough to contribute to a relevant opportunity to engage, for him. As for the memorial service, he had avoided most of these pretty regularly, in the past. Having been on the ship, and otherwise occupied, he had managed to miss every single observance of the lives lost on the day that Vulcan was destroyed. Nyota had tried to bring this subject up to him, but in his haste not to think about the pain, he had dismissed most of her inquiries as a subject that he did not currently have time to dissect. Fortunately, he had committed to an assignment coinciding with the celebratory events , among other things that he had not realized at the time would be closely scheduled. Sometimes, a custom of humans was to make different events near each other, in order to give opportunities for more humans to be able to participate. If there were all of these mandatory events for different careers and departments held in close proximity, more people would be available to pay their respects during the memorial observation. Spock had made his peace and said his goodbyes and he did not understand why anyone wanted to reopen their own wounds, especially those as emotionally fragile as the human contingent. He entered their home later than usual. Nyota had already given the children dinner and put them to bed. She was now seated at the computer, working on her plans. In order not to disturb her, he avoided announcing his presence. Her ears were extremely well working, so he was sure that she had heard him and would address him, if she felt it necessary. Whenever she finally made it into the bedroom, several hours after her usual bed time, Spock relaxed his shoulders and stared straight ahead, seated on the foot of the bed. "Are you going to be okay?" "I was simply waiting for you to be finished with your work, so that we may collaborate on how to handle upcoming events and manage our time with the schedules that we have." "Right… I was thinking that maybe with the memorial anniversary coming up…" Spock winced. "I just want to remind you that you have an entire family here, ready and willing to support you, should you find yourself emotionally compromised in remembrance." "Are you willing to handle preparations for visitation?" He asked. Her heart jumped. Spock never asked her to make plans. Sometimes, she would occasionally volunteer, or take it upon herself to make plans that he then adjusted to make them better; but usually, he did not actually personally ask her. "I sure can," she said. "I will look into it first thing in the morning." "Thank you, Nyota." She yawned, climbed into bed and patted the space next to her that Spock generally kept warm. He reached for her hand and she gave it to him. Then, he crawled into bed, curled up near her and cradled the hand. In the morning, Nyota woke up, with Spock still harboring her hand, which was now asleep and tingly. She gently removed it, causing him to blink awake, but he did not respond or get up yet. She left him to lie down and Styik looked at her as she passed by his room, "What is happening?" He wondered. She thought for a moment, not wanting to further stress Styik about adult problems, but soon replied, "The anniversary is coming up… That seems like the wrong word." "The memorial," Styik suggested. "How are you holding up?" She wondered. "I didn't spend much time on Vulcan. It was my mother's home… I never got the chance to make it my own. Everything I know of it is from borrowed memories. Besides, my home is where this family is, be it New Vulcan, Earth, or the Enterprise. You're my home; therefore, I am fine." He gave her a small smile and returned to his morning routine. She had arrangements to make, unable to believe that in all of these years, they had not made the time to ever commit to plans for the memorial. Usually, she simply observed the time in silence, with her giving whatever type of support was seemingly needed of her. Many were lost, but generally, Starfleet did not specifically prepare for annual observances, as they endeavor to journey forwards. But, a new situation would be in this year. Now, Spock was here, on Earth - the place that he referred to at that time as "the only home he had left." Aside from the Enterprise, this was her only home. She had almost watched it be destroyed in the same way… but Earth was saved, and memorial grounds were set aside and spaces were made for all of those who did not make it. Among all of them was Amanda Grayson, who even if she had not been a Vulcan citizen at the time of death, would have gotten recognition as one of the fallen. A Vulcan diplomat's wife, a teacher, a woman from Earth, a human… Spock's mother. Nyota pulled her PADD out of her bag to begin her plans. After all of the children were fed breakfast, Styik offered to get the smaller ones cleaned up and ready for the day. "He really needs you right now. I have never seen him this way." Spock was still in the bedroom, meditating. He had worked late to be able to begin later today than usual, so that he could review plans with Nyota before committing more time to things which they had not agreed upon. "So, I used your typical work hours for the four day science event that you'll be in the laboratories for… I omitted the thought of you making an appearance at my event, altogether, but will have the kids there with me for that. I was able to get a sitter for the latter portion of the night, as I'm sure that you will likely work over…" "I will endeavor to collect the children from the event," he said, softly. "I will notate that. They want to send off the Enterprise, so I'll see to that with them. I've already let Captain Kirk know that your schedule is full that morning, so the ship won't expect you. And, I set aside Sunday to visit the site. Most of the observatory traffic will be downsized as the convention and expeditions end and the voyages begin. I cleared your day and contacted everyone in your records to let them know that I have set that date aside for memorial observation and that if they needed you, it had better be an emergency. I was more tactful than that." He stood up and removed his robe to put it away. "Very well." "You're more than free to jump right back into work when we leave the site if you should choose to do so, but you haven't taken any personal time off since the wedding, so I think that they'll be okay for a day." "They shall," he said. "Are these plans agreeable, or would you like to look over them?" "I trust you above all others to make the best decision, in my favor," he said. "Good… because I might have told the captain that he and Dr. McCoy need to try to visit you and cheer you up before they go." She rushed out of the room before he had a chance to insist his regret in trusting her. He merely sighed. She knew what he needed and he needed his friends. Whenever he made it out of their room, in uniform, she was clearing everything from the table that the children had left on their way out. She had a spill-proof cup of tea and didn't look up at him, for not really wanting to have to go back and forth about whether or not it would do him some good to spend time with their shipmates. Instead, he simply said yet again, "Thank you." Her "You're welcome" was in the form of a kiss on the lips before she hurried out to work.
I couldn't find the name of Sulu's daughter anywhere, so I just gave her a name. "Bella" so, that's that. If she has a name some place, I'll try to go back and change it. Friend Dates A friend date was not actually something that he was willing to ration out time for, no matter what Nyota said. Instead, Kirk and McCoy met him in the lab, as per his wife's suggestion, along with, "You might have to force him out of there by distracting him from the work and annoying him into going with you." He was looking over the day's findings and constructing his reports. "We have permission to take you, and there is no way that you'll be able to work through us as a distraction," he heard as they entered. "On the contrary, Captain - I would be able to work under any condition, permitted that I am conscious and not restrained. I have worked through your distractions for many years. It is not preferred, but certainly possible. It is in fact, business as usual when it comes to you," he said. McCoy pointed out, "It's the sass. You know when he's going through secret emotions because he has the sass." He whispered to Kirk, "Got that little gem from Uhura herself." Spock commented, "There is no sass. Whatever Lt. Uhura may see or notice, I assure you are within the confines of our personal lives." "Well, if you're feeling nothing, guess that means that you don't care that we're here and will be here, having chats and trying to include you into conversations," Kirk told him. "I do not care, Jim." He paused and finally glanced at them, "But, I am willing to see your plans through." McCoy translated, "Uhura wants him to come spend time with us and he doesn't feel like having to hear her blame bailing out if he stays in a foul mood." "That is not accurate, Doctor." Spock told him, but he noticed Kirk and McCoy both nodding their heads. "I will come to a stopping point shortly and you may guide me to your distraction for a total of two hours." "What if the time gets away from us?" McCoy asked. "Illogical, Doctor. Time works within constraints. It will pass as it does on Earth," Spock said and logged out of the station. "I will be notified if any data requires immediate review." Nyota was happy to visit the Sulu household and felt bad that she had not come over in all of the months that she had been on Earth, but finding time to go to Yorktown was not really feasible. The only reason that she was doing it now was because Hikaru had insisted that she at least stop by before the ship left. "Ben has friends, of course, but it would be nice for him to rub elbows with some of my friends every now and then," he'd said. She had only met Ben a handful of times, seeing him more in holovids than person and their daughter grew like a weed, now only nine was as tall as Styik and extremely popular and friendly among her classmates. When Nyota came with the kids, Bella was eager to play dress up with Sanaa. Apparently, she had a lot of dolls around her size and just knew that she could fit their clothes. "Bella, she's a person. Not a toy," Ben said, before going to the kitchen to work on supper. Nyota told Styik, "Just… Keep an eye on that situation for me." "Certainly," he replied and he and Sytar followed the girls into Bella's room. Hikaru mentioned, "I'm afraid that she tends to get used to getting her way." More quietly he said, "Ben spoils her when I'm not here." "That the two of you make this work still amazes me," she said and shook her head. "Well, you were going to do this once, weren't you?" He asked. "So long ago that I couldn't tell you today what in the world I was thinking. Not that I can tell you that right now. It's like… I get so day-to-day focused that I miss the passion and drive that I used to have. I love the kids. I love my family. When they aren't around, I don't know what to do without them, but… I mean, at least some of the time…" "Let me just tell you this… IF you had to be without them. If you had a situation like ours where Ben's work is just as important to him as mine is to me and therefore, we just can't live together, even when the years are long apart… You would spend every day wondering how they are. I wouldn't trade the bridge of the Enterprise for anything in the world… But, if I had to do it for them… It wouldn't even be a choice." He poured her another cup of tea. "But, that better never happen." Nyota picked up the tea and mentioned, "My family still thinks that at any moment, some galactic terrorist will destroy the ship. My parents were considering coming back to Earth to be around the children. I had to insist that didn't happen." He laughed. "Well, at least a couple of yours are entering into safe time. Styik and Sytar will soon be old enough to leave a ship and go to safer areas or old enough to stay on without it being a burden." "Burden is hardly the word that I would use." "Having to spend twelve hours with milk leaking from your breasts because you were stuck on the bridge for three days straight and no personnel was available to fetch you a pump wasn't a burden?" He asked and sipped his tea before she had a response. "Well… You know, that was a good opportunity for Sytar to give formula a try and opened up the thought processing that got McCoy to request a breastmilk replicator." "Sounds like trash." "It tasted better than the formula, but not as good as the real thing." They both laughed. "Styik will eventually leave the ship to study on New Vulcan. In my mind, I hear the conversation happening three fold. I have to imagine a voice for Sanaa, since she still refuses to speak, but I imagine all of them, with their dad's poise coming to me one day and just saying, "Mother, I have chosen to select the Vulcan way." And, I don't know… There is some relief in the thought, along with some fear." "Well, Mr. Spock selected the Vulcan way and he turned out so well that you married him. Besides, New Vulcans are different than what we were brought up to believe. The last shore leave that we had there, we went to New Hope and there is now a children's fashion example for styles at one of the stores." "Like, the ones where they send models to different places, based upon their body type… That seems much for a children's department. Does that not fall into child exploitation… or child labor?" "No, the children are more along the lines of child celebrities of the modeling variety." "I haven't been to many stores like that. I think I only saw one when they first started it." "It is nice. You just step into the scanner for your body type one time, then they have you in the database. So, you could put a shopping list from your computer into the store data slip and within moments, you have an entire lineup of similarly shaped models to show the outfits you're interested in. You don't realize how much more convenient it is than trying on something twice, taking photos, sending it out and waiting for responses. And if you don't have a pre-made shopping list and you're browsing the store, you scan it in store, like a registry and by the time you make it to the display rooms, they have it all to either start your fashion example, or collect the garments for you to try on yourself, if you still prefer that." "I literally order everything that isn't a gift," Nyota told him. "That's definitely me too!" He insisted. "Like… shopping? Lines? I prefer street vendors any day." "You tend to put your credits into hobbies, though. I don't have any excuse. I just hate going shopping." "I thought I would enjoy it more when our daughter got older. I enjoy it less. She always wants to look into everything and see if she wants it." "That is Sytar! He actually has began saying, "Hold onto this," when he picks up something in the store that he's sure he'll want us to get. Then, there has to be a discussion about touching things in the store. THEN, he has to prove to Spock why it would be useful before they'll even move on to the next aisle." "Do you shop with the whole family?" "No. I order, I told you. I order clothes. I order learning tools. I order toys. The only thing that I usually go to market for is garden groceries on campus." "I've tried to explain to Ben a thousand times that starship people aren't into shopping." "We get so used to not having to do it! Anybody who can spend several years not having to go through those motions to get their needs would never want to go back to that." "Unless it's a street vendor." "I love that they have the product, an example, and credit collections right there with them." Spock was not fond of entering their home very late, because at least two of the children had hearing as sensitive as his own and because he believed in a certain order within the home. Nyota was in the living room, with a wine glass in her hand, seemingly on a transmission as she quietly stated, "And while many logical critics may see xenolinguistics as too theoretical, many of us have used this study as both a scientific advancement and a beautiful art form that connects species of all types through the most important form of communication - language." She removed her earpiece and glanced at the clock. Spock immediately reported, "It was not my intention to remain away from home for so long." "We had dinner with the Sulus," she told him. "And an on ship breakfast date with Janice and Nurse Chapel tomorrow. I think that Jim's set to have Sytar, McCoy's set to have Sanaa and Scotty and Chekov have Styik… but… In all honesty, we're probably all going to be sitting in the same little cluster." "Is this an invitation or a report." "It is what you take it as. After we send the ship off, I'm going to go right into work. The children are going to get on the family shuttle from the ship with Ben to go to daycare and school." "Very well," Spock said. She put her earpiece back in and he went to his computer to log into the science station without the hassle of Jim and Leonard willfully disturbing his monitor. A cluster was seemingly accurate. Nyota next to Janice as Christine sat across from her. Sanaa was on Leonard's lap, as he in between Janice and Jim with Sytar on his lap. On the other side of Nyota was Chekov and Scotty, with Styik. Spock approached and sat next to Christine, who oddly was the only person on this side of the table. Nyota looked at him warmly and smiled across the table at him. The children were excited to see him, as he had been in the lab and coming in late for most of the time. "Good morning, Mr. Spock. We didn't expect to see you." Nurse Chapel told him. He bowed, respectfully and informed her, "I have caught up with all of my work until the next findings are sent to me and chose to simply do all of my current calculations while I engage with the personnel." She gave him a fond smile, turned to see Lt. Uhura staring at her, and faced her food. Spock turned to his wife, "The children are making memories with family and friends. It is acceptable that I should make myself a part of this one." Janice was feeding Sanaa as she said, "I'm so tempted to stay here, train for officer and just love on this baby until it's time for you to come back to the ship." Spock raised an eyebrow. "She's joking," Nyota said. Janice looked up at Spock, smiled and shook her head. After breakfast, as planned, the family watched the starship leave, and Spock and Nyota walked the children a the shuttle designated to take the families of crew to and from the ship and headquarters, along with Ben and Bella. Nyota hugged all of them and went with Spock to the academy. "I have so much work to complete," she said. "Now that that's done, I can get back to the routine." She looked at the ground. "You seem to be displeased." "In the weeks that they were here, I got used to seeing them. Parting ways was hard. Going back to the daily standard is bittersweet." "I believed that you prefer Earth's standard lifestyle to any other, while mothering small children," he said. "I like that I never have to choose between being a mom and being an officer. I like that there is less pressure on Styik to babysit. I like that we get to have a schedule and a routine to teach them some stability and they never have to worry about bolting down for unexpected turbulence or being exposed to atypical dangers in space… But my life is on a starship. My life is on the Enterprise." "Your life is inside of your body. Your family is here on Earth." "If the Enterprise meant more to me, I would be on it, like Sulu. It still means the world to me. Just… not as much as what we have does." "If you were interested in an early return to the ship, I would be open to that discussion." "The purpose for these leave of absences are specifically for the parents to get the time to rear the infant and develop connection with them." "You begrudgingly took the mandatory one year and did not even consider the possible three year leave, which most mothers do. You said yourself moments ago that your life is on the Enterprise." She couldn't tell if this was disappointment, anger, giving her a hard time, or honestly thinking that these were just the facts. "I was not saying that I want to go halfway through my leave and break the growing connection between myself and my baby only to be reunited with my kids and husband later and having them wonder why I left them with the least emotional person that they know for seven months." "You seem to be angry." "No. I was just talking about my feelings and it wasn't meant to become commentary on whether or not I want to be here! When I decided to start a family, I knew that meant that I would have some decisions to make about what to do with it. I made the choice." She was frustrated, but smiled at him. "I worked hard for many years for a certain life that I knew that I wanted and I made sure that I got it. It is on the Enterprise. Some years later, I have a different life, that I also made, but at the moment does not line up with the life that I went above and beyond to mold. That's what I meant. Even this family was created on that ship and will return to it. Because, that is where my life is - where our life is. I want to be there, but I am here, because this is what's best for our children, right now." "You wish to be on the ship, because of your feelings, but you are with us because of your obligations." "Stop analyzing my words and listen to them. I want to be with my family, so I put my life on hold to do it." He opened his mouth to remind her that not only is her life not "on hold" but it is ongoing and what she does here will affect what she has on the ship, but she topped it off with, "Chuck it up to that human thing that we do call thinking out loud and let it go. It is far too illogical for you to tackle." He smiled softly at the ground and she turned quickly to try to catch him. She missed it. She knew that she saw it in her peripheral, but it was gone now. Spock looked at her, blankly and told her, "I do believe that I understand the concept of having multiple places to be at once, and selecting that which is of the most importance. I do not however subscribe to the desire to do something other than what is most important, more beneficial, and therefore…" "Logical," they said in unison and she nodded, knowingly.
I don't wanna make a habit of answering specific questions on the updates, so if y'all have questions, please log in so I can reply - as I usually don't mind explaining where my headspace is for a certain story, if I failed at expressing the tone properly. But, I did feel it was pretty important to explain, if this was confusing: Nyota is where she wants to be, because she loves her family. She just would prefer to have them all on the ship, especially after spending time with everyone. A lot of career women find work relaxing & home life stressful. Her stress is speaking, because she has a ton of things to do… and none of them are on the ship that she feels like she belongs on. She's not confused or bitter or regretful. She's simply multifaceted and not all of her joy is wrapped up specifically in her family alone. I don't think that she's the type of person to find her entire identity in her family, yet I think she is the type of person to do what is best, which currently is be with her family. Hope that makes sense. The Visit Spock had been awake before everyone. He did a bit of work before Nyota could catch him, meditated, lit candles all over the quarters, and made breakfast for all with quality tea. When she got up, the children were already started on their day and at the table with him. She furrowed her eyebrows in pleased confusion, "You got everything handled." She almost made a joke about nervous energy, but didn't want to upset him on today. Years ago, she had accidentally stumbled upon the fact that Amanda's death was around the same time as her birthdate, and been told, "It would be appreciated if you did not pry into the subject of my mother's personal information." She hadn't meant to do that. Honestly, she thought that she was misunderstanding something or that someone accidentally observed Amanda's birth instead of her death, but got the days a little bit mixed up… Sarek informed her that perhaps around this time of year, Spock's human side was tempted to react to these details and his Vulcan side was trying to keep it under control. "He would most definitely not select to push you away or become secretive with you under normal circumstances." Presently, she sat at the table and grabbed a plate. Spock said, "Everything is still warm." He sat, with his fingers steepled, but not eating as he watched her fix a plate. "It is a well balanced meal, but I also believe that I have learned to provide the amount of seasonings, which I have observed you utilize without measurements." She smiled. "It smells delicious. Did you already eat?" He didn't look like he had even bothered. "I am not hungry," he said. "I was awake before I intended and I have been given a day off, per your request, from working. Spending the time that I would have been working on work towards my family is as good a method of spending time." He lifted a spoon towards Sanaa and she ate. Styik was eating silently. He already missed having Scotty and Chekov around. Nyota wished that he would make some friends here, but his position on that was that it did not make sense to make friends for a year and that it would take too much energy adapting to Earth's expectations of friendship. She folded her hands and looked around the table. "Everybody seems to like everything." Sytar smiled widely and nodded his head. Sanaa simply batted her eyes at hers and waited for another spoon from Spock. Nyota pinpointed the location of Amanda's gravestone and programmed it into her device before they ever left and made a run to the garden to select a very large bouquet of flowers. Amaryllis for splendid beauty, which you had, but more importantly - worth beyond beauty. Gladiolus to symbolize strength of character, faithfulness, and honor and signify remembrance. Agrimonia for thankfulness and gratitude, as I could not have the family that I have without you. Flax because I feel your kindness everyday through your living son, Spock, my love. Michaelmas Daisy for farewell... "Would you like to include oak leaves for bravery? A lot of sympathy flowers include those for crew members?" The clerk asked, interrupting her thoughts on the flowers she had researched and pre-selected before coming to the garden. Nyota thought for a moment, before answering, "Um… she was brave, but… She wasn't crew. She was on Vulcan and human. An educator and an ambassador's wife… But she lived on Vulcan. She wasn't a visitor." "You mean Starfleet's Vulcan's human mother? I heard that she helped to make the first universal translator! Well, what about almond leaves… for wisdom?" Nyota smiled and nodded, "That'll be perfect," she said with tears in her eyes. The clerk prepared the order and wondering, from her reaction, "Did you know her?" "I know her son," she replied just as Spock and the children came to the counter. She turned to him, trying to put on her strong face and change the subject, "Did you check out the section set apart for the plants that were found during that expedition?" "I browsed," Spock said. The clerk looked up at Spock, observed the children, then understood as she handed the large bouquet to Nyota, "I am deeply sorry. For your loss." Spock informed her, "All of the lives that were ended that day were done at the hands of the Romulan Nero. There is no need for your sympathy." Nyota handed him the bouquet and began to gather the kids as she lipped both an apology and a thank you to the clerk, on Spock's behalf. Nyota led her family to the human observatory, with Sanaa tucked into the harness on her chest and Sytar in her arms. When they found the appropriate grave, she said, "Usually, humans just present the flowers on the gravestone. Spock stood for a moment, reading the short report on the stone that just did not encompass the woman who raised him. It spoke of her general relationships, her career prior to marriage and a synopsis of her character. Nyota's flower selections said more about who she was than this stone did. He kneeled and placed the bouquet on the gravestone then stood up, unsure of what he was expected to do next. Nyota moved closer to him and reached for his hand. She feared that she may have reopened old wounds, bringing him to the place where a stone had been set for his mother's memory, knowing that her body was not among many others who had been given a place in this setting. Nyota said, "I know that you think it is illogical to visit such a place, but she would have loved the flowers, Spock." She pressed her face against his chest and Sytar reached out and touched her cheek, a look of concern on his tiny face. This made her laugh, a little, and Sanaa began to squirm, uncomfortably. The emotions of the day were probably a lot to handle for her. Spock collected himself on that observance, disconnected the harness from Nyota to place on himself. "This place is made for humans. From the observances, to the flowers, the visits and those that we have witnessed speaking to the stones are all for the benefit of the humans left behind. Today meant more to you than it does to me." "Today meant a lot to me, because I know that it would have meant a lot to her," Nyota said. Spock tilted his head in agreement. She took his hand again and told him, "You've dealt with her death as is typical for Vulcan. That was her home, but it was not her life. She was human. We can treat this like the humans do." Sytar said, "I like the humans. They're nice and they care about me." Spock raised an eyebrow. Certainly, there were Vulcans who cared about Sytar, as well. His father, himself, Elder Spock, Styik and at least Vulrak, outside of the family. But, then again, it could be confusing to a mostly human child the nuances of Vulcan culture and behavior. Styik broke into his thoughts with, "I wish that there was a place to honor my mother's memory. There is none. There is none on Earth, nor on New Vulcan. It is not our way." "She is in the katric ark," Spock reminded him. "That is not a place that I am allowed to visit," Styik reminded him. Nyota offered, "I will have a spot set up for her on the ship, along with Solak and Saada. That way, you'll get to have such visits with her, if you so please." "Do you think that Uncle Jim will allow that?" Styik wondered. "If not, I will bother him until he does." "It's just that so many people on the ship have lost loved ones at one point or another. Usually, nobody gets their losses so heavily emphasized. I thought that the only reasons those small memorials were there was because of the nature of the loss and the fact that so many people on the ship were looking forward to the first babies." Spock mentioned, "Actually, there have been babies born on the Enterprise. Many parents have gone to space stations and colonies to raise them off of a starship. There are even vessels with childcare, schools, and family wards. We decided to do something else. To "stay at home," as your mother calls it." There was a bit more silence before Styik admitted, "I would appreciate it if it is possible to add for my mother. I will understand, if it is not possible." "I will see to it," Spock told him. Styik nodded, once. Spock's nervous energy that Nyota didn't want to speak about seemed to have worn down a bit by the time he made sure that the children were in bed safely and comfortably at the end of their night. He was still tending to that when she heard the doorbell sound. It was a delivery…? She allowed the door to open and the person smiled and presented her with flowers. "I'm sorry… There must be a mistake." "Delivery for Nyota Uhura," the delivery person claimed. "That is me. Thank you." She brought them in and looked at them. "I browsed," she remembered him saying. She put them into water and removed the data slip from the ribbon tied around them to immediately put into her PADD. "Rose of Sharon: consumed by love, double aster: because I share your sentiment, blackthorn flower - due to the difficulty of this day and this process, with leaves of arborvitae, for unchanging friendship…" She withdrew it, with a small smile and turned as he entered the room. "You browsed?" She repeated. "Your claim was that my mother would have liked the flowers. Once, my mother suggested for me to bring you flowers. I was unsure if you remembered this, but as I never forget - I believed it to be appropriate on this day, even more than it was at that time." "Well, that time, I wasn't able to do this," she said before planting a kiss right on his lips, then rubbing the gloss onto them with her thumb. "She changed my life. I only met her once, but she changed my entire life when she gave me her blessing." Spock shut his eyes and pressed his forehead to hers. "That changed my life, as well."
First Words Was she going to speak? She had never been as expressive as Sytar. She had not really made much sounds after she got over her crying phase. Sytar began speaking a little bit before he was five months, saying "Styk," "Fada," and "Mah" around the same time, in that order. Soon after, he was able to hold unintelligible conversations that Nyota understood with her great ear. And was well over one before his words began to be understood by people outside of family. "She's definitely more advanced than he is," Styik said to Nyota, in the campus gym. "I think that she's more reserved, but he was communicating more and sooner," she said, rolling her neck in a circle to stretch. "He also ate easily, slept well and liked things. They have different journeys, but I am positive she's quicker than him in the mental department. She's just more selective of her sharing." Styik was bouncing up and down and practiced a few swings of his fists. "Well, I think some quality time with Sytar and Spock will be good for her. The three of them never really find themselves together." She told him, doing lunges. "I disagree. I think that the amount of attention Sytar demands at all times will frustrate her, because she's used to Father tending to her whenever she desires… because you're always there to see to Sytar." Styik now shook his fingers, hands, wrists, arms, and all the way up and down with those isolations. "Or you. Wow. Sytar does demand a lot of attention." She paused from stretching her leg all the way up over her head and let it fall with a slap against the mat. "More since her birth. I'm not convinced that he wasn't the reason she cried so much the first few months. Probably sensed his jealousy." "But… they'll be fine, though…" She hoped. She gestured with her hands for Styik to come at her and they began their hand to hand combat practice. Sanaa pulled herself up onto her mother's dresser and studied the reflection, at the angle that her position allowed. People always commented that she looked like her. Clearly, she looked like her father. More clearly, she looked like her brother. Not the good one that she adored. The one running around the living quarters, insisting that Father "Can't catch me." Of course he could catch you, if he tried. At any rate, Spock was quickly walking around, cutting off Sytar at certain points, then allowing him to make another dash. Sanaa looked at the vanity, glanced towards her brother and father - both were busy with their own business, and she decided to make a climb. She used the drawer handles to hoist herself on top of the dresser, then began going through things. Makeup, fragrance, jewelry - most of which she smashed against her skin, unceremoniously, she put a pearl necklace on top of her head and it slid to drape her shoulders. She put a bracelet onto her arm and it fell right back off. She looked in the mirror at her finished product. NOW, she looked like her mother. "OH MY GOD!" She heard Sytar say, then his feet running over. "You messed up. You need contour!" He began to climb up too, but heard Spock clear his throat and froze. "Sanaa did it. She did it all." Spock told him, "I am aware, as I saw you enter." Spock walked over to them, hovering above both as he pulled out a small device and captured an image of them. He wanted to laugh. It was trying to erupt from him, but he held it in as he sent the photograph to Nyota and Styik. Sytar interrupted the message with urgent news, "Father, you can't send that! Sanaa needs contour!" Spock replied, "I am not familiar with that, therefore I can't help her." Sytar proceeded in climbing onto the dresser and grabbed a brush and a compact. Out of sheer curiosity, Spock simply watched. Sanaa was staring at her reflection while Sytar did some things to her face, to "fix" it. "You have to blend…" He rubbed the lipstick a bit more evenly on her lips. Then, he said, "I can't do highlight. You like it, Sanaa?" Sanaa stared at herself. Spock saw a complete albeit undeniably adorable mess. "Yes," Sanaa said and smiled at herself. Spock caught that image and sent it along with the caption: "This is the shot after Sytar's contouring skills were attained, which followed with the first known spoken word." Nyota quickly called, "WHAT?" She exclaimed, on her hands free as Styik slammed her onto the mat. Spock heard him say, "Oh… you're on a call?" "It was yes," Spock said, "She likes the contouring, although Sytar admits his shortcomings of not knowing how to highlight." The amusement in Spock's voice made her want to cry as much as the rest of this did. Spock heard Styik reasonably ask, in a low voice, "Why would you get onto a call in the middle of our practice?" She showed him a holo of the image and he snickered. Spock used the camera to let her watch the rest. Sytar said, "Now, what you need is the updo. Mommy does the ponytail. You have to do the sheep tail." As he brushed her small afro, not really making it do anything but get brushed around. He put one of Nyota's ponytail holders on the top, barely making a puff and appraised his own work, "Stylish." Nyota sniffled. Spock was about to ask if she was alright when Sytar declared, "Pearls? With that lipstick?" And instead, Spock began laughing. Nyota and Styik did too, on the other line. Sytar, pleased with himself for his rescue of Sanaa's fashion goof moved towards her to remove the necklace. Sanaa frowned, hearing the laughter, not really understanding, but knowing it was because she had trusted Sytar, and now he was not only ridiculing her in front of their family, but he was taking Mother's necklace from her. She raised up onto her knees and gave him the hardest shove she could. Spock rushed over caught Sytar in time enough to prevent him falling, then gathered Sanaa in his other arm. "Spock. What was that? The camera is moving a lot. What just happened?" Nyota asked. "We have yet another child with a temper," he said. "I am going to wash her face. I do apologize for your vanity." "Happy accident," she said. "Styik and I need to finish up our routine and then I'll be back home." Styik commented, "Why did you even have your hands free connected?" "In case of an emergency," she said as she disconnected. And that had been! Spock would not consider it as such, but he knew that she would and even though she missed the first word "Yes" of all the things - She looked forward to hearing her baby girl's voice, now. Styik slammed her onto the mat again and advised her, "Stay focused. You're distracted." She wrestled him onto the mat and subdued him with a hold, "Am I?" She asked. When Styik and Nyota came home, still in their Starfleet exercise tights, Sytar and Sanaa were sitting quietly at the kiddie table, and Spock was reading something on his computer. Sytar jumped up and ran to Nyota to hug her and start talking about the excellent day that he had with Father and Sanaa. "I heard that it was eventful." "Does that mean awesome? Because, yes!" He answered. Nyota set him down and he rushed back to the table and said, "And that's how you tell Mother about your day." He returned to digital finger painting as Sanaa sighed. Nyota went over to pick her up too. "I saw your photos. You were really pretty. Looks like Daddy got you all cleaned up before I got to be a part of the fun. Can Mommy give you some more makeup?" She whispered, "I promise it'll be done right. You'll really like it." Sanaa sat for a while, and Nyota said, "Of course, you don't have to. We can do something else. Mommy's gonna take a shower, or I can take a bath and you can come splashing with me?" Spock looked up curiously from his computer and Styik made his way into his bathroom. "And after Daddy tells me about your day, we can have some ice cream. Would you like that?" "Don't force it, Nyota," Spock said. She blinked her eyes and kept them on her daughter. But now Sanaa was suspicious. Don't force what exactly? What was her mother trying to do to her? Makeup. Baths. Ice cream. These sounded like good things. But, there were so many that she couldn't answer, now. Maybe she could. She opened her mouth and thought a moment, moving her lips as Nyota stared at them with bated breath… "Baths?" She said, in a tiny voice. Nyota practically squealed, "We're going take a bath!" Sytar jumped up, "I want to take a bath!" "No!" Sanaa snapped and frowned at him. Nyota gasped and said, "Sanaa, that wasn't nice." Spock now approached, with his hands behind his back and announced, "This has been happening since the incident earlier. Apparently, Sanaa believes that it was Sytar's intention to make her the receiving end of a joke and she no longer trusts him." Nyota made an exaggerated gasping noise. "And she attempted to push him off of the vanity top. We have had a discussion about non-violence and temper control, however I believe that she is yet still too young to put them into practice." Now, Nyota put Sanaa's face up to her face and said, "Did Sytar hurt your feelings? He didn't mean to do that, I know it. He is the sweetest boy and he loves you so much! He wanted to help you look your prettiest. Sorry that Daddy and I laughed. It was because you two are too cute not to appreciate, not because you're silly. Now, we're gonna go bathe. Sytar, maybe another time, okay my talented little man. Mommy loved your makeup." Sytar said, "I can do anything. I am so good at things." "No," Sanaa mumbled as Nyota left the room with her.
You're Gonna Love Me Usually, Sytar made his presence known when he entered any space, worked to keep eyes on him for the duration of being in his presence, and finished all social transactions with a token of affection, affirmation or announcement which centered his feelings. The first year of his life, in addition to loving parents and the best older brother who talked to him all of the time and shared with him telepathically since his conception, he had a mansion to develop in, complete with servants. The second year of his life was as the first baby on the Enterprise - a ship full of people who had just been waiting for him for a couple of years, so that they could fawn over him, love him and appreciate him. The third was even better, because now he could talk better, move around by himself more, had so many friends on the ship, and still had the loving parents and the best older brother. But, that year was cut short. He was still living it, but now he was on this planet, housed at this property where there were various other children from many different planets that he went to daycare with and learned and grew with… but they were equals. He wasn't the same special boy that he had gotten comfortable with being, though he was still pretty popular and well liked by a lot of different lifeforms. Also, now there was Sanaa, who really he thought was like the Grouchy Grasshopper puppet that he watched on programming. The Grouchy Grasshopper did not get happy about things that made everyone happy. That grasshopper never smiled like the Beautiful Butterfly. It didn't even enjoy eating time like the Lazy Ladybug. To Sytar, that was exactly his little sister. At first, he was really happy to have her with them. He thought that finally they were getting a pet. It wasn't a bunny, but it was just as cute and it came from the same place that he did, so that made him feel connected to it. But then, it just cried for a long time. Then, it stopped crying, but it refused to ever be happy. Now, it was not happy nor was it nice. He had asked Father if they could return it, but was told that it was "both physically impossible and never going to be preferred, even in the event that it becomes physically possible." He had asked Mother if they could give it away and she had claimed, "We love your sister. She's ours forever, just like you." He had asked Styik if he even liked the thing. Styik had told him, "There is sometimes sibling rivalry when children are young. Either you and Sanaa will grow out of yours and become at least civil, if not favorable to each other, or you may end up like Father and his brother Sybok, engaged in opposition destructive enough to tear apart the entire fabric of our family." "But she would be the Sybok, right?" Sytar wanted to know. "I can't imagine either of you being Sybok, but I can see her being a diabolical genius, if that's what you mean," Styik said. Then added, "But, I can also see her being a genius priestess of all New Vulcan…" He shrugged his shoulders. "Those can be the same thing!" Sytar said, flustered. "True… But, hey… look at it this way - you're her older brother. Right now, she's a baby. She doesn't know anything. If you help to teach her things, she'll respect you more, even if she doesn't like you right now." "I want to be liked," Sytar said. "Of course you do. You're used to it. But, Sytar - not everyone is going to like you. Sometimes, people will dislike you and there's nothing that you can do about it. Even sometimes, they might dislike you for no reason at all…" "I reject this illogic," Sytar said and walked out of the room. Styik observed, "The one time he uses the word "illogic," it is to reject the fact that not everyone will like him." "Because I know I'm lovable!" Sytar called out, almost running into Spock as he did. Spock tilted his head and did not have to ask. "I'm on a mission. Sanaa is going to like me, because she has to. Because, it is not logical to not like me. Because, I am awesome." "I appreciate your self confidence," Spock said, then continued on his way to his bedroom. Nyota was using the breast milker when he entered, stating, "I am not sure what is happening among the children, but I am almost certain that I am concerned." "Welcome to my 24 hour rotation," she said and patted the bed next to her. He replayed the portion that he heard and she nodded her head, "That sounds like him. I wonder what type of drastic toddler measures he is willing to go to for this one like." "I will check on him momentarily." "Think you will need backup?" "Obviously, I can manage some concern about small children winning each others' hearts, or attempting to…" She peeked into Sytar's small room and saw him at his workstation, doing what appeared to be crafts. "Hey, Sy," she said. He looked up with glazed over eyes and told her, "I am the smartest child that you know." "You are pretty smart, but why are you telling me this?" She asked and came inside to get a better look at his work. "I'm making a gift for Sanaa." "What kind of smart child gift is it?" She asked, very engaged. "It is one so smart, she is going to say, "I like him after all. He is my brother and he is smart." What Nyota saw was what appeared to maybe be a stuffed animal… or a pillow with a face… and a board book of some sort. "On the one side is a friend to talk to and tell all the things that she doesn't say to any of us, OR - she can scream into it like Styik does when he thinks that nobody knows that he's upset in his room." He demonstrated screaming into the stuffed part. Then, he flipped it, "On the other side, she can record it, like a journal." "Like write it down? That is a smart gift. Just, make sure that you see Styik, and get him to be certain that it's reinforced, okay?" He nodded and continued working on it. She reached the nursery and Sanaa was seated on the floor, with a block dynasty in front of her. Really, with just a bunch of different stacks of blocks, organized obviously by color. Nyota was still impressed. "Hey, Sweetie." Sanaa looked up at her, but did not react beyond that. She came into the nursery, sat on the floor with her and said, "You know… your brother really wants you to like him. I hope that you can start to. I think it's hurting his feelings that you're like this. To be honest, I don't think that you dislike him, at all." Sanaa simply stared. "I just think that you're stoic, like your father. And I love him, in all his logical glory, so I love you too. Sytar is still young and doesn't get the differences. So, hopefully he will impress you." Sanaa's eyes went back to her blocks, as she began to make a neat stack of the purple ones. Nyota left her to it. Spock entered Styik's room to find the boys working on what he presumed to be Sytar's plan to win his sister's affections. "Status report," he said. Styik quickly reported, "We have managed to find a way to ensure that the gift does not fall apart. I introduced a coating on the screen to repel the messes that surely an infant will make on any screen and completed the wiring so that it acts as a touch screen." "I designed it," Sytar said, proudly. Spock asked, "And will this creation be usable by its intended audience." Styik shook his head 'no' behind Sytar's excited nodding of yes, and Spock neeled in front of the toddler, "I must warn you, Son. It is entirely possible that at your sister's age, she will not be able to utilize such an advanced gift." "She ulilized Dr. McCoy's PADD for medical lessons." "She may have been able to swipe the screen to reveal the next photo, but she possibly was unsure of what she was looking at or how to access the program. She is not as developed as you are yet." "She can talk now," Sytar said. "She tells it her things and it records and she swipes the screen to see the stuff!" He said, as though Spock were unintelligent for not getting how this works." Styik offered, "Since the foundation of this gift is an old speech development toy, I will be able to make it accessible to her needs." "Will she accept that this is Sytar's work?" Spock asked. Sytar said, "It is my work. Styik is support." Sytar turned away from Spock with an annoyed look. Styik appeared to be amused. Spock simply stood up again, "Well, your mother has had to do a lot of networking since the conference. Refer any needs or desires that you would normally present to her for my review instead." Sytar furrowed his eyebrows, indicating that he was not on board for that idea. "Sytar, I mean it. Your mother has had much more work to do outside of the Academy than I have. It is only fair that I compensate for the work that she does at home." "Ok, Father. Jeesh." Sytar said. "Please do not use undefined sound effects as colloquialism." "What?" Sytar asked. "Don't say 'jeesh,'" Styik clarified. Sytar fumed, "None of this is helpful, Father. I need results!" Spock bowed and left them to their work. Spock passed by Nyota in the living room, on the computer, speaking in Swahili under her breath and he went into Sanaa's room. The girl quickly stood up and reached for him. "You need to put your toys back where they belong, then I will lift you up," he said. "I can assist you, if you wish." She looked at the blocks, sighed and began to pick them up. Once they were done, she reached for him again and he picked her up and took her with him. By the time she was ready to begin dinner, Spock had not come out of their bedroom. She presumed that he was either meditating, or lying in bed gathering his thoughts. Instead of checking on him, she went to start dinner. They had leftovers stored. She honestly had emotionally drained herself into feeling physical effects, to the point that she was so tired, she had to take a moment to meditate quietly with her forehead resting against the fridge, say a short prayer, and take a step back before putting on a self motivating smile. Eventually, when she set the table and made Sanaa's formula, and nobody was coming into the dining room, she set out to find three small empty bedrooms before entering her own. Spock was lying in bed with two small children using him as furniture as they watched a program on character education, as represented by insects. "Are we having a Character Critters watch and nobody told me?" Styik teased, "Shhh. This is the one where Grouchy Grasshopper's brother Grateful teaches him about the merits of gratitude." "I love that one… There's dinner in the dining room if anyone…" Sytar jumped up and ran out of the room. "I know that he is the one who wanted to watch this." "Sanaa seems to enjoy it, as well," Styik offered. Nyota mentioned, "Well, she doesn't have a choice. She's about to eat." She reached for Sanaa and the girl stood on the bed to reach Nyota easier. Spock came up behind her as she put Sanaa into her high chair and asked, "What do you need assistance with?" Nyota simple turned around and rested her head on his chest for a long moment before he suggested, "Perhaps, you should go rest and allow me to finish here." "I think I'll just get washed up and join you all on the couch for a night cap," she said and made her exit. Sytar was focused on his work. "Sanaa, I have too much fruit in my bowl. You wanna piece of my fruit?" he asked, holding out a small chunk of strawberry in his palm to her. She grimaced at it. "Vulcans do not eat with their hands," Spock reminded his son. Sanaa turned up her nose and looked away from her brother. "You're killing me, Father," Sytar said and stuffed the strawberry into his mouth. "I wish you did not engage in human hyperbole in casual conversation. It could be misinterpreted by outsiders," Spock said. "Just, always with all of this," Sytar muttered and shook his head, grabbing his spoon. Bed time was near. Everyone had washed up and gathered on the couch for what Nyota called a "nightcap." It was basically, couch family story time. "I have a story!" Sytar said, bringing the gift that he and Styik had worked on with him to the couch. Nyota said, "You do? Well, I want to know it!" Sytar found himself a spot on her lap and announced, "It is titled 'She Shall Be Called Sanaa,' by Styik and Sytar, but mostly Sytar." Styik commented, "I only did mechanics and the title." Sanaa crawled over, intrigued and pushed unto Nyota's lap to see what Sytar had in his hands. It was a screen with kiddie drawn pictures. She slightly laughed as she looked at them. "Once upon my time, I had a happy family with Father, Mother, Styik, and me." She looked as his interpretative drawings of these events, though there were no words on the screen, so she guessed he must have it in his brain. "We lived on Father's planet, then his ship, then on Earth. I thought life was perfect and didn't need any changes. I thought changes only good when you get a present. And then we got a little Vulcan girl." He looked at everyone as they watched the mean faced Vulcan girl baby drawing he slid onto the screen. "She wasn't fun. She wasn't nice, and she didn't like me. Father said we couldn't return her. Mother said we couldn't give her away. Styik said we would grow to love each other." There was a drawing of the two small Vulcan children frowning at each other, "Big people are weird, huh Sanaa?" She laughed at this. Big people ARE weird, always expecting them to like each other! "But, even though big people are weird, they're in charge and usually right. So, as a big boy, I take my first steps to love my sister. Because, we're stuck with each other and I'm not gonna change. You might as well love me, Sanaa. The End!" Styik tried his hardest not to start laughing. Spock sat in quiet confusion. Nyota felt sort of sad. Sytar watched Sanaa's furrowed brows with excitement and anticipation. She seemed to be staring at him in disbelief as she snatched the gift from him. "Sanchu." She said. (Attempting "Thank you") Sytar smiled widely and got up, picking her up as he did. "Let's get you to bed!" Her eyes widened as he carried her away to her nursery and the 'big people' simply watched. Spock asked, "Was that all of the confirmation that he needed." Simultaneously, Nyota and Styik answered. Styik saying: Guess so. And Nyota's: Yep. "Should we check that they're alright?" Spock asked. Nyota held a finger up at him to hold off. They heard Sanaa shriek and all three rushed to the nursery to see Sytar had fallen onto the floor after obviously getting her into her crib. Her eyes were wide and her hand was reaching through the bar. He stood up, dusted himself off and said, "I did that on purpose." She folded her arms, not amused, but settled in her crib as he walked away confidently. When they had allowed the nursery door to shut, Sytar reminded the big people, "I told you I am the smartest child you know." Spock opened his mouth to comment, but Nyota just waved him off of it as Sytar strutter to his own room and Styik finally let out his silent laughter. Spock practically whispered, "I was simply going to say that we may have underestimated his determination in this effort." A/N: I lowkey wanna write a Spock's kids based New Vulcan story about the time that they spend on the planet when they're older and being educated and so forth, but I feel like I'd just fall off of it, unfairly. Would anybody even be interested in something like that? I know that they are heavily focused on in this story, but that would be almost exclusively about them, maybe with a sprinkle or two of Enterprise stories inserted. I've been re-editing the Many Faces (an elder Nyota/Spock story in this same verse) and I wanted to change some of the details that there was concern about when I originally posted it some years back before I ever repost it. Some of that involved years on New Vulcan for Sanaa and Styik, while Sytar chose ship life and Starfleet education, among other stories. Might be fun for me to push out some of those ideas...
In The Eyes of Sanaa Sanaa watched a lot. She noticed that people wanted her to engage in conversation, now that she could talk, but that simply meant to her that she should be more quiet. Unless someone was teaching her to improve how to say things, she was not committed to having those frustrating interactions in which she tried to say something and they guessed wrong 2-6 times before getting to the word to help her with. Things that she noticed through her observations?: 1. Despite his small stature and lack of purpose in her life, Sytar managed to get a lot of frivolous, counterproductive things done. For instance, on today, he cultivated his creativity by screen top artwork, then abandoned his device without turning it off so that he could play with his toy robots, which he also decided to strand in the living room, on the floor. He went into his room, causing much noise to the effect that she imagined a mad scientist constructing a monster. When he came out, covered in green goo and colored sand, she thought maybe she was not imaginative enough! He tracked the mess with him back into the kitchen and rewarded himself with snacks that he had not gotten confirmation that he could have. He slid her a portion of soft fruit for bribery purposes. She ate it, only because she knew if she left it there, it would be more mess for someone else to clean up. After all of that, he had the audacity to announce that he was tired and take himself to the couch for a nap. 2. Despite all of his responsibilities and desires, Styik spent a lot of time on damage control. Eventually, he emerged. She had gone to the entrance of his bedroom several times to gain his attention, but noticing he was busy, kept electing to come back. He entered the living room, looked at her in the walker and mused, "I hope that you never do these things." Just the suggestion was insulting and she intended for her entire face to convey that. Styik went to the kitchen to prepare her a bowl of soft fruit before beginning his mission of cleaning up Sytar's mess, waking him up to urge him to go clean himself and his room, while he was at it, and setting the living - couch and carpet as well, and the kitchen, covered in handprints and foot tracks to presentable order. "I am going to go back into my room to complete my research for my courses." He activated the baby monitor on her walker, "If he tries to repeat these antics, just push the red button for my attention." She nodded her head once and pushed it. "It works. Only press it when he messes something up." She pressed it again. "Sanaa…" Then he heard a small noise behind him and turned to see Sytar, dragging a bag of colored sand towards the trash, and creating a whole trail with it. Styik sighed, pushed her walker in front of the TV to turn on a show about a wunderkind doctor, exploring galaxies to take on xenobiology projects. Sanaa had seen this one… It was her favorite. There were Vulcans on it and they were not as kind to the child doctor as a lot of places were, but not angry… just not impressed. She enjoyed when she had a chance to see Vulcans in entertainment, because they had no representation usually. (She was too young to know that all Vulcans on entertainment programs were simply other humanoid forms dressed up to look like them). She glanced at her brothers to see Styik vacuuming the sand and Sytar pouring out his goo in the trash, but making also a puddle of it on the floor near the unit. She pressed the button and Styik jumped at alert in his ear and turned. "Sytar! Just… wait for help." "You said clean up my mess!" Sytar defended himself. "Yes, not to make more of a mess in trying to do so. I meant more along the lines of make sure your robots are put back in place, your activity padd is off and put away, and your clothes are changed into something that is not going to track all of the big messes back through our quarters." "So, you meant organize, not clean?" Sytar said. Styik angrily swallowed down his impulses and said calmly, through his teeth, "My apologies. You are correct. I needed to be more clear about my expectations, as Father would be. Proceed to organize and abort your cleaning project." And abort he did. He dropped the remainder of his play goo onto the floor next to the trash, tracked it back into his room… 3. Despite how tired she sometimes whispered to Spock that she was at the end of the day, Nyota did a lot of additional leg work in the house. This morning, she did yoga, began communications for today's delegation of duties, sent off all the laundry, completed the grocery and supplies orders for her family quarters, devoted proper credits to proper avenues of daytime childcare and Styik's computer courses, washed up, got dressed and prepared breakfast for her family. (All of this was prior to her work day.) Spock would comment that when he is scheduled to do some of these things that he will do them, but if she reached them first, she just "went for it." Sanaa had learned not to call out for her, even if she woke up hours before her "wake up time," because she had witnessed, at least in partial glimpses that her mother did all of these things, trying to finish them before it was time for her to do the whole "mother thing." Whenever she came to retrieve Sanaa from the nursery, she had either done a lot of this already, or let her sit on the couch while she got it done, sporadically engaging her in a smile or announcing what she was doing and how soon she would receive milk. Honestly, Sanaa just wanted her to maybe take a break, so that she wouldn't be so tired when she got home that she would be withdrawn from playtime. Nyota tripped over a robot and cussed under her breath, widened her eyes, looked to Sanaa and apologized, "Never ever say that word, okay? No no word. Bad mommy!" She picked up the robot, placed it front and center on the table and went to finish preparing breakfast. As soon as the boys entered, she asked, "How did I manage to trip over a robot this morning?" Styik sighed and Sytar simply sat at the table, as though not responsible for it. "I must have missed it, Mother," Styik said. "I apologize for not getting him to clear everything away." Nyota sighed and told Sytar, "Go put it away, please." When he happily rushed to do it, she complimented him, "Thank you, my big boy!" She asked Styik as she set plates on the table, "Do you need backup when we aren't here?" "Mother, with all due respect, it was one robot…" Styik said, not wanting to mention the hours he spent making sure that the place was immaculate after Sytar's commission to mass destruction in every room. Sanaa wish she had the words in her vocabulary to testify on his behalf. Nyota nodded, understanding. "I know. I know. But, you do have a lot on your plate and if you need help, I need to know, so that I can make arrangements." "At my age, no Vulcan child should need of assistance in the home without parents. I am not far from manhood," he said, indignantly. She sighed, having not thought about that. He was 12 now… He had only a couple of more years or so before he reached puberty and with his Vulcan genes… "Don't bother yourself with anxiety, Mother. I am more than capable and more than happy to be responsible for the children when you and Father are not home." Sanaa folded her arms and looked at him with disappointment. He ought to give an honest report of the shenanigans of Sytar. "Sydar bad." She told him. "He's not bad. He is, well… human and a toddler. It isn't his fault." He explained and pulled her arms free. She folded them again and turned away from him. "Where him?" She wondered. Nyota called, "Sytar! You got that robot put away, Son?" He came running back and had some kind of mess in his hair. Mother laughed, "What is this?" She wondered and picked it out. "No kinds of crafts before daycare, and you'd better clean up anything you messed up before you leave." "Of course, Mommy," he said sweetly and dug into his breakfast. "Sydar bad," Sanaa whispered before Nyota handed her a bottle of breastmilk, so that she could feed herself that while Mother collected the kitchen items to put into the wash. 4. Despite commonly not being the most active of the big people, Father was the absolute smartest and most efficient. Spock came into the kitchen and said, "Sytar, I've just passed by your bedroom and you've made a mess. Pause on eating your food and clean and organize it. The quicker you finish, the quicker you may finish breakfast." Sytar rushed to do this. "I will check on you to be sure that it is acceptable," Spock added and took a seat at the table. "Styik, Tirza sent me a message that you made unlikely errors on yesterday's assignments." "I apologize, Father. I must have been distracted," Styik said. "Sydar," Sanaa gurgled, getting milk on her chin and frowning about it. Spock glanced at her, then looked back at Styik, "Well, if your brother is becoming a distraction that gives way to error on your assignments, we will provide additional support for him." "Father, I can…" "It is our responsibility to parent the three of you. You are not required to help raise our children. We have been placing an obviously unfair workload on you in allowing you to do so." Styik sadly replied, "I feel like I have failed you, now." Spock reached for Styik's shoulder and said, with no emotion, "It has been our mistake to ask you to pick up slack in parenting. You have made your mother proud and I see no failure in any of your efforts. I am more concerned that your lessons be untarnished than your childcare exploits." He removed his hand and looked at Sanaa, "Thank you for looking out for your brother. He has gotten used to being someone who looks out for everyone else and forgets himself." "This is utilitarianism, Father." "I appreciate that you are concerned with such values. This characteristic will benefit you greatly as an adult. Right now, please refrain from self sacrifice in order to allow us to pick up extra hours at work or sleep in later in the morning." Nyota furrowed her eyebrows, but didn't refute that or look at him. But, Sanaa noticed. Sytar came back and said calmly, "Father, will you check my room to see if I did this right?" Spock got up to do so. 5. Despite all of the things that everyone did around the place and the fact that Sanaa did nothing, everyone made sure that she was tended to… Spock often brought her with him to his computer while he was working, so that she might take in some of it, or just to keep her out of the way while Nyota helped Sytar with crafts or Styik worked on a project. He talked to her often, shared with her mentally, fed her, cleaned her up, and such. As she had already observed, Nyota would bring her with her as she took care of business, too. Sometimes, in the harness, and she always explained to her what was happening. Not once did Sanaa ever have to wonder what her mother was doing, probably because she couldn't communicate with her telepathically, or because she just loved talking, but her voice was very soothing and it did give Sanaa comfort that someone felt the need to speak with her, even though she knew she wanted her to talk back. Styik made her feel important in that he seemed to trust her to communicate with him, in what she thought of as an assistant capacity. If course, she did not contain this vocabulary, but she did know the feelings she felt. Styik was to her, a third parent. It was going to take her some time to separate in her head that even though he was one of the big people… he was apparently… one of the small people? He was to be cared for and raised, like her and bad Sytar. She tilted her head at that realization and reached her hand out to him. He gave her a semi smile and touched his fingers to hers. Spock came back and reported, "I am pleased. Resume your breakfast." Sytar asked politely, "Will you rewarm it for me, please?" Nyota moved in to do so, and Spock stifled a sigh as he sat down again and began to feed Sanaa her formula. "I intended to do that," he commented. "I'm already up," Nyota said. "Have you eaten, yet?" Spock wondered. "You ought to know that I haven't had the chance yet," she said, with a smile, but Sanaa knew that was no smiling voice and tone. Spock offered, "I recommend taking a seat, allowing yourself to eat and I am more than capable of finishing up anything else that is needed this morning." Sanaa said, "I help," getting formula on her chin and frowning about it. The smile that brightened Nyota's face at her voice was alarming, but very nice. She came over to the table, kissed her on top of her curly hair and wiped her face, "Thank you, but Mommy's got it!" She went to grab Sytar's food and place it back in front of him. Sytar, lowered his head, like she sometimes did, said a short little grace under his breath and finished eating. Spock picked up Sanas's empty dishes, got up, took them and everything Nyota had in her hands and said, more sternly, now, "Eat." She threw both hands in the air with a smile and went to do so. He informed her, "And, I will be scheduled to wake up two hours before you, so that you do not overwork yourself when it is my turn to maintain these tasks. We created the agenda for reasons, among them - you experiencing burnout from exhaustion. This is especially illogical because you have a Vulcan partner, whose body and mind can endure both of the obligations that we share combined alone; therefore, for you to volunteer yourself to…" She stuffed a piece of fruit into his mouth and sat back down. "Got it, Commander," she told him, as Styik chuckled silently and Sanaa just observed. 6. Despite the tension that Nyota's humanity sometimes brought into the room, everyone was whatever that whole happy thing people talked about was. Nyota and Spock would debate over who was responsible for what… both attempting to take a load off for each other and for Styik, but they pressed their faces together a lot, too. Sanaa was told that was something that happy people in love liked to do. She didn't know about any of that. She didn't like anybody within a foot of her face, unless they were coming with a spoonful of something good or an interesting video or something. Not their bodies. Unless it was her parents. They got a pass because she was allowed to sleep on them, in a harness or just on the chests or laps. It was much more pleasant with Father, because he was comfortably warm. But, Mother was softer and smelled like pretty things, so that was nice too. Styik, while vexed about constantly picking up after Sytar, also regularly laughed and played with him. He had a chance to see a Vulcan boy grow up in a healthy environment and have happiness, something that he himself did not get to have at Sytar's age (and one of the main reasons he was so eager to offer his provisions. When Sanaa watched him tickle his little brother, or give him high fives, or lift him onto his shoulders through a chorus of laughs, she did not respond or react, but inside; it was nice to see that even though Sytar made a mess of Styik's life on a daily basis, Styik still wanted him in it. That was that whole… love thing she was told about again. And, she figured as long as he had Sytar to pick up and toss about and playfully tackle to the floor, she never had to worry about such horseplay being brought to her personal space. Suddenly, Sytar said, "DO SANAA!" And she knew that for a moment, her eyes went wide, because Styik looked at her in her walker, slowly backing away and told Sytar, "She doesn't like that. She likes, you know… like quiet and order." "She's a baby like Father," Sytar said. With that one comment, Sanaa accepted that maybe, she was happy with this bunch too… Yes, even him.
Since it's been a while on seeing these Vulcans: Zytok - Vulrak's younger brother who was at the institution with Styik (and fa child that he was afraid of for a time and became friends with after Ashaki's recovery), Luxtria - Styik's bondmate, who was also at the institution, and a formerly unnamed Vulcan nursemaid that is now called T'Pliya Vulcan Bestie As Nyota walked into Starfleet Administration, she was greeted by her team of three, with responses in order of priority, notes on the schedule she had planned for the day and invitations and engagements with deadlines, for responses on them. Since the convention, she had to schedule a seminar tour, organize several minor conventions at different Starfleet education centers, arrange inservice tutorials for not only communications officers, but xenolinguistics professors, and still manage the program at the academy. Now, she was going to get some well deserved time off and spend it with friends and family. When Nyota wrapped up her business in the communications lab and looked at the glowing green four day weekend that she had earned after all of her hectic schedule, she smiled and headed for her office to collect her things. She heard an alert for a transmission and watched the identifier to see where it was coming from - Vulrak. With a relieved sigh that it wasn't more work, she opened it. "Hello, Ambassador Vulrak." "Lt. Uhura," he said with the slight bow of his head, "I have finalized plans for the upcoming…" "Friendcation," she said, with a smile. "Gathering," he corrected. "I have sent Commander Spock the coordinates of the property that we will have for the week, along with the references of the caretakers and groundskeepers. The proprietor will arrange for three transports to be on site, included with the accommodations of the unit, and my assistant will be present to ensure that only the most urgent of interruptions reach us." "Sounds like you and Spock have everything figured out," she said. "No thanks to you," he joked, deadpan. He pulled up images on the screen of a luxurious courtyard type area with dog like embellishments, and said, "Arev will be pleased." He showed her a camping lodge, with a playground, bunks, and individual bedrooms, "There is boarding for all of the children and caretakers to gather in one space and individual rooms so that you and Sir Spock can enjoy solitude." His face appeared on screen again. "I have been working like a mule to get everything that I could possibly be bothered about out of the way so that we could do this. Spock is going to be working Friday and Monday, but we've got him in between. But, he will of course have his communicator on him, just in case." "He's very important in Starfleet," Vulrak understandably said. "Your family has made it clear that they will be stopping in at least by Sunday, and probably staying through the night. There is enough room for this, as I acquired a location to account for any and all of your loved ones interested in an Earth voyage. Unfortunately, of course Ambassadors Sarek and Spock will not be able to make this particular trip, as they have pressing requirements in New Vulcan." "Will they be able to send along Suzak with you?" She wondered. "I am sure that I can accomplish that." "So, in a few hours, I'll have my friendcation!" She cheered. "Why is this a friendcation instead of a family reunion?" Vulrak asked. "Because the whole family can't be there. I mean, is it a reunion without the ambassadors and company?" "Is it not?" He asked, right before one of her assistants peeked into her office. "You're still here! Great! There are some sounds showing up on a few of the frequencies that I wanted to send you for a quick listen, if you've still got your earpiece?" "Send it through, and nothing else, because I am headed out of the door," she said. Almost as soon as the assistant went out, Vulrak's assistant pressed his door alert. "Yes?" "Ambassador Vulrak, your brother has an incoming transmission and is becoming impatient with my logical advice that he simply wait for you to conclude your current business to speak with him." "Send him through my personal," Vulrak said. In unison, he and Nyota said, "End transmission? End transmission," and disconnected at the same time. Thursday Evening As the children selected their beds and Nyota set up the crib for Sanaa, she heard, "Lady Nyota, I will be available and pleased to give your daughter the same care as was given to your son during your stay with Ambassador Sarek," the Vulcan nursemaid said. She looked at Sanaa and said, "Hello, child who is called Sanaa. I am T'Pliya - a reputable nursemaid for your family's house." She lifted a hand to the baby to offer to her and Sanaa, feeling friendly, Nyota guessed, or sensing the woman's calm and order reached out to touch her hand. "You are able to trust me with your well-being, if you consent. I will receive you from your mother." She reached out her hands as people often did to invite Sanaa to come to them and she went. "Is there anything I can do for you, T'Pliya?" Nyota asked. "Please do not refer to me as a "baby-whisperer," as humans frequently do, Lady Nyota." "I will say nothing to inconvenience you," Nyota vowed. Vulrak commented quietly, "She is though. Did you see what just happened? I have met Sanaa three times now and she has never willingly come to me. Most Earth girls find me charming." "Earth girl?" "Sanaa was born in Earth's atmosphere, onboard the Enterprise, unless my information is faulty." "She was, but have you met her? That girl's personality was molded by the sands of Vulcan. That's why she went to her. She's attracted to even Vulcan faces with calm expressions that remind her of her father." "Like.. Dr. McCoy?" Vulrak asked with raised eyebrows. She opened her mouth, closed it, then said, "He was smart and used props to lure her in." "What type of props?" "Photos in medical journals." "By the sands of Vulcan, indeed," Vulrak said with a smirk. Nyota was giving him some grief about the gray hairs he was starting to get when Styik approached and politely asked, "Is it alright for me to go outside and socialize with Zytok and Luxtria?" "Of course. Honey, this is a friendcation!" "That is not a real thing, Mother." "Which means," she said ignoring his suggestion, "That you get to spend as much time with your friends as possible. Nothing dangerous." "Nothing dangerous for Vulcans," he agreed and nodded, then rushed off with the two. "Wait, what?" "They will be fine. Sytik is a very good monitor, I have tracking on Zytok, and the caretaker will keep watch on them from a respectful distance," Vulrak told her. "He is here to make sure that Luxtria does not wander off or come to danger, since she doesn't really call for help - but with all Vulcan guards, he will take care of his ward and if able, their company." She looked at the children, outside of the lodge, all seemingly just standing around staring at each other. "That I could build them room on Enterprise to have their loved ones from New Vulcan and our availability of Earth - THAT would be the lifetime achievement." "I still reserve the right to believe that you would be happy on a colony, helping to form civilization," Vulrak said. "Ugh. Me settling on another planet? I barely like to visit for too long. Change of subject, where did Zytok get that alarming scar across his neck, that none of us are speaking of?" "From something that none of us speak of," Vulrak said and looked out of the window, too. "There just are not yet enough female Vulcans to secure a mate. Especially for someone like Zytok - with V'tosh ka'tur heritage, history of mental defect, and a violent personal record? One day, he will go into the caves to fight, and I will never see my younger brother again…" As though sensing them, Zytok, Styik and Luxtria all looked up at the window, at the same time. Nyota waved, innocently and Vulrak just backed away from it, shirking suspicion. Styik folded his arms and Nyota left the window, too. Nyota asked quietly, "So… he's a kid…" "An adult, technically. He has gone through the change," Vulrak said, knowing that the other Vulcans within hearing range were likely uncomfortable with this being discussed. "But, he had to fight his way out? I didn't realize that they were still doing that." "There isn't much choice. It is alarmingly likely that the same may happen for Styik…" "He has a bondmate, though." "Who is mentally defected and underage. I don't know that even if she goes into the caves with him that she will be responsive enough for the connection or physically strong enough for the consummation." "Oh, God. I didn't even think about the fact that she won't experience it when he does! Well, with their minds bonded, won't she like… sense his pull when he needs? Oh, but that doesn't solve the issue of she will be 11 or 12 and not going through bodily changes herself quite yet. These are the things that might have been considered before you talked to him about that arrangement." "Trust me, Spock and Styik considered everything. Styik is not likely to lose a physical fight, unless you have somehow managed to soften him up on Earth." "I just want him to stay young and innocent longer." "He's not a human, Lady Nyota." Suzak and Sytar were exploring the playroom, while T'Pliya was showing Sanaa Vulcan medical journals on a PADD. "I heard you say that she is interested in this," she said, as Nyota passed and nodded. Enthralled was more like it. Friday T'Pliya kept Suzak, Sytar, and Sanaa. The guard kept Zytok, Styik, and Lutria. That just so happened to be the way that it was going, with check ins from Nyota, because Vulrak had briefings with his assistant in the mornings, right after meditation and exercise, and she would collect Spock from the Academy after work. Nyota slept in for the morning and rose a short bit before noon to find the older kids with Arev in his pet sanctuary and the younger ones at the outside playground. When she was ready for the day, Vulrak was in the common area of the lodge, setting up a 3D chess board. "Are you about to play this?" She wondered. "I am setting it up, in the event that Spock wishes to play. When was the last time he might have engaged in a game?" "Probably about a month and a half ago when the ship was here. I think that he and the captain play." Vulrak said, "Then, he's probably due for another game." "Tweens are in Arev's animal fortress and tots are playing outside. Want to come with me to collect Spock?" "He's not going to work overtime?" He joked. Spock powered his office down and walked down the hallway to the meeting point. By the time he reached the jeep-like transport that Nyota was sitting in and Vulrak was leaning on, he marched over and promptly stated, "I apologize. I was intercepted several times on my way to the vehicle." He bowed gracefully to Vulrak and moved into the vehicle, next to Nyota and she greeted him with a kiss as Vulrak jumped into the backseat. "Apparently all of the available office hours that I have are inconvenient for everyone else, to the point that they find me afterwards, to engage me with questions and concerns." "You're so sweet to address them," Nyota said. "It is a part of my duties to address them." "Mine too. I still tell them to send me a transmission and I'll get back to them when I make it back to my office. I don't even miss a step when I tell them. I paid my dues at Starfleet Academy. They can pay theirs too, by getting to me at an acceptable time and allowing me to have the same type of breathing room that they would like." Spock glanced at Vulrak and wondered, "Do you circumvent anyone when you have the ability to assist them?" "All of the time," Vulrak said. "I say, 'As ambassador, your concerns are very important to me. I will address them as soon as my schedule allows." "This is logical in situations where the example or assistance is time consuming or very detailed, but none of these were. It was simply, a collective a various small concerns." "It is up to you, Sir," Vulrak said. Nyota complained, "And, I seem to remember you being a stickler for your office hours when I was a student!" "I made you come to my office for office hours because you were aesthetically pleasing and admirably intelligent." Vulrak chuckled and asked, "To make sure you kept it strictly business and didn't become interested in her romantically?" "Not every intention that I have made has come to pass," Spock admitted with a slightly amused inflection in his voice. Saturday Nyota woke up to the feel of Spock's hot hands wrapping around her body and she pressed herself into an erection and turned over to look at him, calmly lying down. "Good morning," she said, shuffling closer to him to rub herself against it. He smirked and just pulled her to him. "Is somebody asking me for something?" she teased. He simply tilted his head, tentatively touching the side of her face, before sliding his other hand up her nightgown. She shifted to climb on top of him with kisses and giggles as he helped her out of the gown and she reached for his night shorts. They were kissing quite heavily when Spock suddenly gripped her very tightly to stop her and looked towards the door. She turned to see Zytok standing and staring and she quickly covered herself. Spock said calmly, "It is completely inappropriate for you to be here." He slid Nyota off of him to get up and guide Zytok back to the children's bunker. "I came to see if you wanted breakfast," Zytok said in a monotone voice, looking back curiously at Nyota. "Your human wife… Does she have younger relatives? Her genes appear to be extremely well put." Spock tightened his grip on Zytok's shoulder and said, "I regret that she does not have anyone, but I agree about her well put status." As they reentered the common area, Styik sighed and held out his hands, "You vanished!" (He had stepped up to the idea of keeping watch of Zytok, despite the fact that he was younger). "I went to see if your parents wanted breakfast. Your mother is very nicely built, for a human," Zytok said. Styik wondered, "Wait… you saw my mother…" Spock assured him, "It is of no consequence." Zytok said, "Well, you say that, but your pulse, grip and body heat say differently." Spock patted him on the shoulder and left with clenched fists. Styik shook his head, "You can't just go to their room, Zytok. Humans apparently have a lot of sex." "Not just humans. Vulrak does, as well. Vulrak's woman is not as well put together a your mother…" "You can not say anything else about my mother's body, Zytok." "Her face, as well." "This is Ashaki's daughter. This is like your sister, in a way." "Not logically." "I am uncomfortable with it." "I am sorry." Zytok wouldn't say anything else about this and Styik felt a little bad that he had not just said that in the first place. Nyota had Sanaa in her harness as she slid down the slide, cheering, "Weeeee!" Sanaa's eyes would widen, then shut and she would bounce up and down, silently. Sytar followed, then Suzak, and they all laughed. T'Pliya saw with the guard as Zytok and Styik practiced some hand to hand combat and Luxtria brushed Arev's fur coat with her fingers and rested her head on his back. Spock and Vulrak decided to stay inside and play 3D Chess. "I am deeply troubled that it happened. Zytok has become curious about anatomy and biology, especially since…" Spock looked at Vulrak suddenly enough that he realized that Spock was in no way interested in discussing such matters with him. Instead, he rerouted to, "I've been speaking with him on facts and technicalities as I await an approval of a clone for him. Currently, the status is that he is not deemed worthy of a clone. He hasn't had proper education. The remedial education that he is now receiving he does not excel in… His learning level would be average for perhaps a small human child." "What aged human child?" Spock wondered. "Tirza leveled him at perhaps a nine year old human child's pace… That was the last that she even bothered to work with him. Dr. Uhura has gotten a human special needs teacher to work with him one on one, but it makes him feel inadequate and he often has tantrums and can't concentrate because of that inferiority complex. My critics have referred to him as my disadvantage." Spock visibly frowned at the use of that word. "I simply want him to be able to have a future that doesn't involve always having to answer to someone. I want to see him be happy and set goals and reach milestones. I don't want to see him end up on Elba II." "With you as his guardian, I am confident that he could be assisted to become fully functional," Spock said. Vulrak offered a smile, "I long to see that happen. I did not get to see Sivak become a man." Spock lowered his eyes. Vulrak speaking of his teenaged son who perished on Vulcan was deeply personal information that he did not think he was connected enough to be privy to. "You… lost a son. Doesn't it make you feel like you must work harder to raise Styik and Sytar properly?" Now, he was prying. Spock sighed. "The situations are vastly different. The miscarriage was not a fully formed born infant and had not already lived a short life, seeing through his own eyes. He was still in utero when he was lost. Your son was a man. He was working, bonded, contributing to society." "I never got to know any of his contributions or even his characteristics or interests. My exile prevented that." "This is another detail that I believe influences your anxiety over directing your brother. When I think of Styik and Sytar, I hardly ever bring Solak to mind. He was lost before he was ever had, and while that was a painful loss; I have never been one to focus on what could have been. I think of Styik and Sytar both as individuals who I want to put my values and teachings into, but with the knowledge that perhaps neither of them will accept my ways. Instead of having dreams of what I want to see become of their lives, I simply supply them with all of the tools that they need to make logical decisions for themselves and eventually, I will see whether or not they do so." "You have no anxiety about it, whatsoever?" "They have a human mother for that," Spock said, casually. Vulrak scoffed. "I meant no offense, only an observation." Vulrak laughed and waved a hand. "No, you're right. I'm spending this time worried about his next pon farr or whether or not he will be able to get a good Vulcan job… It's just fortunate that he is alive, that he has gone through so much and not given up and that he is making friends and trying his best." Spock simply replied, "I do not think that I spoke of those things, but as you wish." Luxtria walked over to Sanaa, as she crawled on the grass and she stared at her. Sanaa paused crawling to give her a look, wondering if she wanted or needed something. The guard asked, "What do you need Luxtria?" She stepped closer to Sanaa and Sanaa moved to stand up, to see if the girl maybe wanted to pick her up? She didn't know what this smaller big person was doing. Luxtria held her arms out, as she had witnessed the adults do to obtain Sanaa. "Luxtria, back away from the human infant." Sanaa and Luxtria both stood still with their arms out, as the rest of the group seemed to notice their interaction. The guard moved to gather Luxtria, but T'Pliya held his arm to see what would happen. Sanaa moved ever so slightly, as she would when in the walker. She had a feeling that this girl was not going to move for her, and maybe this was the girl's way of extending the choice to Sanaa. Sanaa placed a foot forward and Nyota gasped, and when she placed another Nyota immediately called for Spock. When Sanaa made it the four steps to Luxtria, her legs buckled and she almost fell, but right at that moment, the 10 year old moved quicker than anyone had ever seen before and grabbed her to keep her from falling on her backside. But, then she simply held her out in front of her, not even looking at her. Sanaa stared curiously at the girl, honestly having no idea what was going on, but soon, the girl was moving her towards Nyota, with her extended, same blank expression and still no words. Nyota collected Sanaa and smiled at Luxtria, "Thank you, Lux." The girl walked towards Styik, with Arev next to her and Sanaa staring curiously at her. She had not even bothered her for a departure gesture or quote… A/N: Bear with me, because my family has been affected by Hurricane Harvey and whenever I wasn't hitting Facebook trying to get all the information I could and help as many people from Beaumont and Port Arthur in my power, I have been typing maniacally to try to distract myself from all the suffering on my dash and this storyline became a long, whole thing that I had to break down into different chapters.
Vulcan-Bestie-In-Law Zytok was stretching his arms, like a yawn, but just stretching when she stopped in front of them. Styik folded his arms, unsure of what type of greeting you give her after that. "That was incredible," he said. "Those were her first steps. You have been able to become a permanent fixture in one of her first life events." For a very brief moment, her eyes made contact with his and just when he was going to become excited about that, she turned her head and sat on the grass again. He clenched his fists and sighed. "What's wrong?" Zytok asked. "I think she wanted to communicate with me just now, but she didn't know how to." "Just use context clues. Maybe, appreciation. Unless it was awkward for her for you to announce that she is now a permanent fixture in your little sister's life. I don't know what kind of Vulcan is in there." He bent over, staring at her with his hands on his knees, "Like… I would imagine a logical one, because of the not moving face and usually being the spirit of reason between the two of us. But, she had to be bonded to a mad Vulcan like you, so probably a volatile volcanic mess." Styik pulled his arm to get him out of her face. "Let's determine that she was communicating importance. Because, that's special, right? First steps or whatever? And your sister is a 6 month old human. That's a good time, right?" "She's a hybrid," Styik corrected. These Vulcans had been referring to his siblings as humans and he was a little bit done with that. "A pinch of Vulcan," Zytok commented. "Barely enough to count. I'm sure that they would never accept her into Vulcan institutions with heritage like that. I am full Vulcan and they don't accept me into them..." Styik became increasingly more frustrated with this conversation, as he had usually been with Zytok. When Spock made it outside, Nyota announced, "She took her first steps! You missed it. I missed the word, you missed the steps. We're even." "I did not realize that we were in competition. Are these not things we would both appreciate acknowledging?" "Yeah, I mean…" She laughed and put her nose Sanaa's cheek, causing Sanaa to dip back a little to avoid the touch. But, Sanaa was still looking at Luxtria. "You wanna go say hi? You didn't even really get to meet her. Let's go say hi." They brought her over and Nyota sat next to Luxtria. "Say, hello, Luxtria." Sanaa just mouthed the greeting. "Tell her your name…" "Sanaa," Sanaa said, intrigued by the girl who was not fawning over her or trying to get her to talk. Sanaa reached for her, but Lux did not seem to notice. Nyota let her down and she crawled over and stood next to Luxtria, waiting to be acknowledged. She wouldn't touch her to get her attention. That would be rude and usually big people noticed when she was this close to them in proximity. The girl turned her way, but was not looking at her as she patted her lap twice (something she had learned to do to summon Arev). He seemed to realize that was not for him. Sanaa made herself comfortable on the girl's lap and watched her pet Arev. It was refreshing how not bothersome this child was. Luxtria held out her hand in front of her and Sanaa reached for it and played with her fingers. Nyota told Spock, "This is the second Vulcan stranger that she has entertained without any quarrel. She never does that with anyone else." "Vulcans are her people," he said. "And humans are?" "Your people," he answered, hopefully, safely. She pursed her lips and narrowed her eyes, but wasn't mad. "And you may draft Vulrak into the human populace, because he is mistaking our label as "Vulcan-bestie-in-laws" as us being friends who over-share very personal information." "That's hardly his fault as Vulcan-bestie-in-laws was created by me and I still haven't give either of you a valid acceptable definition." "My understanding, based upon etymology alone was that it meant our connection is via a marriage, in this instance yours and mine, as he is your proclaimed Vulcan bestie, I therefore am his Vulcan-bestie-in-law." "Well, he gets that of course, (he's a linguist, too) but what I mean is I haven't clarified what that entails." "Why must it entail anything?" Spock wondered. She teased, "You don't wanna play with him no more?" Spock watched carefully as Sanaa touched Luxtria's face. He was unsure if he was comfortable with this interaction. No one knew if Lux was telepathic, and she was not used to being around babies. He rolled his eyes at Nyota's question, then leaned down to reach for Sanaa. "I would like you to come with me to play 3D chess. Sanaa stared at his hands. She didn't care about 3D chess, but she had never turned down an invitation from her father and that won out as she reached for him. "Enjoy the rest of your day, Luxtria," he said. Zytok watched them leave and scoffed before sitting next to Luxtria. "All of them," he muttered. She slightly tilted her head, then lied down on the grass and rubbed his back, once. Styik raised an eyebrow and sat on the other side of her. Zytok glanced at him with a grimace and forced a smile. It was obviously forced. Nyota passed by Styik staring out of the window into the darkness and she posted up on the window sil. "Are we still friends, or do you have enough where we won't talk anymore?" He raised an eyebrow and said, "I am not a human, Mother. I will not replace our communication for communication with Vulcans my own age. I don't believe that Vulcans experience this rebellious phase that I have been told about." "Hey! Humans can do that. I did. I had a great relationship with my parents and you know… not a lot of friends, but a few really good ones." "I want lasting connections with my friends. You did not make any of those until Starfleet." "What's bothering you?" She avoided that obvious truth. "I am improving and they are not, and it is becoming difficult to even communicate with them anymore." "Sometimes, that happens," she told him. "That's one of the main reasons that I met all of my friends in Starfleet. It's very hard to continue on with people, no matter how much you had in common or how much you liked their company, if your paths go in different directions." He frowned and leaned his forehead against the window. "You do realize that at any point in time, you can reside on New Vulcan to learn there. We support it and expect it." "No. I spoke to Arev, to see if his vision had changed… to see if something had changed the course of that possible vision. It is the same. You will need me." "Who is to say that you can't go to New Vulcan, settle, and come on the ship to visit and have that vision take place?" "I would never rest. I would wonder the entire time… are the wheels in motion for that moment? Does she need me right now and I'm not there?" She leaned her head against the window imitating him for emphasis, and glanced his way (he missed the emphasis), "Your father just recently spoke with you about releasing the urge to carry us…" "I have allowed you to hire a sitter. I have allowed you to burden yourselves with overseeing Sytar's cleanups. I am not going to release this one thing from my grasp. Arev gave me that vision for a reason." "Because you were the closest human to him and he saw it." "I'm not going." "I feel like you're holding yourself back because of me and that's not a thing that I'm comfortable with my kid doing." "You can't make me go," he said. Knowing that technically that she could, but she would never force him to do something he was against doing. Zytok and Luxtria approached and Zytok pressed his head against the window, "Is this an obscure Earth custom?" Nyota and Styik stood up straight. Zytok kept his head on the window. "Is it only for family?" "It's nothing, Zytok!" Styik snapped, causing Zytok's head to quickly come off of the window to look at him and Luxtria to pause, as well. Zytok informed him, "Just because you have new parents and a new home and a good, working brain doesn't mean that you can speak to me however your superiority tells you to!" He was angry, but kept together. Obviously, he had gotten better at controlling his temper. Back at the institution, he would have pelted Styik with punches. "I will leave you to your elitist day." Zytok turned to leave and Luxtria hesitantly followed. Nyota didn't want to get involved, but wrapped an arm around Styik's shoulder. "She took his side," he whispered. "I don't think she was doing that. I think that she's just checking on him. Styik… They haven't had the type of breakthrough that you had, and they have feelings that you might not understand anymore. Try to remember what it felt like to be misunderstood and alienated. Try to remember how it felt when you just knew that you were being judged by every Vulcan you saw." He found them outside. Arev was licking Zytok's bloodied fist, where he appeared to have punched the fountain. Luxtria approached Styik, standing in his way, but not touching or looking at him. "It's alright," he told her. "She's protecting you," Zytok said. "I reiterate, it's fine." He gently tried to move her, but she was firm in front of him, so he spoke over her, "If you want to hit me, instead… Go for it." Styik told him. Zytok shook his hand, "I am relatively sure that I have severely injured this. But, don't be surprised if I take up that offer, someday." Luxtria turned to face Zytok, but Styik went around her and approached him. "We didn't change and you did. I understand that. We're still the same messed up Vulcans that were salvaged and collected from every planet we had been on for various reasons, mentally ripped from bond mates, mentally felt the destruction of our people, mentally ruined, probably for all of our lives. But, you are not better than us! You're just more fortunate." "I don't think that I'm better than you. And… I mean, you've both been able to leave the institution. You have things planned for you. I know that you'll be fine. I'm simply worried that my path will take a sharp turn, and when we meet again, we'll be strangers." "Meeting strangers is fun! You get to learn something new about someone!" Zytok snapped, with tears in his eyes. "That's an interesting point." He stared at him. "Interesting? Not… not… childish? Childlike?" "No. Quite optimistic and a little bit inspiring." "They think that I'm most easily compared to a prepubescent human child. My emotions are not appropriate. My reactions are not appreciated. My… learning is not even worth their time. I just got a willing teacher this year, because nobody can be bothered to teach someone who is never going to affect society. My teacher is terrified of me and I never get to ask the questions I need to, because lessons get cut short because of my temper with learning children's academics for nothing!" Zytok said. "Sounds like you just need some assistance. I could look over your work and go over it with you on transmission." Zytok turned back to the fountain, "We're not even friends. Don't pity me." "It's not that. How could I ever pity you? You're Zytok… You have always been formidable. You are one of very few people who terrify me. When I tried to use mind attacks, you powered through it and strangled me. Most adults weren't able to do that. You're always going to be the bigger, tougher kid from the center, to me; and how could I ever pity that Vulcan?" Luxtria rested her head on Zytok's back and Styik enclosed both of them in a hug. "Stop this, right now. Or, I'll elbow through both of you." Styik moved away. Lux didn't. "She is not the least bit afraid of me. Never has been. They think it's because she doesn't know any better. I know it's because she's just fearless. But, she's learned that I'm not going to hit her because she's a little girl." Luxtria finally gave him a little space. "That's stuff that we know about each other, because we've grown up together and we're friends. I know that if something happens to me, whether or not she can help me, she'd be there. She knows that if someone so much as raises an eyebrow to judge her, I'm gonna punch it off of their face." "You could use the emotional modulator," Styik nervously suggested. "Lux and I are a duo, then when you two bonded, I figured that made us a team. Kind of like my brother and your parents." Styik wasn't going to point out to him that that was not a thing and neither were they... "Instead, you've been, I don't know… all new class and too lofty for us. Your folks acting like your little sister was in harm's way for wanting to spend time with Lux? What'd they think she'd do to her? Speechless her to death? And don't think I didn't notice you and Vulrak silently conspiring for you to babysit us. We don't need babysitters! We have each other's backs! Your back is supposed to be in that having, but only if you have ours too." "I literally accidentally raised my voice, Zytok." "That was just an example of the thing you've been doing!" Luxtria bent down to pet Arev. "The two of you have been friends longer than I have been bonded to her and I don't see you two as much as you see each other. And you were right, we aren't friends, but like your brother and my parents, for the sake of my bond mate's friendship with you, I will work on being more understanding and less patronizing." Zytok turned around, seemingly completely fine. "That's all we ask!" He cheered and threw an arm around each of them. "I am honestly sure that I need a doctor to look at this hand…" Luxtria reached across Zytok's back and found Styik's hand to touch his fingertips with hers. He looked over at her and they made eye contact… and… he almost saw her smile before she turned to face forward again. Zytok was pleased that it only took a moment to repair his hand. He had them wrapped in padding, in case he got mad and punched something else. Styik had retrieved Sanaa, rested her on Luxtria's lap and they looked at the Brain together. "So, as you should be able to see for yourselves, contrary to popular belief, and your behavior, both of you show extreme levels of happiness in your brains." Sanaa reached out for the holographic brain, but when her hands merely went through the lights, snatched it back quickly, but still stared in wide eyed wonder. Zytok said, "That thing was too much to trade for a bond mate you're not gonna use. You could have made a deal for me to have a bondmate and you get the gift." "We weren't friends," Styik said. Lux furrowed her eyebrows and Sanaa noticed with excitement. Had something finally snapped her out of her unshakable resolve? Studying her face… no. The girl was still staring straight ahead. Did she even see the amazing holos of their brains? Zytok said, "She's been working on a shuttlecraft, now. Not building one, but like for stimulation therapy, she's been fixing up one that her foster father got her. By the time she gets done working on it, she'll be old and it will be obsolete." "Don't tear her down,"Styik said, calmly. "Hurpipo Hurpipo," Sanaa mumbled. Styik raised an eyebrow and looked at her, wondering where in the world she had ever heard that old cliche. "Did you say hurt people hurt people, Sanaa?" he asked. She stared at him blankly, then turned her attention back to Luxtria's hands and played with her fingers. "Probably Lux," Zytok said. "Lux..? She communicates with others?" He asked. "Well, yeah. Doesn't she communicate with you?" "I get nudges of emotion, not words and certainly not phrases!" "Well, you're not a baby," Zytok said. "What does that matter? Wait… does she speak to babies?" "I don't know, but this is the second baby that I've seen this happen with, where nobody knows where the baby got the thing they said from, but the baby is with Lux. She did the same with that other Spock's baby girl. She's never did it with that other little one," he pointed over at Suzak, "But, maybe he's too old or maybe she doesn't talk to baby boys. I have the IQ of a nine year old human. I can't possibly be right. My brain works mostly in imagination." "They saw signs of this when Lux was 2… Usually… with Vulcan babies, they only have so much telepathic conditioning that they can accomplish. There was a study at one point trying to gauge the conductivity between babies, but it was inconclusive, as skeptics claimed that the scientists could have just as well been planting the information into the babies' heads and not them passing it on to each other. Vulcan children aged from 6 months to 2 were used and if we were to conclude the information properly, the toddlers seemed better at communicating with the infants than infants with each other." He stared at Luxtria and she looked at him, seemingly trying to do something, but turned away again. He got up with his Brain and hurried to his portable computer. Zytok asked rhetorically, "Just like that, he leaves the baby with the two crazy kids?" He shook his head and said, "He's gonna get us in trouble. He knows they don't trust us with her…" Luxtria got up and walked off with Sanaa tucked in her side, properly this time. Then she simply went to a table and sat down with her. Zytok frowned, but went to sit on the floor by the two younger boys, "Hey, what's happening on this side." "I am showing Sytar photos of my bug collection." "You have a bug collection?!" Zytok asked, seriously excited as he shifted to lie on his stomach with them and look at it too. Luxtria looked at them then back at Sanaa, directly making eye contact with her. It had been a long time since she had done that with anyone for so long. But, she hoisted the child up on her shoulder and sat still, waiting for someone to come retrieve her, whenever they were ready.
Vulcan Bond Mates It was dinner time before Spock came to Luxtria to get Sanaa and to thank her for so dutifully caring for her for the evening. Lux did not know how to tell him that she had not planned on that, but she didn't mind the baby. It was well behaved and did not try to force her to do something or act some type of way. Most of the time, Lux was sitting alone with her thoughts, anyway. Sometimes, she looked ahead of her and saw an endless sea of formulas, which she began to isolate and separate, and place in chronological order by discovery. Sometimes, she could hear a song being sang that she couldn't quite place and presumed that it was possibly her biological mother's voice, though logic would suggest that her Vulcan mother was not likely singing to her… Then again, the woman probably had not known what was different about her and tried every method available to communicate with her, before sending her off to boarding school for special needs. Sometimes, she would silently recite entire novels from memory. Sometimes, she would design plans for cosmetic work that she wanted to do to her shuttlecraft. At any rate, she was generally alone with her thoughts. Her thoughts, emotions, and actions were things that she saw in a fully interactive way. She felt engaged in those numbers, in those melodies, in those drawings, as deeply as she would be were they right in front of her to peruse. Sometimes, really little ones could join her, because they have not fully assigned their minds to that which they are curious about and that which they know or presume to be fact. Vulcan telepathy was not about touching minds or reading them. It was about merging them. After a certain point in a Vulcan's life, logic will dismiss thoughts and feelings that do not make sense. The patterns and the chaos to organize will simply read as fanciful images with no purpose and she read as a girl without a coherent idea. With little ones, they simply wondered, What is it that I am seeing? And they watched in wonder as their minds constructed that which only moments before made no sense and catalog it and find themselves able to pluck a portion out of the rows and rows of knowledge. Then, majestically, like the magical little creatures they were, they could release that which they plucked out into the world via communication. I should be the one called the Baby Whisperer… But no one was available to receive that thought. Styik had taken to working very diligently on something on his computer - something that his mother asked him not to do before the friendcation. "Actually, Mother - you asked, "Please don't stress yourself out trying to do work and research for the entire trip. Spend at least some time socializing, for your peace of mind and mine." I have spent all of Thursday night through Saturday afternoon doing precisely that. Now, I have research to obtain and studies to conduct." He said, without even glancing her way. "Grandmother Ashaki is going to insist that you spend some time with her!" Nyota warned him. "With a brand new first ever granddaughter that she has only seen through transmission?" He asked sarcastically, with no tone in his voice. She sighed. It was time to hang it up. The Vulcan in him was committed to whatever wild hair instigated this study. She simply kissed him on top of the head and he assured her, "I will be ready to resume my courses by Monday morning and I will exact a sleep schedule that allows me to do so." She had been about to remind him to make sure that he got some sleep. Sunday Morning Spock found Styik in the common area with several computers, the Brain, two PADDs and several data slips set up as a miniature lab, with Sarek on a transmission. He folded his arms and simply observed. What would he say to diffuse Nyota when she realized that Styik had remained awake and "gotten off on one of his tangents" instead of sleeping, as he vowed to? "I told her that I would exact a sleep schedule that allows me to resume my courses by Monday morning," Styik said without even glancing in Spock's direction. Now, Spock approached, greeted his father and looked over his son's work. "I am attempting to compile all of the information that I can gather on Vulcan mental deficiencies, infant studies and autism." "What is your purpose?" Spock wondered. "Luxtria communicated with Sanaa yesterday." "That is not likely," Spock told him. "I already went through the gauntlet of logic with Grandfather, so do not feel obligated to repeat that which we all know to be probable," Styik said. Sarek told Spock, "At this point, I am merely sending over information and preparing to receive his final pitch for review to determine whether I am willing to appeal to the Vulcan High Command for his research." Spock put his hands on the back of Styik's seat and said, "I need you to temporarily suspend your assignment for the morning." "No, you don't. You just want me to, so that you don't have to have an argument with Mother about why it is perfectly normal for a Vulcan child to commit hours to a scientific study for just the chance to have his findings reviewed by the Vulcan High Command." "She understands my position on that. What neither of us will be able to convince her of is to allow you to do it without interruption, if she thinks that you are neglecting your health in order to achieve this goal." Styik finally looked at Spock, "Father… Just… Back me up, please. I need to do this." Spock stood up, put his hands behind his back and agreed, "Very well. I shall be your representation." He looked at Sarek and bowed, "Father." Then, he left them to it. When everyone came out for breakfast, Styik heard Zytok ask, "What's that brain fascist doing?" He didn't hear a response, so he presumed that it was a question to Luxtria. He heard Sytar say quietly, "No. I don't bother him when he's like this," presumably to Suzak, who might have wanted to just greet him good morning. And finally, he heard Spock inform, "I have already been tasked with intercepting you…" and tuned out most of that whispered debate, until Spock's very calm, "See? He will have everything that he needs…" And a plate was set next to one of his computers. Styik looked up for the first time to see Luxtria, staring blankly at his workspace, but her eyes were scanning it. "Thank you," he said and tried to make eye contact with her. It didn't work, so he dived back in. "The closest description that was ever given to me for that which you live with was autism. We don't have much of a supply in studies, as it is something that happens so rarely and even less in Vulcans than in say… humans. Most humanoid lifeforms have not seen a case in centuries, and many others, never. But, if that is what we are dealing with here, the focus seems to be communication. There is nothing 'wrong with' you, as the Vulcans sometimes suggest. There is merely an obstacle in your communication. If I am right, we can develop a way to address your communication functions…" She walked away. "Yes. Yes, I would like to focus on it by myself." She paused, but proceeded away. Moments later, she returned with a chair. "Oh… sorry. Well, I mean… I don't mind if you're here. You have a right. This concerns you." Sarek announced, "I am going to end our transmission, but I will contact you when I have more information to send." "Thank you, Grandfather." Luxtria began to eat the breakfast that she had set on the table, near Styik. "Now, I am starting to feel used for my brain." Him? Like he didn't agree to this union specifically for access to mine… Specifically for a chance at whatever it is he hopes to accomplish with the theory that he is tracing. I've seen many theories chased, and leave the seeker behind to hope that they had more time, more resources… She looked directly at him. He missed it. Spock watched Nyota, glamorous in her golden ankara butterfly dress with a complimentary gele. She rarely wore these things - usually for ceremonial purposes when her parents were around, not that she didn't love them… it was simply easier to obtain outworld clothing, so most of her old things were in storage in the United States of Africa, at her family's property. "We'll be a couple of hours and we'll stop some place to eat." She said to T'Pliya. "He will likely not move from that spot, but I'm more concerned about in case of dire emergency, him being alone…" "I have experience with older children as well as babies," she said. Spock followed Nyota to the transports. Vulrak was already seated in the front seat of one with Zytok, both in Vulcan robes, Vulrak seemingly trying to talk Zytok into just enjoying the interesting observations that he will make. She laughed as Spock opened the child seat compartment for Sanaa in the transport they were using. "Have you got the coordinates to the church?" She wondered. "Naturally. When have you ever known me to be ill prepared?" Nyota had not been 100% honest with her mother. She had told her that while stationed on Earth that she was a member of a church… She not only was not a member of this church, but she had not been to this church probably since she was a student at the Academy, and even then… not regularly. Spock was certain that he had never heard her even speak of said church in all of his years of knowing her. "I went a couple of times my first year at the Academy," was her response. And why did she tell her mother that she was a member there? "I told her it was my church because she was worried about me finding a church home outside of my country while I was away!" And why did her mother STILL think that she attended this church? "When she asked me if I had been going to church since I was back on Earth, I told her yes to avoid the emotional labor of explaining to her why I wasn't going to be attending and Sanaa was still in her crying phase." But… why didn't Ashaki know right now, today that this was untrue? "And I never got around to telling her that I wasn't attending church, so she thinks that I do this every week and said that she would meet me at the church and they would go back to the lodge with us." So, why not just confess at that moment that she would not be going and arrange something else for pick up? "It was simply just easiest to go ahead and catch a day of church with her and come back to the lodge than to go down the rabbit hole of explaining why she thought something untrue for the past decade, or why I wasn't going today when I usually allegedly do." "It is easier for you to provide continuous feed for this lie than to admit the truth?" Spock confirmed. "Than to admit it today and damage the friendcation. I didn't lie to her - to lie to her. I just haven't been thinking about this actively until it comes up and it usually comes up at a bad time." "This is a reason that Vulcans do not lie…" Spock started, but she nodded in agreement without a response. She knew that it was messed up, but since she didn't mind going for a service and letting the children experience at least a day of worship ceremony, the truth could wait until Ashaki was out of dodge and when she explained it, it would frustrate her, but she would get over it (outside of Nyota's range). "Are you mad?" Nyota asked as he got into the driver's seat. He furrowed his eyebrows and instead of denying that he was feeling anything, he said, "Inconvenienced." "I'll make it up to you. Little tea before bed, midnight snacks, Vulcan's request." She saw him trying to fight that smirk so that he could keep brooding about his inconvenience. "I'll even tell Mama the truth in front of you." He raised an eyebrow. "Just… you know, either when they leave or afterwards." Now, he smirked. Ashaki Uhura was an incredibly gentle human. The way that Nyota sometimes avoided saying things to her was often perplexing to him. And the idea, "It's not that I'm afraid of her punishing me, it's that I hate to see her disappointment," did not make sense to him either. But, "At least I only do it with really small things. This one just happened to snowball. This is the biggest lie I have ever told my mother, and knowing how easy it is for humans to lie and how often it is done in everyday life, I feel like I shouldn't be judged this way," had ended their previous conversation on the matter… Or rather, her leaving the room after the declaration did. "Select your bond mates logically," Spock advised the children. Nyota laughed heartily and Sytar joined in. "Does he even understand?" Spock wondered. "I doubt it," she whimpered through chuckles. She faced Sytar and said, "Do you know that your father is teasing me right now? He is making fun of Mommy!" Sytar gasped and said, "Father, nooooooo!" Spock said, "Vulcans do not tease, or make fun." Sytar said, matter-of-factly, "Yeah, Vulcans make BORING!" Nyota now laughed louder and harder and threw her head back. Spock simply smirked as Sytar now laughed along with his mother. Sanaa frowned at him and looked at Spock, grateful he was making all of this noise too.
This was always intended to be just a short little story in between some of the others. It went on longer than I planned, so I hope to be able to wrap it up soon. In the meantime... Vulcan Brotherhood After a certainly colorful celebration, with various tributes and speeches or sermons, Nyota walked out of the church with her parents took off her gele, handed it to her mother and said, "I have not been to this church since I was a cadet. I couldn't even remember much about it and I am not really feeling it." Spock stared at the ground, with his hands behind his back. Ashaki sighed and said, "Thank goodness. I was going to tell you that I didn't think I would be visiting your church again. What a LONG service!" She handed her back her gele. "Well, at least you looked pretty." She reached for Sanaa, who was staring at her suspiciously. "This is what I've been waiting for." "She's very selective about social interaction," Spock stated. Ashaki pressed a button on her necklace, which caused her earrings to twinkle and light up. Sanaa reached for the earring, but did not seem eager to leave her mother's arms, even though Nyota was leaning to try to wean her over. Ashaki collected the girl and she widened her eyes and struggled to get away from her until Spock swooped in and rescued her. "I am sorry, Ashaki. Perhaps, maybe when you are feeling more calmly. She is hypersensitive to touch telepathic emotion and until she has learned to master how to moderate it, we try to protect her from an unsolicited emotional transference." "Sytar was never bothered by my emotions!" Ashaki fussed. "Yes, well… There he is, if you wish to communicate with him instead." Spock said nudging his head at Sytar, who was having a very vibrant conversation with one of the pastors and holding hands with Zytok. Ashaki frowned, then forced a smile and went to collect him. Nyota covered her forehead with her hand. "Is there a problem?" "She wants to spend time with Sanaa, because she hasn't been able to, so your curtness of the facts wasn't really emotionally acceptable for her. But, she knows that she doesn't have much of a choice." "I considered that, but there was no tactful way to inform her that her granddaughter did not enjoy being in her company," Spock said. "I know. I know." Mwinyi added on, "Let's not forget that all of the Vulcans she interacts with on New Vulcan are not as logic oriented as you're raising the children to be." Nyota said, "This is actually just how she is. She decided a couple of months ago that this was who she wanted to be and we just follow her lead on that. Half the time, she doesn't even want to be bothered by me because of my emotions." Ashaki came back, holding Sytar and they headed out. Styik was in the same area when they returned, but he had Luxtria connected to equipment and his emotional modulator was also here now. "Styik… What are you doing?" Nyota asked. "Monitoring reactions of her brain and emotions in real time, based upon certain stimuli," he said. Their hands were connected at two fingers and he was staring at her while she was staring straight ahead. "How long has he been doing this?" She asked T'Pliya. "This particular portion of his research began one hour, 42 minutes and 16 seconds ago. I believe that he is using the touching of minds to openly observe her reactions to his communication and recording the observances of the modulator and the Brain." "For what? I mean, surely other Vulcans have tried their hand in reaching out to her with these helps." "Surely, they have. But, most breakthroughs were preceded by unsuccessful attempts." Spock put Sanaa into her walker and she pretty much immediately went to see what was going on in Styik's work space, from an acceptable distance. Ashaki commented, "I suppose she's even conditioned herself to stay out of the way of science experiments, huh?" Nyota nodded, "Actually, yes. She is very capable of assessing and making decisions. She's slightly less carefree as Sytar was when he was her age and certainly less than he is now…" Luxtria turned to face Sanaa and Styik let out a chuckle (with sound, for a change). "Excitement. That was such a peak in excitement!" He practically cheered. Luxtria removed her hand from his and held out her arms to Sanaa who moved closer to them and let her take her out of the walker. "She really likes Sanaa," he said, checking on the emotional modulator. "Here, perhaps we should give you a rest," he said and took the small headscan band from her head. She got up and left with the baby. Ashaki just watched with folded arms, as she went to sit down and let her play with her fingers. "Soooo… Lux even gets her?" "I mean… Lux is very calm, is she not, Mama?" Nyota asked. Ashaki shrugged, "I'm not touch telepathic, so I guess I couldn't know." Nyota forced a smile and said, "I'll show you where your room is." With her family lounging on the couch, the children of all ages (except for Styik) played around together, Spock and Vulrak finished up a game of 3D chess and the help prepared dinner, Nyota laughed with her brother about his journeys and projects. Mwinyi talked mostly about work, how much harder it was becoming now that New Vulcan was establishing methods of science that had not been seen in other places as much yet, and amending their laws to be more inclusive outside of High Vulcan society. "It isn't that them opening their minds is a problem. The problem is that when you have that many Vulcans, with the power and the strength and intelligence that they have starting to consider more than the strict and concise ways that they have been faithful to for all of these years… it's almost like unleashing thousands of mad scientists onto a planet. What won't they try?" "This is hyperbole, Baba," Nyota said. "They're doing the best that they can with what they have left." "There are now more V'tosh ka'tur on the planet than Vulcans of Surak." He threw Vulrak a look and added, "And before long, they may take over the planet and make it a new New Vulcan… one that is so far removed from the Vulcan that we all once knew that it may not even be possible to call them Vulcans anymore." "That's how advancement works in any world. Do you think that humans of Earth were anything like we are right now? I know that you weren't much for social studies, but as a long term A student in Earth's History, I can tell you that it is a wonder that we identify as human, considering how different it was for our people and how they handled the things that they did." "I understand. It's just interesting that they held so closely the teachings of Surak after the Time of Awakening, concerned that they could revert back to their old ways without the wisdom of logic… and now… They are stepping further and further away from it. So much that the elders are starting to withdraw from society and make their homes in the caves. So much that the Vulcan High Command is considering having a chair for the V'tosh ka'tur!" "They should have a chair. They are a part of the growing society." "They have dangerous methods that are not always mindful of what is most sensible." "So do humans," she said. Mwinyi sighed, and chuckled, "I'm not speaking about your family, Nyota…" "But, you are because I have a Vulcan family. And there are a lot of other humanoids that the Vulcans now have to reach out to in order to make their society flourish." "Their society is dead. The new society… I'm not sure of what to call it. But, I don't believe it is any longer Vulcan." After a long pause, Nyota said, "Well… It is Vulcan, as we know it." Toimu and T'Pliya were speaking on the porch when Spock stepped outside and she bowed and went in. "I did not intend to disrupt your conversation." Toimu waved a hand and said, "She was just telling me about the cloning process and new studies. They really have introduced the possibility of a clone in every home into your society, huh?" Spock tilted his head and joined his brother in law against the rail of the porch, watching the children run around with Arev in the sunset. "Any species wishes to live and to thrive. They have introduced that which they believe it will take to ensure rebuilding and survival." "Is it what you believe, too?" "I wish to see New Vulcan succeed," Spock replied. "Nyota told me a while back that you two broke up and you were going to go to New Vulcan to help them with those efforts. She seemed to think that she was going to have to say goodbye to you forever. She seemed to feel like your duty to Vulcan was something that was more important to you than she was." "It never came to pass." "No, but think about it… The woman that you ultimately married and started a family with, work with and live with and are probably closest to than anyone else in existence thought that it was more important to you to help to mold that place… It was that important to you. You don't feel a certain way about how it's now taking shape? Not to mention that a strong part of the development was at the risk of my sister and that the technology they are perfecting was once in the hands and control of a complete and utter deplorable." Spock twitched ever so slightly at the mention of Livingston Kurok and the experience that he and Nyota had with him… at the thought of his death. "I am not feeling a certain way about anything," he said and turned to the children. "Children, come inside and prepare yourselves for bed." "It's just… I'm not one to agree with my father very much… but he has a point. New Vulcan isn't what we would expect Vulcan to be." "Perhaps they should refer back to keeping outsiders out of their business and their existence. If Dr. Uhura has such a problem with the way that New Vulcan is becoming, he seems to have the freedom to choose to return to Earth, where he belongs." Zytok paused at them when he came up the stairs. Spock gave him a slight bow of the head and the boy went inside. Luxtria handed Sanaa to Spock. The baby was obviously sleepy, but covered in dirt. Spock told Toimu, "I have responsibilities to see to. Enjoy the rest of your evening." Toimu nodded and gave Sanaa a little tickle to the belly button. She squirmed closer to Spock. "She did not like that," he said. Ashaki wondered if Sanaa would allow her to rock her to sleep. "She's not really that big on being rocked to sleep anymore. Not since she was about 3 months old, maybe. Usually, she just likes to lie down and listen to something calming. If you want to sing to her in her crib or even better, read her some science journals…" Ashaki sighed and asked, "How is that not hard for you? Are you really that cold, now?" "Cold?" Nyota repeated. "I understand that there needs to be a certain amount of detachment for you to be able to keep your kids on a starship, but doesn't the lack of connection between yourself and her hurt you?" "There isn't a lack of connection, Mama." "Well, you can't rock her, you feed her out of a bottle that a machine squeezed you to fill, you don't play with her or laugh with her or give her affection." "Sanaa doesn't want the type of mothering that you want me to give her. I am connected enough to her to understand what she likes and doesn't likes and to give her what she needs. Just because she isn't comfortable in your arms doesn't mean that she doesn't get enough affection. If anything, she notices how nervous you make me and she's trying to stay clear of that." Ashaki's lip dropped and Nyota shook her head, "I'm sorry, Mama. I shouldn't have said that. It has been stressful. I know what you think about how I raise my children. I promise, they're happy children. Styik even monitored Sanaa's precuneus not even two days ago. I would want for you to not judge me so harshly. I must have accidentally given my daughter my worries over that." Sanaa began squirming Nyota rubbed her back and set her down in her crib. Styik appeared in the room, "I made Sanaa a recording of today's findings." He paused and looked between the two of them, "Are you two arguing, again?" "No," they both lied. Nyota strummed his face. "Are you heading for bed, yet?" "In a matter of hours," he said, more asking permission than setting goals. She sighed. "I promise to be refreshed for tomorrow morning. I wanted to compile things acceptably to transfer to Grandfather Sarek, before I shut down my lab. Tirza may even consider extra credit if my findings are viewed as good information." "You know I am a sucker for extra credit," Nyota said lightheartedly and kissed him on the forehead, "No later than Midnight." "I intend to be done quite before then." He put the data into the insert on the crib, said to his sister, "Everything you missed while you were out is in this information. I set it to pause according to your sleep patterns." She reached out and he touched his fingertips to hers. "You will be asleep very shortly, I see. Goodnight, Sanaa."
Human Bloodlines Ashaki found Nyota curled up against Spock, sleeping while he seemed to be reading off of a PADD, and she sat across from them. He raised an eyebrow at her, but didn't speak. It was Spock's experience that Ashaki would always begin a conversation, if she wanted to talk and if she did not - they sat in silence, because she understood that he was not the type for "small talk." "I'm not a perfect mother. My children thought so throughout their childhood and maybe even up until the point that I got sick, but they've all learned since then that I'm not always right." "I'm sure that they were intelligent enough to deduce such a fact long before then," Spock said. "I'm sure that they were. But, sometimes, I know that I'm wrong and I just keep moving forward with the idea anyway." "That is illogical; however, many humans are guilty of the same type of behavior. Therefore, there is no need to explain yourself to me." "Being wrong, knowing that you're wrong, and admitting that you're wrong are all on different scales of pride for us." She seemed to be venting, and he was used to humans venting, to a certain degree. But, he was not open to entertaining it at the moment, with his wife asleep and the human being her mother. Perhaps some sound advice would bring this conversation to a halt. "Whether or not one admits that she is wrong, if she is wrong; wrong is what she will be. I count it as such, each time, and others would be wise to to do, as well." "I shouldn't have said some of the things that I said to Nyota. I made her feel like I think that she's a bad mother. I don't think that, at all. I think that she is a perfect mother…" Perhaps not. "I assure you that she is not," Spock stated. Nyota was the only woman that Spock had ever wanted so deeply, and she was impressive in a lot of ways. She was a proper mother and a good wife. Perfect was not a thing that he would say of any person. Not even his own mother... Ashaki chuckled, "Well, as far as humans go, she realizes when she's wrong and she admits it and she fixes things. She notices what her children want and need from her and she gives it and doesn't force anything else on them." "These are not principles of perfection. Dare I say that these principles are elements that should be considered proper etiquette in most civilized cultures. These are the actions that any parent should logically take." "Well, then I think Nyota is a very logical mother." Ashaki thought for a moment that she almost saw Spock smile, or at the very least smirk. "Thank you, Ashaki. I can agree." She blew out a huff of air and said, "That is a huge compliment coming from you, isn't it?" His eyebrow raised. That was always amusing to her to see. "Compliments do not vary in size. However, I did not intend to compliment. Simply to agree with your assessment, as stated." "But you said 'thank you' to the assessment, as stated." "I read it as an intended compliment, from you." "Do you ever compliment my daughter for all of her tasks as a mother?" To break down the fact that motherhood was not something that required compliments, as a mother does her duties out of obligation and responsibility would only lead to a most likely emotional response from this human mother whose intention that he was now certain was to validate her daughter's skills as a mother, herself. "I am honest with Nyota about any of her life's successes, in the event that the topic of conversation arises." "And when you do, do the two of you speak in circles, this way?" Ashaki asked, a bit exhausted and a bit annoyed... Nyota stirred and Spock gently stroked her spine, to soothe her back into rest, until she settled and remained sleeping. "I do what is necessary to maintain a peaceful home with minimal anxiety for all of the members of my family," Spock said. She stood up, gave him a squeeze on the shoulder, said, "Of course you do. It's only logical." Spock nodded once. Finally. He knew that eventually Ashaki had to see reason. Ashaki left the room, stepped outside of the door and peaked back in, thinking that maybe if she spied long enough, she would see some hint of something not fueled just by logic. She didn't have to wait long. Nyota stirred again and Spock gave her a kiss on the lips, touched her head and said, "Sleep." Ashaki headed for her quarters, smiling to herself. That wasn't only logical. That human mother was in there somewhere, and her daughter hopefully got more of it than Ashaki was awarded. That was what she was going to take away from that image. . Going back home wasn't a huge task, but Nyota realized that she was still pretty drained and almost immediately crashed on the couch. Her mother offered to help situate the children before the Uhuras left. Vulrak and the other Vulcans left first thing, according to their schedule. Sanaa walked up to her mother, in the walker and stood beside her, as she slept on the couch. Ashaki whispered to Styik, "Should somebody see if she needs something?" Styik glanced at them and shook his head, "She's fine. She's just trying to make sure that Mother is fine, as well. Mother doesn't usually sleep on the couch, unless she's sick or in pain or something. Likely, Sanaa is simply concerned. She'll soon realize that there is nothing to indicate that Mother is ill or aching, and she will continue on her way." "I work with Vulcan children, and it is still amazing to me how advanced you all are." Styik reminded her, "You work with mentally deficient Vulcan children." He left the room and Sanaa kept watch over her mother while Ashaki took a seat in the room, hoping for a chance to get to spend time with her. After a while, Sanaa looked around the room, looked at Ashaki for a bit, then looked around again. If her only option was the woman that looked like her Mommy… At least she looked like her mommy. She reached out and Ashaki rescued her from the walker, but she hurried to try to get to the floor, to crawl to Nyota and climb on the couch with her. Ashaki rushed to try to stop her, but Nyota reflexively collected Sanaa in an embrace when she felt her nearby. Ashaki sat on the floor near them and said, "If you understand: She is to me, what you are to her. I'm not so bad. Sometimes, we make our kids nervous, even sad, unfortunately. She says that you get that. You know how she makes you uncomfortable sometimes? But then you still love each other? It's the same with me. I promise. I'm not a bad lady that hurts your mommy. I'm your mommy's mommy. I do my best to be as good a mommy to her as she is to you. I shouldn't have tried to make her the kind of mommy I am to her, to you..." Ashaki lifted her hand to Sanaa and Sanaa actually reached out and touched it this time. With her free hand, Ashaki rubbed Nyota's hair. Sanaa reached up for the woman and Ashaki gratefully and happily picked her up. Sanaa allowed her to tell her stories about when Nyota was little. The excitement in her was a little bit alarming for Sanaa, but also… What was it that Styik called this emotion? Endearing.
Back to Business They only had about half of a year left on their Earth stay. It was going to be pretty uneventful, as far as Nyota knew. Hopefully, she would be able to just enjoy her family a while. It was just their household again and while the visit was wonderful, she was glad to just have her immediate family and typical lifestyle back. Sanaa was pretty pleased, herself. Sytar was always happy, regardless of his surroundings because that little boy could simply create his own joy, seemingly from scratch. Styik… He was in touch with New Vulcan a lot. Sarek prearranged the credits for these open communication lines as the boy wanted to know the status of every step of getting someone to look at his research and possibly expand on it. Tirza and he communicated the most. As his educator, she was his easiest access point, though he often would wish to speak directly to Sarek, because he had more stature in any field that would possibly assist Styik. "Of the emotions that are now moderated among our people, impatience is one that I would have outlawed, were I responsible for these decisions," she told him when the call opened. "That sounds like a what if scenario. I am impressed that you have introduced non-statistical consideration into your emotional moderation," he said, deadpan. "Styik, you must simply wait on the response. As you realize, your information will be assessed thoroughly before a decision is made to move forward with your course of study. With you being off-planet, your request does not hold instant importance on the list of assessments." He groaned and she froze, though her face did not change. "If you need time to reconcile, I will end this transmission." "I don't. I am sending the responses to my current assignment load to you," he said, making several hand movements to do so. "I will not bother you about this again." He knew that if he said it out loud that he would keep his word. That did not mean that he could not or would not bother Ambassador Spock or Grandfather Sarek. He may even bother Vulrak on the matter. Ambassador Spock sent him a transmission reply, "I have looked over the information that you sent personally and I believe it to merit further study. Ambassador Sarek and I are looking into possibly getting the request expedited. Until then, we will close the communications line for such transmissions. Tirza will handle your lessons, as previously scheduled, during which times the communication line will be opened from her end." Point taken. They were getting tired of Styik bothering them about his research on Luxtria. Nyota came to his room and knocked lightly. He looked up and she asked him, "Want to have dinner in here? You've been really focused on your work all week." "No. I am going to attend dinner at the table, like everyone else. My focus on the work no longer matters, as I am at a standstill, waiting for someone to contact me about furthering the studies. If… I had access to the cloning technology, I bet that I could do everything myself." "How would that help?" she wondered, immediately uncomfortable, as she often was about the clone conversation. "It would supply the babies needed to further the research. Vulcans, of logic or not will not simply hand over their perfectly healthy babies to someone like Luxtria or even to someone like me, no matter what type of promises are made to ensure their safety. And we don't have enough time shared between Sanaa and Luxtria to make this happen on our own." Nyota sighed and went to wrap her arms around her son. "All I know for sure is that if there is a way to make all of this work, I trust you to figure it out." Styik frowned, "Thank goodness that you didn't put any pressure on me." Nyota replied, "Your sarcasm is so on point for a non-human." "I reserve the right to believe that humans probably did not create sarcasm," he said. . Uneventful as ever. Aside from some beautiful mommy moments, watching her children grow into closer siblings, the ongoing unspoken vendetta Sanaa had against Sytar, and easing Styik's mind about the research on New Vulcan; she hadn't anything exciting happen. As a matter of fact, she found that she was content, relaxed, and more at peace than she had been in her entire life. "I could get used to this," she confessed. Spock assessed the room. That statement could reference a number of things. "Just living with my family, spending time with you, getting closer to each member and loving all of you each day, the right way. I mean… I thought I needed the action of a starship to thrive, but here I am. Thriving and loving every milquetoast minute of it." "There is less danger here than in space. The precautions to keep the children safe are minimal and of little effort." "Shifts are more predictable and work days are shorter." "Our superior officers follow Starfleet Command's orders and preserve the Prime Directive." "Every time!" She laughed. Spock raised an eyebrow, "Am I to deduce that you are interested in prolonging our stay on Earth, for purposes of comfort?" "Heavens, no!" She noticed Spock sigh with relief. "Not like you'd have to stay with me, if I did." He tilted his head and reminded her, "I don't have to do anything. I have chosen to live my life with you as my partner, and we decided together to raise our children on the Enterprise." "If I did want to stay here, you would be on the ship, though?" "This scenario ignores that I am here on Earth, with you,right now, the fact that I spent a year on New Vulcan with you." "You agreed to a certain time though. If I just didn't want to go back…" "My life is optimal with you assessable to me." "I never want to be far away from you, either." He raised an eyebrow, but did not correct her paraphrase. Because, that was exactly what he had meant.
Thank you for sticking this out with me. This is the last chapter of this particular story and I know it wasn't dark or angsty or any of the usual grime and grit that I include, but I wanted to portray that this family isn't a heap of sorrow and struggle. They're also loving and supportive. They have so many good days, even if it can be hard and it is not perfect. For reading, I am eternally grateful to you. The next story in the chronology is Mind Rape, and is already written. I hope you enjoyed this journey. Where the Heart Is Sanaa was in her walker, observing all of the big ones around her. There was a great deal of traffic in their home. People moving carts and remote control droids gathering and emptying the place. Where are they going with my things? There were red shirts everywhere and she couldn't figure out where her family was, but it made her panic, to the point of crying. Suddenly, her mother appeared and collected her from the walker. "Grab that walker for us, please Ensign," she said to someone. She began to buckle Sanaa into the baby harness that she had on her, to secure the girl to herself as they moved around. Nyota explained, "Your father and I are going to be bringing you to a new home, Sanaa. Our real home. The Enterprise. I know that you probably have heard us mention it before, but nothing that I can say could prepare your mind for what it will be like to actually live there." Sanaa stared at her mouth. She could understand many of the words, but not all of them. And the Enterprise was familiar, but she had nothing to reference the word to, just like all of the other times it was mentioned. But when she felt her mother grow excited and point out of the window of the observatory, she turned and saw the starship. "Do you remember when they came to visit? I think that you probably weren't old enough yet to gather that. There she is, though. Mommy's first love. The Starship Enterprise." Sanaa's eyes were wide as she reached forward and put her hand on the glass, staring at the ship coming in. "Same, Sanaa." Nyota kissed her on the side of the face. . Spock and the man that she had seen before… The man that her godfather called "Jim," but her father called "Captain," were speaking to each other as others moved around them. Kirk had come a little bit early to collect, meaning that Spock and Uhura had to hustle and rush to get things ready to leave, as the Enterprise might have to go without them and be late, instead. There was room for them to stay longer, but she was eager and he was whatever the Vulcan acceptable version of that was - to get back on the ship. To go home. Spock had once called Earth the only home that he had left, but they knew now that was not true. Maybe, it was when he said it, but since then, the ship had definitely become that. It was where some of the most important things in his life had occurred - both good and bad. He had no real connection to Earth, aside from meeting his wife. Though, when he looked at her and their children - they were enough to make any place his home. As long as they were there, he was there… home. They went to the transporter room and Nyota put Sanaa down for a moment to pass around some goodbye hugs to her Earth team. Sanaa hated to be caught up in hugs and stuff. She would rather sit on the floor. Styik collected Sytar and stepped onto the transporter pad, ready to get back to his friends and the rest of his family, hyping up Sytar about it too, even though he was sure that Sytar didn't vividly remember the people by name. Sanaa noticed them get up there and heard Styik cheering about it taking them to the Enterprise, and she tried to rush over to them. She crawled away, with Nyota rushing to catch her, but paused when she reached the transporter pad, climbed up, then stood and walked to her older brother. Nyota paused the Ensign from earlier and said, "You know what… Send that to donations," in reference to the walker. She stepped aboard the transporter pad, rubbed her children's arms and said, "Energize." . It was hours before they actually left. Everything was boarded, Spock immediately went to the bridge with Kirk. Nyota walked the halls with the children, taking them on the tour of the place, ending at last at their family quarters and their new rooms. Styik rushed to go see everyone that he missed and Nyota took the two toddlers to get food. Sytar kept pointing to people and insisting that he knew them, even though he didn't know their names. Sanaa just looked around and sulked a little bit. Where was Father? Surely, he is coming on this Enterprise with us? After a while, they were back in their quarters, the ship was leaving Starfleet Academy, and Sanaa still had not seen Spock. She began to fuss, "FAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFAFA!" until she was red in the face. Nyota summoned Spock to their quarters and the child immediately stopped upon seeing him and rushed to hug him. Spock picked her up, the mystery of what happened lost on him. "It is not like you to become so emotionally engaged," he said. "Don't insult her, Spock," Nyota teased. He raised an eyebrow and kissed the top of Sanaa's head before trying to put her down. She resisted letting go and he kept her. "Sanaa, it is illogical for you to wish to hold on to me when you have no needs that I may meet." "I think this is the need, Spock. She is a small child and even though she is not always affectionate, I think she missed you." "I can tell, however. She sees me, now. The emotion should be diluted." Nyota moved closer to them, placed a hand on his cheek and told him, "When I miss you, seeing you doesn't dilute my emotion. It just makes me crave more of your time." She kissed him on the nose and left the room. Spock held out Sanaa to investigate her, and make sure that it was not some reaction to a physical disturbance, relieved that Nyota was not in the room to bother him about overreacting. He sat down, placed Sanaa on his lap and explained to her, "I have a very important job on this starship. It is even more important than the occupation that I have been filling while stationed on Earth with our family. My position in this place is second in command of the ship and the chief science officer of the bridge. I am explaining these things to you, as I believe that you can understand the basis of what I am saying. You will not see me as much as you did on Earth. You will not see your mother, as much. We will be certain that you are cared for in our absence and there are others you will be in the company of when neither of us is present. You will grow up used to these ways and when you are old enough, you will know that whether or not we were visible to you for extended periods of time, we always look after you or entrust others to do are an intelligent lifeform and equipped with poise and logic. I know that after the initial shock of this life change to you human emotions, you will be comfortable and know that you are safe." He looked down at her and her head was nodding over. Spock collected her into his arms and held her closely… "Or, you were simply sleepy and fought it until were were certain that I was indeed on the ship." She fell to sleep on him and he went to place her into her crib. He checked and rechecked that the weighted blanket, gravity levels, and emergency force fields were working, in the event that the ship ran into a problem and was shaken up. He made sure that Sytar's was functional, as well. Styik insisted that he had gone over everything himself, but knew that Spock was simply doing his best not to show worry by confirming that there were no visible mistakes to the children's safety and security measures. Sytar was not ready to go to bed when Spock was checking everything. But, Nyota was still putting him down and singing to try to help him calm down. He was excited about being back on this ship. He remembered it, even though he couldn't recall things clearly or by name. It was confusing and exhilarating to him to relive a place that he couldn't formulate terminology for. Spock tried to calm him down, as well, then said that he would be back after collecting Styik. . Styik was looking at the Earth as they departed when Spock found him, exactly where the computer said that he was. "Father, since you and Mother have been together, Earth has been threatened multiple times and attacked, as well. My biological parents' planets have either been destroyed or will be, in Romulus' case. I have no hereditary ties to Earth, and New Vulcan will always carry a portion bad memories for me. I can get used to it, but it will never be my home, and I don't believe that Earth could either. Father, do you think it illogical? That I would consider a starship, of all of the places in the galaxy that I have been… to be my only home?" Styik asked. Spock tilted his head, slightly. It was a loaded question, but he replied, "No." Relief washed over Styik, as Spock continued to respond, "For the very reasons that you stated, I know that it is logical. The very purpose of a home, aside from the romanticized notions of emotional connection and fond memories, is a place of origin, but also a place which someone is built, grown, and can return to even the most private or serious of situations. Home is a place that someone develops and a place where that someone can go to be laid to rest. There is no other logical option for a home for you than this ship." "What about you, Father? Is New Vulcan your home? Or is Earth?" Styik wanted to look at him and see if his demeanor changed, but resisted that urge. Spock put his hands behind his back and explained, "When I was a child, my father spoke to me about my genetic condition. He described me as a child of two worlds, those being of course Vulcan, which has since been destroyed, and Earth. New Vulcan, is not the place that I knew as Vulcan. The situation has called for changes and those changes has made it difficult for New Vulcan to be a home to me. Perhaps, in time with more of my own development, if in fact I evolve more while on the planet, I will consider it home. Earth, while familiar in many ways, is also not a place that I openly consider home. My remaining Vulcan family members being there is not a reason for it to be called home. The fact that my mother was born on Earth, or even the fact that I lived as a citizen there throughout years at Starfleet Academy does not make it my home, either. Therefore, the Enterprise is my home, as well. For logical reasons, as well as the fact that it…" He cleared his throat, "Feels right." Styik gave him a tight hug, unable to resist, then quickly caught himself, pulled away and straightened himself out. "In that case, Father," he said, casually. "It is really good to be home." They watched Earth vanish outside of the window, as they left. Nyota found them and threw her hands in the air, "Hey! There you are. The babies are asleep and we have a mission in a matter of hours. Come on. Let's go home," she said and reached for each of their hands. She meant to their quarters, of course. She loved to visit Tanzania and she missed the place where she grew up, but for her, there was no place like the Enterprise, like home. And they were back. The door of their quarters swooshed open and for the first time in a year, they were settled in the place that they knew best. The place where they built. The place where they grew. Their family's home. The Starship Enterprise.
