Jim Kirk stood looking out the window in his extensive office at Starfleet Headquarters. He had been an admiral for two years now and had even taught some classes at Starfleet Academy. He had been surprised when he was asked to do that, but the classes had been about space exploration. He did not claim to be an expert on the subject, but he supposed maybe he knew more than the average admiral. He had had plenty of feedback because he was one of the most casually dressed admirals in Starfleet when he was in the office. He did not like wearing that uniform every day. Sometimes he wore his uniforms he had worn on the ship which now had his Admiral's insignia on them. He had definitely enjoyed the time he had spent with Carol and Alex during the two years, and he had stayed in touch with Bones, who was living on Pacifica now as a doctor. Spock had taken command of the Enterprise which was under Jim's direction, so he was always talking to Spock, or Uhura. Spock had attempted to get Bones to be the ship's doctor again, but he had informed him that he had done his time in the darkness and silence, and had no desire to do any more time there. Jim and Carol had not gone to Pacifica yet, but they were planning to soon. Bones had been asking him to come there since he moved there. Jim had seen Bones change a great deal since he moved to Pacifica. He actually seemed happy part of the time. He definitely smiled and laughed more and was not near as sarcastic. However, he had not given up all his sarcasm. He could always think of something bad that could happen when Jim told him about things that happened at the Academy. With all those different species there from all those different planets, I'm surprised there hasn't already been some sort of outbreak. Jim almost laughed as he remembered Bones saying that. Jim had to admit, he felt bored at times staying there all the time. He was happy with his life, but he missed the adventure of being out in space not knowing what would happen next. How could he miss all that danger? He could remember all the times that he did not know if he would come out alive or not. Still, he did miss it. He did not let Carol know that. She liked the life they had now without worrying about strange planets and hostile species who wanted to kill them. Just then, Jim's intercom whistled. He went over to his desk. "Yes?" he said. Ajah, his secretary, said, "You have a call from Kronos, Sir." "Send it through." Ajah pressed the button that sent the transmission to Jim's com system. Ajah had become Jim's secretary after they left the Enterprise. He was from Nervala Four where Jim and the crew had discovered that Ajah and some others had been victims of an inhuman experiment, and their DNA had been crossed with that of a Capellan Power Cat. Ajah still had the ability to manipulate electricity, but he was a very solemn person, and had created many holo-novels for ships and other holodecks. Jim activated his com system and Chancellor Gorkon appeared on the screen. "Chancellor," Jim said. "It's good to see you." "It is good to see you as well, Admiral Kirk," Gorkon replied. "I wish that I contacted you sometime when there is not trouble, but it seems there is hardly ever a time when there is none." "Transitions to peace and a different way of life are never easy." "You are right." "What's going on?" "The rogue Klingon factions have attacked the capital city again. I regret to inform you that Lolak has been killed." Jim frowned. Lolak had rescued him when he was captured by the rogue Klingons. He had always called Jim Young Captain and Young Admiral. "I'm sorry to hear that," he said. "He died with honor, trying to protect me. Korax was also wounded, but he will survive." "Is everything okay now?" "It is not. I fear they will attack again, but we will fight. There are many more of us than of them." Jim had a feeling that this transmission was not just to tell him that they would fight. "Do you need help?" he asked, wondering if Gorkon was too prideful to ask. Gorkon stood up straighter. "They refuse to negotiate with us," he said. "They feel that the Klingon way of life is being threatened by this peace treaty with the Federation." "Can't they see by now that it's not?" "They are unreasonable. You have been an Ambassador for us. Would you take on that task once again?" Jim tried not to let his shock at that question show. He could imagine Carol's reaction if he said he was going to Klingon space to negotiate with hostile Klingons. "Uh, well, I would like to help, Chancellor, but…" "You would have great honor among the Klingons if you negotiate this treaty." Jim had thought he already had great honor among the Klingons since he did not have to worry about them kidnapping him anymore. "I have to talk to the head of Starfleet," he said. "I can't just go without approval." "Yes. I would speak to your leader if it will help." Jim wanted to say that he would have to talk to his wife too, but he knew how Klingons felt about that. "I'll get back to you, Sir." Gorkon did his usual salute with a fist across the chest. Jim ended the transmission and blew out a breath. How would he explain this to Carol? How would he even explain it to Admiral Winston? Well, he did not think it would be very difficult to get Admiral Winston to agree. He seemed to only tolerate him around there anyway. He did not think the Admiral liked him very much. Jim pressed his intercom button. "Ajah, could you come in here?" he asked. "Be right there, Sir," Ajah replied. Ajah soon came in the door. He still had his glowing eyes which were a leftover part of his DNA being mixed with a Power Cat. However, everyone had grown used to seeing him, even if he was sitting at his desk creating an electricity display with his fingers. He wore a Starfleet uniform now though as he walked into Jim's office and stood at attention. "Admiral." "At ease," Jim said. "Have a seat." Ajah sat down. He had brought a notepad with him. "Did you need something?" he asked. "That transmission from Chancellor Gorkon…he wants me to be their Ambassador and negotiate with the rogue Klingons." Ajah frowned at that. "Are you going to do it?" he asked. Jim blew out a breath. "I don't know, but Gorkon has a lot of confidence in me, and he doesn't seem to think that I would say no. How can I say no? It could help them finally stop all these battles." "It would be very dangerous." Jim nodded. "No doubt about that. I think the most dangerous thing for me would be telling Carol about it." Ajah snickered at that but wiped the smirk off his face as Jim scowled at him. "I don't think this is funny," Jim said. "Neither do I, Sir," Ajah replied. Jim thought that sounded a bit sarcastic. "I don't even know if Admiral Winston will approve of this anyway." Ajah knew everything that went on in the office. He thought Admiral Winston would probably be glad that Jim left for a while. Although he was not in space, he had created quite a stir around this office as well. Jim was not the typical admiral, but he could be just as stern. "You're awfully quiet," Jim said. "You think he'll jump at the chance to get me out of here?" "No sir," Ajah replied. "You're a terrible liar." "Thank you." "You admit you're lying?" "Yes." "You are no help." "Would it not be better if the Klingons had peace in their space?" Ajah asked. "Sure, it would." "And if you could help bring that about, would it not be worth it?" "I'm sure it would, but I don't know that I could, and I'd be in a lot of danger trying." "I will go and be your bodyguard. I am sure Helek would be happy to go as well." Jim would not doubt that. They had been bodyguards for him more than once. There were always hostile beings around. He was sure Solan would be happy to go as well. Solan had been working in transport and delivery with his ship as well as other transport ships. Jim did not think he was very happy with that, but he had developed a relationship with Priscilla, and that job gave him the time to stay with her. Helek worked in maintenance. He had the same abilities with electricity that Ajah had, and he loved working with power conduits. "I'll talk to Admiral Winston after I talk to Carol," Jim said. "I'll talk to her tonight though, not over a transmission." "Admiral, if I may say so…I believe that this would be a noble mission, and I also believe it is an honor that the Klingons would request that you help them." Jim nodded. "Yeah. You're dismissed, Ajah. Just let me know if there are anymore calls." "Yes sir." Ajah went back out to his desk. He had worked with Korax plenty of times and had grown to have great respect for him. He knew what it was like to try and fit into a culture where one was different. It had taken a long time for people to stop staring at him because of his glowing yellow eyes, but he supposed they had to realize he was not dangerous. Jim wanted to talk to Admiral Winston now, but he would not talk to him until he spoke to Carol. She was always angrier that he did not talk about things to her before he volunteered. However, he would call Spock and have him keep the Enterprise on stand-by, because he intended to take this trip on that ship. He sent a transmission to the Enterprise which was out at Jupiter Station delivering supplies. Spock was sitting in the captain's chair aboard the Enterprise approving the supplies that they were delivering. "Captain, we have a transmission from Earth," Uhura said. "It's from Admiral Kirk." "On screen," Spock replied. He looked at the viewscreen as Jim appeared there. Spock was not surprised to see that Jim was not in uniform but was wearing what he "felt" like wearing. "Admiral." "Afternoon, Spock," Jim said. "How's the mission going?" "Very smoothly. Is there a problem?" "Oh, no, there's no problem. I just want you to keep the Enterprise on stand-by after this mission. You may have to take me somewhere." "You will be aboard the Enterprise?" "Yes. I may be going on a diplomatic mission." "To where, may I ask?" "Kronos." Everyone on the Bridge was surprised by that as they all looked at the viewscreen. "May I ask what the purpose is?" Spock asked. "Well…I'll fill you in more later," Jim said. "Just be ready. I want you back to Earth once you're done with that delivery." "Yes, Admiral." "Kirk out." Jim ended the transmission. He was sure no one wanted to get into anymore conflicts with the Klingons, and he did not either, but he would have to do whatever Admiral Winston decided. As Jim left the office, it was getting dark outside. He thought he might just walk home. He had a lot of thinking to do and he hoped Chancellor Gorkon did not contact Admiral Winston before he had a chance to tell him about the request himself. He could not deny that he was anticipating this mission and might even be a little anxious. It had been a struggle for him to become the captain of that ship after all. Now, he was an admiral, a husband, a father, and he liked that…but he missed that ship. Jim walked into the apartment that he shared with Carol and Alex. "Honey, I'm home," he said, as he usually did. Carol came to the bedroom door. "Welcome home, Admiral," she replied. Jim smiled. "So, how has your day been?" "Like usual. I've looked over parts for weapons, and new technology until I hope I never see another. What about your day?" Jim was silent a moment as he took his jacket off. Carol waited for him to answer. "Something interesting happen today?" she asked. "You might say that," Jim said. "Oh, and you want to talk about it? Is it something about a mission?" "Yeah." "Well, I have us something prepared for a nice dinner, so why don't we go to the dining room and you can tell me about it?" Jim nodded. "Where's Alex?" "Sleeping." "Okay." Jim followed her to the dining room and they sat down at the table that was already fixed. "So, shall we talk now or after we eat?" Carol asked. "I think I just want to talk now," Jim replied. "Okay. But why don't we eat at the same time? I'm starved." Jim smiled. "Okay." He looked at his plate but was not sure he was very hungry at the moment. "Chancellor Gorkon contacted me today." Carol stopped what she was doing. "The Klingon chancellor?" "Yes. There was an attack on the capital city. Lolak was killed." Carol's surprise and sadness at that was apparent. She was not sure what to say. She knew Lolak had risked his life to help Jim. "What did he want you to do?" "He wants me to be their ambassador to the rogue Klingons." Carol almost stood up. "What?! Are you serious?" "Now, Carol…" "You're actually considering doing that? Do you have any idea how dangerous that would be? You're a husband and a father now, Jim. You can't just go running off on these dangerous missions!" Jim was propping on his hand waiting for her to stop. "I haven't even discussed it with Admiral Winston yet," he said. "But you're going to!" "I have to. It's an official request, Carol. I can't just ignore it." Carol blew out a breath. "I realize that, but you'll go if he wants you to," she said. "You know better than that. If he orders me to go, I'll have to. I can't just say, no I'm not going. I wanted to talk to you first." Carol was silent a moment. "So you talked to me before you talked to the admiral?" "Yeah. But I have to tell him, if Gorkon hasn't told him already." "You know he'll want you to go." "It's possible. I'm not exactly an expert at negotiating." "But Gorkon has great respect for you. He would not want anyone else." "You're probably right. I'm sure he's going to have them come to a neutral place. I won't be going to their planet." "Right. And you'll have bodyguards with you." "Yeah. Ajah and Helek, and probably Solan too." "The usual. Jim, I don't want to be unreasonable, but I don't want you in danger." "I know that, but maybe I can help them." "Or maybe you could be captured again." "Let's try to have a little optimism." "Oh, Jim. I'm not sure I can." "I'll be going on the Enterprise. It's the most advanced ship in the fleet. Spock will be with me too." "What about Doctor McCoy?" "I haven't asked him yet. But there's a doctor on the ship." "I won't be with you this time." "I know, but I'll stay in touch." "I don't want you to go, but I won't argue with you if Admiral Winston tells you to go." "Thank you." "But I won't like it." Jim chuckled at that. "That's okay." "And after you get back, we're going on our vacation." "Right." Carol folded her arms. "Jim Kirk, I think you're sassing me." "Me? I would never." Carol hated the idea that he would go into Klingon space, but she was sure that's what he would do…
"Are you out of your mind?" Leonard McCoy asked as he was on Jim's viewscreen, talking to him from Pacifica where he and his fiancé, Andrea Farnsworth, now lived. "You're not actually thinking of taking that mission, are you?" "I am," Jim replied. "And I want you to go with me as the ship's doctor." Bones shook his head. "Why did I know this was going to eventually happen?" He wanted to say NO, but if he did not go, he would be worried about Jim the whole time he was gone on that crazy mission. And if something happened to him, he would blame himself the rest of his life. "Jim, that mission is crazy! It might as well be suicide. Do you know what those Klingons would do to you if they captured you? You're even an admiral now!" "Bones…" "NO! Don't argue with me. You can't do this. You have a family now." "I'm not even certain that I'm going, Bones. I have to tell the admiral. It's an official request, and if he orders me to go, I have to. I would just like to have the best doctor with me." Bones pointed at him. "That's bribery! Flattery! You think you can flatter me into going on this crazy mission?" "It was worth a shot." Bones glared at him and the transmission ended. "Bones?" Jim could not believe he hung up on him. "How do you like that? He hung up on an admiral. He wouldn't do that if it were Admiral Winston." Jim realized he was talking to himself. He was in his office alone. Anyway, he had to go and discuss this with Admiral Winston. He had to have an appointment to see him today. Apparently, he was incredibly busy. As Jim walked out of his office, he straightened his uniform, and made sure his hat was not too wrinkled. He looked at the Admiral's insignia on it. He supposed he did not act like an admiral a lot of the time. What would he do if anyone else ended a transmission like Bones did? He supposed he was rather laid back. He supposed he did not like making people afraid of him. Maybe he would figure out some sort of punishment for Bones. No, he would not. Jim put his hat on as he stood outside his office door. Ajah stood up from his desk. "I'd be glad to go with you, Sir, if you want me to," he said. "No, that's alright, Ajah," Jim replied. "Just keep track of any messages." "You know I will." Jim walked out to the turbo lift that would take him up to the floor where Admiral Winston's office was. The doors opened, and he was on his way. He supposed he would just walk into the office and tell the admiral what was going on, and then he would have to listen to him make up his mind whether he should go on this mission or not. He hoped he would not object to him taking the Enterprise. Why would he? That ship was under his direction, even if he was not the captain. The lift doors opened, and Jim stepped out. The Ensign who was Admiral Winston's secretary stood up at attention when she saw Jim. "Admiral," she said. "Admiral Winston is expecting you. You can go on in." "Thank you, Ensign," Jim replied. Jim paused at the door before he went into Admiral Winston's office. "Come on in and sit down, Kirk," Admiral Winston said. Jim sat down in the chair across from Winston, which he did not usually do. He usually had to stand up the whole time he was being chewed out. Then again, he was not in trouble this time, but had requested this meeting. He still sat up straight. "So, what is so urgent?" Admiral Winston asked. "I received a request from Chancellor Gorkon," Jim replied. "Ah, yes. He called me this morning." Jim was surprised. "I wasn't aware of that." Winston leaned on his desk and looked at Jim as though he were trying to figure something out. "He wants you to be ambassador for him to the hostile Klingons. I told him that was way too dangerous. He assured me that they would meet on a neutral world, and that you would be heavily guarded. Did he tell you all that?" "Yes, Sir," Jim answered. "I told him I would have to discuss it with you." "But you waited until today." "Well…" "Never mind. Do you think you can help this situation?" "I would certainly try, Sir. I wanted to take the Enterprise." Winston chuckled at that. "I'm not surprised at that," he said. "You're chomping at the bit?" "I wouldn't say that, but it would be nice to be aboard the Enterprise again." Winston leaned back in his chair. "This is an awfully risky mission, Kirk," he said. "However, I think it might be quiet around here with you gone for a while." Jim was not sure how to respond to that. "I didn't know I was so much trouble, Sir," he said. "Not trouble, Kirk." Winston stood up, and Jim stood as well. "I don't like this mission, Kirk," Winston said. "I don't like sending anyone into a situation like this. You could be killed or captured." Jim swallowed hard. He had already thought about all this. "I know." "If you were killed, I feel like the peace process with the Klingons would completely collapse." "I don't think that would happen, Sir." "You just see that you have enough security to get back here." "Does that mean you're approving the mission?" "Of course…although I don't like it. It's necessary. Just don't get yourself killed." "I don't intend to." As Jim walked out of that office, he could hardly believe the admiral approved of that mission. Now, he had to get everything in order to get going. First, he had to inform Chancellor Gorkon that he was coming and find out when they wanted him to be there. He was sure they would still have to arrange the meeting. Jim arrived back at his office. "Ajah, get Chancellor Gorkon for me," he said as he walked through. "Yes sir," Ajah replied and went right to work. He supposed this meant Admiral Kirk was going on the mission. He thought he could stand a few days out of this office. And maybe he would get another idea for a holo-novel. Jim went on into his office and hung up his hat. He did not like wearing that hat, but he always took it with him. He paced back and forth thinking about this mission. He had to tell Spock that the mission was on, and he also had to tell Carol. He did not think he had felt this nervous since…he did not know when. Just then, the intercom whistled. "Yes?" he answered. "Admiral, Chancellor Gorkon is waiting," Ajah said. "Transfer it for me." Jim turned on the com system and Chancellor Gorkon appeared on the screen. "Admiral," Gorkon said. "Have you spoken to your leader?" "I have," Jim replied. "He gave me permission to go on the mission. He wants to make sure I'm not going to be vulnerable while I'm there." "You will be heavily guarded, like I promised. I will set up the meeting. It may take a few days." "Alright. Just let me know when. I have to get a crew together and then we'll be there." "I look forward to seeing you again, Admiral." The transmission ended. Jim leaned back in his chair and looked out the window. He would be in space again, and even in Klingon space. He really had not thought he would see Klingon space again. He thought about Bones and smiled. He could put in a request with the Admiral that Bones be sent with him on the Enterprise, but he thought he would not do that. Ajah came into the office. "You had a call from Doctor McCoy while you were gone," he said. "Did he leave a message?" Jim asked. "No. He just said he would call back later." "Thanks. I think I'll call him." Jim sent a message to Pacifica for Doctor McCoy. It was only a few minutes before he got an answer. "Bones, you tried to contact me again?" Jim asked. "I shouldn't have hung up on you like that," Bones said. "I wouldn't do that to any other Admiral." "I know. I thought about that. I could have reprimanded you for that." "But you won't." "Don't tempt me. You're too sure of that." "Is this what you called to argue about?" "No. I called to tell you that I'm going on the mission to Klingon space." Bones' mouth dropped open. "You're kidding!" he exclaimed. "Are you out of your mind? Or is Admiral Winston out of his mind?" "I wouldn't let him hear me say that if I were you." "Jim, that's crazy! You can't go on that mission!" "Yes I can, and I want you to go with me." "Don't make me go with you. You know I don't want to go into Klingon space." "Yes, you do. I need you to go with me. You're the best doctor there is." "I wouldn't go that far. Jim, I don't want to go on any more missions. For two years I've been here on Pacifica just doctoring people who sprain their ankles and almost drown, and…I'm completely miserable." "What?" "Nothing happens here! A few people come up with some sort of virus or something, but it's nothing like what went on with the Enterprise. I mean, we were always going onto strange planets." Jim just sat there a moment and absorbed that. "Are you saying that you want to go on this mission?" "I'm dying here! I can't believe I'm saying it. I thought this was what I wanted…a life of luxury, never having any trouble or threats. I have it. Why do I feel like I'm bored out of my gourd?" "You said that once before. Then you said you wanted to go back in the gourd." "You always have to bring up something, don't you?" "Hey, when you're with people for five years on a ship, you have a lot to bring up." "When are you leaving on this suicide mission?" "It's not a suicide mission." "You coulda fooled me." "We'll leave as soon as I can get all the details in order. Gotta get the Enterprise back here and we'll have to pick you up on the way." "Andrea's not going to like this. What does Carol think about you going on this mission?" "She doesn't like it, but she knows how important it is." Bones frowned. "What if you're not successful though? What if you're captured or killed? What's that going to do to the peace talks? Those Klingons who think so highly of you will be trying to get revenge." "We're just going to be careful, Bones. After all, I'm going to have bodyguards." "You already got all that set up?" "Not really." "You better get started. Everyone can't just drop everything and take off with you." "I know that. I'll see you in a few days." "Sure." "Kirk out." Bones lay his head over on his desk when that transmission ended. What was he doing? He dreaded this whole thing, but he did not want his friend going off to Klingon space without a good doctor along. How did he know how good that doctor on the Enterprise was? What if Jim was sliced with a bat'leth? He had let himself get pulled into another dangerous mission, and this just might be the most dangerous one of all. Jim talked to Solan after tracking him down. He was very happy to get back onboard the Enterprise. "When do we leave?" he asked. "I'll get the orders ready and I'm not sure when we're leaving," Jim said. "I'll be waiting." Jim was glad at least one person was happy about this mission. Helek had been happy to go along as well. They would be Jim's bodyguards like Ajah had said. Jim was trying not to feel excited about this trip, but he could not help it…
Jim Kirk stood at the boarding ramp of the shuttle that would take him up to the Enterprise. He was dressed in his uniform that he had always worn on the ship, except it now had more stripes on it. Ajah and Helek arrived, each carrying a bag. "Good morning, Admiral," Helek said. "Morning," Jim replied. "It's a nice day for a flight, isn't it?" "I think so." Solan arrived next. He would be piloting the shuttle up to the Enterprise. "Howdy, Admiral," he said. "Morning," Jim replied and noticed that Priscilla was with Solan. "Don't worry. She's just here to say goodbye." "I guess you two are getting along well?" "Absolutely." "You will stay in touch, won't you?" Priscilla asked as she put her arms around Solan's neck. "You know I will," Solan said. They shared a kiss that made Jim want to blush. He turned around to go on into the ship himself, but before he went up the ramp, someone called, "Admiral!" Jim looked to see Admiral Winston coming that way. He stood at attention. "Admiral Winston," he said. Solan almost gasped and stood at attention himself. Priscilla waved to him as she walked away. "I just wanted to see you off, Admiral," Winston said. "We haven't always seen eye to eye, but I wish you luck on this mission." "Thank you, Sir." They saluted each other, and then Jim and Solan went on into the shuttle. "That kiss ought to keep you warm while we're gone," Jim murmured. "Ha, ha," Solan replied. Jim chuckled as he went on up the ramp. "Admiral on deck!" someone yelled, and everyone stood at attention. "As you were, Everyone!" Jim said. He thought that was embarrassing sometimes when everyone stood at attention when he walked in. He and Solan went up to the cockpit. "The shuttle is prepped, Sir," John McCoy said as he stood at attention. "Thank you," Jim replied. "At ease." Solan got into the pilot's seat. "Everyone aboard?" he asked. "Yes. Let's get going." Solan piloted the shuttle up to the Enterprise which was docked in orbit. They were soon inside the Enterprise. Spock was waiting when Jim descended the ramp. "Admiral, it is good to have you aboard," he said. "Good to see you, Spock," Jim replied. "At ease." "I gladly allow you to command the ship while on this mission, Jim." Jim smiled. "Just like old times. Right?" "Yes." "Try not to treat me different. I'm still the same person I was before." "Not entirely. You are now an admiral, and this crew will show you the proper respect." "Right." "Shall we make our way to the Bridge?" "Lead on, Captain." Solan, Helek, and Ajah followed them but stopped to be assigned guest quarters while on the ship. As Jim walked onto the Bridge, everyone stood at attention. "Admiral on deck!" someone said. "As you were," Jim said. He looked at Spock. "Mister Formality." "Would you rather they would not respect you as an admiral?" "Of course not, Spock. I guess I'm just still trying to get used to all that even after two years. I'm usually at the office. I'm not on a ship full of people who jump every time I walk in the room." "They are simply being respectful." "I know. Thanks, Spock." Jim stood in front of the viewscreen and looked out into space. "The ship is ready to go, Sir," the new pilot, Lieutenant Ashley Jarvis, said. "Take us out, Lieutenant," Jim replied. "You may take the command chair, Admiral," Spock said. "Thank you, Mister Spock. I don't mind if I do." Jim sat down in the captain's chair, and he had to admit he had missed being there. He watched as the ship was smoothly turned around toward space. "Punch it," he said and watched the stars disappear into a warp field. "We should arrive at Pacifica in four days," Spock said. "Thanks." "I assume Doctor McCoy agreed to this mission and was not ordered to go." "You assume correctly. Although, I think he's going to do plenty of complaining." "As usual. I believe we would be worried if he were not complaining. I have not seen the doctor since we parted ways, although I have spoken to him briefly." "I've stayed in touch with him. He's doing fine, but he says he bored out of his gourd." "Another of the doctor's strange and colorful expressions. I find myself trying to decipher his odd way of expressing himself many times." Jim smiled. "You two are definitely nothing alike." "Is his relationship with Andrea going well?" "Yes. They're engaged." "Do you believe we will be invited to the wedding?" "I'm sure we will, Spock. After all, we're his friends. Don't worry, he's not as brusque as he pretends to be." "I realize this. However, at times, it is hard to decipher whether he truly intends to be distant." "Are we talking about our friend to his back?" "I believe we are simply anticipating being in his company again." Jim smiled. "That's a good way to put it. I think it'll be fun to have the three of us together again." Spock had to admit to himself that he had missed his friends. When he first began being captain of the Enterprise, he had found himself wondering what Jim would do in certain situations. After four days, they arrived at Pacifica where they would pick up Leonard McCoy. Jim sat in the captain's chair while Uhura hailed Bones. He soon answered. "Well, Doctor McCoy," Jim said. "You ready to go into Klingon space?" "I'm as ready as I'll ever be," Bones replied. "I'm ready to beam up." "Mister Scott, beam Doctor McCoy onboard." "Right away, Sir," Scotty answered over the intercom. Bones was soon onboard the ship and went to the Bridge. Jim stood up as he entered. "Do I have to ask permission?" Bones asked. Jim narrowed his eyes slightly. "Stand at attention," he said. Bones just stood there a moment, but then he stood at attention. "Next time I call you, you won't hang up on me just because you don't like what I'm saying, will you?" Jim asked. Bones glared at him slightly. "No, Sir," he replied. Jim stopped in front of him. "Are you being insubordinate?" "Do you have to do this right here in front of everyone?" "Seems like everyone else around here respects me." "Jim, can we talk about this in private?" "What?" Bones thought Jim was not going to let up. He took a deep breath. "Admiral, can we talk about this in private?" he asked. "Fine. At ease." "That's a fine welcome when I agreed to go with you on this suicide mission." "Hey, I had to get your dander up a little." "Ha, ha. So, when are they expecting us?" "In about four days. We're getting on the way now." "I just tell you, Andrea didn't like it too well that I'm going on this mission." "I can't say Carol was particularly happy about it." Jim frowned. "And I miss her. I'm used to being with her every day. The last four days have been torture." "Don't mention torture. So, what are you going to tell the Klingons?" "I don't know yet. You know how that is." Spock came onto the Bridge. "Well, if it isn't old pointy ears," Bones said. "Long time, no see." "I am pleased to see you as well, Leonard," Spock replied. "So, how's it been being captain on this tub?" "It is quite enjoyable at times." "I think it might be a little different this time with Jim around." "I resent that," Jim said. "Shall we go to the conference room?" Bones and Spock followed Jim to the conference room and they sat at the table. "So, what do you intend to say to get them to stop fighting?" Bones asked. "I don't know," Jim said. "The reason I'm here is because Chancellor Gorkon trusts me, and he requested me." "Yeah, but he doesn't know how bad your negotiating skills are." "I think I've done pretty well a few times." "I agree, Admiral," Spock said. "Doctor McCoy is simply being his usual pessimistic self." "This is serious, guys," Jim said. "I don't really know what would make them want to agree with the treaty." "You should listen to what they have to say first," Spock replied. "You must listen to both sides before you try to put in your suggestions." "I realize that, but I just don't think I've had much luck negotiating with the Klingons." "But yet, the chancellor trusts you." "You know what else? He wants us to pick him up at Kronos and take him to the negotiations." "That is also understandable." Bones leaned back in the chair he sat in. "What if there is some sort of assassin among his own people and they get aboard the Enterprise?" he asked. "No one would think that I would kill the chancellor," Jim declared. "Jim, it only takes one loud mouth to cause a riot, and then you're in front of a Klingon court and being sent to who knows where to rot in a prison for murder." "Relax, Bones." "I'm serious. I just don't see anything good coming out of this. How can you negotiate with people who feel like they're threatened by the peace process?" "Jim, I do see the doctor's point," Spock said. "Not you too," Jim replied. "I do not share his dire opinion of the outcome. However, I do not have the confidence in this mission to believe that anything will be accomplished." "If we get in and out of there alive, that'll be an accomplishment," Bones said. "We're going to a neutral world for this," Jim reminded them. "We're not going to their world. If they get hostile on that world, they'll be arrested." "That's the simple way of looking at it." "That's the only way we can look at it. We at least have to try…don't you agree?" "Yes," Spock said. "I guess," Bones added. "But just stay out of the way of bat'leths. I don't want to have to piece you back together." "Don't worry. There won't be any weapons like that in the negotiations. No one will need weapons for this." Bones laughed. "Do you really think those Klingons are going to want to give up their weapons to go into this negotiation with people they don't trust?" "It's worth a try." "I believe we should discuss this matter further," Spock said. "Do you really want to go into this meeting with no weapon?" "I don't think we should discuss that anymore," Jim replied. "Do you?" Bones and Spock just stared at him a moment. They wondered what he had up his sleeve, but they knew he did not trust those Klingons…plus, he was taking Solan along. Bones shook his head. "This is going to be a bomb just waiting to explode," he said. "I hate to agree with you, but I believe you may be correct," Spock replied.
The Enterprise arrived at Kronos, the Klingon home world. Jim, Spock, and Bones stood in front of the viewscreen looking at the planet. They had not thought they would see this planet again with its greenish hues. "Are we going down there?" Bones asked. "No," Jim said. "They're going to beam up, and we're going in an armada of Klingon ships." "Well, maybe we'll look really dangerous." Jim was standing at the transporter pad when Chancellor Gorkon arrived, along with Grakar and Jirrok, among others. Jim bowed slightly in greeting. "Chancellor, welcome aboard," he said. Grakar stepped down from the transporter. "It is good to see you again, my friend," he said. "Korax would have been here, but he could not come." "I understand. It's good to see you as well. We have quarters for all of you while you're aboard. And Spock is the captain of the Enterprise now, so if you need anything, you should ask him, and he will see to it that you're accommodated." "I have heard that you have even been a teacher since your promotion." "On occasion." "I think you would make a good teacher of courage." Jim was surprised to hear that, especially coming from a Klingon. For them to think he had courage, he thought he must have done more than he had thought. "Thank you. I was sorry to hear about Lolak. I had hoped to see all my friends again." "Lolak died with honor. He was protecting me, and I will forever be grateful. His family shall always have a special place in mine." Jim went on back to the Bridge and let Spock and the others show the Klingons to their temporary quarters. Jim was even more nervous about this meeting now. They were on their way to Nimbus III, which was a neutral planet where the peace talks would occur. Spock returned to the Bridge after he was done with getting the visitors settled. "Admiral, I am trying to be optimistic about this peace treaty," Spock said. "However, I am finding it difficult to believe that anything good will come of this meeting." "No one thought anything good would come of the peace talks between the Klingons and the Federation either, but things have settled down a lot." "Yes, but these Klingons are the ones who continue to attack their own because they believe that their culture and way of life is going to change into what the Federation thinks they should do." "I realize that, but if we could convince them…" "Jim, I am afraid that these Klingons are going to see you as the one who has caused the entire conflict." "Why? I only tried to help them." "You were very active during the war." "At least the Romulans are mostly out of this." "I would not be so sure of that." "You're just a ray of sunshine today, aren't you? Do you know something that I don't know?" "These Klingons are known to corroborate with rogue Romulans as well as Nausicaans. I would be cautious, Jim." "Don't worry. We're going to be cautious, and they won't be allowed to bring weapons in, not even honorable ones." Spock was silent a moment. "I assume that you will find a way around this rule?" "Why, Spock, I'm shocked at that suggestion. You think I'm going to be dishonorable?" Spock raised an eyebrow. "Only subtly, Admiral." "Thanks a lot, Spock." "I would like to know your plan." "I'm going to try and talk some sense into these rogue Klingons and if it doesn't work, we're going to get out of there as quickly as possible." "How do you intend to do that?" "Well, I don't know yet, but we'll think of something like we always do." Spock was sure this situation would not be like any they had been in before. Then again, he knew that Jim Kirk could find his way out of anything. He hoped he could anyway. When they arrived at Nimbus III with their escort of Klingon ships, they immediately knew they were not the only Klingon ships there. There were four Klingon war birds orbiting the planet. Jim and Spock stood looking at them out the viewport. "I hope they're intimidated by our friends," Jim said quietly. "Captain, we're being hailed," Uhura said. "On screen," Jim and Spock said at the same time. "Sorry," Jim said. "That is quite alright," Spock replied. A Klingon appeared on the viewscreen, and he was not looking pleased to see them at all. "You finally arrive," he said loudly. "We're on time," Jim replied, unwilling to be outwitted by the Klingon, nor intimidated. "You always arrive early so you can look better?" The Klingon practically growled at him. "You've always been outspoken, Admiral Kirk." "Well, you know my name. What's yours?" "A name you should get used to: Duras." "I hope we can have these peace talks without any conflict." "I promise nothing. You want to change the Klingon way of life, and our weak chancellor goes along with you. He will not be in power forever. The House of Duras will soon be in power!" "We didn't come here to talk about that." "I came here to tell you that I will not submit to this new way of life! You waste your time if you think I will give up the Klingon ways." "No one is telling you to do that. Can't you at least listen before you make up your mind?" "We will listen only because we agreed to. It would be dishonorable to go back on our word." "Good. Just so you don't forget, there won't be any weapons allowed." "Does that include your group as well?" "Of course." "We will make sure." The transmission ended. "Well, this is getting off to a good start," Bones said as he had walked in and heard part of that conversation. "Are you really going down there?" "Yes, we're going down there," Jim replied. He blew out a breath. "We might as well get this started." He turned to Spock. "You should stay aboard the Enterprise and be ready to beam us out of there." "Yes, Admiral," Spock said. "I was hoping to go with you." "I'll just take Bones with me. Don't worry, Solan, Ajah, and Helek will be there." "They are quite formidable." "Yeah, so, I think we're gonna be alright." Jim left the Bridge, followed by Bones. "I don't think I have to tell you that I don't like this situation," Bones said. "No, you don't," Jim replied. "I don't like it much, but I'm going to try. I have to do that." "You could have held this conference over the intercom so if anyone gets hostile, they can't touch anyone they don't like." "Bones, the first thing to do is trust each other. If we can't even get into the same room on the same planet, it will never work. Besides, if they were on their ships, they could start shooting at each other." "If they all start slinging bat'leths at each other, I don't think anyone's going to come out loving each other." Jim shook his head. He thought Bones always had to point out the direst situation that could occur. "You're a barrel of laughs." "I hope there's some kind of humor in this." Gorkon and the other Klingons also met them on the transporter pad. They did not seem to be the least bit worried, and there were no visible weapons on their persons. Jim blew out a nervous breath. "Okay, Scotty, energize," he said. "Good luck, Sir," Scotty replied. He watched them vanish from the transporter pad, and he hoped they would appear there in the same shape that they left. Jim and the others arrived at the coordinates on the planet that they had been given. There was a barrier between them and the conference room where the talks would take place, and that barrier was where everyone would pass through to make sure they had no weapons. As they approached the barrier, they could see the other Klingons on the other side as they stood with their arms folded. "I will pass through first," Gorkon volunteered. "With all due respect, Sir, I think I should go through first," Jim replied. "After all, I'm the ambassador." "I do not fear Duras and his mob." "I'm sure you don't, but I still think I should go first." "As you wish." "Perhaps I should go before you, Admiral," Grakar said. "If they try to harm you, I would slit their throats." Jim scowled at that. "With what? We can't carry weapons in." "Then with my bare hands." "That's alright. There are guards." Jim blew out a breath. He could certainly feel the tension and distrust in this bunch. He hoped he could accomplish something in this meeting rather than making things even worse. He walked up to the scanner and walked through it. Of course, there were no weapons detected. Jim stepped closer to the other Klingons who all looked hostile to him. He forced himself not to swallow hard. He bowed slightly. "I'm Admiral…" "We know who you are, Admiral Kirk," Duras spat as though it tasted bad to even say Jim's name. "Well, I see we're getting off to a good start." "Humph!" The next to come through the scanner was Grakar. He walked up behind Jim and folded his arms. "Duras," he said. "You are a traitor, Grakar," Duras replied. "I? You are the traitor!" "Guys, let's try not to be hostile," Jim said. "We want to keep this civil." "How can you be civil when dealing with such a traitor as this one?" "By not calling each other names. Let's just try." Grakar stood up straighter. "I can be civil. I am not such a one as this who attacks his own!" Jim almost rolled his eyes as he thought he had just started something else. Duras almost growled at Grakar. "At least I am not a coward!" he exclaimed. Gorkon walked up next. "We will not have this argument!" he declared. "You are not my leader!" Duras said. "I do not have to listen to you!" "Alright, let's all just be quiet," Jim interrupted. "I certainly do not have to listen to you, puny one!" "Do not call my friend puny!" Grakar shot back. Helek and Ajah arrived next with their glowing eyes. Duras pointed. "They should not be allowed in this meeting!" he declared. "They have the ability to use their bodies as weapons!" "So do you!" Jim replied before he thought. "They are my bodyguards." The next to arrive was Solan. He just stared at the Klingons. They knew Solan very well because he had obtained a reputation before he ever met up with Jim Kirk. "This one cannot be trusted," Duras said. "We know him." "You think he could bring weapons through there without it being known?" Jim asked. "If it can be done!" Jim knew Solan had a way of doing everything, but he would not say so. Soon, everyone, including Bones was inside, so they went on into the conference room. Duras and his followers went to one table, and Jim and the others went to another, and they were facing each other. Jim sat in the middle of the table with Grakar and Gorkon on each side. "You take sides!" Duras declared. "You sit with the side you favor!" Jim frowned. He thought he could do nothing right. "Fine," he said and stood up. He walked around the table and stood in the middle. "Is this better?" "We know you are friends with the chancellor and his followers!" "Have you ever thought about what it would be like to live in peace rather than fighting all the time and watching others die?" "We die with honor for what we believe in!" "But wouldn't it be better to live with honor and try to compromise? You don't have to change your way of life, but you can't go on attacking people who don't agree with you or that you think are weaker than you." Bones scowled at that. He thought Jim Kirk had been studying before he came on this trip. He could even see the logic in that statement, although he would never want Spock to know it. He had talked to Jim a lot in the last two years, but he had not been around him until this trip. "If you're dead, you can't pass your values on to your children," Jim went on. "Who's going to teach them about the Klingon ways if you're all dead?" Duras was silent for a moment. "Is this how you manipulated the chancellor into accepting your ways?" he asked. "With words that sound good? You do not say what you mean." "Yes I do. All I'm trying to do is get you to stop fighting and attacking your own people. How can you think this is the way to go?" "You are not honorable!" Duras stood up. "You only want to manipulate us into trusting you!" "That is not true. I want to help you. You just can't admit that you're wrong!" Duras was taken aback at Jim's boldness. He glared at him. "You are brave because you know we have no weapons. You have all your friends to protect you! You would not be so brave if you and I met in battle." "There's no reason for that!" "Because you are a coward!" "NO!" Gorkon interrupted and stood up. "Even when we were enemies, he risked his life to save the Klingons! He helped us to stop the ones who would have wiped us all out!" "He has fought against the Klingons!" Duras declared. "Only when he was attacked! You would not be standing here if not for Admiral Kirk!" "I would have fought! You are a coward!" "It was a weapon that even the Klingons could not fight against! You know what happened on Rura Penthe!" "Yes, a planet that you have abandoned!" "Perhaps we will begin keeping prisoners such as you who are guilty of murder! You killed Lolak!" "He was a traitor! He manipulated his way into our ranks! A liar has no place among the Klingons!" "You are also a liar, and you have spies within our ranks! Do not accuse others of what you are doing yourself unless you are prepared to admit your own wrong-doing!" Jim thought maybe there was hope since they were actually talking to each other…even if it was hostile. "Admiral Kirk has helped in making peace with the Federation," Gorkon said. "We have had many peace talks. They do not want to change the Klingon ways. They simply want peace. We will be able to trade with them and be part of something much larger than ourselves." Jim looked at Duras to see what he would say to that. However, another of the Klingons with Duras stood up. "Why do we listen to anymore of this?" he asked. "Chancellor Gorkon has made up his mind and he has no intention of seeing our point of view. He intends to sway us to his direction." "I realize this," Duras replied. Jim frowned. "You have no intention of listening either, do you?" he asked. "The Klingons are a proud race, and they can continue to be that. Just because you make peace with someone doesn't mean that you're weakening. You're becoming stronger. The more friends you have, the stronger you are." "NO!" the other Klingon said. "We are stronger apart! They do not want to negotiate. They want us to see things their way. They have no intention of seeing anything our way." Duras glared at Jim and Gorkon. "Stop listening to him," Gorkon said. "I came here today to listen to your concerns and so that we could talk and reach an agreement." Bones was glad there were no weapons. He thought the bat'leths would have come out by now if there were. "I will not reach an agreement with cowards!" Duras declared. "As long as you see everyone as cowards, you're never going to reach anything but trouble," Jim replied. "Then meet me one on one and prove you are not a coward." "What do you mean?" "In a fight!" "Jim…" Jim gave Bones a warning look, and then looked back at Duras. "Your subordinates do not respect you," Duras said. "Neither do yours," Jim replied. "You have one interrupting you too." Duras glared at him, but he could not deny it. "Do you agree or not?" "I can't agree to something like that. It would prove nothing." "It would prove that you are not a coward. If you do not agree, then I will not talk with you any longer!" "You are unreasonable," Gorkon said. "I will meet you in battle." Jim thought this was getting out of control. "Now, wait a minute…" "Silence! Do not interrupt, young Admiral." Gorkon looked at Duras. "If it is a fight you want, it should be with a Klingon. You challenge this human? What kind of honor is that to you?" Jim thought this was just what Duras had wanted and he could not believe that it would be a fair fight. "Chancellor…" "Do you dishonor me by speaking again?" Jim looked toward his friends. Solan shook his head slightly. He knew how fickle the Klingons were about honor…if one would call Klingons fickle. "I accept your challenge!" Duras said. "Whomever wins, the Klingons will follow!" Jim did not want to let this go, but he could not protest because Gorkon would see it as disrespect. "Then we will make a time," Gorkon replied. "The Admiral will be our referee. He is an impartial witness." "He is not impartial! But I accept. There will also be a Klingon referee!" "Wait!" someone else said. Everyone looked at Helek who had spoken. "I will be the impartial referee," he said. "I am neither an officer with the Federation, nor a Klingon." "Do you agree to this?" Gorkon asked. "It is agreed," Duras said. Jim frowned as he felt like he had failed again. This had not gone anything like he wanted it to. "This can't be a fight to the death," he said. "You do not decide," Gorkon replied. "We will meet tomorrow at this time for this battle…in this room." "Agreed!" Duras said. Duras and his group of Klingons left the room first. Jim pressed the bridge of his nose as he stood there a moment. Bones came over to him. "It's not your fault, Jim," he said. "How can you say that?" Jim asked. "They're Klingons. Maybe it won't turn out as badly as you think." "Bones, someone is going to die in that battle, and I'm the one who got them here." "Not for this." Helek, Ajah, and Solan came over to them. "I figured they would do something like this," Solan said. "They sure don't trust me." "It wasn't about trusting you," Jim replied. "They don't trust each other. If this is any indication to Duras, he should know that Gorkon still believes in the Klingon honor. He's willing to fight." "He'll never be satisfied until one of them is dead." "What if Gorkon loses? All the work we've done will be for nothing." "It's not for nothing, Jim," Bones said. "All the Klingons are not going to follow Duras. He's no leader." "I hope you're right." Gorkon and the other Klingons waited for Jim. "I know you do not agree with the outcome of this meeting," Gorkon said. "But you do not understand the Klingon culture." "I know I don't," Jim replied. "But I didn't bring you here to get into a fight like this. What if you lose?" "Then there will be no peace. If I do not fight, there will be no peace. It is the only way. Duras will never submit." "I hope you know what you're doing," Jim said. "Many Klingons will not submit if Duras wins. There are more of them than the others. They will flee from Klingon space." "And be displaced?" "At least we are no longer at a standstill. It will go one way or another." They all left the conference room and went back to the Enterprise…
Jim stood in his guest quarters when someone rang the door chime. "Come in," he said. Spock came into the room. "Admiral, may I speak with you?" he asked. "Sure," Jim replied without turning from the viewport. "How did it get so out of hand, Spock?" "I am certain you did everything you could. When dealing with hostile beings like the Klingons, it is always uncertain that it will turn out the way we wish." "If Gorkon fails…" "Jim, I am not certain that it would be a good idea for you to be there. If Gorkon fails, it is certain that Duras's followers will attack." "I've thought of that, but if they do, we're going to fight." "I will accompany you and leave the Enterprise in the hands of Mister Scott. I believe I can be of more use on the planet." "We're all used to fighting with bat'leths. We have to have a plan, Spock. You still have our arsenal we collected over the years, don't you?" "Yes. It is still intact." Jim nodded. "Then we'll have to have Mister Scott on stand-by in case we need those weapons." "Admiral, this is a great risk. Have you spoken to Admiral Winston?" "No. I'd rather not have him chew me out right now. I feel bad enough already." "Perhaps he could have some insight into this situation." "Yeah, like telling me that I need to get back to Earth and stay out of negotiating for the rest of my life." "This was not your fault." "I'll get the blame anyway. Sometimes I wish I was still out in space. Everything I do, I feel like someone's watching. I couldn't stop them once they got started. At first, I thought Duras would listen, but he refuses to listen to reason." "I listened to the recording of the meeting. They are two very proud beings, and they see fighting as the only way to resolve their differences." "I felt like Gorkon was going to turn on me if I objected any further." "And he would have. Not because you are no longer his friend, but because of pride." Someone else rang the door chime. "Enter," Jim said. Bones came in. "Well, are we having a pow-wow?" he asked. "I'm hurt that I wasn't invited." "We are discussing the outcome of the meeting," Spock said. "Oh, well, that went just great, didn't it? All that was missing out of that meeting were the bat'leths. One swing, and the whole thing would have been over for someone." "Bones, that is why we didn't allow weapons," Jim said. "I know that. What I'm saying is that I told you this was a crazy idea from the start." "And I told you that I at least had to try!" "Yeah, you tried. You almost got yourself into another battle with a Klingon! Were you actually considering accepting that challenge?" Jim was silent a moment. "I might have," he said. Bones looked at Spock. "You hear that?" he asked. "You're getting close to insubordination," Jim said. "Oh, now, you're going to throw your rank at me? Sometimes, you can't reason with people. They're just unreasonable and no matter what you do, they're going to spit in your face." "So, you think I shouldn't have tried at all?" "I don't know! I know that now we have an even worse situation. The chancellor is going to fight to the death, and there's no guarantee that he'll win!" "That's not my fault!" "He did it to keep you from accepting. He wouldn't let a human fight for the Klingons." "I believe the doctor is correct," Spock said. "Either that…or he does not believe you could defeat this Klingon, and he would not want to see you dead." "That could be it, but I'm betting on the other." Jim sat down in a chair and just slumped down. He certainly did not feel like being dignified right now. "What could I have done different?" he asked. Bones and Spock sat down. "I thought it was going pretty well at the start," Bones said. "You actually sounded like a negotiator." "I agree," Spock replied. "I am not certain that anything you could have done would have changed the outcome." "I've never been any good at negotiating," Jim said with a frown. Bones leaned on the table they sat at. "It wasn't that way this time. It just got out of hand. At least you got them into the same room with no weapons. That's an accomplishment in itself." "How can we stop this fight?" Jim asked. "You cannot," Spock said. "There are many prideful species in the galaxy, and they would see you as disrespectful if you tried to interfere. You could lose the respect of both sides." "So I have to just let them do this?" "It is the only way, Admiral." "Hey, Jim, why don't we go get something to eat?" Bones asked. "I'm starving." "I don't think I'm hungry," Jim said. "You can't function without eating. Let's go. Doctor's orders." Jim reluctantly went with Bones and Spock to the mess hall. Everyone sitting at tables stood up at attention as someone said, "Admiral on deck!" "As you were," Jim said. They got themselves a tray and sat at a table. "Do you feel weird eating in here now that you're an admiral?" Bones asked. "Not really," Jim replied. "I'm still the same person I used to be." "No you're not. You're an admiral." "I do not believe Jim feels any different as an admiral than he did as captain," Spock said. "I don't," Jim said. "Sometimes I wish I was still captain of this ship." "Why?" "I wasn't under scrutiny all the time. I feel like someone's watching me all the time." "I do believe that people pay more attention to what an admiral is doing than a captain." "Yeah, but Admirals are giving the commands, and captains are doing all the action." "You don't like sitting on your butt all day and telling everyone else what to do," Bones blurted. "Instead, you'd rather be yelled at and told what to do and dressed down every time you make a little error in judgment." Jim scowled at that. "Maybe." "That's you alright. You have a hard time yelling at other people?" "I've yelled at people plenty of times. I can't say I like it. I've even yelled at you." "I don't pay that any attention." "Yeah, to you I'm just Jim." "Of course. I knew you before you became a Starfleet officer and started running every admiral in Starfleet crazy." "Doctor, such derogatory remarks are not helping," Spock said. "How do you know?" "Putting one down never results in bringing them up." "It's alright, Spock," Jim said. "It's always like that with the people who knew you before you were successful." "No one was born successful. Anyone who is worked for it. You did not realize your potential when you were younger, but you have obtained it." "He's right, Jim," Bones agreed. "Who cares about the past? You did the best you could today. I was even impressed." Jim chuckled at that. "You?" "Yeah. Don't sound so surprised. I can be impressed. Not very often, but it does happen." "Oh, I don't know how Andrea lives with you." "Don't bring her into this." "So, how are the two of you doing? You always kinda avoid that subject when we're talking." "That's private." "Come on, Bones. We're your friends. All I'm asking is how you're doing." "We're doing fine." "I didn't see her there to tell you good-bye and give you a sendoff." "She was working. She couldn't get away." Jim leaned on his hand. He thought no one could avoid a subject like Leonard McCoy. "I hope you're not messing up that relationship," he said. Bones took another bite of his food. "If it was messed up, how would you know that she didn't do it?" "If I may interject," Spock said. "I believe it was you who insinuated that if there was a problem in my relationship with Uhura, it must have been I who caused it. If that is so, then it is logical to believe that it was you who caused your problem." "I never said I had a problem. You guys are putting words in my mouth." "Fine," Jim said. "Keep it to yourself." Bones was just about exasperated. "She didn't want me to go on this mission," he said. "We kinda had a little argument about it." "But you came anyway." "Yeah. I told her I…was going anyway whether she liked it or not." "You said that? Wow. I thought I was bad." "I told her I was needed on this mission, and you had practically ordered me to come." Jim's mouth dropped open slightly. "I did not order you," he said. "I was just kidding about that." "But you said it." "Bones." "Don't deny it now. After all, you're an admiral and I have to obey orders." "Doctor, you are not technically under his command any longer," Spock pointed out. "He could not order you." "He just wants to blame me, Spock," Jim said. "He can't admit that he wanted to come on this mission." "I came because…" Bones paused. "I…yeah, I wanted to. Now, I said it. Are you happy? I missed being on missions with you guys. I'm over there on Pacifica, and I'm bored out of my mind." "I do not understand the aspects of human boredom," Spock said. "You mean Vulcans never get bored?" "No." "I've seen you looking perplexed and even a little impatient." "I do not get impatient." Jim was not so sure of that, but he knew if Spock was impatient, he tried desperately not to show it. "Are we having a conversation about being bored?" he asked. "We're pathetic." "I do not see my life as boring," Spock said. "Uhura and I have a very interesting life. We spent time on New Vulcan, and now we are aboard the Enterprise where we feel like we are at home." "Well, that says it all," Bones said. "He has the perfect, content life." "You worry too much to be content," Jim replied. "I can't help it." Jim thought he was worrying enough for all of them at the moment. He wanted to talk to Carol, and that was what he intended to do after he got out of this mess hall. When he left the mess hall, Jim went to his quarters and sent a message to Carol. He sat and waited a moment, and then got up and paced. He thought it could take a while for her to answer. He was not even sure what time it was on Earth where Carol was. Soon, Jim heard his communicator beep. He hurried over to the terminal and turned on the viewscreen. He smiled as he saw Carol appear. "Good morning," she said. "It's good to see you and hear your voice," Jim replied. "How are things going? You don't look like you've been in a fight, so I assume it's going smoothly?" "Well, I haven't been in any fights, but it's not going exactly smoothly." "What happened?" Jim told her what happened at the meeting. "I feel like it's my fault," he said. "How could it be your fault?" Carol asked. "You couldn't have guessed that they would react in such a way. Besides, maybe the chancellor will win." "Carol." "Jim, it's the way they seem to always want to settle things. You can't always talk people into peace. You know we've fought more than one battle." "But not this." "You fought a Klingon before. You cannot say anything about this fight." Jim leaned on his hand. "I miss you," he said. "I don't like being away from you." Carol almost laughed. "Really? You don't think I'm too pushy anymore?" "I never thought you were too pushy. You can push me all you want." Carol did laugh then. "Jim, are you sure no one can hear us?" "Absolutely. Why? Are you going to get dirty with me?" "Stop that. There are thousands of light years between us." "Don't I know it? I can't kiss you or anything." "We'll make up for all of it when you get back." "I can't wait. But right now, I'm not sure what to do. I mean, what if Gorkon loses? What's that going to do to the peace process?" "You just have to see what happens. Don't give up yet." "I'm not giving up. I'm just worried. Am I going to get the blame if this doesn't turn out well?" Carol sighed. "They sent you on this mission," she said. "And the chancellor requested you." "He agreed to that fight to keep me out of it." "Jim, just let him handle it." "I don't have a choice because if I protest anymore about it, the chancellor will turn against me too. I would be disrespecting him." "Just don't get captured or killed." "I don't intend to."
Later that day, Jim was having dinner with the Klingons, as well as Spock and some others. Uhura would be there so she could speak a little Klingon. They were fixing the mess hall into a banquet room for the occasion. Jim hoped he could convince Chancellor Gorkon to give up this fight, but he certainly did not want to offend him, or they would have even more trouble. Jim entered the mess hall which was rather dark today since Klingons did not eat in bright light. There was one long table in the center of the room, which was made up of all the tables in the mess hall. Spock and Uhura were already present. "Admiral," Spock said. "Our guests have not arrived yet, but the chancellor assures me that they will be here shortly." "I hope they don't keep us waiting," Jim replied. "I'm kinda hungry, and I hope we can talk the chancellor out of this fight." "I do not believe that is possible." "He's right," Uhura agreed. "If he backed down now, he would even lose the respect of his own followers." Jim frowned. "This is not how I wanted this meeting to turn out," he said. "You can't always see how things will turn out. You just have to try your best." "That's the easy way of looking at it. This is a matter of the peace of the galaxy." "It is a big responsibility, but you did your best. They requested you to be there, and you were there." Jim paced back and forth. "I just wonder if I could have done something else. Was there something I could have said that would have made this turn out differently?" "Admiral, second-guessing oneself never accomplishes anything," Spock said. "You could not have anticipated this outcome, and I do not believe there was anything you could have done better. They began debating as soon as they got into the room." "I felt like I was just caught in the middle, but I thought it was at least good that they were talking to each other. Now, I'm not so sure. Should I have interrupted and let one talk at a time?" Uhura and Spock knew they would never get Jim to stop blaming himself. He took way too much responsibility on himself for things. They also knew why he was so upset about it. Whatever happened in this fight was going to cause chaos, no matter which way it went. Soon, Chancellor Gorkon and the others arrived, and Bones arrived as well. Bones was not looking very happy about the situation either, but he sat down at the table, although he could not sit beside Jim this time. Jim had to sit beside the chancellor. He hoped the cook on this ship would have something for everyone and not just Klingon dishes. "Admiral Kirk, I realize you do not approve of the fight," Chancellor Gorkon said. "I don't," Jim replied. "But I'm not going to argue with you. I know that you can't back down now." "You are correct. I would be shamed." "I assure you that this was not how I wanted the talks to turn out. I feel like I failed." "You put too much burden on yourself," Grakar said. "It was inevitable that this fight would occur. You at least got the two sides together." "This is not together. This is fighting, not talking things out and trying to find middle ground." "You cannot always find middle ground." "He is right," Gorkon agreed. "Sometimes, one must fight for what is right." Jim sighed. "I don't mean to be disrespectful, but what if you lose?" "You should move out quickly. There will be war once again." "And even more Klingons will die." "They will die with honor." Jim wished he could convince the Klingons that they should value life. Once a person was dead, they were no good to anyone in the galaxy. "Do not worry over this, young Admiral," Gorkon said. "You have at least brought us together even if it was in battle." Jim supposed he could not argue with that but he did not think he would be getting much sleep tonight. After dinner, he walked up to the observation deck, and met up with a lot of startled young ensigns on the way who jumped to attention as the last thing they expected was for an admiral to come walking down the corridor where they were usually working alone. Jim stood on the observation deck looking out at the stars and the planet…Nimbus III. What did the people on that planet think about this duel that would happen? Would they blame him? They had said nothing about it. He supposed they were not going to interfere with a Klingon battle. He sat down on the bench looking out into space. Oh, how he missed being out there sometimes, discovering new worlds and new species…even getting into trouble. He thought he would prefer it to this. He felt like he had simply caused a fight that would make even more chaos for the Klingons and probably the rest of the galaxy. While Jim was sitting there, Ajah came onto the observation deck. "Admiral," he said. "I didn't realize anyone was here." "That's alright," Jim replied. Ajah was silent a moment as he sat down. "You look troubled." "I am troubled." "I always liked coming up here to think when we were on the ship." "Are you writing a novel?" "I'm trying to. I think I've had what they call writer's block." "I think I always have that." "Admiral, if I may say, I think you were very straightforward and that you spoke very intelligently in the meeting. If Duras had listened, I believe things would have turned out differently. He seemed to consider your words at the start, but I believe he is afraid that his followers will think he is weak if he considers making a truce." "I don't know how to convince him that it's the best way." "I find that it is very hard to convince people who are set in their ways even though the truth is right before them. They cannot seem to deal with the prospect of admitting that they are wrong." "You're right about that. They'd rather die." "When we were on Nervala Four, it was much the same way. People thought they had to go along with the experiments because it was what had been going on for so long and they felt helpless to stop it because there was no help from the outside, and no way to communicate the trouble. If only they had realized that there were more of them, and that they could have rebelled." "Well, in that case, it was that they had learned to live with fear. With the Klingons it's the very opposite. They've learned to live to dominate, and if they can't do that, they don't feel like they're being honorable." "I suppose it is all about one's point of view of what honor is. I am honored when someone enjoys one of my novels. If they have played it on a holodeck and actually tell me, I feel like I have accomplished something that gave someone pleasure." Jim scowled as he thought of that. "You're leaving behind a legacy," he said thoughtfully. "Your novels will live long after you're gone." "What do you see as honor, Admiral?" "It was an honor to become the captain of the Enterprise and guide the crew through our five year mission, and becoming an Admiral, having all my friends there. I guess that's about the biggest honor I've had besides winning Carol's love." "You are greatly respected by your crew. What do the Klingons think of this?" "I'm not sure. There are species in the galaxy who see hunting as their honor." Jim frowned. "I just don't know what we'll do if Gorkon loses." "Like they said, we should get out very fast." "I know, but that won't be the end of it." "We'll just deal with it like we always have." "I guess I should go get some sleep. Tomorrow will be a long day." "Good night, Admiral." Jim left the observation deck and headed back to his quarters. As he watched all those young ensigns jump to attention as he walked by, he wondered if they would survive if Chancellor Gorkon lost this battle. Would it be his fault if they died? He could remember being blamed for the death of someone on his ship to the extent that the being blaming him tried to drive him crazy. He just hoped nothing like that would happen this time. Before Jim got into bed, his communicator chirped. "Yeah," he answered. "Admiral, we're receiving a transmission from the planet," Spock said. "The planet leader wishes to speak with you." Jim was silent a moment. He should have known this was coming. "Okay. Let's take it in the conference room." "Yes, Admiral. I will have everything ready by the time you arrive." "Thanks." Jim ended the transmission and sighed. He was sure they were about to complain about this fight that was to occur the next day on their planet. He went on down to the conference room where Spock was already waiting, and so was the leader of Nimbus III, Jarius Nim, who was a native of Nimbus III. Jim had thought the meeting would be over the intercom, but Nim was there. "The Ambassador wished to speak with you in person, Admiral," Spock said. "That's…fine," Jim replied. "Admiral, I am going to get right to the point," Nim said, sounding none too happy. "Have you agreed to a fight to the death between two Klingons on our planet?" Jim considered that a moment. "No," he replied. Nim was surprised by that response. "I have received word that there will be a fight tomorrow in our own conference room." "They're going to meet there. I didn't have anything to do with this. They scheduled this fight themselves." "There will be no fight on our planet. If they wish to have a death match, they will depart Nimbus Three. It is a peaceful planet, set up by your own Federation. We agreed to have this meeting here as a peace conference, not a Klingon battle arena." "I understand." "How could you agree to such an outrageous event?!" "I didn't exactly agree. They agreed to it among themselves. I tried to talk them out of it, but they wouldn't have it. I didn't want to make things worse by continuing to argue with them." "Well, you will tell them that they are no longer welcome on Nimbus Three, and we will enforce this with deadly force if necessary." "I understand." "Good night, Admiral. You have a long night ahead of you." Nim looked at Spock. "I wish to return to my planet." "Yes sir," Spock replied. Nim glared at Jim as he passed by him. "I hope I made myself perfectly clear, Admiral." "You did," Jim replied. Nim left the room, along with Spock who would lead him back to the transporter room. Jim sat down in a chair. Now, he would have to relay that message to the Klingons and he could not imagine the reaction he was going to get. They would be angry at him now. He supposed he should get this situation under control tonight rather than waiting until morning so that Gorkon and Duras could figure out somewhere else to have their battle, or perhaps this would be his opportunity to persuade them into talking more. Jim hurried down to the guest quarters where the Klingons were staying. Grakar was standing in the hallway outside Chancellor Gorkon's quarters. "I need to talk to the chancellor," Jim said. "Is there trouble?" Grakar asked. "I'm afraid so." Grakar rang the door chime and they were allowed in. "Admiral Kirk," Chancellor Gorkon said as Jim went in. "Chancellor. I have to speak with you," Jim said. "Sit down." Jim sat down in the chair that Gorkon indicated. Gorkon sat rather lazily on the bed where he would sleep. "I rest for my duel tomorrow," he said. "That's what I'm here to talk to you about," Jim replied. "You will not dishonor me by arguing that I change my mind?" "No. I'm here because the Ambassador of Nimbus Three has said that the fight won't be allowed on the planet. He was quite clear about it." "I see." Gorkon stood up and walked over to the viewport. "If I make this excuse to Duras, he will say that I am a coward and that I am simply afraid. Can you speak with this Ambassador and tell him of the importance of this fight of honor?" "I'm afraid not." Jim paused a moment. "Chancellor, can't we try talking some more, and then if it doesn't work, do something else?" "You work against me, Young Admiral." "No. I want to help you." "You must appeal to Duras. I cannot." "Why?" "It is a matter of honor. I cannot go back on my word." Jim looked at Grakar who simply stayed quiet. "I'm not sure he'll even talk to me but I'll try." Jim supposed there was nothing more to say so he left the room. Spock was waiting. "I would have accompanied you, Jim," he said. "I don't think it would have helped," Jim replied. "Have Uhura contact Duras. I have to convince him to talk or we're going to end up going back to Klingon space for this fight." "You are in quite a predicament." "Yeah, and neither of them wants to back down. Gorkon won't budge unless Duras does first, and he's most likely going to have the same attitude. I can't win this." Spock considered the situation as they walked. "Perhaps you should simply take charge rather than requesting," he said. Jim scowled. "I suppose there's some logic behind this suggestion." "There is. The Klingons like boldness if nothing else. You should demand that they talk again. I do believe when dealing with Klingons, you cannot be civil." "Are you suggesting that I be hostile? They're both liable to take a bat'leth to me." "I am not suggesting hostility. I am suggesting assertiveness." "I don't know if that's the right thing to do. This alliance is fragile to say the least." "I agree, but you could always apologize." "If I can still talk." They arrived at the Bridge. "Uhura, please contact Duras," Spock said. "The Admiral must speak with him." Uhura got to work, and Jim sat down in the chair. He tried to think of what to say while he waited. "If we cannot work this out, we will simply have to return to Kronos," Spock said. "The fight is not allowed here." "Right." Jim certainly did not have any confidence in his ability to solve this problem. After a while, Duras answered, but he was not alone. "I apologize for disturbing you," Jim said. "What do you want, Admiral?" Duras asked. "Has Gorkon decided that he is afraid?" "No. The Ambassador of Nimbus Three has informed us that there will be no fight on the planet. I want the two of you to meet with me one on one for talk." "It is a trick!" the other Klingon who always interrupted said. "No! It is not!" Jim said as he stood up. "It'll be me and the two of you. We're going to discuss this like civilized beings." "Did the Chancellor agree to this?" "He will. He left it up to me, and this is how it's going to be." Duras stared at Jim a moment. "I will meet," he said. "Fine. I'll let you know when. Kirk out." The transmission ended, and Jim blew out a breath. He looked at Spock. "Well, how was that?" "It worked," Spock replied. "I don't think I'll be that assertive with the chancellor. He's liable to knock me out." Uhura almost laughed at that comment. She thought Jim had done well with this situation. No one had sliced each other with bat'leths and no one had thrown any punches, so obviously, he was doing better than he thought. Jim went back to Chancellor Gorkon's quarters to inform him that there would be no fight…at least not yet, but that they would talk again. "Duras agreed," Jim said. "I have to get permission from the Ambassador to have the talk on the planet. Maybe he'll agree." "Do you believe this can work?" Gorkon asked. "If I defeated Duras, this would be over." "No, it wouldn't be over. He has someone else who would take up the cause, and they could be worse. They're not going to stop. You have to keep trying." "I have still been challenged. We cannot back down. Not even Duras would agree to that. Yes, the fight will come." "What if the two of you reach an agreement?" "It will never happen." "How do you know? Aren't you even going to try?" "I will talk." "I suppose I can't ask for more than that." Jim went back out into the corridor, and Grakar followed him. "You cannot change either of them," Grakar said. "I'm not trying to change them. I want them to make peace so the Klingon Empire can be part of the rest of the galaxy." "It already is, but the civil war will continue." "It doesn't have to be that way." "There are many Klingons who think as you do, but there are many who will not give up their pride." "They don't have to do that either. Does pride mean you can't compromise?" "I suppose." "Well, we'll just see about that tomorrow."
After a long conversation with the Ambassador of Nimbus III, Jim convinced him to host the talks between Chancellor Gorkon and Duras, but the Ambassador let him know in no uncertain terms that they would be under constant supervision and any hostility would be met with "deadly" force if necessary. By the time Jim got to bed, he hardly had time to sleep at all so he was tired when he had to get up. He hoped this time would go better than last time. At least no one else would interfere. Before Jim arrived at the transporter room, Solan met him. "I can't believe you're going down there with two angry Klingons by yourself!" Solan declared. "Are you out of your mind?" "Solan, I really don't feel like having this argument," Jim replied. "I didn't get much sleep last night. Besides, the Nimbus inhabitants are going to be watching." "Oh great. I'm not sure they can do anything if that Duras decided to attack you. Do you have any idea who he is?" "He's the leader of the rogue Klingons now." "Admiral, he is one of the most ruthless Klingons you ever met." "I thought he was going to actually listen to me the last time if it weren't for that other one with him. Maybe he will listen this time." "I doubt it, Admiral. Why can't you let me go with you?" "Solan, I don't need a bodyguard this time. It won't be anyone but those two." "What does Spock think about this?" "He hasn't said anything. There has been no time. So, let me get this over with and then we're getting out of here." Spock met Jim outside the transporter room, and Solan was still with him. "So, what do you have to say?" Jim asked. "I strongly object to this, Jim," Spock said. "You should not be going to this meeting without any protection." "They're agreeing to meet there one on one with me as the mediator, and I can't see anything wrong with that. I think if they attack anyone, it will be each other." "Admiral, you have not discussed this with Admiral Winston to have it approved." "I didn't have time. Besides, I don't have to ask him about everything. I wouldn't be here if…well…" "You don't know what he would say," Solan declared. "He sent you over here to get you out of the office." "No. He sent me because Chancellor Gorkon asked for me. He would never have sent me to something like this otherwise." "I must agree," Spock said. "However, I do not believe the Admiral would agree to this meeting. You should at least take Solan with you." "I can't do that. I'm not going back on my word. If I do that, it will show a lack of trust. Don't you want this to work? Even the Vulcans don't like going back on their word, right?" Spock could see that he was not going to change Jim's mind. "Are you at least taking something for defense?" he asked quietly. "I would never reveal any secrets," Jim replied and went on into the transporter room. Spock looked at Solan with a raised eyebrow. "I must return to the Bridge," he said. "Sure," Solan replied. "I still don't agree with him going alone." "It is not our choice, but we will do what we can to help if something goes wrong." "Right." Solan went into the transporter room and watched Jim and Gorkon disappear from the ship. He folded his arms as he stood beside Scotty. "What do you think?" Solan asked. "I think the Admiral is putting his life in the hands of two Klingons," Scotty said. "Who knows what the rogue Klingons have in mind?" "Well, they can't transport directly into the building. That's one good thing. They would have to get through security if Duras decided to cheat like that, and maybe we'd have time to get down there before they kill him." "Don't talk like that, Laddy. I'm not leaving this post until the Admiral is safely back aboard this ship." "I don't blame you. You want me to work on anything in engineering while you're here?" "No. Everything's working fine." "I guess I can just pace back and forth here or go and pace in the medical bay." "I'm sure the doctor let his objections be known." "I didn't hear it but I'm sure he did. I'll see you later." Solan walked down to the medical bay where Bones was sitting at a terminal studying something. He glanced at Solan as he walked in. "You need something?" Bones asked. "No," Solan answered. "Just wondering if you protested this meeting." "I wasted a lot of breath is all I did. Jim's determined to put himself in danger to get this peace treaty." "I guess it's a noble cause, but I don't like it that he didn't take anyone with him…not even Spock." "He could have told them that he can't go to something like this without the ship's doctor present, but no, he didn't want to cause any offense." Bones sighed. "I don't want to think about this. I'm studying something." "Like what?" "Never mind." Solan began pacing. "There are two Klingons there. There was no reason why he couldn't have someone with him," he said. "He's too lenient with these people." "Klingons," Bones corrected. "They're still people." "I don't know. They don't act like people. Looks like they'd want to stop killing each other." "I've been around Klingons. They're really proud." "They can be proud of something else besides dying with honor." "Sure." Bones stood up. "Well, if you're going to keep annoying me, I guess I can't work on this," he declared. "Stop that pacing. You're driving me nuts." Solan followed Bones to another part of the medical bay. "You can't be in here," Bones said. "I'm just watching," Solan replied. "Is there some reason why you decided to come and pester me?" "No." Solan watched while Bones began preparing a medical kit. "What are you doing?" he asked. "I figure I should have something ready in case we have to go and save his life again…don't you?" "Right." Jim and Gorkon appeared at the same place as before and went through the same security check. Duras arrived only a few moments later. As they entered the conference room, they could see that there were others in the balconies above them to make sure things went civilly. "If you guys want to sit at the same table?" Jim asked. "Or you can sit at separate tables." "I am not so small that I cannot sit at a table with an enemy," Chancellor Gorkon said. Duras glared at him. "Nor am I," he replied. "Alright then," Jim said. "We'll sit over here, and I'll sit at the end of the table." They all sat down, and Jim was not sure he was comfortable with them sitting so close together but he supposed it was progress. "Now, you guys want to talk more about the treaty?" he asked. "You begin," Gorkon said. "First of all, you have to agree to a cease fire," Jim said. He looked at Duras. "That means no more attacks." "I will not agree," Duras replied. "You only want us to compromise! There is only one way to solve this debate, and that is with a battle." "No! That is not the only way. You can talk and try to resolve these differences. You can look at the situation the way it really is rather than assuming that someone is trying to change your way of life." "He is correct," Gorkon agreed. "The Klingon Empire should come together as one. We should not be fighting among ourselves. We should take our place in the galaxy, but we will continue to be warriors." "You are weak!" Duras said. "You do not wish to fight for the Klingon ways. You want to be a soft old woman." "You want to kill your own! We do not fight among ourselves. We would fight against those who would attack us. The Federation does not wish to attack us. They want us to be part of the galaxy and the Federation. It is not a bad idea. I have spoken with their leaders." "You listen to their lies." "They're not lies." "They do not agree with the Klingon ways." "You refuse to listen, and the answer is right in front of you." "I will not become part of the Federation. They will demand that we give up certain of our ways." Gorkon looked at Jim. "Do you believe this is true?" Gorkon asked. Jim wished he had not asked him that question. "The Federation won't demand anything," he said. "I can't say that the agreement will be perfect, but there are a lot of different cultures and species who are part of the Federation. We don't control what they do on their planets." "You see?" Gorkon asked as he looked at Duras. "You are paranoid." Duras almost growled at him. "I do not trust the humans." "You have to learn to trust, or our space will be alone. We can trade with the Federation, send our young ones to their academy to learn more. There is no dishonor in gaining more knowledge." "They are deceitful! You saw how Solan even betrayed us to free his captain from our prison." "He had been sent there on false charges," Gorkon said. "He even risked his life to save the Klingons." Even Duras could not deny that. "That was even after he had been in the prison," Gorkon said. "After the torture. Do you still question his motives?" "I must discuss this with my followers. They do not trust the Federation." "It is because they have been filled with false information." "Much of it is not false. You simply refuse to admit it." "No. You must stop allowing the Romulans and Nausicaans to influence your decisions. They are violent species who will never accept diplomacy. They enjoy pilfering and violence too well." Jim thought he could not have said that better himself. "Dominance," he added. "But they don't matter in this. This is about the Klingons. You can make your own decisions and it doesn't matter what anyone else says. There'll always be those who don't agree, but all this fighting isn't doing anyone any good." Duras was silent as he stared at Gorkon. "What of our duel?" Duras asked. "If we can solve this problem as we are, the duel will be pointless," Gorkon said. "It is time for the Klingons to join the galaxy." "Even if I agree, it is no guarantee that others will." "One step at a time." Duras was not certain that he wanted to agree, but he would agree to the cease-fire. "I will agree to the cease-fire for now," he said. "But I will discuss it with my followers." "We can't ask for more than that," Jim said. They stood up and Duras and Gorkon actually shook hands. Jim thought he would never have seen that. He thought maybe he had done better with this than he had first thought. Duras had not given much argument…which he thought was strange, and might even be a little disturbing. Was he really serious? He supposed he would just have to trust that he was. They left the conference room and returned to the ships without incident. Jim did not know why he felt so uneasy. "That was not so difficult, was it, Admiral?" Gorkon asked. "No, it wasn't," Jim replied. "I suppose we can head back to Kronos now? Since he's agreed to the cease-fire for now, we can wait and see if he agrees with the rest." "Should we return so soon?" "I think so. If he wants to talk further, he can contact you, and maybe the two of you can talk on your own planet." Gorkon considered that. "I agree." "We'll get underway as soon as possible." Jim left the transporter room and found Spock on the Bridge. "Spock, do you notice anything strange going on with the other Klingon ships?" he asked. Spock looked to his pilot and Uhura. "I'm not picking up any transmissions," Uhura said. "They're not powering up their engines," Jarvis added. Jim looked out the viewport. He could see the ships and the planet. "Admiral, do you believe we are in danger?" Spock asked. "It just went too smoothly," Jim replied. "Chancellor Gorkon agreed to go back to Kronos. I think that's what we should do now." "We will get on our way." Spock looked at Uhura. "Inform the Klingon ships that we are returning to Kronos." "Yes, Captain," Uhura replied. "The sooner the better," Jim said as he was still looking out the viewport. He did not see any movement of the ships out there. Bones arrived at the Bridge and noticed Jim looking out the viewport so he went over to him. "What's going on?" he asked. "I don't know," Jim said. "I just feel uneasy about this." "Oh. Now you feel uneasy." "Bones. It was worth a try." "You think they're fooling us or something?" "I don't know. I just think it went too easy." Bones looked out the viewport. "What happened?" "Duras agreed to the cease-fire, and he agreed to discuss it further if his followers agree." "Just like that, huh?" "Yeah." "Have you ever known a Klingon to do anything peacefully?" "No." "Admiral, we are ready to depart," Spock said. "Let's get going then," Jim replied. As the Enterprise was turning away from the planet, suddenly, an alarm began blaring. Jim whirled around. "What's that?" he asked. "A ship coming in," Jarvis replied. "A Klingon ship?" "I don't think so." Just then, a ship dropped out of warp, and they could see that it was a Romulan Bird of Prey. "Red alert!" Jim yelled. "Get us out of here now!" "We're being hailed," Uhura said. "On screen," Spock replied. Grakar appeared on the screen. "I assume that you see that ship," he said. "Yes!" Jim replied. "We're getting out of here." "We do not fight?" "Not us." The Enterprise was hit with a powerful blast but the shields held and they continued toward the point they could go to warp. Spock and Bones stood on each side of Jim like they had done so many times…wondering if they would survive this time. As the Enterprise was attempting to escape, another Romulan ship appeared which had been cloaked. "Evasive maneuvers!" Spock commanded. "Fire at that ship," Jim said. They could see the blasts from the Enterprise bounce off the powerful shields of the Romulan vessel. However, the Klingon warbirds also fired at them. Duras's group of Klingon ships also began to maneuver to join their Romulan counterparts in the fray. "They had this planned all along!" Jim declared. "I agree, Admiral," Spock replied. "We have to get out of here." "I believe our Klingon allies are attempting to give us that chance." The Enterprise was hit with another blast from the Romulan ship, and an alarm began blaring. "The shields are at fifty percent!" Lieutenant Jarvis said. "They're targeting our engines." "Get us to warp!" Jim said. "Admiral, perhaps our best move would be to go down to the planet," Spock suggested. "They have powerful defenses." "Even against something like this?" "They seemed to have confidence that…" "Sir, a ship is coming up from the planet…make that ten ships!" Jarvis said. Jim wondered if they were going to help them or if they were against all of them. "We're being hailed," Uhura said. "On screen," Spock replied. A being appeared on the screen whom they had not seen before. He had blond hair and dark eyes. "Do you need assistance?" he asked. "I am Commander Reginald Norris." "We would welcome your assistance," Spock replied. "Perhaps when we leave the system, the others will as well." "We will discourage them while you leave." "Thank you." The transmission ended. As they were attempting to find their way out of the battle, the ships from Nimbus III began engaging the Romulans and the rogue Klingons. "Well, that should make it easier to get out of here," Jim said. They were soon at warp and on their way back to Kronos. Gorkon arrived at the Bridge. "Duras has lost all of his honor," he said. "When this is known, he will have no respect whatsoever." "I thought it was too easy," Jim replied. "I don't think he cares about honor anymore. I wish it could have worked out differently." "We must return to Kronos and decide what to do next. There will be no more talks." "I agree. The Romulans are involved. They must have moved to a different planet than where we found them last time." "It is likely, and it is also likely that it is within Romulan space." Jim paced back and forth. "Well, we'll get you back home and we'll decide what to do about this later," he said. Jim went to his quarters as Bones and Spock watched him leave the Bridge. They looked at each other. "I have a feeling we're about to get into a big mess," Bones said. "I believe we can expect nothing less," Spock replied.
The Enterprise came out of warp at Kronos, along with the war birds. Jim had not come from his quarters since they left Nimbus III. Spock and Bones came to his quarters and rang the door chime. "Enter," Jim said. They went in and he was sitting and looking out the viewport. "You sure have been quiet since we left Nimbus Three," Bones said. "What are you thinking about?" "A lot of things." "The Chancellor has returned to Kronos," Spock informed him. "Do you have a plan?" "We have to find them," Jim said. "Those Romulans and Klingons are going to keep on causing trouble until we do something about it." "How do you propose that we do that?" Bones asked. "We have to get into Romulan space somehow. Someone has to know something." "Are you out of your mind?" "There are places in the Neutral Zone where you can get information." "And then what?" "We wouldn't take the Enterprise in there. I'm not that crazy." "Where are you referring to?" Spock asked. "I'm not sure yet. I'll let you know when I decide." Jim was not sure what they could do about the Romulans and Klingons. That alliance had caused a lot of trouble in the galaxy. He supposed he would have to report to Admiral Winston that Duras and his followers only agreed to the talks to attack them. They had no intention of making peace. Jim wanted to get into Romulan space to find out which planet those rogues were using. The Romulan Star Empire would not like it if he showed up in their space, but he had worn disguises before. He would talk to Solan. He always knew where to find information. Spock and Bones walked up on either side of Jim as he was still looking out the viewport. "It must be something if you don't even want to talk about it," Bones said. "What kind of suicide mission are you going on this time?" "It's not a suicide mission," Jim replied. "Oh. So it is something then?" "Someone has to do something about this. They can't just keep attacking Kronos." "Jim, we do not have to solve every problem in the galaxy," Spock said. "It is impossible." "I know that, but I want to do something. I'm going to find out from Solan whether he knows where to find information about this or not." "He is quite a resourceful person." "Yeah." "I think you're just nostalgic for all the trouble we used to get into," Bones declared. Jim scowled at that suggestion. He might be nostalgic for it. He had to admit he had been bored some of the time sitting there in that office, although he was often in touch with the captains of the ships he commanded. Hikaru Sulu was even captain of a ship, but he was not under Jim's command. All the experience he had gained while serving aboard the Enterprise had made him a perfect candidate for captain. "Are you gonna spill it or not?" Bones asked. "I haven't decided what I'm going to do yet. I have to report to Admiral Winston first anyway," Jim said. "Are you sure Chancellor Gorkon hasn't done that?" "No, but I don't think he has." "The chancellor invited us to visit Kronos while we are here," Spock said. "I have not responded yet." "We could stay here a while. I want to figure out a way to help the Klingons." "Perhaps the chancellor knows where these rogues are staying." "He hasn't said anything. I think he would have told me if he did." "The Romulans have attacked outposts in the Neutral Zone, and have caused much disturbance." "Yeah. I know about that too. Just send a message to Admiral Winston for me. Let me know when you get an answer. I'll take it in here." "Yes, Admiral." Spock left the room, but Bones stayed. "Have you talked to Carol?" Bones asked. "Not since the talks," Jim replied. "She doesn't know about all this." "Are you going to tell her?" "Of course. I'll contact her later." Jim yawned. "Right now, I think I have to make up some sleep." "Jim, I'm not sure there's anything you can do about this trouble. They're pretty determined." "You may be right, but I'm going to try. I won't be alone, and I'm sure the Klingons will help too." "I'm sure they'll jump at the chance." "I want to know if Chancellor Gorkon has anymore spies among their enemies…but that's not likely because they might have known that this was a hoax." "Surely they would. It wouldn't be a very good spy who didn't know something like that, especially a Klingon spy." "I wonder how much longer it'll be before Korax is well." "I'll take a look at him when we get down there." "Good." "Can't say I know a whole lot about the Klingon anatomy, but I'd like to learn more." "I'm sure the chancellor won't mind you taking a look at him. Tell Spock to accept the chancellor's invitation, and we'll go down there tomorrow. Right now, I hope I hear from Admiral Winston before that." "Right." Bones left Jim's quarters and went to the Bridge where Spock sat in the captain's chair. "Jim wants you to accept Chancellor Gorkon's invitation," Bones said. "But he wants to go down there tomorrow. He's planning something." "I am not surprised," Spock replied. "Meanwhile, he's getting some sleep. Maybe his brain will remind him of how stupid this is when he rests a while." "Doctor, I believe in the time we have spent with Jim, we know that once he has decided to do something, there is little that can sway his determination." "Well, you're a pessimist today. Are we going with him if he goes on this mission?" "I am certain that we will. We usually do, if for no other reason, to try and see to his safety." "What do you think those rogues have in mind?" "I do not know, but it cannot be anything good. I believe they also have spies among the chancellor's entourage. However, I am also certain that it would be impossible to find out who they are." "Yeah." "I also know that Jim's plans usually work, although not always the way he thought they would." "He always leaves out all the running and being shot at and death waiting around the corner." "We have tangled with Klingons before, and it will not be as difficult this time." "There are Romulans too. Don't forget them." "I believe it would be better to make a move rather than to wait and see what they will do next." "I just don't think that anyone is going to know what they're up to no matter how seedy a place is. I mean, what would they do, go into a bar and tell everyone they're going to attack Kronos?" "Not exactly, but if they thought they were talking to ones who were on their side, they would talk more easily." "Like some place that's not part of the Federation?" "Precisely. Or one that has no love for either side." "And he thinks Solan can find such a person or place?" "It is possible." "I guess in the meantime, we can look around Kronos." "Learning more about a world is never a bad idea." "Right." Bones was not so confident in that. Kronos was not exactly his favorite place. Duras had returned to his space as well, where he and his allies would plan their next move. He was angry that their plan did not work this time. They had chosen a planet that would not be easy for the Federation nor the Klingons to find them. At certain times, it was completely swallowed by a Nebula, and the rest of the time it was obscured. This planet was uninhabited but was in the Klingon Neutral Zone, but this neutral zone was on the verge of being free space because of the alliance between the Klingon Empire and the Federation. An alliance which Duras hated. Duras walked into the large cavern where he and his followers had taken up residence for the time being. "We failed and even lost two ships!" he declared. "You could not have anticipated that a neutral planet would have attacked," his second in command said. "We are Klingons! We should be ready for anything! Instead we retreated like cowards as Chancellor Gorkon and his admiral." "What do we do about the chancellor? When will you order the others to assassinate him?" "Do not question me, Rekka. That meddling Admiral…he is a thorn in our sides!" Duras was silent a moment. "Perhaps there is a way to do away with the two of them, but we will have the pleasure of killing Admiral Kirk ourselves." "How?" "He will be responsible for the chancellor's death." Rekka pondered that. "He would never assassinate the Chancellor, and everyone would know he did not." "Oh, but it will look like he did. We must trap him in his own meddling." "If we rid ourselves of the two of them, it would turn the Klingons back to you. It would condemn the Federation." "Yes. And they would not fight for Admiral Kirk because of their fear." "How do we accomplish this?" "I will contact certain of our spies. They will take the opportunity as it comes to them. Then we shall legally have the authority to do away with Admiral Kirk." "You wish to take the legal way? What stops you from assassinating him?" "It would make him a martyr. We do not want to make him a hero but disgrace him." "He would have to go to trial! He could prove his innocence." "Do not question me, Rekka! If we do this it will be done right!" "You intended to capture the Enterprise this time, but you did not!" "Do you challenge me?" Rekka glared at him. "I do not fear you, but I do not wish to lead this ravel. I do not trust the Romulans." "They are our allies." "Those Nausicaans are putrid!" "It is only for the time being. Once we are in power, we will occupy Kronos, and will no longer have to be secretive. Right now, we must plan our actions."
Jim, Spock, Bones, Solan, Helek, and Ajah went down to Kronos the next day. They were met by a band of Klingons, including Korax, who was still recovering from his injuries, but he was better. "My friend," he said. "Korax," Jim replied. "How are you feeling?" "Much better. We have much to discuss, do we not?" "I think we do." "I am certain that your meeting did not go as planned," Korax said as they began walking. "Not quite," Jim replied. "But as we know now, Duras never intended to negotiate in the first place." "He will never rest until the House of Duras is in control. He has much pride. You cannot trust him in this." "I'm afraid there will be more attacks here, and they could cause all of us trouble." "What sort of trouble do you anticipate?" "I don't know, but I don't think they like me, and they want to get rid of Chancellor Gorkon." "You believe they will try and kill two birds with one stone? As the saying goes." Jim could not help but smile. "I couldn't have said it better myself." "I have learned much about your language." "I see." "You will have more time on Kronos this time, will you not?" "It's according to what Admiral Winston says when he gets back to me. I haven't heard from him yet." "You will have time to explore our planet, see what it has to offer. Your mate did not come with you on this journey?" "No. We didn't want our young one in danger so she stayed on Earth with him." "You anticipated that there would be danger." "I was hoping that things would go well, but you have to take every precaution." "It is wise to take caution. There have been many times when the Klingons did not consider caution before they moved." "Well, I didn't exactly trust Duras." "Nor did we." They walked across the same bridge that they did so long ago with the deep chasm that looked bottomless. Bones, Spock, and the others had caught up with Jim and Korax now. Bones did not like the bridge. Not only did it look bottomless but the canyon it spanned seemed to go on for miles and curved. "Is it ever light enough to see down in there?" Bones asked. "Of course," Korax answered. "Your visits always seem to be at night." "Maybe this time we can see it while it's daylight," Jim said. Although it was dark, they could see that the city was all connected by a network of bridges since the city was built on mountains, or very high plateaus. Jim could not help but look down into the canyon, and he wondered if there was water down there. He intended to see it all during daylight this time. They went into the palace where Chancellor Gorkon was waiting for them. "I am glad you accepted my invitation," he said. "It's an opportunity to see your world," Jim replied. "I shall come to Earth one day and see how you live." "You would be welcome, Chancellor." "You will be shown to your quarters and we will talk more in the morning, and I will also be glad for you to meet my daughter. Until then, good night." Jim and the others were fascinated by the inside of the palace, although there were no fancy furnishings there. It seemed to be hewn out of the rocks into elaborate structures and carvings. "It must have taken a lot of time to do all this," Bones remarked. Ajah was writing in his journal as he walked. He intended to write about this planet since not many people had visited Kronos. It was very different than anything he had seen. Jim sat down on the bed in his room. It was nothing like his quarters on the Enterprise nor on Earth. It was lit by torches rather than lights. There was just one thing missing, and that was Carol. He would contact her in the morning, and he hoped Admiral Winston would contact him. He could not understand why there had been no answer yet. It was not like Admiral Winston not to answer such an important message. Jim yawned as he looked out the window across the city. He could see the canyon that seemed to go on forever. He had never seen anything built quite like this city. It was quite beautiful in a way, but just a little unnerving as well. He knew the Klingons would not let anything worry them, but he could not help but be worried about someone wanting to kill them…and furthermore, that he had not heard from headquarters. Just as he thought he might go to bed, there was a knock at his door. "Come on in," he said. Spock came in. "Admiral, I am quite concerned that we have not heard from Admiral Winston," he said. "Me too. Is Uhura sure the message went through?" "Yes. She has rechecked it twice." "We wouldn't know if something happened. Have her see if she can contact Sulu. Maybe he would know if something's going on that we don't know about." "Yes sir." Spock left the room. Jim was even more curious now. If something were going on at Nimbus III, he thought they would have received word by now, and he was sure if Admiral Winston did not like the outcome of that meeting, he would have been aware by now too. There was another knock at his door. He went to the door this time and opened it. Bones was there. "You can't sleep either?" Bones asked. "Well, I was about to try," Jim replied. "This place gives me the creeps, and don't you feel that kinda stinging feeling in your sinuses? Who knows what this atmosphere could do to us?" "Bones, we've been here before." "Not me." "We've been on strange planets before." "Yeah, and we've been nearly killed plenty of times too." Bones was silent a moment. "Are you going to let me in or make me stand out here and talk to you?" Jim almost laughed. "Come on in." Bones went in and closed the door. He followed Jim over to the window. "Don't you want to explore this world?" Jim asked. "I guess," Bones replied. "Maybe there aren't any deadly viruses out there that no one in the galaxy has ever heard of since the Klingons have kept mostly to themselves. Or some beast with gigantic horns and teeth that can swallow us whole." "Bones…if it had gigantic teeth, why would it have to swallow us whole?" "You know what I mean." "Yes. You're predicting doom and gloom again." "I hope you haven't forgotten those rogue Klingons that just could have spies on this planet." "I realize that." "Is that why you're not sleeping?" "No. I'm not sleeping because Spock was in here a few minutes ago and now you're here." "What did Spock want?" "We still haven't heard from Admiral Winston. I'm kinda worried about it." "Well, why wouldn't he answer you? What reason could there be?" "I think I'm going to contact Carol and see if she knows. I want to talk to her too." "Why haven't you already contacted her?" "I haven't had time. I'm about to take time. I think I'll go up to the Enterprise and contact her from there." "If you're going up there, I'm going with you. You think we should let Solan and the others know we're going?" "Of course." Jim took out his communicator. "Solan." After a few moments, Solan answered, "Yeah?" "Bones and I are going up to the Enterprise. We'll be back down before morning." "Something wrong?" "No. I'm going to call Carol, and find out why the Admiral hasn't answered us yet. Just stay here and kinda keep a watch out. Things are just too quiet." "Ugh, I hate it when you say that." "Don't you agree?" "Yeah, but when you say it, my skin starts to crawl and I get on edge even worse." "Well, just take it easy, but not too easy." "Right." "Kirk out." Jim switched frequencies. "Enterprise." "Yes, Admiral," Spock answered. "We have not heard from Starfleet as of yet." "Beam Bones and me up. I'm going to contact Carol and see if she knows anything. Have Uhura contact her for me." "Right away." Jim and Bones waited, and soon they were being beamed to the Enterprise. Spock was waiting for them. "I do not mind saying that sitting here in Klingon space and being unable to contact Starfleet creates a certain déjà vu," Spock said. "Don't remind me of that," Jim replied. They followed Jim to his quarters. He pressed the intercom button. "Lieutenant Uhura, have you contacted Carol?" he asked. "Yes, Admiral. She's waiting." "Good. Put her through." Jim turned on the viewscreen, and Carol appeared there. He could not help but smile. "I don't know whether to say good morning or good evening," he said. "Actually, it's afternoon," Carol replied. "It's good to see your face and hear your voice." "Can't you save the mushy stuff until we're out of the room?" Bones asked. Jim shook his head. "Carol, do you know what's going on with Admiral Winston?" he asked. Carol frowned. "There have been several attacks, Jim," she said. Jim was alarmed. "On Earth?" "No. On the outposts along the Romulan Neutral Zone. Romulan birds of prey have destroyed several." "They attacked us along with the rogue Klingons at Nimbus Three. We escaped, and we're back at Kronos now. Uhura has tried to contact the Admiral with no luck." "I'm not surprised about that, but I am surprised that he wouldn't contact you to help. It's rumored that they're simply going to eliminate the outposts." "Like they've been talking about doing along the Klingon border?" "Not exactly. It's definitely not for peaceful reasons, but simply because the Romulans are going to continue attacking." "I wanted to talk to the Admiral about what's been going on here and find out what he wants us to do next. I don't think this is over." "Jim, please be careful." "I will. How's Alex?" "He's fine as usual. Still sleeping." "And how are you feeling? Everything going alright at work?" "Oh yes. Just as boring as ever…but, Jim. I've started work on a new project." "What kind of new project?" "I'll tell you all about it when you get back. I think it's going to be a revolutionary discovery." "Really? And you don't want to share it over this intercom?" "No, but you'll be the first to know when you return." Jim looked at Spock and Bones. "You guys can leave now," he said. "Well how do you like that?" Bones asked as he and Spock turned toward the door. "He's kicking us out." "I believe our usefulness in this conversation has expired," Spock said. They went out into the corridor. "What do you think, Spock?" Bones asked. "You think they're gonna send us out there after those Romulans?" "It is possible. Since Jim is along, I believe it is even more likely." "Trouble follows him like a swarm of bees after honey." "I do hope that Admiral Winston contacts us soon. For the time being, we will explore Kronos while we have time." "That's another problem. I'm nervous about being on that planet. Not only is it a hostile environment, but there are some who want to kill us." "We will simply have to be cautious." "Cautious. That's a mild word." "It is the only one that fits the situation. We have been invited by our friends to their planet, and it is certain that if anyone were to attack, they would defend us to their best ability." "If they could." "I believe you underestimate our Klingon allies." They arrived at the Bridge and Spock sat in the captain's chair while Bones stood beside him looking out at the planet. "Just look at that green color," he said. "That's what burns our sinuses." "I have not experienced any burning," Spock replied. "It's because of all that methane gas in the atmosphere. What else do they have down there?" "Many things. They have also developed a way to control the methane in the atmosphere, but not to control the violent thunderstorms that rage at times." "Thunderstorms?" "Yes. Have you not read about this planet since you knew we would be coming here?" "No. I know just about all I want to know about Kronos." "Perhaps if you studied, you would know whether there are deadly viruses on this planet." "Are you telling me that I'm shirking my duty?" "No. However, if you are so concerned with the dangers of the planet, it would be wise to study the planet." "Yeah, well, I've looked at some stuff about this planet, and they've got animals down there that could tear you apart before anyone could do anything." "I do not intend to be in a place to meet any of them." Bones thought he might as well stop trying to get Spock concerned. "So when are we going back?" he asked. "When the admiral is ready," Spock replied. "I guess I'll go find someone else to talk to." Bones left the Bridge. He thought maybe he should contact Andrea, but he was not sure she wanted to talk to him. Before he left, she had said that maybe this time apart would be good for them. Did she want to see someone else? They were not living together but they were together a lot. He supposed he was not the most romantic person in the galaxy, and he was still reluctant to give his whole heart. He thought maybe he should never have gotten into this in the first place but somehow, he had wanted to. He went to his old quarters which was rather isolated because he simply liked it that way. He sat in front of the communication system and stared at the viewscreen. What would he say if he contacted her? Would they argue? He hated arguing, but he supposed he would have to face it sooner or later so he sent a signal to Pacifica. Bones sat there and waited and thought about Pacifica. It was a beautiful planet. That was the main reason he had wanted to move there. It was peaceful and a Federation world, but he had learned that after a while, it gets boring. Had he gotten so used to being on the Enterprise and being in danger that he could not relax anymore? He would never have thought that would happen to him. The communication system whistled at him and he turned on the viewscreen. Andrea's face appeared. He had not seen her since he left Pacifica. "Well, did you finally miss me?" she asked. "Yes, I miss you," Bones said. "Do you have to start the conversation off like that?" "I think so. You've been gone several days and you haven't sent me even a message." Bones frowned. He had figured this was how it would be. She would point out all his faults. He knew he had plenty of faults, but did she always have to point them out? "Well, I guess I shouldn't have contacted you at all then," he said. "Good night." He ended the transmission. If he could hang up on his best friend who was now an admiral, he could hang up on her too. Jim left his quarters with a smile on his face. Even if he had not heard from Admiral Winston, he had enjoyed his talk with Carol. He went to the Bridge where Spock was still working on reports. "I guess we should get back down there," he said. "I am ready when you are, Admiral," Spock replied. "I wouldn't want the Klingons to think we abandoned them." Jim looked at Uhura. "Still nothing?" he asked. "No, Admiral," Uhura answered. "There have been no transmissions at all." Jim frowned. "That's just odd in all kinds of ways. Are we being jammed?" "Not that I can tell." "Spock, I think the ship should stay on yellow alert and be ready for action." "I agree, Admiral. Mister Scott, once we are back on Kronos, keep the shields up and stay on yellow alert." "Are you expecting trouble, Captain?" Scotty asked. "We are being cautious." "It will be done." Jim and Spock left the Bridge. "If they were jamming us, we couldn't talk to each other from the planet," Jim said thoughtfully. "And I couldn't have talked to Carol either." "Are you thinking that there is something here that we do not know about?" Spock asked. "Maybe it's blocking certain messages." "Such as a cloaked ship?" "Those Romulans have that ability, and Carol said there have been attacks on the outposts around the Romulan Neutral Zone. That's why we haven't heard from Admiral Winston…or that's what I'm assuming." "It is not logical that he would keep you in the dark about such an event since you are here." "It doesn't make sense. I just have a bad feeling that something's going on." Jim took out his communicator. "Bones, we're about to go back," he said. "I'm on my way," Bones replied. Bones met them at the transporter room, and they were soon back on Kronos. "So what do you think is going on?" Bones asked. "I think something is jamming our transmissions to Starfleet," Jim replied. "We can communicate between the ship and the planet, I contacted Carol, but we aren't getting any transmissions from Admiral Winston or anyone else in Starfleet. Carol said there have been attacks out at the Romulan Neutral Zone on the outposts." "By the Romulans?" "Yeah. They've destroyed several of the outposts." "And we're here at Kronos waiting for something to happen?" "We can't just go out there." "Why not? You command the Enterprise and several other ships." "But I'm also under command of Admiral Winston." "Since when do you wait for his approval to do anything?" "If we haven't heard from him by tomorrow, we'll figure something out. Right now, I'm tired." "Good night, Admiral," Spock said and left the room. Bones went to the door but he stopped. "I sent a message to Pacifica too," he said. "It went through." "You talked to Andrea?" Jim asked. "Yeah. But if they're blocking our transmissions, why wouldn't they block all of them?" "I think they want it to be subtle so we wouldn't notice at first, and make us think that we're just not hearing from the Admiral." "For what purpose?" "I don't know." Bones blew out a breath. "This is sounding worse all the time. I'll see you in the morning if we're not rudely awakened during the night by some horrific incident." "Good night, Bones." Jim lay down on the bed. He had no intention of really getting into bed. He wanted to be ready to jump up if something did happen during the night…
Jim was up early the next morning. He wondered what they ate for breakfast on this planet, and he hoped it was not any of the regular dishes that he knew of in the Klingon culture. He knew he could not stomach any worm dishes or anything like that. Maybe they just had normal breakfast like eggs or something. He had eaten a Klingon bread before that was actually good. He thought he could eat that this morning. As Jim was leaving his room, Solan and Helek were waiting for him. "Morning," Jim said. "You guys been up long?" "No," Solan replied. "I thought we'd better be up before you though." "You expecting trouble?" "Aren't you?" "Well, I don't know." "Come on, Jim, you might as well tell us what's going on." "We don't know, but I suspect there are Romulans lurking around somewhere and probably even Duras's crowd. They could already be on the planet." "How could they get on the planet without us knowing?" "A cloaked ship." Solan frowned. "What do we do?" he asked. "I don't know yet. Right now, we'll just try to enjoy being on Kronos." A female Klingon met them at the end of the hallway. "My name is Enotho," she said. "I will show you to the dining chamber." Jim and the others followed her, and they soon came to a room with a long table. He was surprised to see that the table was not full of Klingon dishes but had several bowls of what looked like…fruit. "Well, that doesn't look bad at all," Solan remarked. "We have imported foods from other worlds," Enotho said. "We expected you, and the chancellor wished to accommodate you." "Thank you," Jim replied. "Is the chancellor joining us?" "He will join you shortly." Jim and the others sat down at the table. Bones and Spock soon arrived, and they too were also surprised at the layout. "Hey, this doesn't look half bad," Bones said. "It actually looks good," Jim replied. Bones and Spock sat down across from Jim. "So, have you found out anything else?" Bones asked. "No. No one has contacted us or anything. I'm getting just a little worried." "I am also concerned, Admiral," Spock replied. "If our enemies are jamming our transmissions, they are doing it in a very subtle way. One that is not easily detected." "Maybe they're just making it look like the messages went through but they didn't." "But if that's happening, we know someone's out there who shouldn't be," Solan said. "And even the Klingons here don't know about it." "They have to be monitoring everything." "I am certain that they are," Spock said. Soon, Chancellor Gorkon arrived, along with Korax and Grakar. Jirrok was also there, but they were the only ones. However, there were also three female Klingons whom Jim had not met. Jim and the others stood up. "Good morning, Chancellor," he said. "Good morning, Admiral," Gorkon replied. "I would like you to meet my daughter, Azetbur." Jim bowed his head. "It's nice to meet you," he said. "Likewise," Azetbur replied. "I have heard much about you from my father." They all sat down at the table. "Admiral, this is my mate, Odreli," Korax said. "She is the mother of my son, Karf. You have not met him yet." "It's an honor to meet my friend's family," Jim replied. He was not sure how to respond to Klingons sometimes. "Is the food pleasing?" Gorkon asked. "I instructed the chef to create dishes for humans." "It's very pleasing. I wasn't aware that you imported foods to your planet." "We have not in the past but we do now. It is part of our becoming part of this galaxy. As we would wish to have Klingon dishes on other worlds, we intend to please our guests." "That's good diplomacy." "It is time to feast." Jim watched as the Klingons began eating their own dishes, even the "worm" dish. He looked across the table at Bones and Spock. Spock was concentrating on his own food, but Bones was trying to shield his eyes. "You do not eat!" Korax said. "I'm about to," Jim replied. He got some of the food that was fixed for them, even eggs. He thought the smell of those eggs combined with some of the smells of the Klingon foods were not good for his appetite, but he did not want to cause offense. He looked toward Chancellor Gorkon. "Chancellor, have there been any indications of any ships in the system?" "We have been monitoring, but have not detected anything," Gorkon replied. "If they are cloaked, we would not know but we are vigilant." "I'm sure you are, but we haven't heard from Starfleet. I have heard from my wife, but not headquarters. Could they filter our messages?" Gorkon considered that. "It is possible with all the technology they steal. You remember the monstrous ship that was destroyed." Jim nodded. "I do. You think they've created something like that again?" "I do not have the knowledge to say yes or no. It is possible." "If they do, we can be sure that it will most likely be worse than the one before. That power technology was incredible." "I have heard of this. The sphere." "Yes. Seeing it in operation was amazing. I just wish we could have captured that ship." "As do I," Grakar added. "It was a great annoyance that we let Heegat win." "He didn't exactly win in the end." Solan could remember how Heegat had died. He had seen to it that he would not terrorize the galaxy any longer. He had wanted to be involved in that because Heegat had killed his brother. He was alone in the galaxy now except for Jim Kirk and his crew. Solan supposed that was why he had joined himself to this crew. They were the only family he had, and he felt at home with them. When they were done eating, Gorkon showed them more of the palace, and Jim found that Gorkon's daughter shared many of her father's ideas about peace. She would also be his successor. Jim found that interesting. After a while, Jim and the others went outside with Grakar and Korax. "I'm glad you've found a way to repair your atmosphere," Jim said as he looked up at the sky. "It will take years yet," Grakar replied. "But it has already improved." "Technology is amazing." "Yes. We have received help from the Federation. It is a good alliance." "I agree. How far does the canyon go?" "Hard to say. Many miles." "Is there a river in it?" "Yes. In some places it is quite deep, but in others it is more of a small stream." "Is the canyon dangerous?" "There are dangers everywhere on Kronos. One must know where they are going and what lives there. Klingons live for the danger. It is what has made us a strong race." "I'd like to see more of this planet while we're here." "You would need a guide." "I would be glad to be a guide," Korax volunteered. "There are many things to see on Kronos. Some may be quite surprising. Some who have come here did not expect to see anything of beauty on Kronos, but I will take you to a place where there is a flower that only blooms once a year, and it is lovelier than any you have seen." "I'd like to see that," Jim said. He would not have imagined that the word "lovely" was one that the Klingons used very often. He looked around them at the planet landscape. This area of Kronos was not barren like the part they had seen when they were there before, and although the sun was still rather obscured, it seemed to glow on the distant hillsides. The city glistened even in the dimmed light of the sun. "How are these buildings made?" "They have been hewn out of the rocks," Korax said with pride. Jim's mouth dropped open. "All of them?" "Yes. There is not a Klingon who is afraid of hard work." "I see." Jim knew there was so much they did not know about the Klingons and he wanted to know more. He thought they were a much deeper people than anyone knew. As they walked around, Jim started to feel more comfortable and they did not meet any Klingons who did not like their being there. "Who would have thought there was anything like this on Kronos?" Bones asked quietly as they stood on a cliff and could see for miles and could see the edge of the large ocean. "Just goes to show you that you shouldn't go by what anyone else says but see it for yourself," Jim replied. "Many assume that because the Klingons are a proud and vigorous people that we have nothing of beauty," Korax said. "We have beauty as well as pride and vigor. It is not impossible to have it all." Jim scowled at that slightly as he glanced at Korax. He wondered if he was trying to be funny, but he was not sure. "I couldn't have said it better myself," he said. "I have learned much in my time aboard your ship and in spending time with humans. One does not have to be aggressive all the time." "You're right." Korax pointed toward the hill they were about to come to. "This trail will lead over the hill and will show us the valley where the Kyamo flower grows," he said. "This flower is a mystery to the rest of the galaxy." "You mean no one's ever seen it but Klingons?" Bones asked. "Mostly. Its fragrance fills the whole valley." "Are there a lot of them?" Jim asked. "You will see." Soon they topped the hill where they could see down into the valley. Jim, Spock, and Bones were amazed. The valley was almost white with flowers that looked almost like lilies. "And they only bloom now?" Jim asked. "Yes," Korax replied. "Do you smell the fragrance?" Jim thought he could smell a slight fragrance, but then he sneezed. "I assume these aren't the only flowers that grow here," he said. "No," Korax replied. "But we must go back. The thunderstorms come." Jim looked toward the horizon, and he could definitely see a dark cloud coming that way. They headed back, and by the time they arrived, the thunderstorm was almost upon them. The thunder was loud and the lightning was the worst Jim had ever seen. He watched out the window as the rain poured down and the thunderstorm raged. Bones came into Jim's room. "That's some thunderboomer out there, isn't it?" he asked. "I'm glad we didn't get caught in that." Jim was silent and Bones waited a moment before he said anything else. "Jim, what do you think's going on?" he asked. "You know what I think," Jim replied. "I don't know anything else to say." "How do we get out of here?" "Well, they haven't attacked the Enterprise. If we go back to it and just leave, they might not do anything." "How do you know they're not waiting for you to return to the ship? Or is that what you think?" "What good would it do for me to go back? They'd have less of a chance of getting us on the Enterprise." "You may be right. Why would they block communications from Starfleet, but let you talk to Carol?" "I don't know." Jim paced back and forth. "There has to be a point to all of this. Why would they even agree to the talks if they had no intention of making peace? I can't figure that one out." "The only thing I can think of is that they either wanted to capture you or the chancellor, or kill one or the both of you. It might be in their interest to kill the chancellor, but I think it would do them more good to capture you." "How comforting, Bones." "I'm serious, Jim." "I know. But why? Why do they want to capture me to get information? What are they planning?" Bones shook his head. "Who knows? After all, there are Romulans involved and probably even those Nausicaans." "Do they really think they can attack Earth or any other installations? Do they have some sort of weapon we don't know about?" Bones frowned. "There's always something worse, isn't there?" "Almost always." Jim sniffed and then sneezed. "I think I'm allergic to something on this planet," he said. "Allergic? Ugh, let me get the medical kit. There's always something with you." "Hey, that's why you're along." Jim looked out the window while he waited for Bones. Why would those Romulans and Klingons think they could benefit from anything he knew? He sneezed again. He wanted to talk to Carol again, but suppose they were monitoring their communications…she had told him about the attacks on the outposts. When he considered that and the fact that they wanted to capture him, he thought it all added up to a weapon they did not know about, and that the Romulans wanted to keep it hidden by eliminating the outposts around the Neutral Zone. Bones came back into the room with a hypospray. "This oughta clear up that allergy," he said and put it to Jim's neck. "I hate that," Jim said as he felt the sting. "Well, until there are some developments where I can just point at you and give you medicine, you'll have to deal with this method." "Thanks a lot." "Hey, like I said, a doctor has to have some kind of fun in life." "Bones, don't you think it's odd that the Romulans attacked all those outposts and also want to capture me?" Jim asked. "Oh, I hate it when you add things together like that," Bones said. "Yeah, I think it's odd. I think there's something going on out there that none of us know about." "But the Romulan Star Empire isn't involved in this. Why didn't they stop the others?" "Maybe they didn't want to. How do you know they're not involved?" "I don't for sure, but I don't think they would make such a bold move, and the Klingon Empire's not involved either." "Too bad they won't work with us to stop them." "Now, Bones, you know the Klingons are going to help us." They were silent as they looked out the window at the raging storm again. Jim pressed the bridge of his nose. "I don't think I've ever had an allergy like this since I climbed up in the barn and stirred up a bunch of hay dust." Bones rolled his eyes at that. "Well, at least we know this wasn't caused by anything like that." "That's not the…your mind is always in the gutter, isn't it? I'll have you know, I was just a kid, and I was playing." "Fine. How should I know you were adventurous?" "Shut up. I did plenty of running through corn fields. You call that not adventurous?" "Oh yeah, that must be why you joined Starfleet. You wanted to see what was beyond the cornfields." "You're such a pessimist." "Hey, I ran through corn fields too, rode horses. None of that now. Now we run through corridors and jungles wondering if we're going to die in the next second or be captured and tortured." "Well, maybe running through the cornfields prepared us for this." "You wish." Spock came into the room next. "Admiral, may I enter?" he asked. "Yes," Jim replied. "Have you found out anything?" "There are still no signs of ships. However, a scrambled message was sent from the planet." "To where?" "Uhura could not trace it." "Could she tell where it came from on the planet?" "No." Jim sighed. "They're definitely up to something," he said. "But what?" "Admiral, it may be wise of us to go back to the Enterprise and go back to Earth for the time being. If they are planning something because we are here, then it is obvious that we should leave. If they cannot capture you, they cannot force information from you." "Are you wanting me to go back to Earth and hide in my office?" "Jim, he's just trying to say that this just might be too dangerous for an Admiral to be out here saying 'hey, come and get me'," Bones said. "Maybe we should go back to Earth. At least we could find out what's going on there." Jim paused a moment. "We'll leave after this thunderstorm is over. Maybe you two can relax now." "I will inform the crew," Spock said. Jim lay down on his bed with his hands behind his head. He had a lot of thinking to do, and he could not believe that the Romulans and Klingons would go through all this just to capture him. He thought they intended to assassinate the Chancellor as well. When the thunderstorm ended, Jim went to talk to Chancellor Gorkon who was also watching the outside. "Admiral Kirk," he said. "Have a seat." Jim sat down across from him on a plush chair that seemed too soft for his taste. "Chancellor, I wanted to inform you that we're leaving today," he said. "So soon? Are you not enjoying your visit?" "Oh, yes, we are. I'm concerned about the communications jam, and I think it would be better if we went back to Earth to find out what's happening there as well." "Do you not believe we can protect you?" "That's not it. I'm sure you can, but I just feel like there's something happening that we don't know about, and if we go back to Earth, we'll likely have a better picture, and we'll inform you of whatever we find out. I do think you should be very cautious. Something's just not adding up." "You are right. Until we know the intentions of our enemies, we cannot stop them." Gorkon set his cup down that he was drinking from. "I believe they are building another ship. They know that if they defeat the Federation, they can dominate much of the rest of the Galaxy." "My ship also detected a scrambled message that was sent from the planet." Gorkon frowned. "They will not succeed if they attack this city again," he declared. "We will be ready for them." "We don't know where they were sending the message to. The ship couldn't trace it." "Then our enemies are able to communicate while they jam your communications, and even ours. If I had had the battle with Duras, this might be over now." "Chancellor, I don't think they intended for that to be a fight of honor. I just think there was something more sinister about it." "You do not believe he would have fought with honor? Even his own followers would not have followed him after such treachery." "I don't think he cares much for honor anymore. He wants power." "Why did he agree to the peace conference then? Even to the cease-fire?" Jim considered that. "I don't know. None of this makes any sense. I think that was just a diversion. It was just a way of distracting us away from something bigger I think." Jim stood up and paced a moment. He was quite troubled about the implications of the whole situation. "I really think he wanted to distract us from the attacks on the outposts because it happened right after we left Earth," he said. "The outposts were important," Gorkon replied. "Without them, it is impossible to know what goes in and out of the Neutral Zone." "Right. I think that's the point." "Do you think you will be safer on your ship than on this planet?" "We'll be at warp." "If they know you have transported, you might not make it to warp. If they want you as badly as you think, they would not simply sit by and let their valuable quarry escape." Jim frowned. "Well, we're pretty good at escaping. I just want you to be cautious too." "I have guards. They are the best." Jim nodded. "Still, I'm not even sure they're after me," he said. "But I am sure that we need to know what's happening. So, we're going to attempt to find out." "If that is what you must do. I wish you good luck." "Thank you." Jim left there and signaled the Enterprise that he was ready to transport, but he did not get an answer. "Enterprise," he said, but still nothing happened. He moved outside and tried again. "Come in, Enterprise." He closed his communicator and nervously looked around him at the gloomy surroundings. He backed up toward the entrance and then turned and ran back inside. As Jim was hurrying to warn the chancellor, he heard yelling in Klingon. He stopped in his tracks but he could not tell which direction the noise was coming from. However, the yelling changed to cries of anger, and he could definitely hear that there was a fight going on. He ran on toward the chancellor's room, but before he could get there, he met up with a Klingon…two Romulans and a Nausicaan. Jim grabbed his phaser and dived for a stone structure that was there in the corridor where he was. He got behind it just in time because the Klingon fired stun bolts at him. They were so close, Jim felt the vibration. He looked around the edge of the structure and fired toward the others. They scattered, and Jim ran to the next structure which was taller. He did not have to be lying down behind this one so he was squatted. He looked over the top of it and fired at almost the same instant that one of the Romulans fired. Jim ducked in time and his shots did not hit any targets. Unbeknownst to him, the Klingon had made it to the other side of the structure he was hiding behind and was waiting for him to try to fire again. Jim took out his communicator again. "Enterprise!" he said. "Come in!" There was no answer, and Jim raised up to try and fire again, and the Klingon grabbed his wrist causing his shots to go into the ceiling. Jim tried to get his arm out of the Klingon's grip, but he grabbed his other wrist as well, and Jim could see that there was a Romulan coming to help. He tried to wrestle his arms from the Klingon, but the Romulan got there and grabbed the gun from him. The Klingon then dragged him from behind the structure he was hiding behind. Jim tried desperately to keep his footing as the others also surrounded him. "Admiral Kirk," the Klingon said. "We've been looking for you." "Let me have him," the Nausicaan said with his strange accent. "I will get great pleasure extracting information from him." "NO!" Jim yelled. He struggled so hard that he actually got loose from them. He scrambled to his feet again and ran down the next corridor as stun bolts hit the wall where he had been. He was running out of sheer terror, and although he had seen some of the Great Hall, he did not know his way around very well. Finally, Jim came to a door that led outside. He wondered where Korax and the other Klingons were, but he could hear yelling and sounds of fighting. He thought they must be all engaged in battles and probably did not know he was even still there. As Jim ran out the door of the Great Hall, he was on one of the narrow bridges that led over to another area of the city. He ran with all his might, hoping he could get across before they hit him with stun bolts. He made it across that and then came to a stairway that led down beside some other structures that he thought were probably homes. He ran between two of the structures and could hear his pursuers coming down the stairway. Jim hurried around another corner and stood there panting with his back to one of the walls. Then he remembered that the Nausicaan could track him by scent. He ran on down that alleyway and then crossed another bridge. He only wished he knew where he was going. Just as Jim was about to dart between the next buildings, he heard someone say, "Admiral! This way!" Jim looked to see who had called to him, and it was Azetbur, Chancellor Gorkon's daughter. He ran toward her and she took him into a room with a stairway that led down to another cave-like area, and then into a smaller room. She locked the door, and Jim stood beside the wall panting. He thought he was hyperventilating from all that panic. "How did you find me?" he asked. "I did not find you," Azetbur replied. "I saw you as you came this way." "Where are we?" "My safe place." "I'm not sure it's safe from them." "They will not find the door." "I couldn't contact my ship." "They have disrupted all communications now. It happened suddenly and there was no time for warning." "Does your father have a place like this to go?" "He does, but he will not go right away. He will fight." "I heard fighting going on in the Great Hall." "There is fighting above the planet as well. Your friends are in great danger. They should leave because they have no hope of retrieving you now." Jim was still panting but he thought he was starting to get his breath back as he looked out the window of the place he was in. He thought that was probably a thousand foot drop or more. It was certain that no one would be coming in that window. He looked up toward space and could see some movement out there, but it was obscured by clouds. "Are there any ships I could take up there?" he asked. "That would not be wise," Azetbur said. "I can't just sit here and do nothing." "Korax and the others will come for us. Were you planning to run forever?" Jim frowned. He supposed he was running in terror and was not thinking about fighting at all. What had he intended to do? "I don't want to just sit here," he said. "Is there another way out of here?" "You would not want to go out that way. There are many dangers." "What do you mean?" "You would be in the jungle wilderness. You have no weapons." "Aren't there any weapons in here?" "Klingons always keep weapons." Azetbur opened a panel and there were all sorts of Klingon weapons. Jim grabbed a bat'leth, a large blaster rifle and a kut'luch. He put a smaller blaster into the holster where his phaser would have been. "You intend to brave the jungle wilderness?" Azetbur asked. "I do," Jim replied. "I'm going to try to get back to the Great Hall now that I've escaped the ones who wanted to capture me." "You are brave for a human, Admiral." Jim glanced at her as he saw that admiring look she was giving him. He made sure the blasters were fully charged and that he had more charges. "Well, I'm not usually one to run from trouble, but I was outnumbered." "I will go with you then. It will take at least a day to get through the jungle wilderness." "Are you sure you want to go?" "Why shouldn't I? I will change into something more appropriate." Jim was not going to argue with her, and he hoped she knew her way around there. When she was changed into what looked like a body suit, they went out the back of the "cave". Jim wondered how the place could be so dark during the day, but he also knew the day was already starting to fade. The thunderstorm had taken up a lot of the day. He could even still hear distant thunder. As they traveled through thick woods, the world only became darker. Jim did not like being out of touch with the ship for so long. He had no idea if they were even still orbiting Kronos.
The Enterprise had been totally taken by surprise when several birds of prey and warbirds had de-cloaked. They had had no choice but to leave. They had been unable to reach Jim Kirk, and did not know where he was at the moment. "What kind of plan are you making?" Bones asked as he and Spock were standing on the Bridge looking at Caleb IV which was the space station right outside Klingon space. "I do not know at the moment," Spock replied. "Spock, we can't just leave him down there." "Doctor, I am aware of this. However, if we become captured ourselves, it will only make the situation worse for the Admiral." "I know that." "I understand your concern and your anxiety, but at this moment, we must think logically rather than with our anxieties." Just then, the ship shuddered as Lieutenant Jarvis docked the ship with the space station. She looked at them sheepishly. "Sorry, Captain," she said. "Try to be more careful next time," Spock replied. "She's definitely no Sulu," Bones murmured. "Where is Sulu anyway? And have you reached Starfleet?" "I am about to attempt to now." Spock turned to Uhura. "Send a message to Starfleet." Uhura sent the message, and they waited. Bones paced back and forth. They all hoped they would receive some sort of reply this time. "What if we don't get anything this time either?" Bones asked. "I am certain that we will, Doctor," Spock replied. "Since we know they were jamming our communications, we are certain to get through." Soon, they received a reply from Admiral Winston. "On screen," Spock said. They all looked as Admiral Winston appeared on the screen. "Mister Spock," he said. "We have wondered if you ran into trouble." "Yes, sir, we have. We have been cut off from Starfleet as well." Spock explained to the Admiral what had been happening and where they were now. "I do not know what course of action to take to get the admiral back," he said. Admiral Winston was silent. "I'm not sure there's a way," he said. "You would only succeed at getting the Enterprise destroyed." "But, Sir, if we do nothing and Jim is captured, it could be devastating for the Federation." "I agree. They didn't destroy those outposts for nothing. Have you seen any evidence of what they're up to?" "Admiral Kirk believes they may have another ship similar to the one we encountered before. The ship he called the Monstrosity." "I remember, Captain. It's certainly possible that they've built one even more advanced than the one they had before." "The only reason that they want Admiral Kirk is so that they can try to get security secrets from him." "I know that. But you can't take a ship full of people in there after him. If they have that many ships there…" Bones frowned. "We're not just going to leave him there, are we?" he asked. "We may not have a choice. We'll just have to change all the security codes." "You can't just leave Jim there! He was sent over here to conduct peace talks that were nothing but a hoax!" "Don't argue with me, Doctor." "Admiral…" "Doctor McCoy, you are out of line," Spock interrupted. "Return to the medical bay and we will talk later." Spock did not want the doctor to get into trouble with the Admiral, but he knew how upset he was about Jim. Bones started to argue but he stopped. "Yes sir," he replied and left the Bridge. Spock turned back to Admiral Winston. "I apologize for the doctor. He is a personal friend of Admiral Kirk." "I'm aware of that. It doesn't excuse insubordination." "Yes Sir." "Mister Spock, if there's anything you can do, do it, but don't risk the ship and everyone on it." "I will be cautious if we attempt anything." "As you know, most of the ships in the fleet are occupied." "Admiral, excuse me for saying this, but this situation seems to be worse than anything we have heard of so far. The Klingons are our allies. Should we not attempt to help them?" "I'll get back to you on that. Right now, it's not possible. Keep me informed. Winston out." Spock saw the viewscreen go back to space. He stood silent for a moment. Uhura came over to him. "What are you going to do?" she asked. "I do not know," Spock replied. "I do know that if it were one of us on that planet, Jim would do something." "Spock, there were too many of those ships. Admiral Winston is right." "He is correct about the Enterprise, but a smaller ship may be able to get to the planet without being seen." "Maybe the admiral can find a ship to get off the planet. I know he's your friend but if you were captured, they would use you against him…or anyone else." "You are correct. However, that does not mean that we can simply leave him and not try to do something." "We know the other Klingons are fighting. They've already had battles on Kronos and the Empire won." "But they have no communications to call for help." Spock turned toward the turbo lift. "I must speak with the doctor. You have the con until Mister Scott arrives on the Bridge." Uhura just stood there until the doors closed. She was not sure what they could do… Spock arrived at the medical bay where Doctor McCoy was sitting behind his work station. "Doctor, I wish to speak with you," Spock said. "Go ahead," Bones replied. "I understand how you feel, but I sent you away because I did not want you to be reprimanded by Admiral Winston." "Thanks." Spock knew McCoy was just being stubborn now. "We must discuss what we plan to do to help Jim," Spock said. "Do you really need my input?" Bones asked. "I believe we do. Are you going to continue being uncooperative or are you going to come with me?" Bones stood up. "Fine." "Are you angry because I reprimanded you in front of Admiral Winston?" "Well, now that you mention it, I am just a little bit upset." "Perhaps next time, I will let the admiral reprimand you himself. You must realize that he is not like Jim." Bones frowned. "Alright. I can admit when I'm wrong." "Good." They left the medical bay. "So, where are we going?" Bones asked. "To talk to Solan," Spock replied. "Oh." Jim and Azetbur were still trekking through the jungle, and it was completely dark now, so they decided to stop. Jim knew why it was taking so long. They had to go all the way around the city which was up on the plateau. He sat down beside a tree and leaned his head back. They could still hear fighting even as far away as they were. "The Klingons will not stop fighting until the battle is won," Azetbur said as she looked up toward the city. "I just wish I could have helped to prevent this," Jim replied. "I don't know how my friends are. I can't even contact my wife." "You only have one wife?" Jim scowled at that question. "Yeah. That's usually how it works." "There are some species in the galaxy which have more than one mate. You do not want more than one mate?" "No. One is quite enough for me. I suppose we should get some rest. Maybe we can get back to the Great Hall early tomorrow." Jim leaned back against the tree hoping that Azetbur would not ask him anymore awkward questions. He soon began dozing and dreamed that he was surrounded by Klingons and Romulans. He started awake and looked to see Azetbur lying beside him asleep. He was sitting up against the tree, and it was not a very comfortable position. He looked around them, but it was hard to see anything. He started to doze again, and he smelled some sort of fragrance in the air that made him want to sneeze. He remembered those flowers they had seen the day before. He would never have thought anything like that grew on Kronos. He sneezed, trying to stay quiet. He thought he was certainly allergic to that flower. Just as Jim was about to doze again, his communicator chirped. He was surprised and grabbed it from his pocket. "Kirk here," he said quietly. "Admiral Kirk, I am relieved that you are still with us," Korax replied. "What happened up there?" "We have triumphed at the Great Hall." "I didn't get back to my ship." "We realized this." "I escaped from some of them and Azetbur and I are in the jungle." "You are in the jungle? With Azetbur?" "Yes. I still hear fighting." "There is still fighting, but it is no longer threatening the Great Hall. The battle in space still rages, but they no longer jam our communications." "Is the Enterprise still there?" "It has not been seen. They must have left because of the overwhelming odds." "If I know Spock, they'll be back." "Were you pursued into the jungle?" "I don't think so. We haven't seen anyone." "Some have fled into the jungle. You must be cautious. They are probably regrouping for their next attack. The cowards." "Korax, have you heard anything from Starfleet?" "Not yet, but we have sent a message to your Admiral." "Did you try to contact the Enterprise?" "I will do that next." "Let me know if you hear from them." "I will." The transmission ended. Jim was relieved that he could talk to someone again, but he was worried now. Some had fled into the jungle. He stood up and walked around to look but he knew he would not see them if there were others out there. Would they build a fire? If they did, he might be able to see the glow. Jim looked at Azetbur. He did not want to just leave her there and not tell her he was scouting. He squatted and touched her shoulder, which he learned very quickly was a mistake because she grabbed his wrist and he found himself on his back. "Admiral, you should be more careful when you are in a dangerous situation with someone," Azetbur said as she leaned over him. "I'll try to remember that," Jim replied. He got up. "I was going to tell you that I'm going to scout around. Korax contacted me and said some of them had fled into the jungle. I thought they might have built fires." "I will go with you then." "Sure." They began walking through the jungle again. Jim wondered if they could even see the light of a fire if there was one out there with the thick foliage. However, as they went a little further, he heard voices…angry voices. They went a little further and then could see the glow of a fire. "There will be lookouts," Azetbur whispered. "We will be captured if we get too close. I can hear them from here." Jim could hear the Klingon talking in the Klingon language, but he had never learned the Klingon language, although he thought he knew a few words. "They do not intend to give up," Azetbur whispered. "They intend to attack the Great Hall again." "Then we need to be moving that way tonight," Jim whispered. "Would it be quicker to go back the way we came or keep going the other way?" Azetbur considered that. "It would be quicker if we continue. If we want to be ahead of them, we should move now." "Let's go." They started back out into the jungle and moved quickly. After two hours of running and climbing over vines and logs, Jim had to stop. He wished they at least had some water, but they had had no time to bring anything with them. "We must keep moving if we are to get there early," Azetbur said. "Right," Jim replied. "I just had to stop a minute." By the time daylight began breaking, they were coming around to the edge of the plateau slope. Jim thought he might crash on a bed somewhere after that long, fast trek through the jungle. They had even been through a thunderstorm with no shelter. They still had to get to the Great Hall, but as they stopped at the edge of the city, his communicator chirped. "Kirk here," Jim answered. "Admiral, I have made contact with the Enterprise," Korax said. "They were relieved to hear that you were not captured or killed. They were planning to come after you." "We're at the edge of the city now." "There are some still hiding in the city. You should be careful. They have family here but they are still traitors and will attack you." "What about the ships in space?" "Duras and his mob have a limited supply. They have gone for the time being, but I am certain that they will return." "Yeah, and they may have their next monstrosity too." "Stay where you are and we will bring a ship and transport you." "Okay." The transmission ended. Jim was glad he would not have to find his way all the way through that city. He leaned on a tree and rubbed his eyes. He thought all that sitting in an office had taken some of his endurance away. He looked at Azetbur who was waiting at the other side of the trail they were on. She drew her blaster as she looked toward the city. Jim instantly became alert as she looked toward him. He waited to see who was coming, trying to keep his breathing quiet. He could hear someone talking in Klingon language. He thought they must be awfully bold to be walking through there and talking like that. Then again, Klingons were known for being bold. Soon, three Klingons came into the trail. Jim stayed in the shadows and would have let them pass on by, but Azetbur was in no such mood. "Stop right there!" she demanded as she was behind them. The three Klingons whirled around and glared at her. Jim had his blaster out now too, and he stepped out of the shadows. One of the Klingons glared at him. "Admiral Kirk!" he said. "You will not escape." "I think you need glasses. This blaster is pointing at you, not me." Just then, they heard a ship coming. Jim smiled slightly. "I think you're the ones who won't escape," he said. "Think again!" Jim whirled as a Nausicaan suddenly came from among the trees. He grabbed Jim shoving him backward and into a tree. That was all the Klingons needed as a distraction. Two of them went for Azetbur, and the other went to help the Nausicaan get control of Jim. Jim struggled with the two of them, and he drew the kut'luch. The Klingon jumped back avoiding the blade as Jim swung it at him. The Nausicaan punched Jim so hard, he wondered if it loosened some teeth. He tasted blood in his mouth, but he still had the kut'luch in his hand. However, he was at the disadvantage because he was trapped on the ground between two trees. As the Nausicaan came at him again, Jim managed to dive out of the area he was in and rolled down into the trail. He tried to come back to his feet, but the Klingon tackled him and they struggled over the kut'luch. Jim saw the ship coming over the treetops, and he thought they must know they were in a struggle. The Nausicaan joined the struggle again. He grabbed Jim by the head and slammed his head into the ground, addling him. He shook his head trying to clear the fog that seemed to be there as he tried to hold onto the kut'luch. But then, a big fist punched him so hard that he was sure he saw stars. Korax and several other Klingons shimmied down from the ship to join the fight. The Nausicaan picked Jim up over his shoulders. "I will take care of them," the Klingon said. "You take our prey." The Nausicaan ran out into the jungle with Jim over his shoulders as the Klingon turned to face Korax and Dipodi. "We have your Admiral now," he said. "You cannot save him." "We will see!" Korax replied. Jim was not completely knocked out but he was addled. He was starting to realize that he was being carried through the jungle. Being carried?! Jim suddenly used his legs to knock his captor off balance, and the Nausicaan tripped, falling into the thick foliage. Jim fell too, of course, and scrambled his way out of the vines and bushes. With a yell of frustration, the Nausicaan tackled Jim and grabbed him in a choke hold. Jim remembered Spock teaching him how to get out of something like that. He elbowed the Nausicaan in the stomach and then used momentum to propel him over his shoulder. The Nausicaan landed on his back with a surprised look on his face. Jim did not wait to see if he would get up, but turned and ran back toward the area they had been in when the fight started. He heard the Nausicaan's yell of rage behind him and he tried to run faster through the tangle of brush and tree roots. He could not outrun the Nausicaan, however, but he still had the bat'leth on his back. He decided to stop and make a stand. He jerked the bat'leth from his back and glared at the Nausicaan as he came into the slight clearing. "You are a brave one!" the Nausicaan said as he drew his lance which doubled in length at the press of a button. Jim knew he could not combat that stunning weapon with a bat'leth. "I won't let you take me to be tortured!" he declared. "I will enjoy torturing you." Jim realized he was going to have to be the aggressor or this enemy would simply hit him with that electric shock. He lunged for the Nausicaan and the bat'leth met the lance with a clang of metal, but Jim swung the bat'leth around in a circle trying to slice the Nausicaan's legs, but he managed to jump over the weapon. As he came back down, he tried to touch Jim with the lance, but Jim got the bat'leth back up to clang once again. Korax was fighting with the Klingon who had attacked Jim, but Korax knew him as Egek. They were in a vicious bat'leth battle which would more than likely end with one of them dead and the other wounded. Dapodi was watching the battle as he and the others had already taken care of the two Klingons who had attacked Azetbur. However, Grakar and Jirrok had gone after Jim and the Nausicaan. They arrived at the small clearing in time to see Jim battling with the Nausicaan. They stood still to watch, and Jim noticed them. He knew they would not help him unless it looked like the Nausicaan was going to win and capture him. He wished they did not care so much about fighting with honor because he was exhausted. He would not consider it dishonor at all if they just came and made short work of this Nausicaan. The Nausicaan stood back and glared at Jim as he had seen the others come as well. "Your friends do not help you, puny one!" he said. Jim did not say anything. He knew he was getting tired, but he would not just give in and let this Nausicaan take him to his band of traitors. Jim lunged at him again, but this time the Nausicaan managed to thwart his bat'leth attack and touched his hip with the lance. Jim felt the electrical jolt and his whole left leg went numb. His leg collapsed under him and he barely got the bat'leth up in time to stop the Nausicaan from touching his head with the lance. Grakar stepped into the clearing then and had his own bat'leth. "His battle is finished," he said. "To take him, you must defeat me." The Nausicaan snarled at him. Jirrok got Jim out of the clearing. "If I win this fight, the Admiral belongs to me!" the Nausicaan declared. "NO deal," Grakar replied. "You will not take him anywhere." "You protect this puny human!" "I protect my friend!" Jim leaned against a tree panting as he watched Grakar swing that bat'leth with much more skill than he ever could, and the fight did not last very long. Grakar returned his weapon to its sheath. "You are glad we arrived, are you not?" he asked as he walked over to Jim. "Ecstatic," Jim replied. Grakar pulled Jim up. "Can you walk?" Jim felt rather dizzy after all that activity. "Well…" "It is not far." Grakar picked Jim up onto his shoulder and they headed back to the trail. Jim did not care if he did have to hang upside down. He was exhausted. Jirrok kept a lookout around them as they walked. By the time they got there, Korax had defeated the other Klingon as well. "We have rescued the Admiral," Grakar said as he set Jim down. Jim stumbled because his leg still felt numb, but they did not let him fall. "I have seen you looking better, my friend," Korax said. "I've known myself to be feeling better too," Jim replied. He was still wet from all the rain they had walked through the night before, and he thought all the dirt he came in contact with while he fought was clinging to him. "The ship is waiting." They got aboard the ship and were soon on their way back to the Great Hall. Jim sat in the chair and wanted to simply fall asleep but Azetbur sat beside him. "You fought hard," she said. "I tried," Jim replied. "You are very tired." "Oh, well, I've been this tired before…I think." Suddenly, an alarm began blaring in the ship. "Incoming missile!" Dapodi said. Jim sat up and almost said evasive maneuvers, but he remembered that this was not his ship. However, Dapodi was accustomed to dodging, and he rolled the ship to avoid the missile. It exploded close to the ship however, and damaged the shields slightly. "I thought you said the ships were out in space," Jim said. "That was not from a ship," Dapodi replied. "It was from the ground. I will relieve them of their weapons." He turned the ship around and aimed at the area where the missile came from. Jim watched as there was a large explosion on the ground among a lot of trees. "You think you got them?" he asked. "Hard to tell," Dapodi replied. "But I know I gave them something to think about." Jim thought this was as bad as being with Solan and Bones. "Great." Dapodi put the ship down in the hangar at the Great Hall and they all disembarked. Jim thought some of the feeling was coming back into his leg but it certainly felt weird. The Klingons seemed to be in a hurry, so they helped him get back into the Great Hall and all the doors were locked. "I want to contact the Enterprise," Jim said. "If that is what you wish," Korax replied. "They know you are well." Jim thought he was beginning to know just how weary he was. "Are you suggesting that I rest first?" "You have fought hard after running through the jungle all night…and you don't look very well." "Oh I don't, huh?" "A mineral bath is just what you need." "A mineral bath?" "Yes. Relaxes the muscles. Makes one feel invigorated." Jim almost laughed. "You find this amusing?" Korax asked. "Well…I never would have thought of the Klingons relaxing in a bath," Jim said. "Hmmm. You do not know much about the Klingons." "I know, but I'm learning all the time. What if I'm allergic to your minerals?" "Perhaps you should just use water." "I don't exactly have any clothes to change into. Everything went back to the Enterprise." "I will find something for you while your clothes are being cleaned." "Thank you." Jim noticed there was what looked like a reflective stone in his room. He reluctantly looked at himself and rolled his eyes. "Ugh, it's worse than I thought," he said to himself. He thought it was no wonder Korax thought he should do something to himself before he called his friends. He supposed he could not cover up those bruises. He wished he could just lie down and sleep for a long time. Korax soon returned with a Klingon robe and some other clothes that looked like they would be too big for Jim. "They will do until your clothes are clean," he said. "Sure," Jim replied. "If you should need something else, you should ask." "Thanks. I think this will be all I need." "I will see you later then." Jim went on into the Klingon equivalent of a bathroom. He thought maybe it looked pretty normal, but the water did not come from a faucet like he was used to. However, when it came out, it was hot. Jim wondered if it came from some hot spring. He knew Kronos was known for volcanoes as well as all the other features he had seen. He climbed into the bath and almost climbed back out because of the temperature of the water, but he sat down in it anyway. He did not want to fall asleep there but the water was relaxing and it was running the whole time, and running out as well. If he had not stayed there, he would not have found out about this. Maybe the Enterprise could come back now that the battle was over for now. He was uneasy about how close he had come to being captured. He had thought he would not get away from that Nausicaan, but he did only because Grakar showed up. That evening, Jim was resting on his bed when Korax came back to the door. "The Enterprise has contacted you," he said. "Okay," Jim replied. He followed Korax to the communication array. "Admiral, I am pleased to see you well," Spock said. "It's good to see you too, Spock. Are you coming back to Kronos?" "To retrieve you, but I am not certain that Admiral Winston wants us to stay there any longer." Jim nodded. "I'm not surprised. It's pretty dangerous here. I came pretty close to being their prisoner." "I see that you fought hard." "With all my might. I've done nothing much but sleep today. I talked with Chancellor Gorkon a little. They're just going along with business as usual but they have more patrols out. There were some Klingons out in the jungle…" Jim told Spock about his night in the jungle. "I didn't see any wild animals out there, but according to what I've heard, I could have been dinner for some of them." "You were lucky then. We will arrive at Kronos tomorrow morning. Do you believe you will be safe until that time?" "I think so. No guarantee that I won't have to fight again, but hey, do you know that you can take a bath in a hot spring here?" Bones moved into the field of view then. "You mean you're relaxing around there taking hot baths while we sit over here worrying about your safety?" he asked. "Well, if I hadn't taken one, you would have thought I came out of a mud hole." "You actually sat in a hot spring?" "No. The bathroom is hooked up to one. You know they have volcanoes here. And with volcanoes come…" "I know all that. So it's just kinda like a geothermal bath, huh?" "Something like that." Just then, Jim sneezed. "I am allergic to something on this planet," he said. "Well, sometimes with beauty comes a lot of pain," Bones replied. "Every time I smell that fragrance, I sneeze." "Yep, that's a sure sign." "Hey, they even have mineral baths here. I wasn't sure I wanted to try that since I don't know what effect it would have on me." "Wise." Jim sighed. "I'm starting to get the creeps." "Admiral?" Spock said. "I don't know. I just feel like I'm being watched or something." "Do they have surveillance in the Great Hall?" "No. It's not that. Now that I know they're after me, I guess I'm just uneasy." "I would be too," Bones blurted. "But I don't see how you could be safer surrounded by Klingons." "They got in though." Bones and Spock were silent a moment. They could not get to Kronos any sooner. "Just keep a blaster handy," Bones said. "I already do that." "Looks like you've acquired some new clothes." "Mine were kinda dirty and a little torn too. I have to contact Carol. Have you heard from her? You didn't tell her that I was here like this, did you?" "No," Spock answered. "We have not heard from her, nor told her anything." "Good. I think I'll contact her next." Jim paused a moment. "Does Admiral Winston think they've built another of those ships?" "He does not know," Spock replied. "But he sees their destroying the outposts as a sign that there is some sort of plan. It is impossible to know since we have no spies among them." Jim nodded. "Once we get back to Caleb Four, maybe we can try and find out something." "I do not believe we should discuss this further over an open channel." "I agree. See you guys tomorrow. Kirk out." The transmission ended. Jim looked at Korax who was still waiting for him. "I want to contact my wife," Jim said. "Oceanview Apartments in San Francisco." Korax showed Jim how to establish the connection. "Are you my bodyguard?" Jim asked. "Yes," Korax answered. "I was aboard the ship. I will be outside your room tonight. We will not allow them to try and capture you again." "Thanks." Jim thought maybe he would rest easier if Korax was outside that door. Soon, Carol answered the call. "Jim," she said. "I thought you would never call. I tried to reach the Enterprise but I couldn't get an answer." "Well…" "Have you been in a fight?" Jim thought he might as well just tell her the whole story, so he did. "Now, I'm here till morning," he said. "Jim, you're always in danger," Carol said. "Well, you know that we only came over here for peace talks." "Yes, and nothing ever turns out like you planned. Hold on just a moment." Carol left the viewscreen and soon came back with Alex. Jim smiled. "Hey there, young man," he said. "Daddy," Alex replied. "Where are you?" "I'm on Kronos, the Klingon home world." "Wow. Are you friends with the Klingons?" "Yes. I have Klingon friends." Jim motioned for Korax to come over there. "This is my friend Korax." "Are you a real Klingon?" Alex asked. "Don't I look like one?" Korax asked. "He's a real Klingon," Jim said. "Why would you ask him that?" "Daddy, when are you coming home?" Alex asked. "Soon," Jim said. "I'm doing some work right now." "I like it when you're home." "I like it when I'm home too. Don't worry. I'll be back soon." "Where are you going next?" "To Caleb Four." "Can I find that on the star chart?" "Sure you can. It's a space station." "Daddy, are you going to stay on the Enterprise again?" "No, Son. I'm an Admiral now. I'll be back on Earth as soon as I get this business done." "Are we gonna play baseball when you get back?" "Absolutely." "I love you, Daddy." "I love you too." Alex got down then, and Carol moved into the view again. "Jim, are you really safe?" she asked. "I'm as safe as I can be right now," Jim replied. "Hey, I even got to take a bath in a hot spring." "And you didn't invite me?" Jim could not help but smile at that. "Well, I would have." "Don't you think it would have been a lot more fun with me?" Jim started to reply to that but then he looked to see if Korax was listening. Korax looked up toward the ceiling. "Could you give us a little privacy?" Jim asked. "Of course," Korax replied. He moved to the other side of the room. Jim had thought he would go out of the room, but he supposed that was all he was going to get. "Of course it would have been more fun with you," he said to Carol. "That water was pretty hot though." "Hmmm. We might have made it even hotter." "Carol." Carol giggled at that reaction. "You still blush when I tease you." "I'm not exactly alone." Jim smiled. "I just wanted you to know I'm okay in case you heard something." "Jim…" "I'll be back." "You better be." "I love you." "I love you too." "I don't like saying goodbye but…I'll contact you again when I get to Caleb Four." "I'll be waiting." "Don't worry." "I will." Jim leaned on his elbow. "You make it really hard for me to end this transmission," he said. "Why don't you have a communicator in your quarters?" Carol asked. "I'm not on the Enterprise. But I have to go." "Get some rest." "I'll try." Jim pressed the button to end the transmission. He had been anxious to go on this mission…he supposed, but now he wanted nothing more than to be at home. Then again, he had not expected this mission to last this long. He hoped it would be a while before he went to another peace talk conference.
The next morning, Jim felt more rested and he was looking forward to the Enterprise getting there. They had some work to do to find out exactly what was going on there, but he had a feeling it involved more than just capturing him. He sat and thought as he looked out the windows in front of the Great Hall. It was not a typical sunrise there, but somehow it was beautiful anyway with the greenish tint. What could the rogue Klingons be planning with their alliance with the Romulans? War? He thought they surely wanted to declare war on the Federation. He supposed the Federation could be misunderstood by some who wanted to keep things as they were in their own space. However, he could not understand why the Klingons did not think it was better that their planet was being repaired from the methane gas problem. It would not be so difficult to live there anymore. Jim had pondered the same questions in his mind so many times that he thought he could not think of anything else. He supposed they would soon know what their enemies had planned. The Enterprise dropped out of warp and the crew could see Kronos in the distance. "Are you detecting any ships nearby?" Spock asked. "No enemy ships," Lieutenant Jarvis answered. "Yeah, well, we know now that that's not reliable," Bones said. "We're being hailed," Uhura said. "On screen," Spock replied. Grakar appeared on the screen. "Captain Spock, we are waiting for you," he said. "Have you had any other attacks?" "No. But long-range sensors on the planet have detected a ship in the outer regions of Klingon Space." "What sort of ship?" "We do not know yet. It does not appear to be a Romulan ship." "Heading this way?" "Yes. Admiral Kirk is ready to be beamed to the Enterprise, along with Korax who will be joining you with your permission." "He is welcome." Spock pressed the intercom button on his chair. "Mister Scott, Admiral Kirk and one other to beam aboard," he said. "We must hurry." Scotty was silent a moment. "I'm getting them, Sir," he said. Jim and Korax soon appeared on the transporter pad. "Welcome aboard, Admiral," Scotty said as Jim stepped down. "Mister Spock, we should get to warp now," Jim said. "Take us to warp, Lieutenant," Spock ordered. Lieutenant Jarvis turned the Enterprise around and moved away from Kronos. However, as she put the ship into warp, nothing happened. "Captain! I can't go to warp!" she said as she tried twice more. Jim came onto the Bridge then. "Why aren't we at warp?" he asked. "Admiral, something is interfering with the warp drive," Spock informed him. "Like what?" "It's like a dampening field!" John McCoy said. "That means we can't even create a warp field! Move further away from the planet! Full impulse!" The ship began moving but slowly, and the engine sounded like it was whining with strain. Korax was with Jim as well. "Do you detect any ships?" Korax asked. "We are now detecting a ship coming this way at high warp," Spock said and looked at Jim. "What kind of ship is it?" Jim asked. "If these readings are correct…it is similar to the ship we encountered which you called the Monstrosity." Jim's breath quickened. "We should get down to the planet, then," he said. "The Enterprise is no match for that ship." "Should we take the same action as before?" "This is your ship, Spock." "It is yours as well." "You shouldn't have come back for me." They had no time to discuss the matter. "Everyone, abandon ship!" Jim ordered. "Get down to Kronos!" The alarm began sounding. Just then, Solan and Scotty arrived at the Bridge. "Admiral, what are our plans?" Scotty asked. Jim looked out the viewscreen. "I'm tired of playing cat and mouse," he said. "They would expect us to abandon ship, or do the same thing we did last time, but I don't see how they could know what we did." Spock was silent a moment. "What are you suggesting?" he asked. "If they expect us to try and take that ship, the only logical course would be to do the opposite and set the Enterprise to self-destruct." Jim looked at Spock. "Exactly." "But, Admiral, are you really saying we should destroy the Enterprise?" Scotty asked. "This ship has a lot of technology and inventions added to it…a lot of technology that they don't need to get their hands on." "But if we could capture that ship, we could study it and gain technology ourselves," Spock declared. Just then, an alarm began blaring as the second Monstrosity dropped out of warp. "Is everyone gone but us?" Jim asked. Spock looked at the scanners. "Yes," he replied. "So it's us again," Bones said. "You know what happened last time." "Yeah, and we're better prepared. Let's get the electro-suits." They all hurried into the turbo lift and were on their way down the corridor that led to the lockers when the Enterprise shuddered. They were all knocked off their feet but were back up in a second. They arrived at the lockers and got into electro-suits. "I'm glad we packed these," Jim remarked. They grabbed weapons which the Enterprise had collected plenty on its trek across the galaxy. They had Klingon weapons as well as Nausicaan weapons. Korax collected some weapons, but he did not have an electro-suit. "I will be a distraction," he said. "We have to hurry," Jim said. "Maybe they'll think only one stayed behind, and maybe they'll think it's me." He gave Korax the device that the black hole technology was created from. "This will keep them from being able to find you." "What is your plan?" Spock asked. The team was Jim, Spock, Bones, Uhura, John McCoy, Solan, and Korax. "I wish Artie was here," Jim said. "Hey, if you need a saboteur, that's me," Scotty declared. Just then, the ship shuddered again. "That means we're inside that ship," Jim said and activated his suit. The others activated theirs as well. They moved into the cargo bay where they could get out of the Enterprise. Jim looked at the monitors of the outside of the ship. "Spock, you better activate that Captain's plan now," he said. "Korax, be careful." "I will, Admiral," Korax replied. "They will be confused." "Good." Korax left the cargo bay, and Spock went to a computer terminal and locked up the ship. Then…they were waiting. "I hate waiting," Bones whispered. "We probably won't wait long," Jim replied. "This ship may not be structured the same as the other," Scotty said. "What then?" "I don't know of anything more advanced than the isolinear optical chips." "Oh, all I have to do is pull them out," Scotty said with enthusiasm. "I'm ready to get me hands on those again." "Try to contain your excitement," Bones said. He was not looking forward to this at all. Although this time, they were expecting it. "Are we separating into twos again?" "I think that's the best thing," Jim said. "Admiral, it is logical to believe that they may expect us to do the same as last time," Spock pointed out. "Then we won't do exactly the same thing. Instead of crawling around in the ship, Bones and John will get down to that computer core and keep it functional. You and Scotty will get to engineering, Solan, Uhura, and I will get to the Bridge. Since we know our way around better, it should be quicker. But they could have more onboard." "It is certain that we will meet opposition." "That's why we have weapons. We need to try to take this ship this time so the Federation can study it and know what these guys have obtained." "I see your point, Jim. However, we do not know what to expect once we leave this ship." "We never do. Look, we have to try. There was nothing we could do to stop them from capturing the Enterprise, so we might as well take advantage of it." They felt another jolt, but did not see anyone outside the Enterprise. "We must be at warp," Solan said. "You think they're heading for Romulan space?" "Wherever they're heading, we're running out of time…but we at least have to try." "Perhaps we should set a timer for the self-destruct, and if we are unable to take this ship…" Spock did not finish the sentence as Jim looked at him. "It is logical." "How long will it take to get to Romulan Space?" Jim asked. "Calculate that, and…" He did not want to order the destruction of the Enterprise. "Have the Enterprise self-destruct two hours after we reach Romulan Space. I'm pretty sure that's where we're going. If things turn in our favor, maybe we'll have time to shut it off." "Yes, Admiral." Spock went back to the computer terminal and ordered the self-destruct, and then returned to the others. "It is set." Jim finally spotted three Klingons coming toward the ship. Accompanying them were three Romulans and three Nausicaans. "It's Duras," Jim said. "This is getting worse all the time," Bones said. "We'll make it out of this, Bones." "Forgive me if I don't have that confidence." They felt and heard the sound of the boarding ramp opening. "Well, they're coming aboard," Jim said. Korax waited for Duras and his band of outlaws. They soon came up the ramp. Korax stepped out in the middle of the cargo bay. "You will not win, Duras!" he said and fired a shot at the intruders. They scattered, and Korax ran down the next corridor. He had spent enough time on the Enterprise to know where he was going. He activated the device that Jim had given him… Duras went after Korax, along with a Nausicaan and a Romulan, but the others stayed in the main cargo bay. Jim and his group were in a separate area of the cargo bay where there was an escape hatch. Jim was still looking outside the ship. "I still don't see anyone out there," he whispered. "Well, there's about to be someone in here," Bones replied as he was looking out the door. "Let's go." Jim climbed out first and dropped to the deck of the hangar bay. As he waited for the others to climb out, he noticed that the Enterprise was not the only ship there on the deck. When the others were out, they all ran over to some large metal crates. "I wonder what's in these," Bones said. "We're sure not the only ship here," Solan pointed out. "That means prisoners," Jim said. "Let's get moving. You all know what to do." He paused a moment. "Good luck." They all separated into their groups and spread out into the ship. Jim thought this ship was basically the same design as the other one. "Admiral, how many do you think will be on the Bridge?" Uhura asked when they stopped at a corridor. "Could be as many as ten," Jim answered. "Hopefully no more than five." They got down the next corridor, and in the next one, there were Romulans, Klingons, and Nausicaans guarding the way to the Bridge. Jim, Uhura, and Solan fired before the others could say anything. However, they avoided the laser blasts and some of them went onto the Bridge, while the others moved into the next corridor. "We're cut off!" Solan said. "If we go down there now, they'll make short work of us." "Relax," Jim replied as he was digging through his pack. "Flash grenades will blind them." He pulled out a flash grenade, armed it and threw it right in front of the doors to the Bridge. The grenade exploded in a blinding light. "Move!" Jim said. They ran toward the Bridge entrance just as one of the Klingons stumbled out of the next corridor. Jim fired and hit him. He got to the Bridge entrance which had been locked now. He attached an explosive to the door and they moved away until it made metal shards of the door. In his haste and determination to take the Bridge, Jim failed to see a security trap wired to the door. Solan saw the red light at the last second. "Jim!" he yelled and shoved Jim through the doors of the Bridge. Solan was caught in the full impact of the stun wave, and he was completely knocked back out into the corridor. Uhura was able to avoid it but she was facing two Romulans as they came from the other corridor. Jim had gotten a glancing blow from the stun wave and could do nothing as he was surrounded. "We've been expecting you, Admiral Kirk," one of the Klingons said. As Jim looked up at them, he knew he had made a grave mistake, and now his friends were prisoners too. Just then, Duras arrived. "Well, you were not as clever as you thought, were you, Admiral Kirk?" Duras asked. "Korax is a good diversion, but he is not significant." "You don't have any reason to hold the others," Jim said. "I beg to differ. You will tell us anything we want to know." "You won't get away with this," Uhura declared. "Where you're going, the Federation has no power." Jim hoped they would not capture the others, but Duras squashed that hope. "We know your other friends are aboard, and we'll find them soon." Duras stepped closer to Jim who was still lying on the floor because of the weapons pointed at him. "We will also benefit from the technology in your suits." They were forced to remove their electro-suits and fitted with stun cuffs. They were taken to the Brig which was a lot like the Brig on the other ship they had encountered. Solan was still unconscious, and they dropped him on the floor. Jim sat there feeling halfway stunned because of the stun cuffs. "Admiral, perhaps they won't catch Spock and the others," Uhura said. "I messed up," Jim replied. "They were waiting for us. How could they know what we would do?" "It's logical that we would try to take over the Bridge to control the ship." "You may be right. You know where we're going." "I would guess Romulan Space." "And now they have the Enterprise." "But that wasn't your fault. We tried to escape. Besides, they won't have it for long." "I should have just stayed on Kronos until we figured out what they had." Jim moved wrong and the cuffs stunned him enough that he felt dizzy and like he was dozing. Leonard and John McCoy were making their way to the main computer. Jim wanted them to make sure no one set explosives again to destroy the ship. They stood in the dark corridor which surrounded the computer core. Bones looked at the glowing computer core which would be housed in a special chamber on a Federation ship. "This is incredible," Bones said. "I'll say," John replied. "What makes it different?" He moved over to the computer terminal just to look at it. It had a layout of the whole ship displayed. "I see where we are," he said as he pointed. "The Bridge. Shouldn't the Admiral be there by now?" "I don't know. I'm sure they ran into some trouble." "I hope he gets there soon." They moved back out into the corridor trying to stay in the dark. "You think we should contact him?" John asked. "He may not need any distractions or noise right now," Bones replied. "This is crazy. It's too quiet." "Why do you say that?" "It just doesn't feel right." "Perhaps it's me!" someone said. Bones and John whirled around and there were two Nausicaans there. John fired at them, and he and Bones hurried around to the other side of the computer core before the Nausicaan could activate his lance. "Run!" Bones said quietly. "But…" "No buts! Run!" Bones shoved John, and he ran down the next corridor. Bones followed him after he fired two more shots toward the Nausicaans. "Something's wrong!" Bones said. "Get into an access tunnel!" They began looking for one as they were trying to stay far enough ahead of the Nausicaans that they could not see what they were doing. They soon came to an access hatch. Bones pressed the button to get it open and waited while John crawled into it. He got in as quickly as he could and then locked the hatch. They sat there a moment. "What do we do?" John asked. "We find our way through this ship and find the others. I don't think Jim made it to that Bridge. Otherwise we would have changed course by now." They started crawling through the tunnel as Bones grabbed his tricorder. "We're not even sure this ship is made the same," he said. "Well, at least we're not in the dark," John replied. "It has to be similar." Spock and Scotty were outside Engineering which was close to the center of the ship where the "sphere" was that gave the ship its power. "Do you think the Admiral has made it to the Bridge yet?" Scotty asked. "I do not know," Spock replied. "However, it seems that he would contact us if he had made it." "What do you think, Sir?" Spock had learned over the years that one could not go against their instincts all the time when something just did not look right. "I believe we should wait," he finally decided. They got into one of the access tunnels. "Should we try to contact him?" Scotty asked. "I am not certain," Spock replied. "However, I will try." Spock opened the communicator and sent a signal to Jim's communicator… Of course, Duras had the communicators that he took from Jim and the others with him. He picked up the communicator. "They are trying to contact him," he said. "There are others on the ship and they wear the suits." "So, how do we find them without the scanners?" one of the other Klingons, Rartall, asked. "We will not find them…they will come to us." They went to the Brig where Jim was sitting against the wall beside Uhura, and Solan was still lying in the floor. "Admiral, we need your help," Duras said. Jim just glared at him. "I'm not helping you do anything." "I think you will." Rartall jerked Jim up from the floor and they pushed him to the other side of the large room so that he was up against the wall. Jim still felt stunned. Duras held his communicator in front of him. "You will tell your other crew members to surrender," he said. Jim wondered if Duras had lost his mind. "Having some trouble?" he asked. "Tell them, or I will order my comrades to shoot to kill." "My people are already going to shoot to kill." Duras grabbed Jim by the throat. "If you do not cooperate, I will turn you over to my Nausicaan friend," he said. Jim glanced at the Nausicaan who simply stood there saying nothing. "You're going to anyway, aren't you?" he asked trying to keep the fear out of his voice. "You do not care what we do to you…but do you care what we do to your female comrade?" One of the other Klingons got Uhura up and brought her closer to where Jim was. "I'm sure he would have a lot more fun with her," Duras said. Jim felt angrier now. "You would stoop to that level?" he asked. "I do not control what my associates do. He may torture you…or her, anyway he wishes." Jim looked at Uhura. He had always felt protective of her after he became captain of the Enterprise. Perhaps he had been trying to make up for being such a jerk and win her respect. "Don't do it, Admiral," Uhura said. "You can't!" Jim thought Spock would never forgive him if he let anything happen to Uhura. Duras held the communicator up to him. "He has tried to contact you," Duras said. "Tell him you have taken the Bridge and you want them to continue." "I won't lie to him!" Jim declared. "Forget it!" "You will!" Jim tried to pull at the stun cuffs, forgetting just a moment that they were actually stun cuffs, and he got a big jolt that was enough to knock him out. Duras was angry. He kicked Jim's unconscious body. Uhura was horrified. "You're nothing but a coward!" she yelled. Duras turned to her and grabbed her by the jaw. "She wears a wedding symbol," Rartall pointed out. Duras glared at her. "Then you are deeply involved with someone on this team of invaders." "We're not invaders!" Uhura declared. "You stole our ship!" Solan was beginning to wake up and he saw what was happening. He could see Jim lying in the floor beside the far wall, and he could also see that they were not the only prisoners in this ship. His hands and feet still felt numb from that powerful stun…and then he realized he was wearing stun cuffs. "Oh, why does it have to be stun cuffs?" he said quietly. Duras activated the communicator. "I have your admiral," he said. "And I also have a beautiful woman. She will make a fun subject for my Nausicaan friend. You will surrender or she will suffer greatly. You have ten minutes." Bones heard that message. "What should we do?" John asked. "They know we're here." Bones leaned back against the wall of the tunnel. "I don't think Jim or Uhura would want us to surrender." "But we can't just let them…" Bones looked at John. "If they capture us all, they're gonna use us to make Jim give them what they want. He would expect us not to give up." "Leo, we can't just sit here." Bones was not sure what to do. "I wish I knew where Spock is," he said. Spock had heard that message. Scotty waited for him to say something, but he finally could wait no longer. "What should we do, Sir?" he asked. "I will surrender," Spock said. "They cannot be sure how many of us are on the ship." "What about Doctor McCoy and John?" "I do not know. However, I must surrender. Perhaps they will no longer search if they have me." "What do you want me to do?" "If you get the chance, do what you can." Scotty watched Spock crawl out of the tunnel. He just sat there hoping he could find a way to help. "You stay here," Bones said to John. "I'll surrender. They don't know how many of us are here. You find a way to do something." "But Leo…" "No buts!" Bones shook John's shoulders. "You do what I say! If I don't make it…" Bones did not finish that sentence but just turned and crawled out of the tunnel. Bones headed down the corridor towards the Brig, and he met up with Spock. Neither of them said anything because they knew Scotty and John were left. They made their way to the Brig and surrendered to the Klingon and the Romulan who were outside the doors. They were roughly shoved into the Brig where Duras waited. Uhura had hoped that they would not surrender, but she also noticed that it was only Doctor McCoy and Spock who came in. Duras walked over to them. "You are the only two?" he asked. "Yeah!" Bones answered, knowing that it was hard for Spock to lie. Duras glared at Bones. "This one will be the Admiral's undoing. Take their suits and cuff them." Spock and Bones were soon sitting in the Brig with the others. Solan was sitting up now. "I hate stun cuffs," he said. "Oh how I hate them." "I can't say I love them," Bones replied. "How did they catch you guys?" "They were waiting for us." "Us too." "You shouldn't have surrendered," Uhura said to Spock. "I had to," Spock replied. "They will no longer search for others…and I could not simply do nothing while he threatened you." "They're going to use us against the Admiral. Do you think he'll give in?" "I do not know. There is also Korax whom they have not captured. We can only hope that they will figure out a way." Jim woke up feeling the pain in his abdomen and side where Duras had kicked him while he was unconscious. He started to lift his hand to his face, but the stun cuffs reminded him that they were there. He realized he was sitting up against someone leaning on their shoulder. "It's about time you woke up," Bones said. "We're in real trouble, Jim." "Bones," Jim said without opening his eyes. "Where are we?" "We're in the Brig." Jim opened his eyes then. "How did you get here?" he asked. "Duras threatened Uhura, and Spock and I…surrendered." "That means…" "Shhhh." Jim looked around them and could see that there were guards in there, and that there were other prisoners. "I hate stun cuffs," he said. "Well, none of us are fond of them." "We're still at warp?" "Yeah. I'm pretty sure we're on our way to Romulan Space. What are we gonna do, Jim?" "How long have we been traveling?" "I'm not sure. I was out for a while." Jim sat up against the wall with a grimace. "My side hurts." "He kicked you while you were unconscious," Uhura said. "Where?" Bones asked. "Oh, it's right there at the ribs," Jim said. "We just have to hope we can find a way."
Korax had evaded Duras and the others who were attempting to track him through the Enterprise. He knew of all the places to hide where they could not find him easily, although he did not see it as hiding. He intended to move once the time was right. While he crouched in the area behind the probe and torpedo storage area, suddenly, the hatch to the access tube opened. Korax aimed his blaster, but he stopped himself from shooting in time because Ajah crawled out, and then Helek. "What are you doing here?" Korax asked. "I could have killed you." "I'm glad you didn't," Helek replied. "So, what's going on?" "You most likely know what is going on. We have been captured on another ship. The admiral and the others have left the Enterprise and I have not heard from them." Korax paused a moment. "I have the black hole device. How can they not detect you?" Helek let his eyes glow. "It's just our electrifying personalities." "I should have known." "How can we help the others?" "I do not know what has become of them. Therefore I do not know how to help them." "I guess we need to find out where they are then." "I think only one of us should go," Ajah said. "I'll go," Helek volunteered. "You stay with Korax, and you guys can try to keep control of the Enterprise." "I intend to turn off even the emergency lights," Korax said. "Then it will be completely dark within the ship." "I can do that in a second." "I do not think Captain Spock would want them damaged." "So I'll fix them again." "You always want to do things the hard way, don't you?" Ajah asked. "You know me," Helek replied. "Just wish me luck." "Good luck." Helek moved back into the access tube and headed toward the cargo bay. Korax and Ajah stayed where they were. "I do not like staying here and hiding like this," Korax said. "Sometimes it is necessary until the time comes when one can help," Ajah replied. "I assume that is what you are doing." "Yes, but I still do not like it." Ajah took his journal out and began writing something. "You write at a time like this?" Korax asked. "I have nothing else to do," Ajah replied. "I make notes." "I have seen one of your novels. Quite interesting." "Thank you." "How do you know what to write?" "I don't know. It just comes to me." Just then, they heard a sound. Ajah put his journal away and they listened. It sounded like there was someone in the storage area… "They have many weapons." "Certainly. They can restock whenever they run out." "Do you believe there are others on this ship?" "I saw no one else besides Korax." "That Admiral Kirk is very devious. He would never tell us if there were others." "Duras intends to make him tell him whatever he asks." Korax and Ajah looked at each other. Now, they knew that Admiral Kirk had been captured. They stayed quiet and listened to the conversation of the others… "Once he has extracted the information we need from the Admiral, we will be unstoppable." "I do not think the Federation would have so much power against us anyway with this ship." "Duras believes they have a way to defeat us because of the other ship. He wants to be certain that their defenses are relinquished or they will have a chance." "What could they have learned from the other ship? They did not have time to learn anything." "They escaped from it. This time we have them and their ship. The Enterprise is more advanced than the other ships we have encountered." "But it does not even have some of the technology that we possess." "However, it is a formidable foe because of the ones who command it." "Duras is afraid of one ship?" "You have seen what Admiral Kirk has done. Once he is out of the picture, their hope for peace will be gone. He will be a prisoner in Romulan space just like the other admiral. No one will know where he is, and the Federation will fear to come into Romulan space." "It would not be only the Federation." "Are you afraid?" "No, but if this one man can cause all this concern, it is certain that there will be those who will not rest until they find him." "If they do, he will be worthless by that time." Ajah frowned as the two left the storage compartment. He looked at Korax who looked rather troubled himself. "What will they do to him?" Ajah asked. "You do not want to know," Korax replied. "We must rescue him and the others." "They only talk of having the Admiral." "The others will be used to make him talk." "How can we hope to rescue them? There are too many of them." "There is always a way. We must collect weapons. I already have some, but we must have more. Once we have arrived wherever we are going, we can leave the Enterprise." "Do you believe they will take them down to a planet?" "It is likely. Duras always has a colony…a place he stays while he creates his plans." "You have seen it?" "He has more than one. He was not present on the one we disrupted before. He has been behind most of it all the time even when Totrak was causing so much trouble." "I do not know all of the conflicts this crew has been through, but I am learning more all the time." "There is no time to reminisce now." "There never is." Scotty made his way down the access tunnel, and as he rounded another corner, he came upon John. "Laddy, where did you come from?" Scotty asked. "Leo left me in the tunnels. He surrendered." Scotty frowned. "So did Mister Spock." "What can we do?" "I don't know yet, but I'm trying to figure that out. If I could get into that Engineering room, I could stop this behemoth." "But how can we get in there?" "I don't know if they're looking for anyone else. Maybe they believe they have everyone now." "I admit I'm…scared." "We're all scared, Laddy, but we have to keep going. No one ever went through anything like this without being scared." "The Admiral doesn't seem to ever be scared." "He's terrified. That's why he just jumps into situations. If you sit and think about it too long, you'll be so nervous you can't do anything." "So what should we do now?" "Well, in this case, we have to sit and wait. If we get caught, there won't be much hope for Jim." "They have Leo too." "Do not worry. He did what he had to." Scotty looked at John. "And we're going to do what we have to do. You got that?" "Yes sir." "I don't want any pouting. We're Starfleet officers, and we're gonna act like it." "I wouldn't dream of pouting…but I am worried about my brother, and the Admiral." Scotty was worried too but he did not want to talk about it. "Let's find another way into Engineering…if that's what you call it." Helek had also found the access tunnels, and he did not know that Scotty and John were there, nor did he know that Ajah and Korax had managed to get off the Enterprise because they now knew that Jim had been captured. Helek and Ajah could not be detected on sensors because they could scramble them. Helek had seen a layout of the ship they were now on, although he had not been with the crew the last time they were aboard a ship like this. He did remember that Engineering was in the middle of the ship, and he knew if anyone from the Enterprise was still there, they would be heading for Engineering to try and stop the ship before they arrived in Romulan Space. As Helek came to the area where Engineering was, he saw Scotty and John, but they had not seen him yet. He crawled slowly that way so he would not get shot before they realized who he was. Just as he was getting close to them, John saw him and was startled, but he realized it was Helek. "That's a good way to get shot!" John whispered. "I was trying to avoid that," Helek replied. "How did you get here?" Scotty asked. "I stowed away in the access tubes in the Enterprise. Ajah did too." "The Captain has no idea you're here? Nor the Admiral?" "No. I didn't exactly have time to tell them." "You should know that the Enterprise is set for self-destruct not long from now. If we don't find a way to stop this ship, we're all gonna go kablooey!" "Well, I guess that means we need to move fast. What's your plan?" "Plan? There is no plan! We're just having to play it by ear like always!" "Right." "I wouldn't mind hearing some suggestions if you have any." Helek was silent a moment. "I usually just show up unexpected like, and then they don't quite know what to do with me," he said. "I can walk in there with my electrifying personality showing." "You're…" "A showoff," Ajah finished as he and Korax had now arrived. "What is this? A party?" Scotty asked. "How many more stowed away?" "We are the only ones," Ajah replied. "Good. At least we won't have to rescue anyone else." "So what's the plan. We know they've captured Admiral Kirk." "Yes," Scotty said. "And the captain, Uhura, the doctor, and Solan." Ajah sighed. "It's worse than we thought," he said. "I am not certain what our course of action should be," Korax said. "We cannot simply barge in." "That's very logical coming from a Klingon," Scotty remarked. "At least we have more to work with. We should find the right tunnel that comes out to Engineering. We need to stop this ship." "What good will that do?" Ajah asked. "If we can stop it in time, we won't be in Romulan space." "Well, any ideas?" "Let's just get to Engineering first." They started crawling through the tunnel. "There's one thing in this bucket that's not advanced," Scotty said. "They still think you ought to crawl through the innards of a ship!" "Don't start on that," Helek said. "You complain about that nearly every time you have to work on the Enterprise." "People stop crawling when they're about a year old. There's a reason for that, Laddy!" "Complaining about it doesn't make it any different." "Ha! Complaining is what gets things changed." "Well, complain to someone else." Scotty mumbled to himself as they went on a little further. He stopped as he looked around a corner in the tunnels. He could see out at a grate at the end of the air vent. He crawled slowly toward it making sure those outside the grate could not see him. He peered out and could see that they were in Engineering. As a matter of fact, he thought this grate was behind the control board with the control chips. "Oh, I think we're in the right place," he said. "Now, the trouble is getting out there to it." "That shouldn't be a problem if I can get charged up some more," Helek said as he made his eyes glow. "Ajah here can help." "You probably won't need my help, showoff," Ajah replied. "Hey, two are better than one." Helek crawled past the grate to the other tunnel. He looked at the conduits that ran along the walls. "There must be some power in here somewhere," he said. "Hold on there, Laddy," Scotty interrupted. "You might tip them off as to where we are." Helek frowned. "You're right." He crawled back over to the grate. "So, I'll just use what I've got." "That's probably enough," Ajah remarked. Scotty had some tools with him, so he removed the screws that were holding the grate in place. "Good thing I work in engineering," he said. "Who would have thought a screwdriver ever came in handy?" John asked. "Hey, sometimes the simplest things are all you need." "Can we have this discussion later?" Korax asked. "Perhaps Helek, Ajah, and I should go first and create a distraction." Scotty moved back. "Go right ahead. You won't get any arguments from me." Korax moved up to the grate but he did not see anyone at the control board. "Very suspicious," he said. "I don't think they know anyone else is in the ship," John reminded him. "Let's hope." Korax pushed the grate open and got out. Next, Helek came out, followed by Ajah. They looked at the control board, and Helek saw an open conduit so he stuck his hand in. He looked at Ajah as he drew power from it. "Just the charge I needed," he said as his hair was starting to look like a fiber optics display. Ajah also drew some power from the conduit, but he did not care to display so much. However, his eyes glowed. "Refreshing," he said. "Hey, you're learning some clever lines." "I would have to if I stay around you much." Helek had his display ready only for intimidation. "I'm ready," he said. They moved over to the passage that led from behind the control board. "I'll go first," Helek volunteered. He moved out from behind the control board and stepped into the open area of Engineering. "Excuse me!" There were Klingons, Romulans, and Nausicaans in the room, and they were all startled when Helek spoke. They had never seen anything like this being. His hair was glowing with electricity flowing through it, and his eyes as well. He did not give them time to react as he let go of some of the electricity he had absorbed out the ends of his fingers. Some of them got out of the way, but some did not move fast enough. One of the Nausicaans used his lance to send an electrical surge towards Helek. Helek's eyes glowed even more. "Thanks for the charge!" he said and sent the current right back at the Nausicaan. Ajah shook his head. "Showoff," he said, but he fired a charge at one of the Klingons who was trying to aim his blaster at Helek. Korax moved into the open and fired his blaster at one of the Klingons as well. However, the others were starting to get over their surprise and were starting to fire back. In the meantime, Scotty and John had come out behind the control board. "Oh, let's see," Scotty said as he removed the covering. "I believe it was this one. Brace yourselves!" Helek and the others heard that and grabbed something as they knew what was about to happen. There was a loud groan just like before and the ship came to a jolting halt. Everyone who had not braced for it were thrown off their feet and almost across the room. Jim and the others did not fare much better. He lay on his back a moment. "What just happened?" he asked. "Mister Scott has obviously found Engineering again," Spock replied. "That should keep them occupied for a while," Solan said as he got over to one of the Klingon guards who had been slammed against the wall because he was standing up. Solan stopped a moment as he felt stunned again. "You have the right idea," Jim said as he was making his way over there. "He must have a key." "Admiral, I fear we have already crossed into Romulan space," Spock said. "If we are to escape, we must hurry." Jim had to lie still a moment. "I hate stun cuffs," he said. He pushed himself to find the device or key that would deactivate and unlock those stun cuffs. He was lying on his side but had to turn onto his stomach to use his hands to get the device. He grunted as the cuffs stunned him again, and it was stronger than the one before. He thought the cuffs had three levels. If he got another zap, he would probably pass out. "Spock!" "I am almost there, Jim," Spock said. "I can't feel my hands." Just then, the power went out. "Oh great!" Solan said. "Now we have to do this in the dark!" "It's impossible," Uhura said. Jim was lying on his stomach wishing he could think. He thought it was no wonder these outlaws used stun cuffs. They kept one from being able to think. "We can't give up." "I believe I have found the device, Admiral," Spock said. "I have also found a light." He turned on the light that he had found on the Klingon's side. He deactivated the stun cuffs on Jim's wrists just in time because Duras came into the Brig. "Admiral!" Solan yelled. Jim struggled to his feet, but he stumbled because he still felt stunned. He grabbed the weapon from the Klingon on the floor and fired at Duras from a sitting position. Duras avoided the fire and tried to dart around the fallen Klingon to get to Jim, but Bones tripped him. Duras fell sprawling and kicked Bones in the face for his interference. However, his hesitation gave Jim time to get good aim and he fired a stun bolt at Duras. "Get those stun cuffs on him!" he said. Spock had just managed to get the cuffs off Solan. "Gladly," Solan replied. He could not stand up yet either, but he got over to Duras and put the cuffs on him, and then activated them. Next, Solan got the cuffs off Spock, Uhura, and Bones. Bones was addled from that kick to the face but he might as well have been unconscious because that combined with the effects of the stun cuffs rendered him helpless. "We will have to carry him," Spock said and picked Bones up without hesitation. Jim, Solan, and Uhura got the other weapons from the guards and then they had the task of getting out of the Brig. However, there were several more prisoners who were also wearing stun cuffs and had said nothing much since they had been in there. They also found that Duras had left the door open. Jim stopped beside the door. "I think my brain is starting to clear now," he said. "I could go the rest of my life without stun cuffs," Solan replied. "What do we do now?" "We're gonna take this ship like we started out to do." "I'm sure they know something has happened." "Admiral, if I may make a suggestion," Spock said. "I believe we should get to the Enterprise before it self-destructs." Jim's mouth dropped open. He had forgotten about that, he supposed, because of those stun cuffs. He remembered now. "How much time do we have?" "I am not certain as I do not know how much time has passed since we set the timer." "Let's get moving. We'll have to release these prisoners later." They hurried out of the Brig and headed for the hangar bay, glad that Spock had a light now since it was totally dark in the ship. Alarms were now blaring as well. "You could turn the lights back on," John said to Scotty as they were still in the Engineering department. "What if the Admiral needs them?" "He's probably in the Brig, Laddy!" Scotty replied. Helek was still displaying his "electric personality". "Maybe I should go down there and see if he needs help," he said. "I'll go with you," Ajah volunteered. "Korax can stay here and help Scotty if anyone else comes along." "Right." "Wait a minute! I'm in charge here!" Scotty interrupted. He paused a moment. "Okay, go ahead!" "Thanks, Scotty," Helek said. Helek and Ajah ran out the door of Engineering, and they met up with a group of Klingons who were coming to take back control of the ship. Helek and Ajah did not give them time to react to seeing them, but gave them a shock. "They're gonna wake up," Ajah said. "We don't have time for that right now," Helek replied. They were running as Helek took out his communicator. "Mister Scott." "Yeah," Scotty answered. "There are four Klingons outside Engineering. They're out, but they won't be for long." "Thanks for the warning." Jim and his group were still trying to find their way to the hangar bay without the tricorder. The Brig was in the bottom of the ship and there was no turbo lift in that area, but simply a winding way that went up out of the lower deck into the main part of the ship. "Boy, I think they want their prisoners to feel like they've moved down in the world!" Solan remarked. "They have!" Jim replied. "I wish Scotty would get the lights back on." "Too bad we can't tell him." They came to another corner and stopped because they saw lights which could only be held by someone in the ship. Jim peeped around the corner and could see several in the next corridor. "I don't know how many there are," he whispered. Spock set Doctor McCoy down. "Doctor, you must wake up," he said. Bones was just about to wake up but he was still addled. Uhura squatted down. "Doctor McCoy," she whispered as she patted his face. "Wake up." Bones finally opened his eyes. "Where are we?" he asked, sounding very drowsy. "In trouble." "Oh, like usual?" "Yes. You have to wake up." Bones rubbed his face and grimaced. "I think he broke my nose," he said. "He could have broken more than that." "They're coming!" Jim whispered. "Get ready." Spock and Uhura stood back up with Jim and Solan as they waited. Suddenly, one of the Nausicaans in the group stopped and sniffed the air. "They are close by!" he declared. "Blood hound!" Solan mumbled. "Now!" Jim yelled which startled the others in the corridor. They fired at the Romulans and Nausicaans, and took out three of them since there was not much room to maneuver in the corridor. However, the other three dived for them. The Nausicaan tackled Jim grabbing him around the waist. Jim hit the floor hard, but managed to avoid hitting his head. He struggled with the Nausicaan who drew a knife. Jim grabbed the Nausicaan's wrist to keep him from stabbing him. He managed to get his leg up and kicked him off. Jim got to his feet. The Nausicaan was fast, and Jim barely avoided the knife as he came at him again. He managed to elbow the Nausicaan in the face and then knocked the knife from his hand. The Nausicaan grabbed Jim and shoved him against the wall. "This ship is going to explode!" Jim yelled. "Your attempts at causing fear are futile!" the Nausicaan replied. Jim managed to get out of his grip but they still struggled. Bones was seeing the fight, and he was no longer in a stupor. He saw the knife and he crawled for it. He made his way over to the Nausicaan and stuck the knife right into the back of his knee. The Nausicaan yelled loud enough that Jim's ears rang but he shoved him backward. "Glad to see me?" Bones asked. "Always," Jim replied and helped him up. Bones swayed a little. They looked to see how the others were doing, and they had beaten their opponents as well. Spock turned and they all ran for the hangar bay. They made it to the hangar bay this time. Spock stood at the door to the hangar bay. He could see the Enterprise only because it had a few lights on the outside of it. Everything else was dark. However, he saw a soft, glowing light coming from behind them. Jim and the others turned their weapons on this apparent new threat, but they realized it was Helek and Ajah. "What are you guys doing here?" Jim asked as the hair on his arm started to stand on end from the electrical display coming from Helek. "You stowed away in the ship?" "Yes sir we did," Helek answered. "I thought you could use a secret weapon. Scotty, Korax, and John are still in Engineering." "We thought they were." Jim paused a moment. "Spock, you take Uhura and Bones, and get to the Enterprise. We'll try to get to that Bridge again." "Admiral, we must be cautious. Duras may be free by now," Spock reminded him. "I know, but I have Helek and Ajah with me now. They can do more than a flash grenade. Let's move!" Jim, Solan, Helek, and Ajah ran down the corridor that would lead to the Bridge. "Turn off that light show," Jim said to Helek. "We don't want them to see us coming. We have to take this ship. You can light up again when we sneak up on them." "See?" Ajah remarked. They soon arrived at the corridor that led down to the opening of the Bridge. Jim looked and did not see anyone in the corridor this time. "You think they got that booby trap set up again?" Solan asked. "I sure don't want to run into that again." "Neither do I," Jim replied. "Maybe that's why there's no one in the corridor guarding." "Can you see onto the Bridge?" "No. Without the door, they may see us before we see them." "They could be tracking us for all we know." "And they could be over there in that other corridor." Jim was silent a moment. "Helek, it's time for your light show again," he said. "Do you think you can get down there without getting shot?" "When I'm performing my light show, I can absorb some shots," Helek replied. "But it weakens me." "Do what you can." "I will go with him," Ajah said. "Then there will be a better chance. I can…create a light show as well." "Now who's showing off?" Helek asked as he began channeling his electricity. "I guess there are times when one has to show off." "Guys, can we joke around later?" Jim asked. "And watch out for that stun wave set up inside the door." Helek and Ajah both looked quite intimidating as they moved around the corner. "So are we following them or letting them have all the fun?" Solan asked. "Fun?" Jim asked. "Yeah." Helek and Ajah got to the door of the Bridge and they were immediately aware that there were others in the adjacent corridor. Helek fired a powerful blast of electricity at them, taking them all out at once. Then he and Ajah turned to the Bridge. Shots were fired at them, but they absorbed the first ones as they jumped through the door and rolled up to their feet. Helek rolled to his left and fired a blast at the Romulans on that side, but they were able to avoid it. Ajah thought it was too easy for their enemies to see them in the darkness since they were glowing. He dodged another shot and fired a bolt of electricity at the space where the shot came from. He heard a grunt and assumed he hit his target. He continued to the right and came to a control panel. He grabbed one of the power conduits and drew power from it. Jim and Solan came through the door the same way that the other two did and darted to the right and left. Jim saw what Ajah was doing as he fired the electricity he was absorbing at a Klingon who was heading toward him. Jim was surprised at the force of it and he felt the electricity in the air. However, there was a Romulan coming at him with a sword. Jim had gotten a sword off one of the Romulans that they had incapacitated. He drew it off his back and got it up in time to block the Romulan's charge, but he pushed him backward with the force of it. Jim strained to stop his backward movement and then pushed the Romulan back two steps. Solan was tangling with a Romulan as well, and they were also fighting with swords. He just hoped no more would show up. Helek came up behind the Romulan who was fighting with Solan and grabbed his shoulder, giving him a powerful jolt. The Romulan fell to the floor. "Thanks," Solan said. "Don't mention it," Helek replied. He looked toward the battle that Jim was in. "Can you get control of this ship now, Solan?" "I'm gonna try." Solan ran over to the helm and looked at the controls. They looked familiar but unfamiliar at the same time. However, he knew Klingon, and he could see by the chart that they were already in Romulan space. He looked toward Jim who was coming that way now. "Admiral, we're in Romulan Space!" Solan said. "Can you get us out of here?" "The impulse engines seem to be working but the warp drive isn't, and we're close to Constanthus. It's in the outer regions of Romulan Space." "I guess they didn't want to be too close to Romulus. I have to get back there and talk to Scotty, and we have to make sure there are no others on this ship." "How?" "Scanners. Aren't there any scanners on this thing?" "Right." Solan looked at all the scanners. "I see it now," he said. "There are some left." "How many?" "Well, it looks like there are at least twenty more…and it also looks like some of them are coming this way." "We're ready for them," Helek said. Jim looked for the communication system. "How do we talk to Engineering?" he asked. Solan looked at the communication controls. "Right here," he said and pressed a button. "Scotty," Jim said. Scotty was surprised to hear Jim, and he pressed the flashing red button. "Admiral?" "Yeah. How long till we can get going?" "Oh, at least another hour." "There may be more of them coming that way. According to these scanners, there are twenty more on this ship." "Yes sir." "We're in Romulan Space, Scotty. We need to get going as soon as possible." "I'm working on it, Sir." "Great. Kirk out." Jim took a bat'leth from one of the Klingons they had fought there on the Bridge. "I guess we need to get ready," he said. "We won't let them take this Bridge back, and we won't let them destroy this ship." Helek went over to the same conduit where Ajah had absorbed more power. "We'll fight, Admiral," he said. Jim just hoped they could do enough to keep the others from destroying the ship…
Spock had disabled the self-destruct on the Enterprise, but he did not unlock the ship's systems yet. Then they had gone to the medical bay so that Bones could do something about his broken nose and sore face. He did not take time to do anything about the swelling yet, but he took care of the broken nose. "At least that's better," he said. "What do we do now?" "Since we are unable to contact Jim, I suggest we stay aboard the Enterprise," Spock replied. "Well, how are we supposed to know what's going on?" "Maybe we could hail this ship from the Bridge," Uhura suggested. "Not without unlocking the ship," Spock said. "Right. Are we going to just sit here?" "Now that the ship has stopped, it may be wise if we stay here so that we can prepare the Enterprise for a quick escape." "I think one of us should take a communicator to Jim so we could talk to him at least," Bones said. Spock considered that. "I do not want to leave the Enterprise now that we have managed to get aboard." "So I'll go. If they made it to the Bridge of this ship, then the path may be clear by now." "You should be careful, Doctor. Do not assume that everything is clear. You must carry a weapon and you must not hesitate to fire it. Otherwise, we will have another situation on our hands." "I know what you mean. I'll make it to the Bridge and I'll take a medical kit with me in case anyone is injured." "Stay in touch." "You know, I think you're starting to care about us." "Doctor McCoy, that is such a nasty remark," Uhura said. "Even for you. You know Spock cares for his friends and this crew." "Well, excuse me. I was just joking." Bones picked up one of the most powerful blaster's in the Enterprise's arsenal. "Wish me luck," he said. "Good luck," Spock replied. Bones grabbed a medical kit and two communicators and headed out of the Enterprise. He stopped when he reached the back of the ship and the boarding ramp which they had closed when they came into the ship. He took out a communicator. "Hey, Spock, are there any blood-thirsty enemies outside this ship?" he asked. Spock was scanning the outside of the ship already. "I do not see any," he replied. "Good. I just wanted to make sure before I lower this ramp." "I believe you are clear." Bones pressed the button to lower the ramp, and he held the blaster ready just in case Spock missed something. He realized he was already sweating, but he went on out of the ship and down the ramp. He clipped the communicator to his belt so Spock could hear him without him having to let go of the blaster with one hand to talk. "I don't see anything so far," Bones said. Spock and Uhura could hear his rapid breathing and knew he was nervous. After all, he was a doctor, not a security officer. Bones got over to the corridor that led out of the hangar bay and would lead up to the Bridge. "Next time I volunteer for something like this, sedate me," he said. He shined the light he had down the corridor and saw no one so he went on. He could not help but have the fleeting thought that the light he carried just painted a target on him. He got to the end of that corridor and looked around the corner, and right into the face of Duras. Bones was so startled, he did not have time to react, and Duras slammed his armored forearm down on Bones's arms so hard that he wondered if he broke his arm and then he elbowed Bones in the face. Bones hit the floor hard and was then jerked up facing Duras. He could taste blood in his mouth and he thought that repair on his nose had been for nothing. "Now, we will see whether your Admiral wants to talk," Duras said. Bones thought strongly about spitting his blood all over Duras's face, but he did not. He had gotten Jim into worse trouble. Spock and Uhura had heard what was happening but they could do nothing from where they were, they could not alert Jim. "Wait!" Uhura said. "Scotty must still have his communicator!" Spock grabbed his own communicator. "Mister Scott," he said. Scotty was still studying the isolinear chips when his communicator chirped. He was surprised to hear it. "Yes," he answered. "Mister Scott, can you contact the Admiral?" "Yes sir." "Alert him that Duras has captured the doctor and is planning to use him as barter. We must find a way to free the doctor. Can you restore the lights in the ship?" "Yes sir." "You should, and has the tractor beam holding the Enterprise been turned off?" "Yes sir. You should be able to move the ship." "We need more people to operate the ship properly." "But Sir, if I leave here, I cannot keep control of this ship." Spock thought a moment. "I will attempt to transport everyone back to the Enterprise. We must work fast!" "Yes sir. I'm working on the lights now." Jim was surprised when the lights came on, on the Bridge, and then the intercom began flashing again. "Mister Scott, I'm glad you restored the lights," he said. "Admiral, we have a big problem," Scotty replied. "Duras had captured the doctor and he is on his way to you!" Jim felt cold inside with that news. "Where was he?" "Probably close to the Bridge. He intends to use the doctor as barter. Mister Spock is going to attempt to transport us to the Enterprise." "No. We'll lose this ship!" "But sir, if they capture you again…" "I know, Mister Scott. Tell Spock to hold off on that. We have to take this ship if we can. We have to fight for it. If we can't…he can transport us then." "Yes sir." "Kirk out." Jim just stood there a moment. "What should we do?" Solan asked. Jim could see the troubled look on Solan's face. He had asked them to put their lives on the line too many times, but he could not do it without them. "We're gonna fight," he said. "We're ready, Admiral," Ajah said. "How do we rescue the doctor?" Jim frowned. "I don't know." "I'll try to get to him," Helek said. "When they are occupied with the fight, I will attempt to rescue him." "Just be careful. He may be…injured." Jim did not like the fact that Bones was probably being tortured because of him. He had talked Bones into coming on this mission. "Don't worry," Solan said. "We'll do something." "If I have to, I'll give myself up. I can't let them keep Bones." "Jim, you can't do that." "Well, you can always shoot me." Solan was appalled that he even said that. "You know I couldn't do that." "Yeah, I know." Jim and the others went over to the entrance to the Bridge. "I don't know of any other way they can get onto this Bridge besides this door," he said. "I haven't seen anything," Helek replied. Duras was not on his way to the Bridge just yet. They had taken Bones to another room in the ship. "Let me torture him," the Nausicaan said. Bones wanted to try and get away but he figured that would just result in getting him hurt even worse. "You can help with the Admiral," Duras replied. "This one is bait. We will use the nerve cruncher." Bones did not like the sound of even the name of that. He was trying his best not to look afraid, but he was trembling inside. "I can smell fear," the Nausicaan said. Bones glared at him. "Jim won't give in to you!" he declared. "I'm just a member of his crew!" "On the contrary," Duras said. "You are very close to Admiral Kirk. You are Leonard McCoy, are you not?" Bones frowned. How did they even know his name? "Whether you answer or not, I know who you are, Doctor McCoy," Duras said. "When I am done with you, you will answer any question I ask…even betray your best friend." "I will not!" "Remove his shirt and put him on the table." The Nausicaan brought Bones over to the table in the center of the room and practically threw him onto it on his stomach. Instead of completely removing the shirt, they pulled it up over his head along with his arms and strapped him down like that. He tried to struggle, but they strapped him down so he could not move. Bones thought it was very disturbing that he was lying on his stomach instead of his back, and now he could see nothing. "I will not scream," Bones told himself silently. "I will not scream." He thought not seeing what was happening was worse than seeing it coming. He figured that was part of the torture though. Bones felt something on his back between his shoulders. He tried his best to struggle but he could not move much. Then he felt a pain that felt like a pin prick mixed with what felt like a hard punch to the back. It reminded him of the time Jerah had put that device on him to shock him. He sure hoped this was nothing like that but he was sure it was nothing good. Next, he felt whatever it was boring into his back. He wanted to cry out but he made himself not do it. As it bore deeper, he felt a cold sensation that went all the way to his feet. Then all his muscles seemed to jerk involuntarily as something seemed to snap into place. Bones just lay there wondering what was going to happen next. "It is in place," someone said. They got Bones up next and let him get his shirt back on. "What did you do to me?" he asked. "You will know soon enough," Duras said. "Put him back on the table." The Nausicaan was too glad to oblige. He restrained Bones again and then stood at the end of the table at his feet. Bones figured he was the one who would do the torturing if there was any done. Duras activated an intercom on the wall. "Admiral Kirk," he said. Jim was startled when he heard that. He went over to the console where the red intercom light was flashing again and pressed it. "Yeah?" "I am Duras." "I thought you were a little stunned." Duras almost snarled at him. "I have your beloved doctor. I believe you call him…Bones." Jim frowned. "I don't believe you," he said, hoping he would let him talk to Bones. "I will prove it to you." Bones thought his fear tripled, but he was determined that he would neither say anything nor scream no matter what they did. He would not let them use him to get Jim. "Speak, and let your friend know you are here!" Duras demanded. Bones just glared at him as best he could and did not say a word. Duras nodded to the Nausicaan. "Break his leg," he said. Bones was alarmed and wanted to yell, but he stayed quiet. "Wait!" Jim yelled. "Bones, are you there? Tell me now! That's an order!" Bones did not want to but he said, "Yes, Jim, I'm here." "Let him go, Duras!" Jim demanded. "Holding him is not going to get you what you want!" "It's going to get me exactly what I want," Duras replied. "You!" "Jim, you can't give in to him!" Bones said. "More of our allies are on their way here right now, and we will have reinforcements aboard this ship. You will not succeed, Admiral." "You forget, we have control of Engineering and the Bridge," Jim reminded him. Jim ended the transmission. "What did you do that for?" Solan asked. "He's not going to do anything to Bones without me hearing it." Jim switched the frequency. "Scotty." "Yes, Admiral." "How much longer?" "We're almost there, Sir." "Scotty, as soon as you get power back, we have to get moving! There are ships on their way here and we're about to have more than we can handle!" "Just a few more minutes, Sir. It's almost there!" "Great! Kirk out!" Jim turned to Solan. "As soon as this ship gets power, get us out of here!" he said. Solan nodded and sat down in the pilot's seat. He sure hoped they could get out before those other ships arrived. He pressed the communication button. "Scotty, can we at least get the shields up?" he asked. "Just about," Scotty answered. "If we could get that, we could stop them from getting onboard this ship." Scotty was silent a moment. "Shields are coming up now!" he said. Just then, all the lights on Solan's panel lit up blue. "Wow, we've got something," he said. "Nothing's red now." "Power in a few more seconds." Jim was trying to watch the helm and the door to the Bridge at the same time. Just as he thought they were going to win this, four ships dropped out of warp. "Mister Scott! We just ran out of time!" Jim said. "Ten more seconds, Sir!" Scotty replied. "The shields will hold them off until we can get the warp drive working!" Suddenly, another voice came over the intercom system. "Admiral Kirk, you have chosen to ignore me," Duras said. "Your friend here will pay for your ignorance." Just then, there was a horrifying scream of agony. Jim's breath quickened as he knew it was Bones. "Stop!" he yelled. The scream died down. "Now, do I have your attention?" "No, Jim!" Bones yelled. Solan, Helek, and Ajah were watching Jim to see what he would do. "You have five minutes," Duras said. "Or your friend here will know what true agony is." The transmission ended. The others could see the agony on Jim's face. "Jim, you can't," Solan said. "He's my best friend, Solan," Jim replied. "We can go and search for him," Helek suggested. "Perhaps we will meet those who would try to take the Bridge as well." Jim felt like he was frozen. Why had he not stayed on Kronos? Why did he not just stay on Earth? How would they ever get out of this? "Admiral!" Ajah said. Jim looked at him. Just then, the warp drive came online with a jolt. Jim whirled around toward Solan. "Punch it!" Solan got the coordinates set for Klingon space and pulled the lever that put the ship to warp. Jim felt better then and looked at Helek and Ajah. "Go get 'em," he said. Helek's smile even had electricity showing in it. "We'll find the doctor," he replied. Helek and Ajah hurried from the Bridge, not forgetting to avoid the stun wave set up at the door. Jim heard electricity firing and surprised groans and yelling. He stood at the door of the Bridge hoping that they would find Bones. Someone had to stay on the Bridge…and he supposed that was him. Spock and Uhura had heard some of the communications and had already known that Bones had been captured. Their top priority at the moment, however, was to protect the Enterprise. Locking it up did not seem to do any good with the mechanisms that these criminals had. They could not allow them to get the Enterprise if it was possible to stop them. However, he knew the other ship was now moving. "Spock, shouldn't we join the search for Doctor McCoy?" she asked. "Perhaps we should," Spock replied. "I cannot contact Jim, however, and do not know his plans." "If the ship is moving, we must be on our way back to Klingon space." "Still, we do not know his plans once we arrive there." "There's no way to find out if we just sit here." "You are correct as usual. However, we can contact Mister Scott." Spock activated the communicator again. "Mister Scott." "Yes, Sir," Scotty answered. "Do you know what Jim has planned?" "No. Right now, we're on our way back to Klingon space." "Does he intend to try and rescue Doctor McCoy?" "I don't know what he's doing about that, Sir. We could use a little help here though. Korax is good, but he's getting tired, and John is helping." "As you know, we are quite shorthanded. Once we arrive back at Kronos, we will be able to retrieve more of our crew." "Yes sir." "Contact Jim and ask what he would like Uhura and me to do." "Yes sir." Spock ended that transmission. He and Uhura watched the scanners outside the ship while they waited. "Although they want the technology from the Enterprise, their ultimate goal was to capture Jim," Spock said. "It is logical that they will attempt to escape from this ship with Doctor McCoy in order to lure Jim into their plan." "He wouldn't let them do that, would he?" Uhura asked. "You know as well as I do that Jim and Doctor McCoy have been good friends since they met on their way to the Academy. I believe he would have a difficult time allowing his friend to stay in their clutches and not try to save him." "He couldn't risk the Federation." "I believe the Federation would survive no matter whether they captured Jim or not. I am certain that he would believe the same thing. However, I am not certain that Jim, nor the doctor would survive." "We have to do something besides just sit here." "We will as soon as we figure out what it is that we should do." John McCoy stood beside Scotty, but his mind certainly was not on what they were doing in Engineering. He was thinking about his brother. Leonard had given himself up and left him so that he could help in some way. John knew he had left him so that he would not be a prisoner. "They'll find him, Laddy," Scotty said. John swallowed hard as he could almost still hear his brother's scream that came over that intercom. "What if they kill him?" he asked. "They're torturing him, Scotty." Scotty hated it too, but he had to make sure the warp drive kept working right. He had never seen a setup like the one in this ship, and he intended to learn all he could. "We have to think about what we're doing," he said. "We can't help him. We can only get this ship back to Klingon space." "He shouldn't even be here." "None of us should! This was never the intent of this mission!" John had to admit that was right. "I don't ever want to go on anymore missions to Klingon space," he said. "You don't have a choice, Pal." "Yes I do. I'll resign from Starfleet." Scotty supposed he needed to let someone else talk to John about that. "Let's keep our minds on what we're doing." "Yeah…we can't let our feelings or care about someone get in the way of duty!" John said bitterly and moved to another console. Scotty looked at him, but he kept on with what he was doing. Korax came over to Scotty. "The young one's concerns are not ridiculous," he said. "I never said they were," Scotty replied. "I'm not heartless." "It is difficult for the young to ignore anger and other emotions." "I never thought Klingons ignored emotions." "Then you do not know much about the Klingons. To be a warrior, one must put their goals first." "Yeah. Well, you should be watching the door." "The door is sealed, and has been coded." "Right. So, we're on our way back to Klingon space. That's it for now." Korax thought about Doctor McCoy. He enjoyed arguing with the doctor when he was onboard the Enterprise. He had even spoken with him briefly since he moved to Pacifica. However, he had stayed on Kronos for a long time. "I want to help find the doctor," he said. "You do not need me here." "I don't think we should be here without a guard," Scotty replied. "I will stay here at your orders, but I will not like it." "I think we're all having to do things we don't like." Helek and Ajah had met up with a lot of resistance, but now they were unopposed. "How do we find the doctor?" Ajah asked. "They could be anywhere." Helek stopped a moment and thought. "I have studied this ship a great deal, and have studied about the admiral's last encounter," he said. "There was a room called 'the suffering room'." "And you think this may be where they are torturing the doctor?" "It's worth a shot…but where is this room?" "I do not know." "The admiral would know…perhaps." Helek looked around them and saw an intercom connection on the wall. "I don't want this to go over the whole thing," he said. "I hope you know how to use this thing," Ajah replied. "I wasn't born yesterday. I happen to even work on these things." Helek managed to find the connection to the Bridge. "Admiral," he said. Jim pressed the button on the console on the Bridge. "Yeah." "Where is the suffering room? We think that could be where they are holding Doctor McCoy." Jim considered that. "I'm not sure where it's located," he said. "I don't think it's far from the Brig though. I didn't exactly get out the normal way, or go in the normal way either…but you're right." "We will attempt to make our way to the Brig area. I will notify you if we find him." "Good." Helek ended the transmission. "Now, we must find the Brig since we have not been there," he said. "The Brig is in a lower area of the ship," Ajah replied. "Right. I guess we just have to find a corridor that goes down." Ajah rolled his eyes at that. "That is the simple way to look at it." "I like to look at things the simple way." As they neared the center of the ship, they could hear the loud humming sound of the warp drive which was contained within the sphere but was connected to the Nacelles further back in the ship. This area was rather dimly lit according to the rest of the ship that they had seen. "We should be able to recharge here somewhere," Helek said. "Since this is where the power is made." "A lot of power," Ajah replied as he looked around them. "A lot more power to convert to electricity." "You should be careful. This is the center of power. In the conduits that we have accessed so far, the power was relayed. This area would be raw power." Helek looked at Ajah. "Are you always so cautious?" "Yes." "You could be right." They continued on through that area and came to the back part of the ship which contained Engineering as well as the Brig. They finally came to an area where there was a corridor that slanted downward. "Maybe that's it," Helek whispered. "I suggest we be careful," Ajah whispered. "Well, I think that's obvious." They moved slowly down the corridor which seemed to wind around the ship and had several hatches and doors along the way. Finally, they came to the Brig which was still occupied by the other prisoners who had been there before Jim and the others. "We should free them," Ajah whispered. "Perhaps they could help us." "I never know whether to do something without the admiral's approval," Helek whispered. "If they were free, they could help to rid the ship of other enemies." "What if they do not want to help us?" "Why would they not? We are all after the same goal." Just then, they heard a scream of torture. They whirled around to look down the corridor. They knew that had to be Doctor McCoy… Bones had found out just exactly what the "nerve cruncher" was. It sent pain through every nerve in his body. The Nausicaan had zapped him with it twice. "Do you know what happens after the third time?" he asked. Bones did not want to think about it. All his nerves felt like they were buzzing. The Nausicaan leaned over him. "Tell us about the admiral's family," he said. "You won't escape us." Bones could feel his nerves trembling, and it made him feel like he was extremely nervous. "You do not help yourself by refusing," his tormentor said. "We will take this vessel back once it stops." "You underestimate Jim," Bones said trying to keep his voice from shaking, but failing. "No, I believe it is you who overestimate your chances." "Enough of this talk," Duras said. He grabbed Bones and pulled him off the table and dragged him over to the intercom. He threw him into the floor on his back and put his foot on his chest. Then he pressed the intercom button. "Admiral Kirk!" Jim heard the angry voice over the intercom. "Kirk here," he answered. "Your time is up!" Suddenly, they heard Bones screaming again. Jim and Solan looked at each other. "Stop it!" Jim yelled. Just then, Helek and Ajah arrived at the door to the "suffering room", which was exactly where Duras and the others were. They took out the guard outside the door, and then blasted the controls to the door. The ones inside the room were taken by surprise. Helek hit Duras with a huge wave of electrical power. Ajah ducked as a phaser blast went by and then he took out two Romulans in the room. However, the Nausicaan still had the control for the device attached to Doctor McCoy. "This is the only thing that can detach the device from your doctor!" the Nausicaan said. "If you destroy it, he will pay the price." Helek glared at him as he stood beside Doctor McCoy who was still lying in the floor. "I do not have to destroy it to incapacitate you," Helek informed him. "But I can destroy it easily." Jim could hear what was going on since the intercom was still activated. "No!" he said. "Helek, stand down." "But Admiral…" "That's an order!" Helek glared at the Nausicaan and lowered his hand as though he would give up, but he looked toward Ajah, who exchanged the glance. Ajah suddenly let go a charge that hit the Nausicaan right in his nostril crests. They actually saw electrical strands come out his ears, and he fell backward. "Nice," Helek said. Ajah ran over to the Nausicaan and retrieved the device from him. "I suppose this is what he spoke of," he said. He searched the Nausicaan and found one other device. "I suppose someone else besides us will have to do this." Helek was kneeling beside Doctor McCoy who was unconscious. "He's alive," he said. "But he is covered in sweat. I suppose I will have to…turn off my light show before I attempt to carry him out of here." "I suppose you will," Ajah replied. Jim was still hearing them. "Report to the Bridge now!" he said. "Shouldn't we take Doctor McCoy to the medical bay on the Enterprise first?" Helek asked. Jim was getting angrier by the minute. "Since it's on the way, go ahead, but then you come to the Bridge…and Ajah too!" "We'll be there." Jim turned off the transmission. They had blatantly disobeyed him…and it could have resulted in dire consequences for Bones. He would have a good chewing for them…
Helek and Ajah got Duras into stun cuffs again since he was not dead. "We'll take him to the Brig in the Enterprise this time," Helek suggested. "That's probably wise," Ajah replied. They did not meet up with anymore opposition on their way to the Enterprise. Spock and Uhura saw them as they approached the ship and opened the boarding ramp for them. "I thought we should put him in the Brig here this time," Helek said. "I agree," Spock replied. "I believe it is safe to reactivate the Enterprise now." The Enterprise was soon back online, and they put Duras in the Brig. They took Doctor McCoy to the medical bay. He was starting to wake up now, and he was incredibly nervous. "Doctor, you are safe now," Spock said. Ajah gave the two devices to Spock. "One of these removes some sort of device they have used to torture the doctor," he said. "I do not know which." "I will figure it out." "Helek and I have to report to the admiral." "Please, take a communicator so that I may be in touch with him also." "Sure." Helek and Ajah headed for the Bridge. "Do you believe the admiral is going to chew us out?" Ajah asked. "Probably," Helek replied. "You don't care?" Helek stopped. "Ajah, Admiral Kirk wasn't there! He could not properly direct us on what we should do! I intend to inform him of that." "I will leave that to you." They started walking again. "You're too solemn," Helek said. They soon arrived at the Bridge and got inside without activating the stun wave. Jim was waiting for them and he was not looking very happy. Helek and Ajah walked over to him and stood up straight. Solan turned back around to the helm. He wished he did not have to hear this. "You deliberately disobeyed me!" Jim said. "You could have gotten Bones killed!" "Admiral…" Helek began. "No! I don't want to hear any excuses!" "Can't you even listen to what I have to say?" Solan almost grimaced at that. Jim was incredulous. "You wanta ask that again?" he asked. "I don't have to listen to you." "Of course not!" Helek replied. "You don't even want to hear what things were really like! You couldn't see what was happening. We were in a position to get the doctor out of their hands! If we had just stood there, they would have had something to hold up to you." Jim took a deep breath, trying not to be too angry since they had actually rescued Bones, and risked their own lives to do it. "You're really pushing my patience," he said. "I know I wasn't there! But you could have gotten him killed!" "But I didn't!" Jim suddenly had an overwhelming case of déjà vu as he remembered saying that very thing to Admiral Pike after he had come back from Nabiru, and he was chewing him out about risking the lives of his crew. "I didn't want to let them torture him anymore," Helek said. "And they would have used him and us to capture you." Jim just stood there a moment. "Admiral, are you alright?" Ajah asked. "I'm fine," Jim replied. He knew exactly how they felt and what they were talking about. But could he excuse them for disobeying his orders? "I understand why you did what you did," he said. Solan was surprised to hear that. "But, you still disobeyed me," Jim said. "I can't let that slide by. I'll think of some sort of punishment when we get out of this." Helek and Ajah just stood there a moment. "So, what do you want us to do now?" Helek asked. Jim frowned, and then stepped closer to them. "I don't want you to think that this in any way lets you by with being disobedient," he said. "Do you understand that?" "Yes sir," Ajah replied. "I was actually the one who fired the shot at the Nausicaan." Jim stared at him a moment. "You?" "Yes sir." Jim was surprised. He could have understood Helek doing that because he was always the one who had the rebellious personality…but Ajah? "You're not just covering up for him, are you?" he asked. Helek's mouth dropped open. "Are you saying that you would find it more believable that I would do this than him?" he asked. Jim paused a moment. "Yeah." Solan snickered and tried not to laugh. Jim glanced at him. "You find something funny?" he asked. "NO sir," Solan replied. "I'm offended," Helek said. "Okay, I think this conversation is just losing its seriousness," Jim declared. "You guys never listen to me." "Yes we do," Solan said. He turned around then. "We followed you out here into this mess, and we could have gone with the rest of the crew in the escape pods. I'm not even a member of the crew on the Enterprise…and neither are they." "Are you being insubordinate?" "No sir. I'm just saying…we respect you, but they just thought they had the advantage." "I realize that but there are still some consequences. Right now, we have to think about where we're going. Once we get to Kronos, there's likely going to be another battle. Once we retrieve the Enterprise crew, we'll get out of there and take this ship back to Federation Space." "What will they do with this ship?" Solan asked. "I don't know, but we sure won't let the Romulans have it." "By the way, Admiral," Helek said. "Mister Spock sent you a communicator." Jim took the communicator. "Spock." Spock was rather relieved to hear Jim's voice. "Admiral." "How's the Enterprise?" "As we left it." "How is Bones?" Spock was silent a moment. "I am afraid he needs medical attention that I cannot give him." "What did they do to him, Spock?" "His nervous system is…damaged." "How damaged?" "It is quite severe, Jim. If he does not get help, he may not be able to function." "Is there a medical bay on this ship? Maybe it's more advanced." "We have not had much time to explore every aspect of the ship." "Keep him comfortable until we get to Kronos." "Yes, Admiral." Jim ended that transmission. He knew it would be a while before they got to Kronos, but he hoped Bones would be okay, because they would have to rendezvous with a hospital ship. He just hoped they would not be in the middle of another conflict when they arrived at Kronos. However, they were in the Monstrosity, so they would have the advantage since it had incredible shields. When the Monstrosity dropped out of warp at Kronos, it looked very quiet, but three Klingon warbirds were there, and they wasted no time coming to investigate. "Hail them," Jim said. Solan sent the hail, and they received an answer. Grakar appeared on the screen. "So, you were successful," he said. "Yes," Jim replied. "Is the crew of the Enterprise safe?" "They are. I must say that is the ugliest ship I have ever seen." Jim chuckled at that. "I hate to rush but Doctor McCoy is badly injured, and we have to get him back to Earth or to a hospital ship, whichever is closer." "Will he recover?" "We hope. We need to transport the crew as soon as possible." "I will make sure they are ready." "Thanks. We could have some visitors soon. I don't know if those Romulans pursued us or not." "We will soon find out." The transmission ended and Solan moved the ship into orbit. Jim took out his communicator. "Mister Spock." "Yes Admiral," Spock answered. "Are you taking the Enterprise out or just riding along?" "Since we are fairly safe here, I suppose the Enterprise can ride." "Great. Once the crew is aboard we can operate this thing better." "I will come to the Bridge once the medical crew is aboard to see to Doctor McCoy." "Is he any better?" "Not that I can tell. He is rather alarmed every time I awaken him. I have kept him lightly sedated." "We'll get to a hospital as soon as possible." Jim ended that transmission. After a few more minutes, the crew was ready to be transported. "Okay, Mister Scott, bring them aboard," Jim said over the intercom. Scotty had had some time to figure out more about the ship while they were at warp for two days. He activated the transporter and some of the crew appeared on the pad. It would take four transports to get them all. With the last group came Grakar. He stepped off the transporter pad. "I wish to accompany you to Earth," he said. "I have the permission of the chancellor." "Right, well, you'll have to discuss that with the admiral," Scotty replied. He was just glad the crew was aboard and they could all learn about this ship together. Korax was still in Engineering. "We are not certain that we got all the others under control," he said to Grakar. "But if there are any left, they have not shown themselves nor caused any trouble." "Perhaps they believe more will arrive," Grakar replied. "What does the admiral say?" "He has kept us watchful." "I will go to the Bridge and speak with him." "I will go with you now that there are many more security officers." They both left Engineering and headed for the Bridge. "Duras is a prisoner aboard the Enterprise," Korax informed him. Grakar stopped. "He should be a prisoner of the Klingon Empire," he declared. "Perhaps the admiral will speak with the chancellor about that." "He should." "He is in a hurry to leave because of Doctor McCoy's condition." "How is our pessimistic friend?" "I am not certain. He was tortured by Duras and his gang." "What form of torture did they use?" "I am not familiar with the device they used…the nerve cruncher." Grakar thought about that a moment. "I have not heard of this, but there has been talk of new devices of torture," he said. "This device connects to the nervous system and can cause great damage," Korax replied. "Then we should take him to Kronos and he should have a mineral bath." "I do not think it would help in this case. Besides, we do not know how the minerals would affect a human." "The minerals have healing properties." "Yes, but if they do not work for him, it would delay his connection with doctors who can help him." "There is always something." "You can speak to the admiral about this." They continued on until they came to the hangar bay where the Enterprise was sitting. "I should speak with Admiral Kirk before we visit the doctor," Grakar said. "I would," Korax replied. "You may be a stowaway." Grakar scoffed at that. "He is my friend…and besides, this is not his ship." "Technically, it is." "You simply want to argue." As they were passing by the Enterprise, Spock was descending the ramp, along with Uhura. "Mister Spock," Grakar said. "You are on your way to the Bridge as well?" "I am," Spock replied. "I did not realize that you would be joining us." "He is a stowaway," Korax said. "My friend is a joker," Grakar said. Uhura could hardly keep from laughing at their banter. She had never met Klingons quite like Korax and Grakar. They soon arrived at the Bridge where Jim had managed to get the stun wave deactivated. He was surprised to see Grakar. "I didn't know you would be joining us," he said. Korax folded his arms. "He says I am a stowaway," Grakar said. "I would like to accompany you on this journey. I would also request that you inform Chancellor Gorkon that you have taken Duras prisoner." "Oh, I intend to do that," Jim replied. "We have to get treatment for Doctor McCoy as soon as possible." "We could treat him on Kronos. The mineral baths have healing properties." "For nerve damage?" "They can help many things." Jim considered that a moment. "We can't be sure that it would help Bones though. I have to get him to a hospital." "I understand. Perhaps your doctors could experiment and discover the effects of the minerals." "That would be a good idea." "You do not object to my being aboard?" "Absolutely not. You're welcome to go with us." Grakar looked at Korax. "See?" "You are just lucky," Korax replied. Jim smiled at that exchange but then he turned to Spock. "You watch the Bridge for now," Jim said. "I want to go and see Bones." "Yes, Admiral," Spock replied. "I would be glad to." "Uhura, find out where the hospital ship is. If it's closest, we'll take him there." "I'll get right on it," Uhura replied. "Also, let Admiral Winston know that we have this ship. Spock, get the ship moving as soon as we find out where the hospital ship is." Spock nodded. Jim sighed with relief now that they had more people onboard the ship. "Do you wish to have an escort?" Korax asked. "We would like to visit the doctor as well." Jim nodded. "That's fine," he said. Helek and Ajah had calmed their electrical impulses. "What would you like us to do?" Helek asked. "You can go and help Scotty now that everything's under control," Jim replied. "But follow his orders." Helek frowned. "Yes sir." He wondered if Jim was going to reprimand him anymore. Jim looked at Ajah. "You can come with me. Since you're my personal assistant." They all left the Bridge and headed for the Enterprise. "I feel like I've been trapped on the Bridge," Jim remarked as they walked. "I sure know the value of a crew." "A ship of this size is a great responsibility," Grakar said. "One that Duras failed to realize." "I'm just hoping we found all of his followers," Jim replied. He supposed he was always a little apprehensive in these situations but he had people's lives in his hands. "That's why we imprisoned Duras in the Enterprise Brig. If there are any others, they can't free him. Speaking of prisoners, we have to deal with those in the Brig on his ship too." "You have much on your mind, Young Admiral." "I do. But I want to see Bones first." Jim walked up the boarding ramp into the Enterprise after he entered the security code. It seemed eerie not to hear someone say Admiral on Deck. There was no one there to say it. He assumed Spock had assigned members of the Enterprise to work in the Monstrosity, but there were security personnel onboard, as well as the medical crew. As Jim entered the medical bay, he could see Bones lying on one of the beds and one of the ship's doctors standing beside him. The doctor seemed surprised to see Jim. "Admiral," he said. "At ease," Jim replied. "How is he?" "He's resting but he's definitely not well. I'd say his motor functions are just about non-existent." He held up a small device that looked almost like a dart with a tiny web at the end of the needle. "We removed this from his back with the device Captain Spock gave us." "What is it?" "I don't know, but it is responsible for the damage to his nervous system." Jim just looked at the small device. "Did you repair any of it?" "As much as possible, but he needs a hospital. Are we on our way yet?" "We're about to be." "The sooner he gets treatment, the better." "Is he sedated?" "Yes. Otherwise, he wouldn't be resting at all." Jim frowned as he looked at Bones. He could not help but think this was all his fault. He took out his communicator. "Spock, what's taking so long?" he asked. "We have not heard from the hospital ship yet," Spock answered. "Let's get on our way to Earth then. We can't waste time." "Yes, Admiral." Jim ended that transmission and turned back to Bones. "Just hang in there," he said. "Take care of him, Doctor." "I will, Sir," the doctor replied. Jim turned and left the medical bay. "Korax, if you don't mind staying aboard the Enterprise and keeping an eye on things?" he asked. "Yes, Admiral," Korax replied. "Do you expect trouble?" "I don't know. I just want to be sure. Let me know if anything unusual happens." "It will be done." "Get with the other security officers and make sure they're watching." Jim turned and headed down to the Brig where Duras was being kept. He paced back and forth until he saw Jim. "Open this door and I will kill you here!" Duras declared. "You're not killing anyone," Jim replied. Grakar walked up to the cell. "You will answer to the Klingon council," he said. "Then we will see who has honor and who does not! You are a traitor!" "It is you who are a traitor!" Duras argued. "You agree with these humans!" "Making friends is not traitorous! You betray all Klingons, killing your own, trying to kill our chancellor!" "It is not over!" "It soon will be once your followers realize that you are wrong! The Klingon Empire will move on with the rest of the galaxy while your followers continue to crouch in dark corners of the galaxy accomplishing nothing!" "It's over for you, Duras," Jim interrupted. "You won't be escaping." "We will see," Duras replied. Jim had hoped Duras would say something about others being on the ship. He walked over to the security officers. "Keep an eye on him," he said. "Do not open that cell for any reason." "Yes sir," one of them replied. Jim, Grakar, and Ajah left the Brig and left the Enterprise. Jim sealed the ship again as he got outside it. "We're going to the Brig in this ship to see about those prisoners," he said. "How do you know you can trust any of them?" Ajah asked. "I don't, but I want to talk to them anyway." They went to the back of the ship and down to the Brig where there were several prisoners who had been captured by Duras and his crowd. There were also security guards there. Some of the prisoners were human but some were other species. "Why have you not freed us?" one of them asked. "We've been kinda busy," Jim replied. "And besides, we didn't know who you were, and figured you might be safer here than roaming the ship." "Have you taken over this ship?" "Yes. We've taken it over for the Federation. Where are you from?" "We come from Kolaris Three. We were captured by Romulans and taken prisoner aboard this ship." Jim nodded. "They destroyed all the outposts along the Neutral Zone border." "Why do you not free us?" Jim considered how to answer that. "We're having a rather hard time figuring out who is on which side right now," he said. "You think we are on their side, and yet we sit here in stun cuffs? Will you at least take us back to our planet?" "I will, but right now, we're taking one of our crew members to a hospital. He was badly injured by the captors." "I heard his screams. We would be glad to help him if we can. We are scientists and doctors." "Well, we don't have the equipment to help him. It'll take us four days to get to Earth." "You will keep us here for four days?" "No. We're not going to do that." Jim motioned to one of the security guards to come over there. "Take their cuffs off and let them go back to their own ship. We'll get you out of here as soon as possible." Jim waited while the others removed the stun cuffs. "Thank you, Admiral Kirk," the spokesman of the group said. Jim scowled at that. "How do you know my name?" he asked. "There aren't many who don't know it, but I did hear them call it. You're quite a legend." "My security officers will escort all of you to your ship." "You still do not trust us." "Call me overly cautious." Jim watched as they left the Brig. He definitely did not want them roaming the ship. Ajah and Grakar stood beside him. "Something troubles you," Grakar said. "It's always troubling when someone acts like they know you and you've never seen them before," Jim replied. "Like he said, you are quite a legend." "Maybe I'm just nervous, but I want that ship guarded. We have four days before we make it to Earth. A lot can happen in that length of time." "Perhaps you should drop out of warp and send them on their way," Ajah suggested. "That would alleviate that problem." "It's a thought. Let's get to Engineering now." Jim arrived in Engineering to find Scotty still studying the isolinear chips. "These things are fascinating, Admiral," he said. "Scotty, are all the scanners working correctly?" Jim asked. "As far as I know, Sir." "There are no other beings on this ship but our crew?" "Not that have been detected. Is there a problem?" "I want someone to keep an eye on that other ship. We let the prisoners go back to it. If they even try to get out of that ship, I want to know it." "You don't trust them." "I don't know enough about them to trust them. This is a big ship, Scotty." "Right. Stowaways have a lot of places to hide." Jim stood there a moment. "Are there any areas in the ship that are impervious to scanners?" he asked. Scotty looked at the monitors again. "There is one area behind the hangar bay that seems like a void," he said. "But that could be just a glitch." "We have to be sure." Jim looked at the map. "I think we should go and check it out," he said. "I can go with you, Admiral," Helek said. "Sure. If we run up on some unexpected guests, we will probably have a fight on our hands." Helek, Ajah, and Grakar followed Jim, who picked up a phaser rifle on his way to the hangar bay again. When they came to the area that Scotty had pointed out on the scanners, it was a lower deck that had the same sort of down-sloping corridor that went down into the Brig. Jim did not like the looks of it. If there was anyone down there, they would be sitting ducks walking down that corridor, and it was dimly lit. "Not very inviting, is it?" Helek asked. "What do you suggest, Admiral?" "We need to know if there's anyone down there," Jim replied. "It's shielded from the scanners." "If there's anyone there, why haven't they already tried to sabotage the ship?" "That is a very good question." "This just gets worse all the time," Ajah remarked. "Let's just try to stay to the sides of this corridor and maybe we can avoid any phasers." Jim called Spock and told him what they were about to do. "If you don't hear from me soon, do something," Jim said. "I will wait for your call," Spock replied. Jim put the communicator away and made sure his phaser rifle was ready. He stepped into the corridor, staying to the left side of it as much as he could. He suddenly remembered his sore side where Duras had kicked him. Why did it have to start hurting worse now? He supposed it was the tension of the situation. As they came to what seemed like the lowest part of the corridor, it led into a dark area that felt rather cold according to the rest of the ship. Jim almost shivered. He could see nothing. "Anyone got a light?" he asked. "I can create one," Helek said. "Go ahead." Helek cupped his hands together and began making what looked like a ball of electricity. "Ever heard of ball lightning?" he whispered. Jim was amazed. "Yeah, but not in someone's hand." Helek got his surprise ready and then threw it into the room. The whole room was lit up enough that they could see there were some very startled occupants. "Don't move!" Jim yelled as he moved around the corner along with the other three. There were all of the same ones they had met before in the room including four Nausicaans, and one of them had a lance. He slammed the tip of it into the floor, sending a powerful electrical charge. It traveled so fast, Jim barely got out of the way and felt his hair almost stand on end. Helek just stood and absorbed the charge making his hair and eyes into a light show again, and he threw the charge right back at the Nausicaan. Jim was facing a Romulan who attempted to disarm him while he was distracted, but Jim managed to hold onto his phaser rifle. However, another of the Romulans tackled him, knocking him onto the floor on his stomach. He then grabbed Jim around the neck, choking him while the other Romulan almost broke his fingers trying to take the phaser rifle. Jim let go of the rifle and then managed to get his knees under him to roll over. However, the Romulan did not let go of his neck. Jim was starting to see gray spots and his arms were starting to feel numb. Suddenly, Grakar was there with a bat'leth. The Romulan had to let go of Jim or lose something vital. He rolled away from Jim who wondered if he would get his breath back. Grakar did not have time to help him because the two Romulans drew swords. Jim gasped for air but he was looking for his phaser rifle at the same time as his vision was clearing up. He saw it lying a few feet from him. He started crawling towards it and reached it. He then sat beside the wall and aimed toward one of the Romulans who were now fighting with Grakar. Jim fired, and the Romulan fell. This turn of events created just enough distraction for the other Romulan to lose an arm by Grakar's bat'leth. "Admiral, look out!" Ajah exclaimed. Jim looked in time to see a Nausicaan coming at him with his lance. Jim managed to move but he still got a glancing blow from the weapon. He gasped for air again as he felt the electrical charge go through him. He grabbed the Nausicaan's leg and jerked it out from under him as he was starting to turn around to attack him again. Jim scrambled to his feet as the Nausicaan had lost his grip on the lance. They grabbed it at the same time and struggled over the weapon but as Jim was pulling on the weapon, the Nausicaan suddenly shoved, using Jim's own movements to shove him into the wall. Now, he was pressed against the wall trying to hold the weapon away from his throat. The Nausicaan twisted the lance and caused Jim to lose his grip on it, and then slammed it into his face, breaking his nose and he tasted blood in his mouth. Jim almost lost his footing but he knew he could not give up or he would be in their clutches again. He kicked the Nausicaan backward and stood there a moment trying to get a grip on the pain in his face now. However, the Nausicaan was coming at him again with the lance. Jim managed to grab hold of the lance again but he was pushed backward with the force of the Nausicaan's attack. This time, he was slammed into a table that was there. He definitely felt the impact in his back but he held the lance away from his head. Ajah had finally gotten the best of the two he had been struggling with and he was coming that way. He grabbed the Nausicaan around the neck with both hands and gave him a big shock that knocked him unconscious. He dropped to the floor with a thud that seemed loud even with all the other fighting that was going on. Jim thought he might thud himself. "Thanks," he said. "Don't mention it," Ajah replied. Helek and Grakar soon came over to them. "I guess we have some more prisoners," Jim said. He rubbed his forehead. Wow, his face hurt! "Your face is swelling," Helek pointed out. "Thanks. Let's just hope this is the last of them." "What were they waiting for?" Grakar asked. "Maybe we can ask them later. I want them kept in the Brig on the Enterprise…in separate cells." Jim took out his communicator. "Spock." "Yes, Admiral." "We have some more prisoners. I don't know what they were waiting for down here, but there must be something." "Do you believe there are more on the ship?" "I don't know. I can't believe they were just down here for nothing. They're expecting something." Spock was puzzled as well. "Perhaps they expected Duras to escape again and they would help him to retake the ship when we returned to Kronos." "That could be right, but I'm not ready to accept that yet. Do you have anyone on deck where the main computer core is?" "Yes. Everyone has found the equivalent of their stations on the Enterprise." "Well, everyone needs to be on the lookout. Make sure they are." "I will relay the message." Jim ended that transmission. He had to get to the medical bay before he looked for anymore stowaways. He stayed with the others until the new prisoners were in the Brig. Duras laughed loudly when he saw Jim's face. "You have taken another beating, Admiral Kirk!" Jim glared at him. "But I won," he said. Duras glared back. "You will not continue to win." "We'll see." Jim left the Brig and went to the medical bay. He was all too ready to lie down on a bed. He did not think he had slept at all while they traveled back to Kronos. Maybe it was catching up with him now…
Jim Kirk sat straight up on the bed he was lying on, but he wished he had not as his muscles did not agree with that movement. He looked around him and realized he was still in the medical bay. A nurse came over to him. "How long have I been asleep?" he asked. "All night," the nurse answered. "Nothing has happened?" "Captain Spock has tried to contact you, and he asked that you contact him as soon as possible." Jim grabbed his communicator. "Spock." "Admiral, I am glad you are awake," Spock replied. "Carol has contacted you and wishes to speak with you. Also, Admiral Winston wants to speak with you, as well as Chancellor Gorkon." Jim tried not to sigh at all that, but at least he had gotten some rest. He stood up and stretched and felt like he could stretch a lot more, but he had to get moving. "Thank you, Nurse," he said and left the medical bay. He was not sure if he wanted to talk to them on the Enterprise or on the Bridge of the Monstrosity. They had discovered that there were quarters in the Monstrosity as well, although that was a given with this sort of ship. He thought he just might talk to them in his quarters on the Enterprise with more privacy, but he would have to contact them himself. Jim sent messages to all three and just waited to see who would answer first. His first message came, and it was Carol. Jim smiled as he activated the open channel. "Morning," he said. "Is it?" Carol asked. "I'm on my way back to Earth, or have you already heard?" "It seems that everything you do is public news." "That's what I hear…so what have you heard?" "That you've taken over the ship you call the Monstrosity." Jim nodded. "I have. I'm inside the Enterprise right now but it's inside the ship." "But you're safe?" "Yeah." "I can see you've been in a few fights." "Yeah." "Jim." "Well, we had to fight for it. They captured the Enterprise. How can a mission to peace talks turn into all this? We have Duras as a prisoner now, but the Klingons want him turned over to them. I'm sure that's what Chancellor Gorkon wants to discuss." "So, you're going to be very busy when you get back." "Probably." "And what about after all this is over?" "I'm going to be all yours." "I think I'm going to enjoy that." "You think?" Carol smiled. "I know." "We're still about three days out. If nothing else happens…" "Are you expecting something to happen? Jim shook his head. "Not really. I don't see how they could do anything, but it seemed like those stowaways we found were waiting for something. Maybe I've just been in this mess too long and I'm edgy." "I hope. I'll be waiting for you." "It's nice to have someone waiting for me." "You're going to have to wait for me some day." "Why? Are you going to space?" "Who knows?" "If you do, I'll be waiting for you." "Just get home." "I'm coming. How's Alex?" "He's fine as usual. He asks every day if it's the day that you will come home. He's not up yet." "Tell him I love him, and I'll be there soon." Jim just sat there a moment. "I hate ending this transmission," he said. "Why don't we end it at the same time?" Carol asked. "And say I love you at the same time?" "On the count of three?" "One." "Two." "Three." I love you… Jim watched the screen go blank. He knew everything was okay but something just kept nagging at the back of his mind. Jim left his quarters and went to the Bridge of the Monstrosity where Spock was still overseeing. "No problems, right?" Jim asked. "None," Spock replied. "Are you expecting problems?" "I don't know." "The ship seems to be operating sufficiently." "I don't mean problems with the ship. I just can't shake the feeling that those that we found down there were waiting for something. Are you sure there's nothing we've missed?" "Not that we can tell, Admiral." They walked over to the schematic of the ship. "The layout of the ship indicates no one else aboard but the crew," Spock said. "And there are no more secret areas?" "If they are secret, they may not be listed or labeled on this schematic." "That's true." "You believe there are more hiding aboard?" Jim chuckled at himself. "I think I've just been in this too long. Maybe I'm getting a little paranoid." "I would not call it paranoid to be cautious since we do not know a lot about this ship." "Just keep the scanners going and let me know if anything really does look weird," Jim said. He walked over to Uhura. "Can you contact Admiral Winston for me?" "Yes, Admiral," Uhura replied. She got an immediate reply. Jim looked at the viewscreen as Admiral Winston appeared on it. Jim stood at attention as did Spock. "Admiral," Jim said. "I didn't expect such a fast response." "I believe we have some things to discuss," Admiral Winston replied. "I see you have captured the ship, you have discovered that Duras had no intention of making peace, and that he is conspiring with Romulans who have destroyed the outposts around the Romulan Neutral Zone." "That just about sums it up, Sir." "Without those outposts, we don't know what the Romulans are up to." "There were no Romulans following us when we made it back to Kronos. We expected them to follow us, and it's puzzling that they didn't. I can't believe that they would just let this ship go without a fight…although we did fight aboard the ship." "I share your concern." "They couldn't steal the Enterprise because it was locked down, but there's another ship aboard. The crew was prisoners. We allowed them to return to their own ship." Winston was silent a moment. "Do you trust them?" he asked. "It's hard to trust anyone right now. Their ship is being guarded." "We'll talk more when you get back here. Chancellor Gorkon has contacted me as well. He wants Duras turned over to the Klingons for trial and punishment." "I understand that. I have to get Doctor McCoy to a hospital. He's badly injured." Winston nodded. "We'll talk in three days. Winston out." The transmission ended. Jim sat down in the captain's chair and wished he did not feel so out of place. Spock sat in the other chair beside him. "Perhaps this design would be better for the Enterprise," Spock said. "Then we could both sit on the Bridge." "You mean, so you can argue with me without being behind me or standing up?" Jim asked. "Don't forget, I won't be there after this. I'm going back to my office." "Are you tired of adventure and danger?" "Only for now. And only the danger part." "I believe I could do without danger as well." "I could do without that for the rest of my life," Solan remarked from the pilot's seat. "I didn't have any trouble getting you to come on this mission," Jim replied. "I must have been temporarily insane." "Chomping at the bit." John McCoy was in the navigator's chair now. "I'd like to take a break now if I may and visit Leo," he said. "Of course," Jim replied. "You're dismissed." John left the Bridge without saying a word. "I believe John is having a problem with this situation," Spock said. Jim folded his arms. He was not sure how to respond to that. He was upset about Bones himself. "So, you gave your first officer time off while we went on this mission?" he asked. "I assumed you and I would be commanding the ship." "What did she think of that?" "She was quite pleased, actually." "Hyperspace is…boring." "Have you spoken with Chancellor Gorkon?" "Not yet, but he has spoken with Admiral Winston, so I don't think I have to talk to him right now." He picked up a data pad to study more about the ship they were in now. "We're gonna be on this thing for three more days. Does it even have a holodeck?" "I do not think they had entertainment in mind when this ship was built." "Are you saying the Klingons never have fun?" "I do not recall ever seeing a holodeck on a Klingon ship, nor in the Great Hall." Jim scowled at that. "Come to think of it, neither have I. Three days of staring into space." "We stared into space for five years, this should be…a piece of cake." Jim almost laughed. "Spock, you're becoming more human all the time." "That is genetically impossible." "Never mind." When the Monstrosity came out of warp at Earth, Jim was standing on the Bridge looking out the viewport. He sighed with relief that they had finally made it. He opened a channel on his communicator. "Mister Spock," he said. "Yes, Admiral." "You can take the Enterprise out as soon as you're ready." "It has been quite a journey." "Yes it has. Solan and I will take care of everything here until Starfleet takes over this thing." "I will deliver the doctor to the hospital." "Thanks." Jim ended that transmission. "Drop the shields, Solan," he said. Solan had become quite talented and familiar with the controls of the ship. Jim had informed the other ship that they could launch as soon as the Enterprise was gone. He saw the Enterprise glide smoothly out of the hangar bay and began orbiting the Earth. Jim blew out a breath as he was glad that Bones would soon be with doctors. He had talked to him a little, but Bones' nerves had been shaking so badly that he could not talk without his voice shaking. "You think Admiral Winston will come up here himself?" Solan asked. "I don't know," Jim replied. "He's very anxious to know more about this ship." "When do I get to leave? I miss Priscilla." "I miss Carol too." "Don't you think it's ironic that the two of us who wanted to get home to someone are stuck on this ship?" "You're just seeing it that way because you're looking at the Earth. We're here because I'm in command of this ship and you're the pilot." Solan was silent a moment. "I guess you could look at it that way if you want to be all formal." Jim chuckled at that. "Don't worry, we'll be out of this thing soon." "It's kinda eerie that we're the only ones left." Jim scowled as he looked out the viewport. "What are the others waiting for?" he asked. "Hail that ship." Solan tried to hail the ship but could not. "I'm not getting a signal." Jim frowned. "Hail the Enterprise." Solan did just that and then looked at Jim. "I can't hail them either…we're being jammed." "By whom?" Just as Jim said that, someone transported onto the Bridge right beside him. Before he could react, they whammed him in the head, knocking him out cold before he hit the deck. Solan found himself looking into the barrel of a blaster held by none other than Duras. "Do not move," Duras said. Solan swallowed hard. He looked at Jim lying on the floor. They had waited until they were vulnerable. "How did you get out of that Brig?" he asked. "They had to lower the shields to transport your beloved doctor to Earth. We were simply patient." Solan knew there would be no one to help them this time. He looked out the viewport just as several birds of prey de-cloaked, and soon after, several more transported onto the Bridge. "Relieve Solan of his post," Duras said. Spock and the others realized something was wrong as they knew someone was transported from the ship, although there was an attempt to cover it up with the transport of Doctor McCoy. "Who transported?" he asked. "It was from the Brig," John said. He looked at Spock. "Someone was transported from the Brig." Spock opened a channel. "Lieutenant Marshall," he said. "What has happened?" "Duras was transported from his cell!" Marshall replied. "And so were the others!" "Hail the Monstrosity." Uhura sent the hail. "I'm not getting a response," she said. "We're being jammed." "Red alert!" The alarm began sounding, and then Helek and Ajah came onto the Bridge. "What's going on?" Helek asked. "I do not know," Spock replied. Just as he said that, he saw the birds of prey decloak. Helek walked closer to the viewport as Korax and Grakar also came onto the Bridge. Helek looked around at Spock. "They have him!" he said. "They must have…" "They knew we would have to lower shields to transport the doctor," Spock said. "What are we going to do?" "Whatever we must. Move the ship into attack position. Uhura, can you reach Starfleet Headquarters?" Uhura tried that. "No. They're jamming us. Surely they'll know something's wrong anyway." "They will, but perhaps not soon enough." The Enterprise met up with the birds of prey. However, they tried to stay close enough to the Monstrosity that it could not fire at them. They could not overcome all the birds of prey as the Monstrosity began to move out of orbit. As it went to warp, the birds of prey followed it. "Follow them!" Spock commanded. "Captain, we're being hailed," Uhura said. "On screen." Admiral Winston appeared on the screen. "What is happening up there, Mister Spock?" he asked. "We haven't been able to contact you or the other ship." "We were being jammed, Admiral." Spock explained what had happened as much as he knew. "They have taken Admiral Kirk. We are about to pursue them." "Captain Spock!" Solan said over the communicator. "Solan, are you still aboard the ship with Jim?" "No. They transported me down to Earth! I don't even know where I am. I think they wanted to make sure I couldn't get any help any time soon, but I had my communicator hidden in my boot. They've got him, Spock!" "I am aware of this. They were jamming our transmissions until they went to warp. We must follow their signature." "Please, don't leave me!" "We are wasting time by trying to locate you." Solan looked around him. "I'm in a forest somewhere! It could take me days to get back!" Spock frowned. "I am sorry, Solan. You will have to get to your ship and track us yourself." "Spock!" Solan knew the transmission had ended. He could understand the urgency but he certainly did not like it. He thought maybe he could get in touch with Priscilla. She would want to find him. He changed the frequency on the communicator and hailed the frequency. "Come on, Babe, answer," he said. Priscilla was aware of what was happening because she had been at Starfleet headquarters waiting for Solan to return. However, she heard her communicator chirp. "Yes?" she answered. "Priscilla! I'm stranded somewhere, and I need you to come and get me," Solan blurted. "I'm on Earth somewhere. I don't know where I am. I don't have a tricorder or anything." "How can I find you?" "My ship. Get my ship." "But, Solan, I am not a pilot." "I've shown you the basics. You can do it. You have to help me. Spock didn't have time to find me. They're going after Admiral Kirk without me." Solan heard what sounded like something between a purr and a meow-like growl. Priscilla still had some of her cat-like features after being put through experiments on Nervala IV where they had rescued her when she looked a lot like a cat, even with the spines of the power cat, but some of it had been reversed so that she looked normal except for her yellowish-green eyes that were rather slanted like a cat, and some of her reflexes and ways were still cat-like. Solan thought that was what attracted him to her…she was different. "I am not certain that I can do this," Priscilla said. Solan was thinking. "Go find Artemus Gordon," he said. "He'll help you. You remember him, don't you?" "Yes, but I am not certain that he will want to help me." "Yes he will. Please, just go find him. I'll try to find something around here that might tell me where I am. Tell him what's happening." "I will find him." Spock and his crew were tracking the Monstrosity through space, even though they had no idea what would happen once they caught up with it. The Enterprise could not combat the ship's ability to disable their shields and to tractor the Enterprise into the hangar bay. He and Uhura were standing on the Bridge. "How do we defeat something like that?" she asked. "We don't even have Mister Gordon aboard to try and figure out something." "We did not have time to collect more people for this mission," Spock replied. "But if we did take the time, we might be more successful. You even left Solan behind." "Solan is not necessary. He is only a friend of ours who wants to be there." "Wouldn't you want to be?" "Are you suggesting that we turn around and create a plan while they take Jim to who knows where?" "The trail will still be there, and Solan will probably know more about where they're going. He knew what planet we were at in Romulan Space. You can't leave your most knowledgeable allies behind." Spock looked out the viewscreen at the swirling white ripples of warp. "Lieutenant Jarvis, reverse our course and take us back to Earth," he said. "You're making the right decision," Uhura assured him. "I thought only of trying to rescue Jim. He is in the hands of tormentors." Uhura hated that too. "But we have to have the right people to find him." Solan was walking through a thick forest that he could see no distinguishing characteristics except that it was green, and so shaded that it was almost cold where he was. It had been a very long time since he was in a forest like this. As he walked, he started to hear running water and soon came out of the trees where there was a small stream. However, it had no sign of which stream it was. He had thought he was lonely in space before, but now he felt like he had dropped completely out of the universe and no one knew where he was. He squatted down to drink some water from the stream. It was definitely cold and made him shiver. He wondered how cold it would get in this forest when night came…and it was close. He could see the shadows were long and the light was already dimmer. He thought about what he wanted to do and figured he should follow the stream…but which way? He decided to follow the way the stream was flowing. It had to come out somewhere. Solan realized how quiet it was out there in those woods. There were no sounds of anything but birds singing and the water running by. Other than that, it was complete silence. He could not understand why Duras did not just kill him or did not take him to use against Jim. He thought they were surely planning to extract information from Jim in the most brutal way possible if they did not even intend to use anyone against him. Jim woke up feeling groggy and not remembering what had happened…at first. He realized he was cuffed to a wall, and he thought it was stun cuffs because he found it hard to concentrate. He definitely felt the ache in his head where… Jim gasped as he started to remember what happened. Now, he knew he was still on the Monstrosity and he was a prisoner. He tried to slide the right cuff over his hand but it was impossible, and it just stunned him again. He wanted to panic, but he knew that would just cause the stun cuffs to knock him out. Just then, Duras came into the Brig. Jim looked up at him doing his best to look defiant instead of afraid. "You won't get away with this," he said. "Who's going to stop me, Admiral Kirk?" Duras asked. "It won't do you any good to torture me!" "You are afraid." "Whatever information you may think you can get from me, they'll change it before you can even use it." "Not everything. You do not know what we plan. Besides, without you, the Klingons will be lost to the Federation." "That's not true. There are others that Chancellor Gorkon knows he can trust, and they will be trying to find you too." "As they have been doing for years. You are their symbol of peace, but once you are wasted away, they will no longer care." "Why are you so afraid of making peace?" "Duras is afraid of nothing." "You're afraid of peace and change. You're so afraid you've kidnapped me thinking that you can use me to stop the peace process. You're afraid of me and what I stand for." Duras glared at him. "I am not afraid of you, Kirk." "Then why do you keep me chained up with stun cuffs?" Jim just stared at him knowing that he was riling the Klingon. "You will learn what you should say soon," Duras said and left the room. Jim rubbed his face and head. They almost felt numb because of the stun cuffs. He could not think like he needed to but he was sure that even if he could, he could not find a way out of this. He did not want to think of what would happen when they got him to wherever they were going…
Solan did not know if he had ever seen such darkness as he was seeing as the sun went down. He had not heard from Priscilla again yet. He was sure she was working to try and do something. Maybe he was just so far out that there were no longer communications. He looked up at the sky…as much as he could see of it…and he could see the outline of the Milky Way. Other than that, he could not see much except the outlines of trees and rocks in the glowing light. He felt like he had stepped onto a totally different planet than Earth. Of course, he knew there were wildernesses, but he was not usually in them. As he walked, he thought maybe he should find a place to sleep, but just as he thought that, his communicator chirped… The Enterprise got back to Earth, and Spock immediately contacted Admiral Winston. "We must locate some of our people before we can go after Admiral Kirk, and we must also form a plan." "Are you sure you'll be able to find him?" Winston asked. Spock was silent a moment. "We will do our best, Sir." "You realize we may never see him again." "I do, but we must try." "Just don't get your crew killed." "I do not intend to put the entire crew in danger." "Mister Spock, I think you're becoming more like Kirk all the time. Just be careful." "Admiral, we must find Solan. He was transported to Earth into an unknown place. He does not know where he is." "We can send out a search party if you know the general area." "We do not. I intend to contact him again. We need his input into this plan, and we also need to know the whereabouts of Artemus Gordon." "I'll get all that information for you. Winston out." Spock sat in the captain's chair. "Uhura, contact Solan." Solan flipped his communicator open. "Yeah?" "Solan, we have returned to Earth to create a plan," Spock said. "We are going to attempt to locate you. Do you have any knowledge of where you are?" "No. All I know is that it's so dark, I can clearly see the Milky Way." Spock considered that. "And you are in a large forest?" "Yeah. I'm following this stream, hoping I'll come out somewhere with some civilization." "What sort of trees do you see?" "Uh…well, there are all sorts of trees. It's kind of a mixture of Oaks and Maples and everything." "None of this is distinguishable." Solan sighed. "It's a big planet. Why didn't you keep following them?" "I realized that we cannot hope to rescue Jim without a plan first. And we must find Mister Gordon to help us to find a way to stop the Monstrosity from draining the Enterprise's shields. Otherwise, we will be captured again." Solan scowled at that. "You think he can do that?" "I hope. Once you have an idea of where you are, contact me." "Yeah. By the way, Priscilla is trying to find a way to locate me, and Mister Gordon may be with her by now. They're gonna use my ship." "I do not believe it is possible to simply locate you without knowing the general area." "They sure knew how to get me lost and keep me lost." "You should attempt to contact the nearest Starfleet base in your area and we can establish the area that way." "Why didn't I think of that?" "Contact me when you have heard from someone." Solan ended that transmission. He rubbed his eyes. "You must be losing it," he said. He switched the frequency on his communicator and started to send a signal, but then he heard something in the woods. He hoped whatever it was had not been tracking him. He moved further down the stream from the sound although he could see nothing. He thought nothing was worse than being hunted for a meal…if that was what was happening here. He was sure whatever it was could see him a whole lot better than he could see it. Spock hailed Solan's ship, and soon got an answer from Priscilla. "Captain Spock," she said. "Mister Gordon and I are searching for Solan." "He told me this," Spock replied. "We need their help in the search for Admiral Kirk." Artie came into the view. "Captain, Priscilla told me what happened," he said. "We must devise a way to keep the Monstrosity from draining the shields from the Enterprise. If we cannot do this, we may have no hope of rescuing the admiral." "I don't know how we could do that without disabling whatever it is aboard their ship that allows them to do that." "It seems that the tractor beam drains the shields. We have not had time to study this although Mister Scott has more knowledge of the ship than I. However, he does not know of all its systems." "We would have to know how it does it before we could stop it." "We will look into this further. You should bring Solan's ship to the Enterprise. We will locate him together. He is contacting a Starfleet post so that we may pinpoint his location." "You don't mind Miss Priscilla coming aboard?" "I have no objections." Just as that transmission ended, the Enterprise received another hail from the planet. This time it was Carol. "Mister Spock, what is going on?" she asked. "Jim has been captured?" "Yes," Spock answered. "I am going with you. I have developed a new weapon that may be of use against that Monstrosity!" "You are welcome aboard, Doctor. And you should discuss your weapon parameters with Mister Scott, as well as Mister Gordon." "I will be glad to. It's time we destroyed this threat!" "Destroying that ship is not our first priority." "I know that." "I will be expecting you onboard the ship." "I will be there soon." Spock thought with all this help, they might be able to find a way to defeat that ship and find Jim. He just hoped they could find him before he was badly damaged. "Spock, we're being hailed again," Uhura said. "On screen." This time the hail had come from Hikaru Sulu who was now the captain of the Excelsior. "Mister Spock," he said. "I understand we have a problem." "We do," Spock replied. "Wouldn't two ships be better than one?" Spock considered that. "I am not certain, but you are welcome to come aboard the Enterprise to discuss our plans." "I'd be glad to. Do you have any idea where they've taken him?" "We believe they would take him to Romulan space. That is where we ended up before we were able to stop the ship." "I've been keeping track of this string of events as much as I could. I believe they think that peace will be impossible without Admiral Kirk." "I agree." "And they could be right. This civil war among the Klingons and Romulans seems like it's impossible to stop it because of the differences of opinion." "We will do what we can." "I'll transport over to the ship as soon as you're ready. We just got back from a mission." "I will alert Mister Scott." Once everyone was aboard, they met in the conference room: Spock, Carol, Artie, Sulu, John, Korax, Grakar, and Scotty. Uhura was waiting for Solan to contact them… "No matter what we do now, they will arrive at their destination long before we do," Spock said. "Therefore, we must assume that Admiral Kirk will be injured. Our first priority is to rescue him, and that is what we are here to discuss. However, in order to do that, we must find a way to defeat that ship." "I don't think we'll be able to get aboard again," Sulu said. "Unless I take my ship there as a distraction. They haven't seen my ship." "They would still know the Enterprise is there." "Perhaps we should take a Klingon ship," Grakar suggested. "They would not suspect that one of our ships is carrying all of you." "Wait," Gordon interrupted. "If we could figure out how to make a cloaking device fit the Enterprise and work with our technology, we could cloak the ship." "Is this possible?" Spock asked. "And how long would it take?" Gordon frowned. "I don't know, but with Korax and Grakar helping me and maybe other Klingons, perhaps we can work quicker." "Whatever we do has to be done before we leave Earth." "The cloaking device must be integrated into the shielding system," Grakar said. "I believe it would be wise to find out where they found the technology that has been integrated into that ship. If we could speak to the creators of that technology, they could help us know how to defeat it." "But would they?" "Wait a moment," Carol interrupted. "We're talking about things that will take too much time. We have to go after Jim as soon as possible. I have developed a weapon that can penetrate those layers of shielding on that ship. It will not be easy but it can be done." "Can it be fired while the ship is cloaked?" "In theory, but we've never had a cloaked ship." Scotty shook his head. "We don't have time for all this," he declared. "While we're sitting here debating, they're getting closer to their destination. It could take days to get all this working." "Mister Scott, it would be better to have what we need when we go after them than to get there and fail at rescuing Jim," Spock said. "We cannot hope to rescue him if we have no way of defeating that ship." "Perhaps we do," Priscilla said as she sat at the end of the table. "Explain." "Do you remember the shielding that was present on the ships of Nervala Four?" "We did not get a chance to study that particular technology." "But Helek did." Spock considered that. "Those shields were biological in nature, were they not?" "I believe they were, and the weapons as well." Sulu looked at Spock. "That could be our answer if we have any readings from that technology. Even that Monstrosity doesn't have that technology." Scotty was still skeptical. "But that will take time," he said. "Then we must work as quickly as possible," Spock declared. "Perhaps someone in the galaxy knows of this technology since many come and go from Nervala Four." "Alright. What if they don't want to help us?" "Perhaps they will want to help Admiral Kirk. They would know how to help you." "How do we know we can even trust them?" "Mister Scott, we could debate all day, and the rest of our lives, but it comes to this: we must find a way to defeat that ship in order to rescue our friend or he will likely die an excruciating death at the hands of his captors. You remember how Admiral Pike suffered. I fear that Jim's suffering will be even worse." Scotty swallowed hard, but then he nodded. "You know I'll do everything I can, Sir." "Good. We will use everything we have discussed in this room. I want to speak with Helek as well, and I am hoping that we can find Solan soon." Solan sat beside a tree. He was shivering, just glad that he had long sleeves on his Starfleet uniform shirt. He had gotten away from whatever was in the woods and had tried to contact someone from Starfleet. He was waiting now. "Come in, anyone from Starfleet," he said into the communicator. "This is Solan. I'm lost. I need help!" He listened again and heard some static, and then a voice. "This is Starfleet outpost three. Did you say you're lost?" "Yes, I'm lost. I'm from the Enterprise. I was aboard…" "The Enterprise? Were you involved in that mission they just came back from?" "Yes. I was transported here by the rogue Klingon, Duras. I'm in the middle of the wilderness. Can you trace this signal and tell me where I am?" There was silence a moment. "Your signal is very weak, but you're in the middle of the Susquehannock Forest." "Well, I kinda knew I was in the middle of the woods. Just exactly where is that forest?" "Pennsylvania." Solan's mouth dropped open. "Thanks." He ended that transmission and signaled the Enterprise again. "I'm receiving a signal from Solan again," Uhura said on the Bridge of the Enterprise. Spock pressed the intercom button. "Solan, have you found out your location?" he asked. "I'm in Pennsylvania!" Solan replied. "In the middle of the Susque…whatever! I'm in the middle of a big forest!" "We will be able to locate you now that we have a general area to scan. Keep your communicator active." "Don't worry. I'm ready to get out of here. It's dark as a dungeon." "In my experience, dungeons are not dark." "It's just an expression." Scotty went to the transporter room and began his scan over the area where Solan was. "I'm getting a weak signal," he said. "Just about to get him." Soon, Solan was appearing on the transporter pad. He sighed with relief. "I sure am glad I don't have to walk out of there," he said. "Right now, we have to get back in there to the meeting." They both went to the conference room, being joined by Ajah and Helek. "Hey, I didn't know y'all were gonna have me a welcome home party," Solan remarked, but then he realized Priscilla was there a second before she kissed him. "That's a good welcome." "Solan, this is serious," John said. "Sorry." They all sat down. "So do you have any plans yet?" Solan asked. "We're still in the beginning stages of that," Scotty said. They brought Solan up to date on what they had discussed. "You think you can find anyone who knows how to create that?" he asked. "Not yet," Spock replied. "But we are searching." "At least we're not in danger of the window closing this time." "I have a question about that," Helek spoke up. "Don't you want to know how they created that technology before you go using it? I mean, if it was created by using innocent victims as guinea pigs, are you still going to use it?" They all looked toward Spock for an answer to that. He considered that question. "I do not see how shielding could be created from living beings," he said. "I know that the rulers of that planet were using unethical and inhuman practices. However, these shields and weapons could not have human elements." "But they did," Sulu said. "Don't you remember? They left the same signature as what Jerah left in that ship." "Yeah, and we have all that data in the computer banks," Gordon replied. "Are you actually suggesting that we create something like that?" Helek asked as his eyes were starting to light up. "Now, don't start that. If we do, it would only be a mimic. We're not barbarians. We would have to figure out how to use that technology." "Not only that, but if we want to learn how to cloak this ship, it's going to take time!" Scotty declared. Spock was silent a moment. "First, you will work with the Klingons to create a cloaking device for the Enterprise. Carol, you will find a way to integrate your weapon into the Enterprise. Mister Gordon, you will also find a way to enhance the shields when the ship is decloaked using the information we gathered from the ships on Nervala Four. We must work fast." "My weapon would be carried in the shuttle bay," Carol said. "It is a ship itself." "We must discuss this further. Everyone dismissed."
Jim woke up feeling very groggy. He was still being held by the stun cuffs but he had had nothing to eat all the time he had been there, and he knew they had been at warp…he was not sure how long. It was very hard to think and concentrate with the stun cuffs on. He had tried to be as still as possible but the cuffs still kept him feeling like he was halfway stunned. Now, his backbone felt completely numb as well as his hands and feet. He thought they had dropped out of warp now. He was just glad they had not neglected to take him to the bathroom. Jim lay there wondering what would happen next. He had been alone in there the whole time, except when they took him to the bathroom, which had been only once a day. Right now, he wondered if he could even stand up. Soon, he heard the door of the Brig being opened. He just lay there without moving, and someone walked up right beside him. Jim looked up to see the captain of the other ship that had been taken captive with the Enterprise. "Well, Admiral, it looks like you're in a lot of trouble," he said. "I guess you don't feel so tough now, do you?" "You're in league with Duras?" Jim asked feeling like his mouth was not working very well. "It pays well." "But you were prisoners." "Not really." "What good do you get out of this?" "What is everyone after? Money, power…the usual things." Jim wondered if he was comprehending that right. He just closed his eyes. If that idiot thought he would prosper from helping Duras, he deserved whatever he got. "You would be wise to tell Duras whatever he wants to know," the other said. "I don't think so," Jim replied. Just then, a Klingon arrived. "You should get back to your own ship," he said to the captain of the other ship. "You are not needed here." The Klingon took the stun cuffs off Jim and got him up over his shoulder. Jim wondered where he was being taken but he did not have the strength to resist at the moment. He wanted to let himself sink into the despair of hopelessness, but he could not. There had to be a way. No, he did not believe in no-win scenarios. He had managed to get out of tight situations, but he had always had his crew to help him. This time, they were not here. They most likely had no idea where he was…he did not even know. At the moment, he had a hard time knowing just how much time had passed since he had been put into that Brig. Jim thought he must have passed out for a few moments because the next thing he knew, he was roughly lain onto a table…or was it a torture rack? He was not sure. He still felt the effects of being in those stun cuffs for so long. He could do nothing as they strapped him down to the table. Duras stood beside him. "Well, Admiral Kirk, it seems that the tables have turned into my favor," he said. Jim just stared at him. He hoped this feeling of numbness would go away soon so he could think. "You will wake up soon," Duras said. "But you will wish you hadn't. You will beg to tell us anything we want to know." Jim just looked up at the ceiling of the place which looked rather green and there were windows at the top. He thought it must be dark wherever they were because he could see nothing out those windows. He heard the doors close and he was plunged into darkness, alone…at least he thought he was alone. "Just tell them what they want to know, Kirk," a rough-sounding voice said. "You won't gain anything by resisting. Eventually, they'll get what they want. Whatever you tell them won't do them any good. That Nausicaan loves to torture humans just to see how much you can take." Jim wondered if he was hearing things. The voice sounded strange, but familiar at the same time. He felt very tired. Perhaps after he slept he would feel better. Spock and the others with him, including Sulu and some from his crew, were at Caleb IV, which was the space station right outside Klingon Space. They had not been able to track the Monstrosity very far after so much time had passed. However, they had been talking to the Klingons and to people on this space station. Grakar had found more information from the Klingons. "There has been a build-up of Romulan birds of prey," Grakar reported. "However the Romulan Star Empire claims they have no knowledge of where that ship is. I do not know whether I trust them or not." "The Empire does not seem to have anything to do with this situation," Spock replied. "They are not in league with Duras and his band of outlaws. Nor do they have any interest in capturing Admiral Kirk. However, they believed that the Federation was responsible for destroying the outposts. It was quite difficult for Admiral Winston to convince them that we did not destroy our own outposts, and it was even more difficult for them to convince Admiral Winston that they did not do it." "You know who is responsible. He only wanted to start another Romulan War with the Federation." "Exactly. I have spoken to Admiral Winston and with the Romulans. At the moment, they are quiet." "Duras would go so far as to start a war. He is not going to take no for an answer when Admiral Kirk refuses to cooperate." "I realize this. It is why Solan has taken some with him to Magus Three." Grakar scoffed at that. "Such an outlaw planet as that. He may not even return." "We have gone to that planet before to find information. It is where we first met Korax." "I realize this. He was only there to stop Duras and the others from finding the colony. However, those Klingons have returned to Kronos." "I have been told that many Klingons are scattered in the galaxy to escape the war." "Many of them are cowards. They do not fight for their own world." "I suppose there are times when the fighting becomes overwhelming and one simply wants to have peace." "Have you received any contact from Solan?" "Not yet, but we will. He has only been gone two days." Solan, Doctor McCoy, Korax, Priscilla, and Carol had gone to Magus III. Bones had recovered from his injuries in time to find out what had happened and had informed Spock that they would not be leaving him behind, although Spock had not thought he should come along after going through such a bad experience. Solan had protested taking Priscilla and Carol there, but they had informed him that they were not afraid. "You will be before we get off that miserable planet," Solan declared. "Do you have any idea what kind of people live on this planet? If you call it living on it…they're just hiding on it." "Are you going to continue arguing with us?" Carol asked. "I know you're worried about Jim. I can't imagine how you feel, but getting yourself into this kind of trouble won't help him. There was no reason for anyone to come but me." "You know, I think Ajah should create a holonovel about your life," Bones said. "It would be very interesting. Maybe we'd all find out just where all in the galaxy you've been." "Don't try to change the subject." "I'm not. I'm just wondering how you're going to get information in this place. It didn't turn out too well the last time we were here. They know you here." Solan folded his arms. "When you're a smuggler, you go to some pretty bad places. Yeah, I've been here more times than one." "I get the feeling you've been on the outside of the law plenty of times." "Not so you'd know it. Anyway, I don't think they should go in there." "We're not going to look like Starfleet officers," Bones reminded him. "And…Jim isn't with us this time." He frowned even saying that because he wished he was. They remembered how Jim had been recognized on this planet before just because of his demeanor. Carol folded her arms. "Excuse me," she said and went to another room in Solan's ship which they had come there in. "You didn't have to bring that up," Solan said. Bones sighed. "I can't help but think about it," he replied. He rubbed his temples. He had a nerve that caused his eye to feel like it was twitching sometimes, especially when he was upset. "Maybe they won't recognize us this time." Bones went to find Carol. He knocked on the door, and she opened it promptly. "I'm sorry I said that," he said. "Sometimes I just don't think before I talk. It's my worst flaw…maybe." "It was so hard to tell Alex that I was going to pick up his father and try to convince him that nothing was wrong, when we were waiting for him," Carol said. Bones leaned on the door entrance. "I'm sorry. I guess he stayed with Jim's mom." Carol nodded. "I had to tell her. How could a peace mission turn into this?" "We're dealing with people who don't want peace. They just see Jim as their enemy." "Is it really worth it to try and make a difference with these beings?" Bones could not deny that he had asked that question. "I don't know, but as long as the Chancellor wants to try, we can't just ignore it, can we?" "What will they do to him, Doctor McCoy?" Bones did not want to answer that question. "We just can't give up. That's why we're on this planet." "I'm going out there with Solan, and someone is going to tell me where they are if they know…and I dare anyone to refuse to tell something." "Well, Solan is in charge of this mission…" "I don't care. I'm not a member of the Enterprise crew, nor one of Solan's subordinates." "Yes, Ma'am. I suggest you get into some different attire." "Don't worry." Carol closed the door back and Bones went back to Solan. "You might as well not argue with Carol," Bones said. "She's going out there whether you want her to or not." "I might as well not say anything," Solan replied. "Let's just get this business underway." Carol came to the back of the ship dressed in a black outfit with a long coat over it, and she was also wearing a hat that looked similar to the one Jim had worn when he was on that planet. It was not only similar, it was the same hat. Solan just stood there a moment. "Well, miss weapons expert, I suppose you're not going to tell us what you're concealing in that coat," he said. "Not a chance," Carol replied. "They're still gonna know you're a woman." "That's not a fact that I'm trying to hide. Are we going, or are we going to continue to debate?" Priscilla was dressed in much the same way and she had let her nails grow out into claws again. She had to keep them cut often because they grew like a cat's claws. "I do not advise anyone to make any unwanted advances," she said. Bones had on his disguise like the last time they were there, and Korax did not care who knew who he was. "Alright, let's go," Solan said, but he looked at Carol and Priscilla. "You can call me a little old fashioned, but I just don't like putting you in danger. Jim would kill me." "He's not here to kill you," Carol replied. "That's why we're going. Now, are you leading, or shall I?" Solan pressed the button to lower the boarding ramp. "Ugh, I can see they haven't cleaned this place up any since the last time we were here," Bones remarked and pulled his hat down. They all disembarked and Solan locked the ship up. They were inside a hangar that was very dimly lit with one bulb that could hardly bring any light into the gloom. They walked over to the door of the hangar and the smell of the place was even stronger when Solan opened the door. "How does anyone stay on this planet?" Bones asked. "They're not here for luxury," Solan said. "They're here to hide." "I think I'd rather hide on some planet better than this one. Maybe in a forest somewhere." "Trust me, you don't want to be in the middle of a forest." "I wouldn't mind it if I knew where I was." They walked out into the muddy street…or who knew if it was a street. There were dim lights hanging here and there but it was dark. "Why do we always have to be here when it's dark and just rained?" Bones asked. "It's a gloomy planet," Solan replied. "Just relax." "I just hope we don't get into a conflict with Kyarn again." They could hear loud music playing that sounded like something from 1980's Earth heavy metal. As they neared the bar where Kyarn stayed, the music was so loud, they wondered how anyone ever heard each other. "You guys try not to be conspicuous while I try to get information," Solan said. Korax was sure he would draw attention, but he did not care. He was not accustomed to hiding. They walked on into the bar, and they definitely got some attention. Carol pretended to hang on Doctor McCoy's arm, while Priscilla went with Solan. He made his way over to the weapon's bar where Kyarn was, as usual, honing a blade on a large knife. This one had a twin blade, and Solan was sure Kyarn had made that weapon himself. Kyarn's face still had that permanent scowl, and the spikes that stuck out of the top of his head looked like they had been sharpened as well. He glared at Solan. "What are you doing here?" he asked angrily. "I'm looking for information," Solan replied. Kyarn leaned on the bar. "I wouldn't help you for any amount of money that you could muster. You best get out of here before you're carried out…permanently." "Is that any way to talk to a guest?" Solan asked. "I haven't forgotten the last time you were here with that Starfleet captain. You still running around with him?" "There you go with that Starfleet word again. Who I run around with is none of your business." "It is when you come in here." Solan leaned on the bar, closer to Kyarn than he would have liked. "Look, you know those rogue Klingons, and those Romulans and Nausicaans," he said. "You know what they like to do to people." Kyarn frowned. Even he was not that cruel. He sat down on his stool and just looked at Solan. "I don't owe you anything, Solan," he said. "I know you don't, but Kirk won that fight fair. He didn't even come back here and clean your clock." "What do you want? A thank you?" "Can't you just tell me what you know about where those Klingons are hiding before it's too late for him?" "So they have him?" "Yeah, they have him. They don't like it because he's trying to bring peace between the Klingon Empire and the Federation. Even you should be able to see the benefits of that." "You're breaking my heart." "Kyarn, I've done business with you before, and you know I was on the level." Solan pointed toward Carol. "You see that woman over there? That's his wife, and he has a little boy back on Earth who wants to see his daddy come home. Don't you have a shred of human decency under all that hardware?" Kyarn's permanent scowl seemed to deepen even further. "He has a kid?" he asked. "Yeah. What do you think is going to happen to Kirk if you don't help us find him?" "How do you know I know anything?" "Even if you don't, you know someone who does…or might know." "All I hear is rumors around here, Solan." "And a lot of them turn out to be truth," Solan replied. "You seem to have mellowed out some since I was here last." "I don't have any quarrels with you. Why don't you just get out of here before someone thinks I'm getting soft? If they have Kirk, you most likely won't want to see him after they're done with him." "Kyarn, help us." Kyarn leaned on the bar again. "I'm only doing it for the kid," he said. "You know anything about the Vodrey Nebula?" "I've heard of it," Solan replied. "There's a planet in that Nebula that no one knows about, and you'll have a hard time finding it…I guarantee that's where your captain is…or admiral as I hear it now." Solan scowled at Kyarn. "You hear everything out here, don't you?" he asked. "I'll just say that Kirk is quite a news subject. After all, he didn't arrest us, and he did stop that Totrak from coming here causing trouble." Kyarn paused a moment. "It won't be easy to get through that nebula." "Well, we've been in worse situations with nebulas…or at least, they have." "I know someone who knows the way to that planet." "Who?" "You don't have a chance. I heard about that ship they have. They've even come out here and captured ships." "We've faced it before, and we have a plan this time. Tell me." "Go over there to Nisco's place. There's a guy who hangs around in there named Virnax. Tell him I sent you over there. He knows where that planet is. He's even been there." "Why was he there?" "He used to work on that Nausicaan ship until they got in league with those Romulans and Klingons. He was in it for the money and technology." "So he's less than honest." "I wouldn't say he's not honest, but I wouldn't say he is either." Solan scoffed at that. "Right. Well, thanks for the information." Solan turned to leave. "Solan," Kyarn said. "I hope you find him…even if it is just so he can come here and fight again." "Thanks," Solan replied, rolling his eyes, wondering if he had ever heard Kyarn say anything in a joking manner. Korax and the others joined them as they walked out of the bar. "This place is a lot calmer since the last time we were here," Solan said. "It's still full of outlaws," Bones replied. "So what did you find out from Spikehead?" "That Jim's most likely on a planet in the Vodrey Nebula. He also directed us to a guy who knows right where that planet is." "It's inside the nebula?" "Yes." "How would they take that large ship in there?" Carol asked. "Don't ask me," Solan said. "Kyarn knows what he's talking about." "I think you overstated the dangers on this planet. No one has made one pass at me." "Me neither," Priscilla added. "I didn't even have to show my claws." "Ha, ha," Solan said. "Let's just get over here and find Virnax." They went over to another bar which looked like just a shack like everything else on the planet. It was dimly lit on the inside and had graffiti painted all over the walls, and someone was painting when they walked in. Although Carol and Priscilla did not get much attention in the other bar, that was not the case in this one. They all split up like last time, and Solan went over to the bar to talk to Nisco. Bones and Carol found a table to sit at but they were getting some very curious stares. "You best act like I'm your woman," Carol said. "Or you might just have a fight on your hands." "And just how do I do that?" Bones asked. "Jim would skin me alive and then pick at what was left if I kissed you." "We're under cover, and his life depends on it." "Go kiss Korax." "I'm with you. And who said anything about kissing? Put your arm around me." Bones put his arm around Carol's waist and they pretended to be whispering to each other, and she even giggled as she put her arms around his neck. "Hey, maybe we'll draw enough attention that no one will pay much attention to what Solan is doing," Bones whispered. "Maybe we should order a drink." "Why don't you do that?" Carol whispered in his ear. Bones did not like this position he was in. He was glad to get the attention of an actual waiter. He would not have thought anyone would be waiting tables in this place. Solan scowled at Bones and Carol who had definitely drawn some attention away from him. He remembered when Carol had pretended to be his girl when she went with him undercover. They had almost gotten into trouble with a dangerous bounty hunter that time. This time, she was giving a very good impression of being attached to Doctor McCoy. Solan moved over to Nisco after the person before him left. "What'll you have?" Nisco asked. "Information," Solan replied. Nisco frowned. "What kind of information do you want, Solan?" Priscilla put her hands on her hips just wondering how all these people knew Solan so well. He glanced at her as he went on with his conversation with Nisco. "Kyarn sent me over here and said you know a guy named Virnax," Solan said. "He's supposed to know how to get to a certain planet I need to find." "I thought you knew how to get everywhere, Solan." "Come on, Nisco. Where's Virnax?" "What planet are you looking for?" "It's an unknown planet located in the Vodrey Nebula." Nisco pursed his lips a moment. "I've heard of that planet," he said. "Why would you want to go there?" "That's my business. Now, where is Virnax?" "He's right over there sitting in the dark corner like always. I'd approach with caution if I were you." Solan looked over at the corner and he could definitely see someone sitting over there, and also noticed that they were looking right at him. "Thanks," Solan said. He and Priscilla started over to the table that Virnax sat at. As they approached the table, Virnax stuck a knife into the table. "That's close enough," he said. "Who are you?" "I'm Solan. I wanted to talk to you. Kyarn said you could help me." "Kyarn?" "Yeah. He said you could help me find a planet I'm looking for." Virnax was silent a moment and then pulled the knife out of the table and gestured to the seat on the other side of the table. Solan and Priscilla sat down on that side of the table and could finally see who they were talking to. Virnax had green eyes and short, dark hair and a beard. Perhaps his most noticeable feature was that he had a scar that ran down the right side of his face and down his neck as well. He was muscular, which was evident since he was wearing short sleeves. He stared at Priscilla a moment. "So, what planet are you looking for?" he asked and looked at Solan. "It doesn't have a name, but it's located in the Vodrey Nebula," Solan said. Virnax frowned. "What would you want to go there for?" "We believe a friend of ours has been taken there by Duras and his crowd." Virnax took a deep breath and sat there a moment. He sipped the drink he had as though he were just tasting it. "You have any idea what goes on there?" he asked. "Can you help us find that planet or not?" "Who is this friend of yours?" "Admiral Jim Kirk. You heard of him?" Virnax set his glass down. "Who hasn't?" he asked. "If Duras has him, you probably wouldn't want to see him." "That's why we need to find this planet now! Help us find him!" "And what would I get for my trouble? Arrested?" "Admiral Kirk will speak for anyone who helps him. Since you're on this miserable excuse for a planet, I assume you don't have any better offers. You used to run with those Nausicaans?" Virnax hesitated a moment. "I did…for money," he said. "Then that Duras got them involved in his agenda. They don't like the Federation either because of their illegal activities. They were all too ready to help Duras, and he was ready to take them on because they can be very cruel when they want. It took me three months to get away from them, and now I stay here because no one here is going to betray me." "We wouldn't betray you either. I could even use a co-pilot on my ship when I ever get back to Earth. I do deliveries." "So, you think I can just transfer into the honest life?" "Why not? I did. And I owe that to Admiral Kirk. Help us find him." Virnax scowled at him. He could even see that Solan meant what he was saying. "Even if we found him, he might be…dead, or might be better off dead." "I don't care if I have to carry his dead body out. I won't leave my friend. Captain Spock is waiting for us. We have a plan, but we have to find that planet. Do you believe they're there?" "Most likely. It's not easy to find that planet. The Nebula is always changing. That's why it is such a good hiding place." "Will you help us or not?" "You've seen that big ship, haven't you?" "We have. Admiral Kirk calls it the Monstrosity." Virnax snorted at that. "That's a good one," he said. "You figured out how to stop that thing?" "We've been working on that. We've acquired some different technologies over the years too, and we have an inventor on our ship, plus Klingon friends who have helped. We just have to find them." "You seem confident." "Look, if you've heard of Admiral Kirk, you know that he and his crew have accomplished a lot and have gotten out of some sticky situations, even escaped from that ship, almost took it over." "Yeah…almost." Virnax was silent a moment. "Alright, Solan, I'll help you find it, but I'm not promising anything else." Solan stood up. "Come on then," he said. "We'll explain more to you later." Virnax just sat there a moment but then he stood up, and he was as tall as Solan. He looked at Priscilla thinking that she was mighty pretty. Solan grabbed her hand feeling jealous. "Come on," he said. Virnax chuckled at that, and he noticed that three others joined them as they were going out the door, including a Klingon. "Guys, this is Virnax," Solan said. "He knows where Jim is." Carol looked at Virnax. "Where?" she asked. "You sure got some pretty women in this outfit," Virnax remarked. Bones cleared his throat. "This is Jim's wife," he said. "Really? Coulda fooled me." "What is that supposed to mean?" "Hey, let's get to the ship," Solan said. "You guys can argue then." They went to the hangar where Solan's ship was, and found Kyarn waiting for them. "What are you doing here?" Solan asked. "I thought you could use some more help," Kyarn replied. Solan scowled at that. "You?" "Hey…do you want my help or not?" "What do you get out of it?" "Nothing. I just don't like the idea of that little kid waiting for his dad to come home." Bones' mouth dropped open. "I wouldn't have even thought you had a heart in there," he declared. "After the way you treated Jim!" "Hold it," Solan interrupted. "You're not seriously thinking of taking him with us! You can't trust him!" "He helped me find Virnax here." "I don't care! I don't trust him! He let that Klingon fight Jim, almost kill him!" "But I didn't plan that fight," Kyarn said. "Your admiral went along with that!" "You wanted to fight us before that!" Bones and Kyarn stepped closer to each other. "We don't have time for this debate!" Carol said. "The longer we take here, the more damage they can do to Jim!" Kyarn drew out his new creation, the twin bladed knife. "I'd like to use this for something good," he said. "Besides, your admiral wasn't so bad." "He's not bad at all!" Bones snapped. "Doctor, would you mind?" Solan asked. "You can't take this outlaw with us! We'll be having to make sure he's not betraying us! Why is he all of a sudden wanting to help?" Solan blew out a breath. "I'm losing control of this situation," he said. "You've never had control! You're too trusting." "Shut up! This is my ship! If I want to take them on it, I will. Spock will decide if we take their help! Now, get in there!" Bones frowned but he went on into the hangar. They all went in and boarded the ship. Bones sat in a seat with his arms folded. "Everyone get strapped in," Solan said. They were soon rocketing away from Magus III. Carol did not care who helped them as long as they got Jim back…they just had to…
Jim awakened to see that light was streaming in through the windows in the top of the ceiling. For a moment, he did not know where he was, but then he remembered. He realized he was strapped down to a table, and he was incredibly hungry and thirsty. He tried to move but could not. His hands and feet no longer felt numb. He struggled harder but it was no use. He was just wasting energy and breath. "You feeling less numb now?" someone asked. Jim looked around the large room he was in, but he did not see anyone. "Who's there?" he asked. "Doesn't matter. All they care about is you now, Admiral Kirk." "How do you know me?" The other chuckled slightly. "I knew you quite well, Kirk. Never thought you would even make it to captain, let alone admiral." "How do you know that? How long have you been here?" "I'm not sure how long I've been here." "What? Who are you?" "Tell them what they want to know, Kirk. It will make this easier for you. Whatever you tell them won't hurt the Federation." "What do you mean?" "When they realized you were captured, they changed the codes. They learned that way back when Nero attacked." "You're in Starfleet?" "Not so's you'd know it anymore." "They captured you?" Suddenly, realization came to Jim. "Are you an admiral?" "I was." "Admiral…Carson?" "Kirk, you always could think better than anyone I ever saw." "You've been here all this time?" "After a while, you forget about time and just about everything." "Where are you?" "Just sitting here." "Can you get me out of this?" "I can't do much of anything. You finished your five-year mission, I assume?" "Yes sir. Admiral, we didn't know what happened to you." "Oh, don't fret about that, Kirk. I know. From what I've heard around here, you've stirred up the whole Klingon Empire. I have to admit, I never saw you as a negotiator." "I can't say I see myself as one now." "You always were more than you thought. It's what makes you a good captain. Admiral Pike sure always saw it." Jim pulled at his restraints. "No use struggling," Carson said. "You can't escape. Just do what I said, and tell them what they want to know." "I can't do that." "If you don't…well, you'll never leave here able to do what you've always done." "What did they do to you?" Jim asked. "Doesn't matter anymore." Just then, Jim heard someone unlocking the door. He struggled with his restraints as his fear tried to overcome him. Duras came in along with a Nausicaan and two others. "Well, Admiral Kirk," Duras said. "Are you awake now?" Jim was trying not to look afraid, but he was not sure he was succeeding. He could feel his heart pounding. Duras suddenly grabbed him by the jaw. "Are you ready to tell us anything we want to know?" he asked. "The security codes for Earth for starters." Jim turned his head to jerk away from Duras's hand, but Duras backhanded him across the face and slammed his head down on the table. "You may try to rebel, but it will do you no good," Duras said. "You think you're so brave!" Jim exclaimed. "You tie me down to this table so I can't move! You're a coward!" Duras grabbed him by the throat and leaned over him. "We will see what comes out your mouth when Jaer is done with you!" he said. He looked toward Jaer. "Break his leg." Jim tried to struggle but he felt someone grab hold of his left leg. He tried to tell himself that he would not scream but it was impossible with the explosion of pain he felt. Next, he was taken loose and thrown into the floor where Duras kicked him at least three times. Jim was not sure, but then Duras squatted beside him. "I will give you time to consider your answers, Admiral Kirk," he said. "Then I will turn you over to my associates." They all left the room again. Jim lay there a moment wondering if he could endure anymore of that. He managed to get up onto his hands and knees and sat down beside the wall. He groaned as he felt the pain in his leg and his abdomen and ribs. He felt sick but he knew there was nothing in his stomach. "Now, you're injured," Carson said. "They won't stop. You must tell them what they want to know." Jim was trying to get a handle on the pain he felt. "Is that what you did?" he asked. "No, and I don't want you to end up like this. If you tell them what they want to know, you can pretend to betray the Federation." "I won't! I won't let my friends think I'm a traitor!" "I said pretend." "I don't care!" "Come over here, Kirk. I cannot come to you, but you can come to me right now. Come and see what will happen to you if you do not tell them what they want to know." Jim looked that way but he could not see anyone. He groaned as he got to his hands and knees and began crawling that way. His leg felt like he was walking on it anyway. "Where are you?" he asked. "Just keep moving this way, Kirk." Jim stopped a moment. He was not sure he wanted to see but he went on anyway. Soon he came to a small area that looked like a closet, but there was no door, and inside it was a small cage. Jim could barely see into the cage for a moment because it was rather dark there, but then he saw two eyes looking at him which looked like they were contained in a skeleton. He realized the rest of the body that was attached to that head looked the same way, and the arms and legs were all bent in unnatural angles and so was the back. Jim almost felt sick and he backed away and sat beside the wall. "Tell them, Kirk," Carson said. Jim wondered how Carson was still living. "Do they feed you?" he asked trying not to let his voice tremble. "Only enough to keep me alive before, but now, they don't care. My time is almost over." "If I get out of here, we'll…" "No! If you get out of here, don't you even consider coming back for me. You get out of here and destroy this place." "What happened on Lemma Two?" "It was so long ago." "Did they take you out of the building before the explosion?" "They did. They transported into the building and took me hostage. I didn't know there was an explosion." "Yes. Doctor McCoy was injured, could have been killed. We knew they had taken you but we didn't know where. Do you know where we are?" "No. I have heard them speak of a nebula. They don't think I hear anymore I guess." Jim turned back around and looked into the cage. "I wish…" "No wishing, no regretting, no feeling guilty. You just let them know what happened to me…at least, now someone will know." "Admiral?" Jim realized Carson was dead. He hated that he could not help him. Right now, he had to figure out how to help himself. They had not restrained him again. He supposed they thought he could not get anywhere with a broken leg…and they could be right. It certainly ached and throbbed and the throbbing seemed to get worse as time ticked by. However, it was not a pain that would keep him totally incapacitated. He looked around the area he was sitting in. He could think now but he did not see a way out of this place. He crawled around what seemed to be an island of tables in the middle of the room and made it around to the door which he discovered had an electronic lock. Jim pulled himself up to stand on his right leg and looked at the lock on the door. It had to have a code put in. He leaned on the wall. He could not get that image of Carson in that cage out of his mind. He thought of Carol and Alex. He did not want to die here in this place. Suddenly, Jim heard a beep. He scrambled away from the door and tried to hide among the tables as he heard heavy footfalls. He listened, wondering what they would do to him. "You cannot hide from us, Kirk," Duras said. Jim knew they would find him but he could not make himself move out into their view. He looked around him for something he could use as a weapon, but there was nothing. He wished he could rip a metal pole off one of the tables, but without something to take screws out, he could not do it. He would think about that when he was down here again. Suddenly, his captors looked around the side of the table he was hiding behind. Jim wanted to try and get away from them, but they grabbed him and dragged him out and held him up on his feet. Duras grabbed him by the jaw and jerked him closer to him. "Are you willing to cooperate yet?" he asked. Jim just glared at him. "Never!" he said. Duras almost hissed at him and then punched him so hard, Jim wondered if it broke his jaw. He landed hard in the floor but he did not stay there long as he was jerked back up. Duras shoved him at the two Romulans. Jim could not keep his balance of course because of his broken leg. "He's all yours," Duras said to the two Romulans. "If you still refuse after this, it will be Jaer's turn." Duras left the room, and the two Romulans beat Jim mercilessly and left him lying on the floor. He watched them close the door, and he wondered if they had broken all of his ribs. He wondered why he had not passed out yet. It would be better than lying there like he was. He was not even going to try to get up because he knew it would be impossible. How would Spock and the others ever find him? He knew they would be searching. The Enterprise came out of warp at the Vodrey Nebula where the hidden planet was. Virnax knew where the planet had been within the nebula before, but the nebula was always changing so it would not be the same, although it would still be in the same vicinity. The planet had no name because it was not one that many people knew of…except those who lived on the edge of civilization. The Klingons had succeeded at creating a cloaking device that worked with the shields on the Enterprise. Since they had found technology like that on Altamid, they had analyzed that to configure with the shields along with the Klingon technology. "Activate the cloaking device," Spock said as he sat in the Captain's chair. He had decided not to take Kyarn's help, and returned him to his planet, thanking him for the offer. "Activating now," Artemus Gordon replied. Sulu sat at the helm and the screen began flashing "Cloaking Device Active". "It's working, Sir," Sulu said. "According to this reading." "Hey, if it says it's working, it's working," Gordon said over the intercom. "Well, I've never used a cloaking device before. Everything still looks the same out there." "It only hides the ship, not our view." "Right." "Take us into the nebula, Mister Sulu," Spock said. The Enterprise began moving into the nebula and it was not a smooth ride. It was much like the time they went through the nebula on the way to Altamid. "I hope this isn't going to damage the cloaking device," Sulu commented. "You're becoming a real worry wart," Artie said. "I can't help it. This is a dangerous mission." "Yet, we have been on dangerous missions before," Spock reminded him. After what seemed like a long time, Sulu changed the ship's heading slightly. "We're coming up on the coordinates that Virnax gave me," he said. "On screen," Spock replied. They all looked out the viewscreen and could see nothing much except the rocks and debris of the nebula. However, as the cloud of rocks began to thin, they could definitely see a planet, and it was in a large clearing in the nebula. The nebula seemed to flow around the planet. The planet looked rather orange from their viewpoint and they could see clouds in the atmosphere…but they could also see the Monstrosity orbiting the planet, as well as birds of prey. "Do not get too close," Spock said. "Can you scan the planet?" "We're getting a reading now," Sulu replied. The graphics came up on the screen. "They definitely have some facilities down there," Virnax said as he pointed. "Right there is the main one, and if your admiral is being kept there, he is in this place." He pointed to a long, low building that looked much like the building they had been in when they were on Rura Penthe. "That's where the prison is…if you want to call it that. More like a torture chamber." "Have they had many prisoners there?" Spock asked. "I wouldn't say many, but they had one there that when I saw him he was wasted away to practically a shell. I don't know who he was. But I'll tell you this: if your admiral is in there, you're gonna have a hard time getting him out, and you may not get him out at all." "You know details of this facility?" "I've been in there." "How many guards are usually there?" "I wouldn't say there are guards, although there are usually about four hanging around there. They know they're on a planet that no one else is coming to. I mean, why worry about someone going in unannounced. They just keep the prisoners locked in." Sulu turned his chair around to look at Spock. "I guess they wouldn't have to worry," he said. "If we could beam in there, maybe we could grab the admiral and beam out." "You can't beam in there," Virnax said. "You might beam down to the surface of the planet, but it would be impossible to just beam into that building." "Of course," Bones said. "We always have to do things the hard way." Spock was thinking while he listened to their talk. "We will beam down to the planet and we will make our way to that building, rescue Jim, and then we will make sure we leave our mark so that Duras is certain that we were there," he said. "Spock, I didn't know you had it in you to be vindictive," Bones remarked. "This individual needs to know that he cannot continue to do as he pleases without consequences." "Do you think we could capture him?" Sulu asked. "Capture him?!" Virnax was incredulous. "How could you possibly think you could capture him?" "We did capture him before," Spock informed him. "That was under false pretenses though," Solan said. "He wanted us to capture him. They had a plan." "They are not expecting us this time. They most likely do not believe we know of this planet. Therefore, we should have an advantage until they discover that we are here." "Yeah…until," Bones said. "How long will that be? Are we going to cause them to kill Jim to keep us from rescuing him?" "Doctor, they do not want to kill Jim or they would have done that before." "Yeah, but they might if they thought we would rescue him." "Are you kidding?" Virnax asked. "That Duras is so overconfident, he would never think anyone could get into this place, even this close. We're sitting here, aren't we? They're not looking for anyone." "He could be right," Solan said. "They're out here in the middle of a nebula on an unknown planet." "We must remember that there are some who know of this planet and that Duras may believe that we could find them," Spock pointed out. Virnax shook his head. "I don't believe it," he said. "You really don't know him. He really thinks he's going to win this controversy and become Chancellor of the Klingon Empire, and he's going to have an alliance with the Romulans and Nausicaans and they're going to be unstoppable. He wants to destroy the Federation." "Won't he be surprised when we break up his little party?" Solan asked. They all looked out at the planet which had no space traffic going in and out. It did look rather dormant and the ships that orbited the planet were not cloaked, nor did they seem to be scanning the area. "So, what's our plan?" Bones asked. "Just remember, we have to lower shields to transport down to that planet," Solan said. "You think they'll detect us in that length of time?" "Mister Sulu will reactivate the cloaking device as soon as possible," Spock replied. "They'll still know we're here." "If they detect the ship. It is unlikely that beings who believe they are on an unknown planet would be so cautious as to be scanning space for invaders." Bones nodded slightly. "You're probably right there." "I am not saying that they will not know at all, but that they most likely will not detect the ship. We will only have minimal power, and we will decloak out of sight of the other ships. We will transport to an area outside the perimeter of the base and find our way in." "You mean fight our way in. Then again, I don't think they're going to be expecting this bunch we have with us." "Doctor McCoy, I would like to speak with you in private." Bones scowled as Spock stood and walked to the turbo lift, but he went with him. "What?" Bones asked. "We should talk in the conference room," Spock said. They left the turbo lift and went to the conference room. "So, what's so private?" Bones asked. "I do not believe you should go on this mission," Spock said bluntly. "You just recovered from…" "You're not leaving me behind. What if Jim needs me?" "We will get him to the ship as soon as possible." "I don't want to stay here. I'm fine." "Are you certain?" "Yes. I want to go after him. He would come after any of us." "I do believe we should use the electro-suits so that we cannot be detected." "I agree with that, although I don't like that helmet." "It is necessary." They were silent a moment. "What if he can't walk?" Bones asked. "What if we're in a big hurry? What do we do? We need to have all this figured out before we go down there." "We will work out the details before we leave this ship." "Don't you think you should stay here?" "Mister Sulu will be in charge of the Bridge. He is a captain as well. Mister Scott will take care of the transporter." "He can't keep a lock on us while we're in there according to Virnax." "It will not be easy but we have been in difficult situations before. As a team, we will succeed." Jim was lying in the floor when the two Romulans returned. They jerked him up from the floor, not caring about his cries of pain, and laid him on the table again. Jim groaned, and wondered what they were going to do to him now. "Take care of any life-threatening injuries only," one of them said. The two Romulans left, and Jim realized there was a human there. "Stay away from me," Jim said. "I'm a doctor," the other replied. Jim groaned with pain again. "What kind?" "They don't want you to die." "Oh, yeah, so they can keep torturing me!" The doctor frowned and began his scan. He looked at Jim with pity as he finished the scan. "You have a small hemorrhage," he said. "Don't you touch me!" Jim said and glared at him. "I didn't harm you." Jim wished he could grab this doctor and shove him out the door himself. "You call yourself a doctor!" he said. "What do you do? Sit around here and make sure their prisoners don't die so they can continue their torture!?" He had never heard of something so inhuman. "They would kill me if I refused." "Then why don't you help me? Give me something to take out those screws down there so I can use that bar for a weapon." The doctor looked down at the pole Jim was referring to. "If you are a doctor, and you have any decency in you at all, help me," he said. "You can't even compare to…" Jim wished Bones was there. No, he did not wish he was there. "Just hold still," the doctor said. "Are you gonna help me or not?" Jim asked. "You know what they're going to do." The doctor looked at Jim's bruised face. "If they caught me, they would kill me," he said quietly. "They won't catch you if you do it right. How can you be part of this and call yourself a doctor?" "What do you need to remove it?" the doctor asked as he was repairing the hemorrhage. "How about a screwdriver? Anything that has a flat end." "I will try, but I'm afraid they will come back before I am allowed in again." "I know I have broken ribs." The doctor frowned. "My name is Jason King. If you escape, can you at least let my family know what has become of me? My wife's name is Sara." "You can come with me," Jim said. "Perhaps." Just then, the door opened again and Duras came in. "Has he been tended?" he asked. "Yes," Jason replied. "Good. No talking to the prisoner." "Yes, sir." Jason hurried out of the room. Duras stood over Jim. "Are you ready to talk?" he asked. "You won't win," Jim said. "No matter what you do to me, you won't win! You can't stop a whole galaxy!" Duras grabbed him by the throat. "It's not the whole galaxy, it's that monster you call the Federation!" he said. "They cannot win against all of us!" He leaned closer to Jim. "I know you have a child." Jim had thought he felt rage before, but he wondered just what the limit was as he looked into Duras's eyes. "You call yourself bold and brave, and you intend to threaten a baby?" Jim asked quietly feeling like his rage just might explode. "That just shows what a coward you are." Duras could plainly see the rage in Jim Kirk's eyes. It was not causing him fear but rage. "You would never see him again if you die here," he said. "I don't think you have any intention of letting me out of here no matter what I tell you." "If you think your friends are going to find you, you're mistaken. They couldn't find this planet in a million years." "Really? Then how did you find it? If you're here, and all your outlaws are here…someone knows this planet is here besides you!" Duras frowned. "You try my patience!" Jim just looked up toward the ceiling at the windows, and he could tell by the shadows that probably more than half the day was gone. He had spent a lot of it in pain. Right now, he did not want to move. Suddenly, Duras rammed his fist into Jim's side. Jim thought that pain took his breath away completely because he did not have the breath to scream. He just fell off on the other side of the table and he was still trying to get some breath but everything began spinning and he passed out. Sulu had managed to move the Enterprise into position on the edge of the dark side of the planet. "We're ready, Captain Spock," he said into the intercom. "I will let you know when we are ready to transport," Spock replied. "Remember, do not leave the shields down any longer than necessary." "Yes, sir." Spock, Bones, Solan, Helek, Korax, Grakar, and Gordon were going down to the planet. They had even managed to make "electro-suits" for Grakar and Korax. Helek did not need one since he used electricity anyway. Solan stood with Priscilla as he was getting his weapons together. "I wanted to go with you," Priscilla said. "Carol needs someone to go with her," Solan replied. "While we're rescuing the admiral, you two are going to disable that monstrosity. To tell you the truth, I think that's more dangerous than what we're doing." "But we will be in the weapon ship." "Yeah, but there are several birds of prey out there." "Yes, but Carol says the weapon is powerful enough to destroy them and to take out the shields on the big ship." "I know, but that's only in theory. It hasn't actually been tested on something like that. I'm glad I don't have to face Jim after letting her go out there like that." "Letting her?" "Yeah. Spock is the captain of this ship." "But she is not under his command." Solan chuckled at that. "She is when she's on his ship." "Does that mean I am?" "Yeah. We all are." "Until the admiral returns?" "Something like that. I hope we can get back to Earth this time and actually get off the ship." "I hope the plan works." "Me too. Gordon is going as the saboteur, and he's pretty good at that sort of thing, but so am I when I put my mind to it." "I don't know why you don't take Virnax." "Well, his loyalty is still kinda questionable. Right now, we can't afford to have someone down there that we don't trust." "He told you about the compound." "I know, but like I said, this is Spock's mission." Solan finished hiding all his weapons. He looked at Priscilla. "You be careful," he said. "We will," she replied. "You should be careful as well." "I don't know if I know the meaning of that word anymore or not." They kissed, and Solan went on into the transporter room where the others were making sure their weapons were ready. Carol stood there with them as well. "Wait for my signal to do anything," Spock said, even though he had already gone over the plans. Carol nodded. "Just find Jim," she said. Bones was standing there as well. "We will," he replied and stepped up onto the transporter pad. The others stepped up as well. "Energize," Spock said.
Jim woke up lying back on the table, and Doctor King was there again. "Lie still," the doctor said. Jim was not sure he could do that. "What are you doing?" he asked. "Repairing a punctured lung. Silence." Jim stayed still and tried not to talk. He felt like his chest was on fire. "It's hard to breathe, "he said. "I am working on that." Jim finally started feeling like he could breathe again but the pain certainly was not gone. Then Doctor King slipped something into his hand. "They won't be back for a while," he whispered. "You should work as quickly as you can." "What's going on?" Jim asked. "I'm not sure, but they've all been distracted by something. I have to go now." Jim just lay there until he heard the door close and lock. He dreaded having to move, but he managed to roll himself up to sitting, not without groaning. His eyes watered slightly as he tried to get a handle on the pain enough that he could do what he had to. He finally got off the table, making sure to only land on his right leg. He lowered himself down to the floor and looked at the task he had. His mind wandered to what could have distracted his captors from torturing him. He did not want to get his hopes up too much but he hoped it was Spock and the others. He started taking the metal bar loose from the table, and it was not easy but he was determined that he would not be defeated. He managed to get one side loose and then moved over to the other side. He thought this might just get him killed, but he would not lie in this room and wait for them to come and torture him. He was going to fight and perhaps he would cause them some pain too. He was almost certain he could not defeat all of them, but maybe they would know he would not be broken. As Jim was taking the last screw out of the pole, he heard the door beep. His hands shook slightly but he kept on with his task trying to move faster. He finally got the last screw out as he heard them coming into the room. He grabbed the metal pole and squatted with his right foot under him so that he could launch himself at whoever was coming. He waited for someone to look around the edge of that table and finally, the Nausicaan was there. Jim was startled only for a second, but then he swung the metal pole and connected with Jaer's head. He fell on the floor, out cold. Jim moved to the other end of the table and got up to his right leg. As he looked over the table at the other two in the room, they were rather surprised at what just happened, but they quickly turned to him. Duras was not there, but it was the two Romulans who looked rather amused now that they could see what he was doing. One of them said something to him in the Romulan language. Jim just stood there waiting to see what they would do. Even if he lost the fight, he was going to make them earn the right to take him down again… Spock and his group materialized behind a large rocky outcropping and they discovered that the planet was very warm which they thought was rather odd because it was not that close to its sun although it had a light side. They hid behind the rocks to orient themselves as to where the compound was. "He's been with them for five days besides the time it took us to get here," Bones said, just stating the obvious. "We will deal with whatever we must," Spock replied. Bones adjusted the medical pack on his back. He was sure Jim had some severe injuries since he had been in the clutches of Duras… Jim was back on that table again. He had given the Romulans a fight, but one of them had finally managed to take his weapon away from him just as Duras had walked in. Oh, they had made him pay for his fighting back. They had broken his other leg, both thigh bones, and then had broken his arms. Now, they had fitted him with a nerve cruncher and he just lay there wondering how much he could take before he would just die. He supposed he could remember just a little satisfaction, and that was that he had given that Nausicaan a thundering headache and had taken out one of those Romulans…but he could not handle them all on only one leg. Duras walked over to the table. Jim was trying to hide his fear by simply staring straight up at the ceiling. He could see that it was dark outside again now. "Are you ready to talk?" Duras asked. Jim swallowed hard and that even hurt. "I won't give you what you want," he said. Duras paced a moment. "You have endured incredible pain, and yet, you still refuse to cooperate. Do you enjoy pain?" Jim simply stared up at the ceiling until Duras grabbed hold of his left arm. Jim did not allow himself to scream. He had already screamed all he was going to, even though everything hurt now. "Now that I have your attention," Duras said as he looked into Jim's eyes, "Will you cooperate?" He was even more frustrated when Jim did not answer. "Okay, Kirk, I will show no more mercy to you. I have given you every opportunity to answer me and you still refuse." Duras found this hard to believe. He had not expected Kirk to be so unbreakable. Just then, a quiet beeping sound started. Duras walked over to the wall where there was a red light flashing. He pressed the button. "What?" he asked. "Duras, there is a ship in orbit," someone said. "What sort of ship?" "We do not know. It is not like anything we have seen, but…" Just then, the communication went to static. "Ogron!" Duras said, but there was no answer. He glared as he looked at Jim Kirk who was still staring up toward the ceiling. No, his followers could not have found this planet! He went over to Jim and grabbed him by his arm again. "Have you known of this planet?!" he demanded but did not get an answer. He slammed Jim back onto the table. Jim could barely keep from whimpering with that, and then he heard Duras give the command to "zap" him… Carol and Priscilla had taken the weapon ship that Carol had created out of the Enterprise when Spock had given the order to create the distraction. The ship was small, but it was fitted with a powerful laser weapon and had also been enhanced with some of Artie's inventions as they had studied over what they knew about the Monstrosity. "We're almost in range," Priscilla said as she watched the scope that was aimed at the Monstrosity. "Activate the cloaking device." Carol flipped the switch and the ship disappeared as far as the other ships were concerned. However, the Enterprise knew the frequency of the shields and could still track the ship. Carol guided the ship around the birds of prey that did not see, nor detect it. "Ten seconds," Priscilla said. Carol had found that Priscilla was almost like a computer when she was concentrating on something like a target. She knew the other ships knew they were there, but they did not know where they were going. "Fire," Priscilla said. Carol fired the laser weapon and it hit the shields of the Monstrosity. She held her position so that the laser could create a hole in the shields… "I think it's actually working," Sulu said as he was watching the readings on the helm. "The jamming frequency is working as well," Uhura said. "They shouldn't be able to communicate, at least not from the planet to space." "Great work. That means no one down there is going to know what's going on up here, and we're going to create a little surprise for these war birds. I just hope they can rescue the admiral before anyone else shows up out here." "They probably won't," Virnax said confidently. "Like I said before, Duras has a lot of confidence in himself, and the remoteness of this planet." "He's going to lose that confidence in just a few minutes." Spock and his team had moved around the rocks to the outside of the compound where Duras and his crowd were staying. It was now dark so they did not have to worry so much about being seen. They heard some excited talk within the place and knew that Carol's distraction was working. "They must have realized their little domain isn't so unfindable after all," Solan remarked. "Unfindable?" Bones said. "Hey, don't get all proper on me now. They're the ones who thought no one could find it." "Would you like me to give them a shocking surprise?" Helek asked. "This is getting worse all the time," Bones said. "You only say that because they are beating you to all the clever lines," Korax replied. "We do not have time for these debates," Spock said. "Helek, I believe a little shock would be beneficial." Gordon placed a charge on the side of the building they were standing beside, and then he, Grakar, and Solan moved around the other side of that building which they knew was the main control center. They were going to sabotage it and then destroy it after they got Jim out. The others moved on toward the dungeon, if that was what it was called. They had the task of finding Jim, but Virnax had assured them that there were not many guarding the prison. However, there were many in that compound, and they were wary now that their communications had been disrupted. "I would like to find Duras," Korax said. "This is not a vengeance mission," Spock replied. "It is a rescue mission." "I realize this…but if we find Duras along the way, I would like it to become a vengeance mission." Bones shook his head. "That's really corny," he said. "I am not jesting now." "I know. I'd like a piece of that guy myself." "You can have the head." "That's gruesome." Korax drew his bat'leth. "I do not intend for Duras to cause anymore trouble for us," he declared. "The chancellor would expect nothing less from Grakar or me." Spock was not going to argue with Korax right now. His goal was to find Jim, and they were looking at the building where he was most likely being held. However, between them and that building were several enemies…many more than their number. "I can take out several of them at once," Helek said with his eyes glowing. "Proceed," Spock replied. Helek lay down on the ground so that he could see around the corner of the building they were at. He built up a charge in his hands and then shot it right at the group of Klingons and Nausicaans who were standing between the two buildings. They certainly scattered and some of them fell. Spock, Bones, and Korax took out the others as Helek was continuing his attack. They moved around the side of the building now and got over to the other building. There was a Klingon left who stepped into the open. Korax stopped. "We may need you inside," Spock said as he knew Korax wanted to fight this Klingon, but Spock fired at him. They did not have time for a fight of honor. Korax did not like it but he had learned since he joined the Enterprise that he had to do what the captain said. They found their way to the entrance of the prison building but it had an electronic lock on it. However, as Virnax had said, there were no guards at the door. Spock scanned the lock with the tricorder and then used the tricorder to unlock it. The door of the prison slid open and they aimed their weapons in before they stepped into the open. There was no one in the dimly lit corridor as they moved inside. They were stopped in their tracks as they heard a horrifying scream. Bones and Spock exchanged glances as they knew that was Jim. They hurried down the corridor until they came to another door which also had an electronic lock. Spock started to use the tricorder. "Never mind that," Helek said as he let go a huge charge that blasted the entire door. Helek stepped through the door and the others followed him. They were not surprised to find Jim in there. He was lying on a table and there was a Nausicaan there who looked like he had been in a fight himself, and also a Romulan. Spock aimed his phaser rifle at them. "Move away from the table," he demanded. Jim thought he was dreaming when he heard Spock's voice. His two tormentors moved away from him but the fight was not over. He could hear that, but then he looked up into Bones' face which looked worried as usual. "Bones?" "Yeah, it's me," Bones replied. "Just be still." Jim had an overwhelming desire to sob. "Bones, I told him!" he said. "I…" "Never mind that." Bones scanned Jim to see what kind of injuries he had. He certainly felt sorry for his friend then, and wished he could get hold of that Duras himself. "Spock, we can't move him like this. I'm gonna have to repair some of this." "We will stay as long as necessary," Spock replied. "Is it severe?" "It's more than that, but I can repair him enough to get him out of here." "Go ahead, Doctor. We will keep the others out." Bones opened his medical kit. "This is going to be a field operation, Pal," he said as he was taking out his equipment. "Bones…" "You should be quiet." "But Bones…" "Jim, we'll talk about all of that after we get you out of here." Jim tried to stay quiet, but now that he was no longer in danger, he thought he might sleep, but there was some pain involved with the repairs Bones was doing. However, he knew it would not last. Carol had proven her new weapon was just what she had said it was and she had created a large hole in the side of the Monstrosity, and then she had targeted the sphere in the middle. That had caused the ship to drift at an unusual angle and she thought it might just crash down to the planet. She had taken out two birds of prey, but three of them had suddenly retreated and met up with more that were coming from the planet. She had expected them to attack her and the Enterprise, but they had headed out of the nebula. "I wonder where they're going in such a hurry," Priscilla said. "I don't know," Carol replied. She hailed the Enterprise. "Are they retreating?" "I don't know," Sulu answered. "It looks like the Monstrosity is disabled though. Great work." "What about Jim? Have they found him?" "I haven't heard from Spock yet." "I'm going down to the planet to help." "Be careful." "I'm always careful." Solan, Grakar, and Artie were making their way through the headquarters building. Artie was setting charges to destroy the whole building once they were away. They had met up with some angry Romulans but they had managed to make it to the center power station. "Like Virnax said, they're very confident," Solan said. "He was right," Artie replied. "Otherwise there would be more security around this place." "You almost finished with that?" "Yes. Just one more." Solan and Grakar kept watch while Artie fixed his charges and then they headed back out of the building. "Maybe we should go over to that prison building and help out," Solan said as they got outside. "That's a good idea," Artie replied. They kept their phaser rifles ready as they moved toward the prison. As Solan came to the corner of the building, he looked around it and there was a Klingon there. He grabbed Solan and they struggled over the phaser rifle. Artie aimed at the Klingon but he could not fire at him because he was afraid he would hit Solan. However, Grakar went around the corner and grabbed the Klingon himself. Solan kicked the Klingon backward and then tried to aim at him, but Artie got his shot off first. Solan blew out a breath as he was glad that struggle was over. "Thanks," he said to Grakar. "You are welcome," Grakar replied. Solan, Grakar, and Artie backed up against the wall of the prison. "You think there are any more?" Artie asked. "I don't know," Solan replied. "I don't even see anyone. Did they abandon it?" They moved around to the door of the prison and found that it was already open so they went inside. They found no one in the corridor but they could hear fighting going on further down and they could see that the door had been blown out of one room and could see electrical flashes inside the room. "Maybe we ought to make sure they know who's coming in before we just barge in," Artie said. "Why don't you just finish with those charges and I'll go on in," Solan replied. "Grakar can stay with you." "As long as I don't have to stay out here alone," Artie replied. "I will keep watch," Grakar said. Solan went over to the door and looked inside. He could see that Helek and Korax were fighting but that they were just about finished with their fights. Spock was guarding Jim while Doctor McCoy worked on him. Solan got into the room with Spock aiming right at him but realizing who it was. Korax and Helek finished the two who had been in there torturing Jim. "So, what's going on now?" Solan asked as he got over to Spock. "We must give the doctor time to tend some of Jim's injuries before we can move him," Spock replied. "There was no one in this building when we came in. We met some in the headquarters building and some outside." "I am certain that there are more. However, there has been no sign of Duras." Just then, Spock's communicator chirped. "Spock here," he answered. "Spock, some of the ships have left orbit and have left the nebula," Uhura said. "Even the Monstrosity?" "No. Carol disabled it. Some of these ships came up from the planet." "We have not seen Duras. Perhaps he is fleeing." "But, Spock, they could have easily defeated us with that many. Why would they run?" Spock considered that and then looked at Jim. "I will contact you soon," he said to Uhura. He ended that transmission and moved over to Jim. "Jim, what were you trying to tell us earlier?" "He doesn't need to try to talk right now," Bones said. "I need to know this information, Doctor." Jim looked at Spock. "I told them the codes," he said. "I couldn't stand it. He told me to tell them because nothing I told them would do them any good anyway." "Who told you?" Bones asked. "What codes did you give them, Admiral?" Spock asked. Jim grimaced and wanted to look away from them. "Jim, tell us," Bones said. Jim did not want to admit that he had cracked but how could he deny it? "The security codes for Earth," he blurted. "I told them. I didn't want to but…" "Now, just settle down." Spock hailed the Enterprise. "Enterprise," Sulu answered. "Mister Sulu, can you get a message through the Nebula?" Spock asked. Sulu turned to Uhura, but she shook her head. "No, Sir." "We must get a message to Earth. Duras and his clan have the security codes." Everyone on the Bridge was stunned at that news. "We can leave the nebula to send the message and come back for you," Sulu said. "Proceed," Spock replied. "We are all secure here at the moment." "Carol is still out in the other ship, but she has come down to the planet." "I will contact her next." "Sulu out." Bones looked at Spock, and then they both looked down at their friend whom they would never have thought would give in to anything. "Who told you to tell them?" Bones asked. "Admiral Carson," Jim replied. Spock and Bones were very puzzled now. "Jim, what are you talking about?" Bones asked. He could not believe his friend would be having delusions. "He's been here all this time." "Where?" "That cage over there." Jim could not believe all this was happening. "Is Carol here?" "She's around somewhere," Bones said. "You just relax and let me finish this." "I'm sorry." "Sorry for what?" "If I had just held out a little longer…" "Jim, there is no way Duras can defeat the Federation. Just think about it." "But if he can attack Earth, he can…" "No, Jim, he will not be able to," Spock interrupted. "The Enterprise is warning Starfleet. If he does succeed at attacking, they will be waiting for him. Nothing that you told him will help his cause. Perhaps his overconfidence will be his doom this time." "We need to be on our way." "We can't move you like this," Bones said. "Now, let me get back to work." Solan had gone searching for the "cage" Jim had talked about. It was not hard to find it. He did not look very long before he turned away. Spock came around to the same area. "There's definitely someone in there," Solan said. "But they're not living now." Spock looked into the cage. "Get the medical tri-corder from Doctor McCoy," he said. Solan went and retrieved the tri-corder, and Spock scanned the corpse in the cage. Solan looked at the reading and frowned. "It is him," he said. Spock nodded. "It is the same bone structure." "What's left of it. How could they keep him here like that and no one has ever known?" "We did not know this planet existed until now." "That Virnax." Solan was just a little angry. "He knew there was a prisoner here. He said something about it." "We do not know how long Virnax was part of this group of outlaws." "I'm sure going to find out," Solan declared. "If he knew he was here and did nothing, I'll take him back to Magus Three and let Kyarn and the others punish him." "I believe Starfleet can dispense their own punishment." "Yeah, but it would be a lot worse if Kyarn did it." "He did help us to find this planet. If not for his help, we could not have found Jim." Solan supposed he could not deny that, although he wondered if that could make up for looking the other way while another person was tortured to death. They heard an explosion outside, but it was not the headquarters building, and there were more explosions after that one. "What's going on out there?" Solan asked. "I thought you were going to set off those explosives after we got off this rock." "I didn't do that," Artie replied now that he and Grakar had come into the room. "I haven't set off anything." Suddenly, there was an even bigger explosion. "Wow, that must have been the weapons storage," Solan said. "Perhaps Carol has arrived," Spock said. "She was not back aboard the Enterprise." "She's making hash of this place. Won't they be surprised when they come back to their little hole in the wall?" "They most likely will not return, especially if they attack Earth." Sulu had taken the Enterprise out of the nebula and Uhura had sent a warning message to Earth, directly to Admiral Winston. She also sent a message to Kronos to warn them of what happened, and asked them to relay to Earth to make sure it was received. She received confirmation from Kronos that they had received the message and would relay the warning. "We're going back in," Sulu said. As they arrived back at the planet, they could see the Monstrosity was being pulled into the planet's atmosphere. Luckily, it was not going down over the compound. "Looks like that thing won't be terrorizing the galaxy anymore," Sulu said. "But how long till another is built?" Uhura asked. "And how do we know there aren't more of them?" "We don't, but I suppose we'll just have to do what we have to. Hail Spock." Uhura sent a signal to Spock… Spock was standing beside Jim when his communicator chirped. "Spock here," he answered. "Mister Spock, we sent the messages," Sulu said. "We sent one to Kronos as well." "Thank you." "We received confirmation from Kronos and they're going to make sure Starfleet is aware." "Good work." Just then, Carol and Priscilla walked into the room. Bones looked around at her as she stood there looking a little disheveled. Her hair was in a braid but it was not so neatly done now. Bones moved around to the side of the table so that she could see Jim. She went over to the table, and Jim wondered if he had ever been so overwhelmed at just seeing her. "You always find the trouble, don't you?" she asked and kissed the only spot on his face that did not seem to be bruised. "I guess I do," he replied. She kissed him again and Jim realized she was crying. "I thought we might never find you," she said. "What did they do to you?" Jim did not want to answer that question because he did not want to think about it. "Hey, hold still," Bones said. "You can get to all that mushy stuff later." Jim thought he might have rolled his eyes if they would not hurt with that movement. "You have the worst bedside manner I've ever seen." "Don't forget that." When Bones had Jim well enough that he could walk, although not without help, they went outside. "I will take him back to the Enterprise with my ship," Carol said. "Your ship?" Jim asked. "Yes. I told you I had a project, but I never got to tell you what it was. This mission gave me the opportunity to test it." "Oh." "I'll tell you later." They went to the small ship that was Carol's weapon ship and got Jim inside. There was not room for everyone. The others would have to beam back to the Enterprise, and Artie had to set off his charges anyway. "This place seems to be abandoned," Jim said as he was seated. "Did they all leave?" "It seems so," Spock replied. Jim relaxed in the seat and felt like it was the first time he had relaxed in ages. Bones stayed on the ship with him, so Priscilla went with the others. "I'll fix you up better when we get to the Enterprise," Bones said. "I'm just glad you're here, Bones," Jim replied. He opened his eyes. "Wait. There was a doctor there. Did you guys see him?" "A doctor? There was no doctor in that room." "No. He had been in the room. He repaired a hemorrhage. He was a prisoner too, and I told him he could come with us." Bones wondered if Jim had been hallucinating in that place, but he had not been delusional when he thought Carson was talking to him. Bones opened his communicator. "Spock," he said. "Yes, Doctor," Spock answered. "Jim says there was a doctor in that place, and that he was a prisoner as well." "There were no other prison rooms there," Grakar said. "Artemus and I searched. We found no one else." Bones looked at Jim. "There was no one there, Jim." "But he was there," Jim insisted. "He helped me. He gave me the screwdriver to take the pole off that table to use as a weapon." "He's not there now." Jim frowned. "You think I imagined it, don't you?" "I don't know, but he's not there." Carol got the ship started and they were on their way to the Enterprise. When Spock and the others got back to the place where they had beamed down to the planet, Artie activated his charges. They were being beamed back to the ship as the buildings were exploding, but they knew this mission was not over yet…
When the Enterprise emerged from the nebula, they received a message from Admiral Winston, but it was only a confirmation that he had received their message. Duras and his crowd had not had time to get to Earth yet, and the Enterprise was soon at warp heading for Earth as well. Jim lay in the medical bay thinking about the fact that Duras would arrive at Earth at least a day before they did, and Alex was there. He hated the fact that he had given him those security codes too. No matter what anyone said, he was worried and embarrassed about that. "Jim, you're staring into space again," Bones said. "No I'm not," Jim replied. "I'm staring at the ceiling." "Wise guy." "They're on their way to Earth, Bones." Bones frowned. "I know, but Starfleet knows they're coming. We can't be everywhere. And we're not the only ones who can fight." "I know that." "You can't mope around here for four days worrying. At least, I was prepared for these injuries because I knew they would be bad." "You usually are." Bones stopped what he was doing. "That nerve thing," he said. "Wasn't it the most horrible thing you ever felt?" Jim looked at him. "It was. I can't even describe it." "Me neither. I sure hope I never feel it again." Bones went back to his work, and his eye twitched like it did at times since he had been tortured with that nerve cruncher. "Your bones are just about completely mended," he said to get his mind on something else. "Just a little more work and they'll be good as new." "They feel funny," Jim said. "Well, I'm not surprised with both ends being broken, but at least it wasn't joints this time." Jim shook his head. "This time." "How many times is this that I've put you back together?" "Too many." Bones was working on Jim's right arm. "How did you guys find me?" Jim asked. "You know Solan," Bones replied. "He always knows who to talk to. We went to Magus Three. That backwater planet where just about everyone is a criminal and wants to fight you, although we didn't run into anyone like that this time. Can you believe Kyarn helped us?" "Kyarn? You're kidding." "Nope. Said he didn't like the idea of your kid sitting at home waiting for his daddy to come home. Can you believe that?" "Hardly. So you went with him to that planet again?" "Yeah. Carol, Priscilla, and Korax went too. We didn't think he should go alone." "Oh, so Carol went. What did she do?" Bones scowled at that. "She…just created a distraction so that Solan could find Virnax. He seemed to think he was going to draw a lot of attention. We were just there in case something happened, and he needed help." "Wait. What? She created a distraction? How?" Bones thought he needed to learn how to keep his big mouth shut. What would Jim think about that? "Well, she just…" Jim was waiting for Bones to go on. "She just what?" "Well, she just drew the attention of that rough crowd. Trust me, they were more interested in looking at her than Solan." "So she just walked in and stood there? What was she wearing?" "Priscilla was there too. She always gets attention." Bones moved to Jim's right leg then. "Stay still." Jim looked at his hand and flexed his fingers. "Hey, my hand doesn't feel so weird anymore," he said. "Are you expecting me to do shoddy work?" Bones asked without looking up from what he was doing. "No. When will I be normal again?" "I don't think you've ever been normal, but in another day, you should be back to your old self." "Thanks, Bones," Jim said sarcastically. "You're welcome." "Are you trying to avoid my question?" "No. I'm concentrating." Later, Carol came into the medical bay where Jim was still lying on a bed. "Are you feeling better?" she asked. "I think so," Jim replied. "Good." Carol kissed him passionately. "Do you know how long you've been gone?" "Uh…I forgot." "I haven't forgotten, so…when you get out of here, you're going to spend some time with me." "I can do that." "Are your bones mended?" "For the most part. Bones is still working on me, but he insists that I have to eat often." "Probably good advice." "So, what did you do to create a distraction on Magus Three?" Carol smiled. "Oh, I just pretended I was there with Doctor McCoy. Solan seemed to think Priscilla and I would be in danger." "What do you mean you pretended to be with Bones?" "I hung on his arm, we sat in a booth together. Pretended to whisper in each other's ears." "Did it work?" "Yes." "That's funny. Bones didn't say you were with him like that." "He told you about Magus Three?" "Yeah, he said something about it. I asked him how you guys found me. He said Solan always knows who to talk to, and even Kyarn wanted to help." "Surprising, right?" "You didn't make Bones too uncomfortable, did you?" Carol almost laughed. "I think I did. He said that you would skin him alive and pick at what was left, if he kissed me." Jim laughed out loud, but then he grimaced. "Those ribs are not quite completely well," he said. He looked at Carol. "You didn't…kiss him, did you?" "No. He didn't even want to put his arm around me." "Good. I would have been jealous." "Jim Kirk, you know there's no one else in the galaxy for me." "I thought of you and Alex when I was in there. I thought I might die in there and you'd never know what happened to me." Carol stroked his hair. "Jim, I know you love going on missions, and I know this mission didn't turn out like you wanted, but…" "But what?" "I wish you wouldn't go anymore." "I've been thinking about that, and I'll be thinking about it a lot more. Maybe I'll only go on delivery missions from now on to New Vulcan." Carol smiled. "You couldn't get into trouble there, could you?" "I hope not." "Just remember, when you get out of this medical bay, you're going to spend some time in your extensive quarters with your wife." "Extensive?" "Jim." "Alright. I'll admit the Admiral's guest quarters is pretty big. Do you want me to chase you around it?" "Are you able?" "I think I could give you a run for your money." Carol could not help but laugh at that. "You wouldn't want to overexert yourself." "Don't worry about that." That evening, Bones let Jim leave the medical bay, but he also gave him instructions not to be on the Bridge worrying over plans, but to rest. "Yes, sir," Jim replied. "Don't sass me," Bones said. "By the way, why didn't you tell me what you and Carol did at Magus Three?" "She told you?" "Yeah. Why? Was it a secret?" "I guess not. I just didn't like it." Jim folded his arms. "Well, was there more to this than I know?" he asked. "No." Jim did not think that sounded very convincing. "You're not telling me something," he said. "Carol said you just sat in the booth together and pretended to whisper in each other's ears. Is there more than that?" Bones was dumbfounded. "No," he said. "You mean she told you that?" "Sure. Why not?" "And you don't find that disturbing?" Jim was not sure where this conversation was going. "Did you think there was more to it?" he asked. "No. I just don't want you to think I'm messing with your wife." Jim just stared at him a moment. "Bones, you should get some rest. If you tried to mess with my wife, I'd punch you, but she wouldn't be messing with you, and since you're not going to try that…why don't you relax?" "I'm relaxed," Bones declared. "Good. I'll see you tomorrow." Jim walked out of the medical bay. His right hip still felt weird but he supposed that would clear up after a little more time. He went straight to the Bridge where Spock sat in the captain's chair studying the data they had collected on this mission. "Admiral on deck!" someone said. "As you were," Jim said. He walked over to Spock. "Jim, it is good to see you up," Spock said. "It's good to be up. Anything happening?" "No. We have gathered a lot of data, but I do not believe it will benefit us at this time. However, the cloaking device worked well." "I think I was kinda in a haze when you told me that. They created it from different technologies?" "Yes. We simply had to find the right frequency to use with our shields. Mister Gordon is quite the inventor. I believe he is due a promotion." Jim smiled. "Are you going to keep him aboard your ship?" he asked. "I have requested it, and since you are our supervising admiral, I suppose that means it is up to you." "Have you talked with him about that?" "Not yet, but I do not believe John wishes to continue on a ship." Jim frowned. "Well, I can't blame him after this mission, but maybe after a while, he'll change his mind." "He was an extremely good navigator." "I know, but Gordon will be too." Jim looked at the orders for Gordon's transfer to work on the Enterprise. "I think we could wait until we get back to Earth and keep it from being destroyed before we do this, can't we?" he asked. "Admiral, I do not believe Duras will be successful with or without us," Spock replied. "Three more days, right?" "Yes." Jim nodded. "Well, I'll be glad to see Earth on the viewscreen. I have orders from Bones to get some rest and not be on this Bridge." "And you intend to follow those orders?" "To a certain extent. Right now, I'm going to my quarters. Let everyone know I don't want to be disturbed unless it's a dire emergency." "Yes, Admiral." Jim left the Bridge and went to his guest quarters. Just as he was about to go in, someone said, "Admiral." Jim frowned but he looked to see Korax coming down the corridor. "Korax, how can I help you?" Jim asked. "I would like to serve aboard the Enterprise again," Korax said. "Have you asked Spock?" "Not yet." "You have to ask him first and then he'll transfer the request to me. We're gonna take care of all that when we get back to Earth. We have a lot of things to take care of when we get back there." "You are always busy, are you not?" "I feel like it." "I will ask Captain Spock if I may join his crew. I am hoping that this will be our last time to clash with Duras." "Me too. Maybe he won't escape from this conflict." "It is likely that someone else will take his place." "Maybe, but we have to hope that they'll realize fighting isn't the way to go." "I will talk to Captain Spock." Jim nodded and then went on into his quarters. He was expecting to see Carol but he did not. "Carol?" He was rather disappointed that she was not there. He walked over to the viewport and looked out into space. He could not help but think of what he had faced in that prison. It was worse than any other time he had faced Klingons. He did not like the fact that he had told them what they wanted to know. It made him question and doubt himself. How could he have done that? That pain had been so excruciating he thought he would just die but instead he had told them everything they wanted to know. They had not stopped though. They had continued after Duras had left. Just then, the door beeped, and Carol came in. "You're already here," she said. She walked over to him, noticing the sad look on his face. "You're not disappointed to see me, are you?" "Of course not," Jim replied. "No fretting." "I feel like I betrayed the Federation." "That's nonsense." "No, it's not! How am I supposed to trust myself again? And how is anyone supposed to trust me? If I had just held out a little while longer…" "Jim, you couldn't have known that. It's not going to make any difference." "It does to me." Carol pulled him away from the viewport and put her arms around his neck. "You're going to let me make you forget everything," she said. "What did you do that made Bones so nervous?" Jim asked. "Nervous?" "Yeah. He didn't seem to want to tell me about it. Did you kiss him?" "No. Do you think we made out?" "Well, no…did you?" "Jim!" "I'm kidding. You must have done something." "Well, I put my arms around his neck and whispered in his ear." "Oh yeah? What did you whisper?" "Nothing that I have ever whispered in yours." "What did you say?" Carol stood on her toes and whispered in his ear, "Why don't you do that?" Jim looked at her. "You said that? What did you say that about?" "He said maybe he should order us some drinks." Jim was not sure how to react to that. "That's ridiculous," he said. "He got all worked up over that?" "I didn't know he was worked up," Carol replied. "Never mind that. I was just curious about what happened while I was in limbo." "We went on a mission with Solan and he knew who to ask. And my new weapon…" "Oh yeah, I heard about that. You punched a hole in the shields of the Monstrosity." "I did," Carol said proudly. "And then I punched one in the side." "So, your weapon is pretty powerful." "It's a laser weapon that can be held in one position long enough to break through shields." "That sure doesn't need to end up in the wrong hands." "Jim, I don't want to talk about this right now." "Neither do I." "Lights." The lights went out. "Now, how am I supposed to find everything in the dark?" Jim asked as he grabbed Carol. "The same way I'll find everything," Carol replied. The next morning, Jim went to the Bridge before the morning crew arrived. He was feeling better and wanted to sit in the captain's chair. He sat down and picked up the tablet with the duty roster on it. He had not looked at one of those in a long time, except when he was just assigning ships for missions. The Enterprise was usually used for diplomatic missions and deliveries now…as were many of the ships he commanded. They also had to keep in touch with the planets that they had discovered in deep space. Some of those had joined the Federation. Those were the things he had to think about these days, not one single ship. At 0600 on the dot, Spock walked onto the Bridge. "Good morning, Admiral," he said. "Morning, Spock," Jim replied and stood up from the chair. "Everything seems to be running smoothly this morning." "You are up early." "I feel restless and couldn't sleep." "Perhaps we will hear from Admiral Winston today." "I hope, but the Klingons still haven't arrived at Earth. They'll arrive a day before we do, so that means tomorrow." "I do not believe we have a great deal to be concerned about since Starfleet knows they are coming. I believe Duras thinks it will be a surprise attack, which is not logical since he did nothing to make sure we did not contact Starfleet." Jim frowned. That fact had been eating at the back of his mind as well. "Maybe they're not heading for Earth," he said. "You said the information they wanted was about Earth." "Yeah, it was, but…" Jim shook his head. "I just wish I hadn't…" "Admiral, what is already done cannot be undone. It is useless to dwell on regrets. You must simply move forward and improve yourself in ways that you can." "I know that's how the Vulcans see it, but humans don't see it that way." "They were not there and cannot possibly know what they would have done had they been in that situation." "Thanks, Spock, but I wish I knew what Duras's plan is." "You do not believe he will attack Earth?" "Just think about it. If Starfleet thinks he's going to attack Earth, what do they do?" "They would increase defenses and change the security codes." "Exactly. So if Duras intended to attack Earth, why wouldn't he make sure we couldn't warn them?" Spock considered that. "You bring up a good point, Jim," he said. "However, we are again, speculating." "Yeah, I know, but we've speculated a lot over the years, and if we hadn't, we'd be dead right now." "What else would he want to destroy since his intentions are to cripple the Federation?" "He doesn't want to destroy Earth, he wants to take it over." "Everyone on Earth would not submit." Jim nodded. "There are a lot of stations between here and there," he said. "What would benefit him most besides destroying the Earth or taking it over?" Spock considered that. "I am not certain that anything would benefit him more. However, if he destroyed outposts and stations between Earth and Klingon space, it would disrupt communications somewhat." "That's right, and then he would have a clearer path to Earth without much of anything to report it. If we only knew where he's going for sure. They said nothing that would indicate their plans." "We simply have to wait until we hear something or until we arrive at Earth." "I'm just anxious, Spock. I can't help but feel like I betrayed the Federation. What are they going to say about that?" "Admiral, there is nothing they can say. No one knows you told them anything." Jim scowled at that. "Spock, are you suggesting that I leave something out of my report?" he asked. Spock was silent a moment. "I am not suggesting anything, Jim." Jim could not help but smile at that evasion. "They're going to find out, Spock." "We will be glad to speak for you, Jim, and I am certain that Doctor McCoy will be glad to tell about the injuries that you endured while you were their prisoner." "I don't know if that will be good enough." "I have found that many who judge the actions of others in certain situations have never been in those situations on their own. Therefore, it is not logical that you should concern yourself with what others do not know. They were not there." "Well, that may be so, but they're the ones who will decide whether I'm trustworthy or not." "If you will be on the Bridge for the time being, I have something I need to do," Spock said. "I'll be here," Jim replied. Spock left the Bridge. He would discuss this problem with Doctor McCoy, who would have precise knowledge of Jim's injuries. He entered the medical bay where McCoy was studying over a data sheet. "Doctor McCoy, may I have a moment of your time?" Spock asked. "Sure," Bones said. "You sick or something?" "No. I would like to discuss a private matter with you." "Well, I guess we can go over here into my office." They moved over to the area where the medical beds were and there was no one there. "So, what's going on?" Bones asked. "Jim has expressed concern about his future in Starfleet. He believes he has betrayed the Federation," Spock said. "He believes they will think him untrustworthy." Bones sighed. "He could be right, you know." "But we will defend him. You are aware of his injuries." "I sure am." "Then you would be a witness for him if it comes to that." "Spock, it just doesn't work that way, but I don't think Starfleet is going to take it as seriously as Jim thinks. He's just being hard on himself. You know how he is." "I believe so. He does not like failure." "Exactly…and no-win scenarios. If it weren't for his determination, we most likely wouldn't be here, but sometimes determination just isn't enough." "I realize this, but Jim has done a great amount of good for Starfleet, and it seems that one who has accomplished so much would not be simply discarded because of something like this." "I'm hoping. We can definitely speak for him, and once they see what happened to Admiral Carson, they should have second thoughts about throwing Jim away because of something that won't have any consequences anyway." "I agree, Leonard. I simply wanted to make you aware of his concerns." "It seems like we're always discussing Jim behind his back." "We are his friends."
When the Enterprise dropped out of warp at Earth, they saw nothing, at first. "We're being jammed, Admiral," Uhura said. "Then they're here somewhere," Jim replied as his breath was quickening like it usually did when he was anticipating trouble. Spock was scanning. "There are no readings," he said. "Red alert!" The red alert alarm began sounding in the ship. Jim thought they had heard that an awful lot in the recent past. "Are they attacking the Earth?" he asked. "We can't get any readings, Admiral," Sulu replied. "Then we'll have to look for them visually. Take the ship down." Sulu began descending toward Earth, but before they entered the atmosphere, three ships de-cloaked and began firing at them. "Evasive maneuvers!" Jim exclaimed. Sulu turned the ship away from the atmosphere and fired back at the ships at the same time. As he did that, he saw two more Starfleet vessels coming from the other direction. "The odds got just a little better, Admiral," he said. Jim could see what was happening out the viewport. He started to sit down in the captain's chair but thought better of it. "Fire everything we've got at those ships!" he ordered. Just as Jim said that, four more ships de-cloaked. "Admiral!" "I see them, I see them!" "Jim, perhaps we would fare better in atmosphere," Spock suggested. "How?" "Speed. It is a well-known fact that war birds cannot gain as much speed in atmosphere." "Is it?" Jim shook his head. "If we go down there, we're liable to damage things on the planet." As they came around the Earth, they could see that the space dock had been damaged, and there were more Romulan ships attacking it. However, there were also more Federation ships engaging them. Solan came onto the Bridge. "Let me get my ship," he said. "I can help. We need more ships." "You can't go against a war bird!" Jim replied. "I can out-maneuver them! And I might just take some of them out." "Once Starfleet security gets more ships up here, we won't have to be in this fight." "So, you're not going to do anything?" "I didn't say that." Carol came onto the Bridge next. "Jim, let Priscilla and me go out in my laser ship," she said. "We can take out some of those ships." Jim just stood there a moment as he looked at Carol and Solan. "You can't go by yourself, Solan," he said. "So I'll take Gordon with me," Solan replied. "Let me go." "He's right," Carol declared. "We can take out some of those ships before they break through the defenses." She stepped closer to Jim. "Our child is down there." Jim frowned. She certainly did not have to remind him of that. He had been thinking about it since they arrived. "Let us go, Jim," Carol said. "We can make a difference. Besides, if they get down to the planet, you may have to do something then, and we don't know whether they are there already." "I know that. You take Solan with you. I want both of you in the weapon ship." Solan wanted to protest that. "That's an order," Jim said sternly. They both swallowed any protests they wanted to make. "Yes sir," Solan replied. Carol and Solan left the Bridge. The ship was rocked by one of the war birds. "Jim, Carol's weapon has a cloaking device," Spock reminded him. "And so does the Enterprise." Jim was not really used to all this new technology they had acquired. "It won't do any good for us to be cloaked now," he said. "We have to stop them. Doesn't the space dock have weapons? Why aren't they firing?" "That is a mystery." "Well, I think it's a mystery that needs to be solved." "What are you planning to do?" "You stay with the Enterprise. I'll take the Klingons with me, and Mister Gordon. We'll take a ship and go down there if we have to." "Admiral, I must object," Spock said. "I know," Jim replied. "But I'm not the captain of this ship. You are. Now, take your ship and fight off those Romulans when we launch." "Yes, Admiral." Jim left the Bridge and hurried toward the shuttle bay. He could hear Spock announcing to the shuttle bay that he would be arriving. He decided he would wear an electro-suit so that if he ended up trying to evade attackers, he could avoid scanning. He thought there had to be someone attacking down there on that space dock or they would be firing. He wanted to stop this jamming as well so they could communicate with each other. He stopped at an intercom module in the corridor to his quarters. "Mister Gordon," he said. "Yes sir," Gordon answered. "I want you to meet me in the shuttle bay. Wear an electro-suit." "Yes sir." Gordon was surprised by that, but he supposed he was about to go on an away mission. Jim went on into his quarters and changed into his electro-suit. As he was about to head for the shuttle bay, Grakar and Korax were coming that way. "Just the two Klingons I was looking for," Jim said. "I want you to go on an away mission with me." "We are ready," Grakar replied. "Meet me in the shuttle bay." Jim headed for the medical bay, but before he got there, Priscilla met him in the corridor. "I would like to go with you, Admiral," she said. "How do you know about this mission?" he asked. "Solan told me." "How does he… never mind. Why do you want to go?" "Because I want to help you." She showed him her claws that had grown into talons. "And I would like to put these to use since I grew them out again." Jim scowled at that. "Why not? Be at the shuttle bay in ten minutes, and get Helek there too." Jim went on into the medical bay where Bones was standing with his arms folded as though he were waiting for him. "Let me guess, you've heard about this mission too?" Jim asked. "I suppose you want me to go with you?" Bones asked. "Never mind. I'll be at the shuttle bay." "Great." Jim turned and left the medical bay and went on to the shuttle bay where his away team was already assembling. Carol and Solan were also still there as they had not launched yet. "Why don't you take my ship?" Solan asked. "It has good shields and weapons." "Thanks, Solan," Jim replied. "Just take care of the old girl." "Right. You take care of my old girl." Solan shook his head. "I'm gonna tell her you said that." Jim smiled. "Go ahead…and good luck." "You too." Jim went over to Solan's ship which was definitely different than the shuttles they had on the Enterprise. It was bigger and looked similar to the K'Normian ship he had used before, although this ship had been modified to the liking of the captain. Jim had seen Solan working on that ship, and Scotty had even helped him some. He thought they tinkered with it when they were on long trips through space. Solan realized Priscilla was going with Jim. "Don't get your claws hung in anything down there," Solan said. "Do not worry," Priscilla replied, and kissed him. "I will have my claws in you again soon." Jim rolled his eyes at that remark and walked on to the ship he would be piloting. His eyes met Carol's as she was climbing up into the weapon ship that she had designed. He realized he was very tired of wondering if they would see each other again. He wondered if he had become accustomed to sitting at a desk now. He went on into Solan's ship and went up to the cockpit. He supposed it was called a cockpit. Would one really call this small area a Bridge? Jim went over the preparatory sequences, and soon had the ship ready to go, and soon, his crew was aboard and ready to go as well. The Enterprise was still being hammered by the war birds, but it was giving them a punishment as well. As Jim left the shuttle bay in Solan's ship, he could see that the Enterprise had sustained some damage, but so had some war birds, and two of them were drifting in space, useless. The other two Federation ships were also helping, and Jim thought they would be winning that fight soon, but he had to know why the space dock was not firing. Jim guided the ship down to the space dock and into the hangar. He did not see any activity there but there were fires burning and ship parts strewn around the hangar. There was also a smaller Klingon ship sitting in the hangar bay. Now that they were in the hangar, they could scan the area. "I'm picking up several beings in the command center," Artie said. "Klingons?" Jim asked as he was setting the ship down. "I'm not sure. It's not giving a clear reading." "Well, then we'll just have to go and see. Artie, I want you to stay here and keep the ship on stand-by while we find out what's happening here." "Yes, Sir." Jim left the pilot's seat and went to the back of the ship. "Korax, you're with me, and you, Priscilla. Grakar, I want you to stay here and guard the ship." "What about me?" Bones asked. He was already outfitted with his electro-suit. "You should stay close to the ship too. If we meet up with trouble, you guys come after us." "Right. Just sit here and wait to put you back together." "Relax, Bones." "I don't know what that word means anymore." Jim pressed the button for the boarding ramp and the ramp lowered. They had their weapons ready as they looked out into the hangar, but there was no one there. Jim descended the ramp, followed by Priscilla, Korax, and Helek. "Obviously, someone's here," Helek said quietly. "Their ship is here." "This is where they can shut down the entire defense system," Jim said. "It's not just a ship dock, it's also the defense command center." "If only you could contact the planet." "If we can get into that command center, we might be able to." They moved over to the corridor that led to the command center. They did not see anyone so they ran down the corridor to the central command center where they had detected others. Just as Jim and the others came into the room, he saw Duras and several others being transported. He knew there could only be one place they were going, but there were still others there. Jim fired at the remaining attackers and fired at the transporter controls so that they could not transport any others to the Earth. He only got two shots off before he had to dive for cover. Korax, Helek, and Priscilla scattered and dived for cover as well. Helek found a power conduit and absorbed some power so that he could take out some of the enemies. Jim kept firing at the others, which was a variety of Klingons, Romulans, and Nausicaans. He thought they must be truly sticking together to try and cause as much havoc as possible for the Federation. "Helek! Take out that transporter!" he yelled. Helek nodded as his eyes were glowing with an electrical charge now. He moved to a better position so that he could get a clear shot at the transporter controls. He started to fire at it, but a Romulan had a clear shot at him as well. Helek had to absorb that shot before he could concentrate on his goal again. However, he fired at the Romulan first, but missed so he fired another blast at the transporter controls as the Romulan was ducking for cover. He could see the electrical charge spread over the transporter controls, but he would have to fire again to fry the controls. Jim fired at the Klingons who were trying to stop him from helping to take out that transporter. He looked toward Korax and Priscilla who were also in the fire fight. "Korax, can you help Helek take out those transporter controls?" he asked. "I will attempt to get a better shot at those Romulans," Korax replied. He moved to the other end of the panels that they were using for cover. Helek was there getting ready to fire another blast at the controls. "Hold them off while I fire another shot," Helek said. Korax stood up so he could see the two Romulans. As he fired, Helek fired another energy bolt at the transporter controls and they exploded in a brilliant display of sparks. He and Korax hid behind the panel again. "Well, that took care of that," Helek said. "What does the Admiral want us to do next?" Korax asked. "I don't know, but we sure can't transport down to the planet from here." "We must get back to the ship." They crawled back over to Jim. "What now?" Helek asked. "Are we going down to the planet?" "Of course," Jim replied as he fired at the Romulans again. "We have to get down there and stop them from whatever they're doing. They may have ships down there too now that this station is inoperable." "How did he accomplish this?" Jim frowned. He knew he had a part in that and it made him angry. He had to go down there and stop whatever Duras was doing, and ever how many warriors he had down there as well. "Let's get back to the ship," he said. "We can't do anymore good here." They began making their way toward the corridor that led back to the hangar where the ship was. "Maybe they can just transport us back," Jim said. He grabbed his communicator. "Mister Gordon, can you transport us to the ship?" Gordon was silent a moment. "There's a lot of interference, Sir," he replied. "I'm not getting a strong enough signal." "We're on our way back there. Get the ship ready for a fast departure. Is the Klingon ship powering up?" "Uh, well, we've already had a little conflict with them. They tried to get onto our ship but Doctor McCoy and I discouraged them. I don't think they're powering up yet." Jim and the others got into the corridor and ran to the hangar which was still empty except for some deceased Federation technicians who had confronted the Klingons when they arrived. They hurried back to Solan's ship, and Jim waited till the others were aboard before he ran up the boarding ramp. He ran to the cockpit and dropped into the pilot's seat. "Let's get down to Earth!" he said as he was lifting the ship and turning it toward the exit. They were soon outside the space dock and could see the battle still going on, including the Enterprise and some other Federation ships, even the Excelsior. The Excelsior was larger than the other ships so it was definitely not as maneuverable, but it had powerful weapons. Jim turned his ship toward the Earth and dived for the atmosphere. He had to find out what those Klingons were doing down there. This was an expected attack, but obviously someone had not been expecting them to take out the space dock. As he got down into the atmosphere, he could see that there were indeed ships…lots of them. Bones was behind Jim looking out the viewport. "Jim…" "I see it," Jim interrupted. "They're attacking Starfleet Headquarters, but there's a lot of resistance. Maybe we can defeat them." "Admiral, the scanners are not working," Artie said. "They're still producing those jamming signals." "Try to find a way around that." "I didn't have time to fit Solan's ship with a jammer like the Enterprise." "We have to find a way! We can't coordinate our attacks if we can't communicate with each other." Artie was thinking, trying to find a way to disrupt the jamming signal. "We're just not equipped for that," he said. "If we could send out a signal that is stronger, it could disrupt it and give them a powerful headache." Jim smiled at the thought of that. "You mean a signal that would make their communication system squeal in their ears?" "Yeah. But we don't have the equipment to do that." "Boy, I wish Mister Scott was here." Priscilla was thinking. "The signal would have to go through our communication system, would it not?" she asked. "Yeah," Gordon replied. "Solan and I have been working on something lately that would disrupt jamming." Jim looked around at her. "Like what?" "It is an amplifying device which would send a sound wave back through the jamming signal and create feedback enough to…like Solan said, blow out their eardrums?" Jim almost laughed at that. "Did he get it to work?" "It has not been tested." "Can you show us how to use it? There's no time like the present." "I will show Mister Gordon the device." Artie followed Priscilla from the cockpit. Jim was surprised that Solan had been working on something like that. He sure hoped it would work. He was firing at some of the Klingon ships that were in battle with more Federation ships. Priscilla showed Artie the device. "That's it?" Artie asked as he looked at the device which looked like some sort of cross between a communicator and a data pad. "Yes," Priscilla said. "It has to be hooked up to the communication system, and then it detects the jamming signal. Once it deciphers the signal, it can create one that will send a signal back along the same signal, creating a feedback." "Kinda like the squeal of an amplification system," Artie said thoughtfully. "Yes." "And Solan explained all this to you." "Yes. We spend time together working on his ship sometimes." "Awesome." Artie took the device to the cockpit. "Now, if I can figure out how to hook this up to the communication system, we might have something going," he said as he got down in the floor. Jim thought this was a familiar situation, except that the outcome would be completely different. They were not trying to disorient their enemies but disrupt their jamming frequency. "This might just fry that jammer," Artie said from under the front console. "I've never seen such a mess. How does he know what he's working on?" Jim smiled. "Just get it done, Artie," he replied. He fired at a Romulan ship which turned to pursue them. The ship rocked with a blast from the Romulan ship. Jim rolled the ship the other way, avoiding another blast. "Can you avoid making me sick while I do this?" Artie asked, but then he looked from under the console at Jim, remembering who he was talking to. "Admiral?" "I'm kinda in a firefight here, Artie," Jim replied without looking at him. He turned around the side of a mountain and the pursuing Romulan ship missed him with the next blast as well. Korax got into the co-pilot's seat and took over firing controls so that Jim could concentrate more on maneuvering. As they twisted and turned through valleys, Korax fired at the Romulan ship every time it was in his line of fire. As Jim came out of the valley he had wound through, he saw another ship that had joined the fight, which was Carol's weapon ship. She fired at the Romulan that was pursuing Jim as he dived below her weapon. Jim thought Solan must be flying that ship with that maneuver. He had never seen Carol fly in such a way. "Artie, are you making any progress down there?" Jim asked. "I've just about figured out where to attach this thing," Artie replied. "Gotta get it attached to a power relay too. If you could only see this mess…" "Never mind that, just hurry." Jim dived down toward the ground again as another Romulan ship came right at him, firing as he came. Just as he evaded that ship, he met a Klingon ship which hit them with a glancing shot. The ship rocked wildly with that one. "Shields at eighty percent," Korax reported as he was attempting to get a lock on the ship that had fired at them. Jim rolled the ship again and attempted to get behind the Klingon ship, but the Romulan ship fired at him from the front and Jim had to evade that shot and got one off himself which hit the Romulan ship. Carol and Solan were seeing the whole thing. "He's a better pilot than I thought," Solan remarked as he was flying the weapon ship so that Carol could concentrate on aiming and firing since they were in a complicated battle. Carol did not reply to that remark, but she knew how skilled Jim was at piloting a ship. He was also one of those who pushed a ship to its limits. "There's a bird of prey right there," she said. "Let's take that one out!" "I see it." Solan turned the ship toward the bird of prey and accelerated as much as possible in that ship which he thought was not as maneuverable as his own ship. "You need to tweak this thing so the stick is looser." "What?" "Never mind. I'm coming up on that war bird." "I'm aiming." Solan watched the laser hit the war bird and penetrate the shields, and then make a hole in the side of the ship. "Aim at the propulsion system!" "I'm working on that!" Jim could see that Carol and Solan were about to take out a war bird, but there were more. However, there were also more Federation ships. He thought Admiral Winston must have called more to Earth before the Klingons arrived. "You ready with that thing yet, Artie?" Jim asked. "Almost," Artie replied. "Just one more thing." "As soon as we have that jamming off, we're going to let Carol and Solan know that we're going down to the planet." "Okay, it's ready." "Activate it!" Artie activated the device and they heard a piercing sound for a moment and then it was sent out over the jamming signal. Suddenly, several of the Klingon and Romulan ships seemed to waver in their course. "The jamming signal's gone!" Jim said. He turned on the intercom. "Carol, you read me?" "Loud and clear!" Carol replied. "You used my feedback device," Solan said. "We did. See if you can contact the Enterprise. I'm going to see if I can contact Starfleet headquarters." "Right." Jim changed frequencies and sent a hail to Starfleet. He got a reply in only a few seconds. "Kirk?" Admiral Winston said. "Admiral!" Jim replied. "What's going on down there?" "Duras and his Klingons have come down to the planet." "I realize that. Have they gotten into headquarters?" "Not yet, but they have caused a lot of trouble at Starfleet Academy. They have destroyed two buildings." "I'm in Solan's ship at the moment. I intend to come down there and see what we can do. They destroyed the space dock, or nearly. It's inoperative. That's where they went to transport down to the planet, and they must have shut down the shields from there as well." "I believe your assessment is correct, Admiral Kirk. We have to stop them." "We're working on that, Sir…just don't let them capture you." Winston was silent a moment. "Thank you for your concern, Kirk, but I'm going to fight." "Sir…" "No arguments. Winston out." The transmission ended, and almost instantly, he received a hail from the Enterprise. "Kirk here," he said. "Admiral, we have some reinforcements from Kronos," Spock said. "We are gaining an advantage in this space battle." "Great. Just keep up the good work, Spock. I'm about to go down to the planet." "Jim, you should be cautious." "I will." Jim ended that transmission and maneuvered away from the battle to land the ship in an area outside the city but close to Starfleet headquarters. "Bones, you, Helek, Korax, and Priscilla are with me," he said. "Artie, you keep that jamming system down, and Grakar try to take out more of those ships if you have to." "It will be done," Grakar replied. Just then, Carol's ship landed close to them. Solan and Carol disembarked and hurried over to Solan's ship where Jim was coming down the boarding ramp. "That was some nice flying," Solan said. "Thanks," Jim replied. "Coming from you, I'll consider that a compliment." "So, what are you about to do?" "What do you think? We're going to help do what fighting from the air can't do." "I'll go with you." "We're gonna need all the help we can get." "I'm coming too," Carol said. She looked into Jim's eyes. "I want to find Alex." Jim nodded. "Me too. He's wherever Mom is." Carol and Solan retrieved some weapons. Jim looked toward the city where they could see smoke rising in places. "Well, let's get moving," he said. "I want this to be Duras's last attack." Just as they were about to head into the city, a swirl of light caused them to stop and raise their weapons. However, it was not a Klingon, but Ajah. "I thought you could use some more help," he said as his whole form appeared. "Sure," Jim replied.
Jim and his group hurried through the forest that surrounded the area they were going to. The forest was well-kept and did not have thick underbrush. This forest was on the outskirts, and not far from Starfleet Academy. They could hear explosions and hear the war birds flying as they ran. Jim had to wonder where his mother had gone with Alex, but he did not have time to call her right now. They soon came out behind the dorms of the campus and stopped short of going out of the edge of the forest. The others came up around Jim as they all looked through the clearing between the buildings. Suddenly, someone was coming up behind them and they all turned expecting trouble, but it was Jayla. They had not seen her in a long time, but it was her, and she was not dressed in a Starfleet Academy uniform, but she was wearing something similar to what she had been wearing the first time they met her, but different. "Jayla," Jim said quietly. "You could have gotten shot." "I saw you as you were coming through the forest," Jayla replied. "You know of the attack on the Academy, do you not?" "We're learning about it. Do you know what's going on?" "They have destroyed two buildings so far, and damaged more. There are many who have been fighting, and some have died." "Do you know if Duras is here?" "I do not know who is Duras." "He's the leader of these rogue Klingons. Do you know how many are in there?" "No. There are many." "Are you the only one out here?" "No. When we became overwhelmed, some of us fled." "Do you have weapons?" "Yes. We were trying to create a plan." "Take me to them." They followed Jayla further into the forest where there was a cave that they would not have seen had she not taken them into it. It was surrounded by trees and bushes, and they had to climb down into the cave. Bones was looking around him as he climbed down in there. He thought he might be feeling like something was crawling on him for the rest of the day. Jayla took them to a cavern where there were lights placed that lit up the whole area. When the cadets saw who had come in, they all jumped to their feet and stood at attention. "At ease," Jim said. He could see the surprised looks on their faces. He was glad to see there were at least twenty of them. "Any of you ever fought Klingons?" Of course, none of them raised their hands. "Well, I guess this is when you're going to learn," Jim said. "You should have all had hand to hand combat training." He got a positive reaction to that statement. "Good. Any of you ever fought with a sword?" Some of them raised their hands for that question. "Bat'leths?" he asked. He was not surprised that none of them had fought with bat'leths. He knew these young people had no fighting experience like they were about to face, but they were what he had to work with. It reminded him of when he was on Lemma II. He had had to work with inexperienced people then too, but they were determined, and they had fought. "We don't have much time. Once we get out there, we're going to be facing warriors, and we have to be better than they are, and we're going to take their weapons and use them against their comrades. It won't be easy. You're students at Starfleet Academy, studying to be officers, and you have to do that sooner than you expected." Bones and the others just looked at the young cadets. They could remember when they were cadets. "You're going to do fine," Jim said. He turned to his group. "When we get out there, we may have to split up. If we do, we'll split up with them." "Like Lemma Two," Solan said. Jim nodded. "Yeah. We have to get out there and try to do something about this, and we'll pick up more officers as we go, I'm sure." "There should be plenty." "If we split up, I want you to take Priscilla and Korax, and half the troops. I'll take the others. I want to find Duras. We can't let him escape this time. He's bold enough to come down here to Earth. I want to find him." "What if we don't?" Jim frowned. "We're going to." He looked at the others. "All of you lose those red shirts. We don't want to attract anymore attention than necessary." The others all followed Jim from the cave and they headed back toward the academy. They stopped where they had stopped before. Jim moved up between the buildings they were behind and looked out into the courtyard. There was definitely fighting going on out there. He looked back at his followers. "Let's move!" he whispered. The others all came up to him and could see the battle going on. It was mostly a hand to hand combat battle. Jim moved out into the open and stopped suddenly. Solan looked at where Jim was looking and could see Duras staring right back. "Jim, what do you want us to do?" Solan asked. "Fight," Jim replied. "But Duras is mine." Carol stood beside him as Solan and the others headed out to join the battle. They looked at each other. Carol knew there was no reason to tell him not to go. "Be careful," she said. "I always am," Jim replied. With that, Jim turned and ran toward Duras who moved out into the courtyard away from the rest of the fray. "Admiral Kirk!" he said. "I did not expect to see you walking." Jim glared at him. "I have a very good doctor," he replied. "So, now we will fight to the death." Duras drew out his bat'leth. "Will you fight with honor?" Jim drew the bat'leth that he had with him too. "I always fight with honor," he replied. "I couldn't say the same about you." He hoped that was a serious insult for Klingons. Duras was silent a moment. "I have never fought without honor." "You captured and tortured me. You call that honor? You tortured Admiral Carson…" Jim felt like his rage would consume him. "You see what you have helped us to do!" Duras said. "You are weak!" Jim knew Duras was trying to get him to attack first just out of rage, but he stood there. He remembered when he faced Curly Bill who was so confident in his ability to draw a gun. He supposed he could jerk out his blaster and end this fight very quickly, but somehow, he could not do that. He had already been humiliated. As Jim waited, suddenly, Duras attacked. He swung his bat'leth with precision and skill, but Jim thought he was becoming accustomed to dodging bat'leths. As he dodged, he swung his own bat'leth, which Duras barely blocked, and then their bat'leths clanged together again. Jim did not think much about what he was doing, he was just moving and blocking. Solan and the others were fighting as well. He was surprised as the cadets did not even hesitate. Some of them were fighting with phasers and others were hand to hand. He also noticed that not all the attackers were Klingons, Romulans, and Nausicaans. There were humans among them as well. As they were fighting, more Klingons were transported to the area. However, these Klingons were not on Duras's side. One of them was Dapodi. He ran right into the fray without hesitation, as did the other Klingons who were there fighting for Earth. Bones had backed up so that he could see Jim and Duras. It was a furious battle to say the least, but Bones could see that Jim was not backing down, and he thought he was probably fighting with all the fury he had built up over the last few months. Bones hated the sight of those bat'leths being swung. They were razor sharp and could cut off limbs…or heads. As Jim and Duras fought, Duras was backing up, and finally, he ran into the forest. "Coward!" Jim yelled. "Am I the coward, or are you?" Duras asked. "Will you come after me?" Jim wondered why Duras was trying to lure him out into that forest. He could not forget the torture he had endured. He had no desire to be captured again even if he was called a coward. "I won't allow you to lure me into a trap!" Jim yelled. "I thought our fight was to the death!" "It will be." "Then you come out of there!" Bones came to the end of the building that Jim was standing in front of. "You can't go out there after him!" he declared. "He's luring you out there for a reason!" "Don't worry, I'm not going!" Jim replied. Just then, Korax came over to them. "Duras!" he yelled. "You will be slated a coward! It will be told throughout the Klingon Empire! You have run from a human!" Just then, they heard a yell of rage as Duras came running from the forest with his bat'leth ready. He swung it at Korax, but Korax was ready and blocked that attack. He and Duras faced each other. "This is now my fight," Korax declared. "You have seen your final day, Duras!" Jim could see that Duras was furious because he was being backed into a corner. He either had to fight or be dubbed a coward. Jim thought that was probably the worst thing to a Klingon. Jim looked toward the big fight that was going on. "Bones, you should be over there helping the injured," he said. "I was worried about you," Bones replied. "I'm fine!" Bones hurried back toward the fray that looked like some sort of huge sporting event right in the middle of the courtyard. He got over to one injured cadet who was sitting beside the wall. He could see that he had a stab wound and a blaster wound. He dragged him around the corner of the building away from the chaos as much as possible, and began treating him. Jim had joined the others in the battle, but he could see that the attackers were becoming few in number. He wanted to get inside the main building and find out what was going on in there. "Solan!" he called. Solan looked at him as he finished off another Romulan. "Come with me!" Jim said. "They can handle this from here on!" Solan and Carol went with Jim and they hurried around the building. Bones was finishing up his treatment of the injured cadet. "You're gonna be fine," he said. "But you need to be at the hospital. Stay here till someone comes to get you." Bones got up and went after Jim and the others. The rest of his team joined them as well and they went into the main building of the Academy. There was no one in the main office as they entered. Jim kept his blaster rifle ready as they moved down the hallway, and the others followed him. He knew the control room for everything on this campus was in this building, and if Duras and his crowd wanted to get control of it, this was where they had to go. As they went around the next corridor, they were suddenly face to face with several cadets. "Hold your fire!" the Commander with them said, but it was too late. Jim was hit with three stun bolts as he could not move fast enough to avoid them. He hit the floor hard, wishing he had kept on that electro-suit. He thought he was glad they had been using stun as he saw Solan lean over him. Solan was completely angry. "What do you think you're doing!?" he exclaimed. "Can't you look before you shoot at someone!? That's Admiral Kirk!" The cadets were visibly terrified, but the Commander glared at Solan. "Do you realize there are humans fighting with those Klingons!" he asked. "We've been fighting off humans and Klingons!" "We noticed, but…" "That's enough of that!" Bones declared. "Have they made it to the command center?" "We don't know," Commander Green replied. "Well, he's out cold, so I guess that means you're leading until he wakes up!" Bones stepped closer to him. "Just why were they using stun? We're sure glad they were." Commander Green looked uncomfortable. "Well, they've never been in battles before and…I was afraid something like this would happen. I've been trying to keep them alive." Bones looked at the cadets who looked incredibly young. "I guess we can't have a better explanation, but I'm not sure Jim is going to be so understanding." He looked at Solan. "What do we do now? He was going to make sure they haven't taken over that command center cause then they can get even more of their crowd down here." "All I can say is there better be some people who are ready to fight," Solan declared. "And they better be paying attention to who they're shooting at." "What about Jim?" Solan was thinking. "You and Carol stay with him, and we're gonna get to that command center with or without anyone else!" Bones nodded. "Just be careful," he said. Solan, Priscilla, Helek, Ajah, and Jayla headed on down the hallway. Bones looked at the others. "You guys are going to help us get Jim out of this hallway and into a more secure room," Bones said. "Now, get to it." The commander was not ready to take orders from a doctor, and he did not even know who Solan was. "I don't have to take orders from you," he declared. "You need to take them from someone!" Bones replied. "You people from that Enterprise crew. You think you're so high and mighty!" "Look, you can report me and do whatever you want if we all get out of this alive! Right now, help us get Jim out of this hallway!" Carol was just about to get angry herself. The cadets got over to Jim and picked him up. "I know where we can go," one of them said. "Follow me." They all moved down another hallway to a doorway that was the only one on that hallway. Commander Green put the key code in so that they could get in. They went into the room and lay Jim on a sofa. Carol looked at the bruises on his face where he had already been fighting again. Bones squatted beside the sofa and scanned Jim. "No telling when he'll wake up," he said. He looked at Carol. "We need him in this." "Isn't there some way you can wake him up?" Carol asked. "Not from stun bolts. And he was hit with more than one." "They were just scared." "I realize that, but anyone has to take that split second to look at who they're shooting at. I mean, what if they hadn't been using stun bolts?" Carol had already thought of that. "I wish we had worn the electro-suits," she said. "Then he wouldn't have been knocked out." "Too late for those regrets now. Maybe we can wake him up if we…" Bones pulled Jim up so he was sitting. "Hey, Jim, wake up," he said and shook him. "Come on, Jim!" "Maybe if I kiss him," Carol said. Bones scowled at that suggestion. "Well, I guess anything's worth a try. Go ahead." Carol kissed Jim and lingered. "Jim, you need to wake up," she said. "Come on." She kissed him again, but he did not move. "You're just going to make him dream like that." "Well, what can we do?" Bones pulled Jim up again. "Jim, if you don't wake up, I'm going to tell Carol about all those women you dated while you were in this Academy," he said and waited. "I know about those women," Carol said. "Try something else." "You mean he told you about all that and you still married him?" "Doctor McCoy!" "Sorry. Sometimes I forget my manners." Bones shook Jim again. "If you don't wake up, I'm going to slap you! I'll pour cold water on you!" He leaned Jim back on the sofa. "This isn't working." Carol got onto the sofa and leaned close to Jim. "Jim, we have to find Alex!" she said. "We don't know where he is or what's happening to him!" Jim's hand shook then and he moved his head slightly. "I think he heard that," Bones said. He wished they were on their way to find Alex himself. "Come on, Jim! We need you to lead us! As bad as I hate to say that, it's true!" "Couldn't you give him something to help?" Carol asked. Bones thought. "Well, I could, but I don't think it will work." "It's worth a try!" Bones took out a hypospray and put in the medication. He programmed a dose for Jim and then stuck it in his neck. They waited a moment and then began trying to wake him up again. Solan and the others were still on their way to the command center. Solan stopped at a corner. He hated looking around corners but it was necessary. He looked around the corner with his weapon ready but did not see anyone. "You sure this is the way to that command center?" he asked. "Yes," Jayla replied. "I have been there." "Great." They went on down that hallway and around the next corner. The command center was in the middle of the building which was not a small building by any means. They soon came to the center which was surrounded by windows. Solan could hardly believe there were no guards out there watching, but he could see that there were several in the command center, and he knew they were going to see them if they came around that last corner. "So what do we do?" Jayla asked. "I don't know," Solan replied. "We have to find a way to distract them so we can get a stun grenade in there." "I will distract them," Priscilla volunteered as she was taking her hair down. She fluffed up her long hair. "Wait a minute. You're not doing that." "Why not? They don't know me." "They won't fall for that." "They're men, aren't they?" "Yeah, well, they're not here looking for a woman." "I can still distract them while you sneak around back. I guarantee they'll all be looking my way." "She's right," Jayla agreed. "Even if they're not looking for a woman, they will be distracted. She can pretend she is hurt or something." "They could just shoot her!" Solan said. "No! You're not doing that. We'll find another way." Priscilla folded her arms. "So, what other ideas do you have?" she asked. Solan was thinking. "We don't have time to stand here and debate," Jayla declared. "They're going to have control of this and it will help them get control of the rest of the place." "No one has seen me with you." "They sure do know you're not with Duras," Solan reminded her. "We'll get to the back over there and make a hole in that glass and throw the stun grenade in." "But if there was a distraction, it would be easier," Priscilla said. "Look, we have to get something done now," Helek declared. "We don't have time to stand here and argue. Wow. I wish Admiral Kirk was here." "Why not let Helek and me make a distraction?" Ajah asked. "Like what?" Solan asked. "Just watch." Helek and Ajah began making a ball of electricity between them, and then they got to the edge of the corridor and threw it at the front entrance to the command center. Once everyone in that room was looking that way, Solan and Priscilla hurried around to the back of the room and Priscilla cut a hole in the glass with her claws. Solan armed the stun grenade and threw it into the room. They hid as the grenade exploded and stunned everyone who was not on the outside of the room. "Well, that takes care of that," Solan said. "Now, let's get these guys secured." "How?" Helek asked. "It's not like there's a prison out here." "We have to find something. Stop asking how about everything and just do it." "Yes sir." Solan frowned as he heard that sarcasm in Helek's voice when he said that, but they got the invaders secured, and then went on around to the next corridor. They were surprised that they did not find anyone else. "Let's get back and see if the admiral is awake now," Solan said. "I kinda doubt it," Jayla replied. When they got back to the room where Jim was, Bones actually had him up trying to get him to walk. Jim's head was drooping and he was barely staying on his feet. "Solan, help me," Bones said. Solan got on the other side of Jim and that helped keep him steadier. "How did you get him up?" Solan asked. "Determination," Bones replied. "Come on, Jim." "We sure do need him awake." "You don't have to tell me that." Carol retrieved her phaser rifle and made sure it was ready. "Priscilla and I are going to find Alex," she said. "You can't do that," Bones said. "Jim would never allow you to go out there alone." "Jim isn't in a position to tell me anything. I want to find my child, and I'm going. When you get him to wake up, you can tell him." "Carol, you can't do that!" Solan declared. "At least take Helek with you." "Fine." Helek went with Carol and Priscilla. "You know what Jim is going to do to us if something happens to her?" Bones asked. "What are we supposed to do? Tie her up?" Solan asked. "Maybe he knows how stubborn she is." "He'd just tell her not to go, but we're not in command here." "It's not easy being in command." "You can say that again. No one wants to listen to me. They all argue with me." "That's because you have no authority." "I try to." "You should have let Jim give you a rank instead of just a designation as a security officer." "Well, I didn't want a rank. I just helped around the ship." "Yeah and that's the price you pay for not having authority." They finally gave up on getting Jim to wake up and set him up on the sofa. "What should we do?" Solan asked. "Would he want us to go out after Carol and the others?" "I wish he was in a safer place," Bones replied. "We need something for transportation." "I'll go get my ship and I'll pick you guys up here." "Good. At least we can get him out of here, but Grakar may be flying it." "I'll contact them." Ajah stayed with Bones as Solan hurried from the room. "Perhaps it would be better if we were in the command center with the Commander and the others," Ajah said. "I doubt it," Bones replied. "They're the ones who caused this. But maybe they can keep it under control." Solan left that building and contacted Grakar. "I need you to bring my ship," he said. "We have to get the Admiral out of this building." "Why?" Grakar asked. "What has happened?" "I'll tell you later. Just come on. We have to get out of here. There are no more enemies in this building. They can lock it down once we're out." "Right. We'll be there momentarily." Solan went back inside and informed the commander that they could lock that building down once they were out. "And keep it that way," Solan said. "I'm going to report you when this is over," Commander Green replied. "They're gonna know how disrespectful you are toward officials." "Yeah, well, you're gonna have a hard time proving that when Admiral Kirk gets done talking," Bones declared. "I suggest you be respectful yourself and get control of your troop there." Solan and Bones got Jim up between them, and Ajah went before them just in case anyone else showed up. However, as they were going down the next corridor, one of the cadets caught up with them. "Doctor McCoy, may I accompany you?" he asked. "Just follow along," Bones replied without looking at him. "What's your name?" "Brian Peters, Sir." "Don't call me sir. Just get up there with Ajah and keep watch." Peters hurried up beside Ajah and they went on to the front entrance. Solan's ship was waiting when they got up there, and as they got outside, Korax was there, and he was wounded with pinkish blood everywhere. "Duras is dead," he said. "He will no longer plague the galaxy with hatred." "Get to the ship," Bone said. They all got to Solan's ship and went inside. They put Jim on a bed, but Bones had to tend to Korax's wounds as best he could. "Klingons do not usually accept treatment," Korax said. "Well, you're getting it today," Bones replied. "I have learned that it is pointless to suffer." They were both jolted as the ship made a turn toward the sky and was immediately in the fray again. "Won't it make a difference since you killed Duras?" Bones asked. "My House is now dominant over his," Korax replied. "However, another will take his place as the leader of the rebels." "So no matter what we do, they're gonna still be fighting." "Unless the new leader can be reasoned with. However, you also have the other races involved. It is up to them." When Bones was done with Korax, he went up to the cockpit. "Solan, let's go to the apartment complex where Jim's mother lives," he said. "I don't know where his mom lives," Solan replied. "I'm gonna show you. That has to be where Carol would go first." Just then, Solan had to dodge some shots from Klingon ships. "If she even made it there," he said. "I don't know how she could make it through all this." Bones was worried about that, but there was nothing they could do to stop her. She was being driven by motherhood. "Just get over there and we'll see what's going on." Solan managed to get over to the apartment complex which was not that far from where Jim and Carol lived. He transported Bones down to the building and he ran inside. He was glad he was wearing his electro-suit as he met up with three Nausicaans with their lances. He also had a blaster rifle and he did not hesitate to use it. Bones thought he was either getting better at this or he was just around Jim too much. He ran down the hallway that led to apartments. He knew which Jim's mom lived in, but he did not expect her to be there. As he rounded the next corner, he found no one in the hallway, so he ran down to the right apartment and knocked. "Come on," he said. "Mrs. Kirk, if you're in here, let me in!" he called. Winona Kirk was not in her apartment, but she was in the one across the hallway, but she heard Doctor McCoy. She ran to the door and looked out and could see McCoy out there in the hallway. She opened the door. "Doctor McCoy," she said. She could see that he was visibly startled, but he hurried over to her. "Alex is here, right?" Bones asked. "Yes," Winona answered. "We have to get the two of you out of here. Have you seen Carol?" "No." Bones sighed. "She was coming this way. I don't know where she is now." Just as he said that, they heard someone in the hallway. "Mom!" They looked out the door, and Carol, Priscilla, and Helek were there. "Get in here!" Bones said. They all came into the apartment which was vacant, but Winona had gotten into it. "I was afraid they would come here after us," she said. "You were right," Bones replied. "Where is Jim?" "Well, that's kinda a long story, but let's get to Solan's ship before we tell it." They hurried out to the back of the building. "Solan, come and get us," Bones said into the communicator. "We're at the back of the building." Solan was soon there and they were soon aboard the ship. Carol sat down beside Jim and just held Alex. She was glad to have the two people that she loved more than any in the galaxy within her reach again. "Why is Daddy asleep?" Alex asked. "He's okay," Carol replied. "He'll wake up soon." Bones was pacing back and forth. "What are we going to do?" he asked. He did not want to spill out what he was thinking in front of Alex, but he knew he did not need to be on this ship in the middle of a battle. Winona sat beside Jim as well. She wanted to know what happened to him. She touched his hand and he felt normal. Carol stood up. "I think I'll take Alex in there to take a nap," she said. "I could use one myself." When she was gone, Bones got over to Jim. "He was stunned," he said. "How long has he been out?" Winona asked. "I'm not sure, but we sure need him to wake up and get back in command of this outfit." "Can't you wake him?" "I tried. He was hit with more than one stun bolt, and it just takes time. He was starting to stir earlier, but he just couldn't wake up. Now that we're here, we can try again." Bones pulled Jim up and shook him. "Admiral Kirk!" he yelled, trying to sound like Admiral Winston. "On your feet!" He waited a moment, but Jim did not even flinch. "I thought sure that would work." Winona stood up. "James Tiberius Kirk!" she said. "Get your behind up!" Jim flinched more that time and actually moved his head. "You heard me, young man!" Winona said. "This is no time to sleep!" She slapped him on the thigh. "Mom!" Jim said groggily. Bones could hardly believe that worked. "Jim, open your eyes!" he said. Jim opened his eyes slightly and almost closed them, but Bones shook him. "NO!" he said. "Don't go back to sleep! Come on!" He pulled Jim up and Ajah helped him keep him up. "Jim, come on, you're almost there." Jim looked at him. "What?" he asked. "Jim, you have to snap out of this!" "Snap out of what?" "You were stunned. Don't you remember?" Jim seemed to consider that and then his eyes widened. "Bones?" "Yeah. Now, you're waking up." "My legs feel weird." "Well, we're about to work on that." "What happened?" "You were hit with a bunch of stun bolts." Jim realized his mother was beside him. "Mom?" "They came after Alex and me," she said. "So Alex is here." "Yes." Jim looked around them. "And we're on Solan's ship." "Yes." "What's going on now?" Jim asked. "We're trying to figure out what to do," Bones said. "It's hard to get plans together when the admiral is unconscious, and…we did get into the headquarters at the Academy and we got Commander Green back into the command center." "Who's Commander Green?" "Trust me, you don't want to know." "Why not?" "He's one of the most uncooperative people I've ever seen." "Well, why don't you just tell me everything that happened?" "Fine…"
Jim sat in the co-pilot's seat of Solan's ship after they had told him what had happened while he was unconscious. He had talked to Admiral Winston and the Romulan ships had retreated after the Klingon armada from Kronos had arrived and got involved in the battle. Plus, more Federation ships had arrived. Korax had defeated Duras, but they knew it would not be the end of the rogue Klingons. Admiral Winston had also told him that it was suspected that more of the rogues were on the planet, perhaps lurking in the forests. Jim just stared out the front viewport of the ship at the moon which he could see clearly since they were back out in space. He could also see space debris out there where ships had been destroyed and a lot of people had died. Not that the fighting was over. He was just not sure what his place in all this was at the moment. He wanted to find a safe place for Alex and his mom. Artie came to the cockpit. "Sir, we're being hailed by the Enterprise," he said. Jim nodded. "Open a channel," he replied. In a moment, Spock appeared on the small screen that was Solan's communication system. "Admiral, I would like to know what your next orders are," Spock said. "I haven't decided that yet, Spock. Is everyone okay on the Enterprise?" "Yes. We did not lose anyone. Repairs are being made now." "Good." Spock was silent a moment. "Jim, you have been very quiet," he said. "There's not much to say, Spock. They've managed to get onto Earth and destroy things. Who knows how many are still there?" "We will simply continue to search." "Yeah, and they'll continue to attack." Spock was not sure how to respond to Jim's mood. "We will await your instructions," Spock said. Jim nodded. "Kirk out." The transmission ended and Spock sat in the captain's chair. Uhura came over to him. "You think he's blaming himself for all this?" she asked. "I do," Spock said. "And I do not believe anything we can say or do will change his mind." "It isn't his fault." "I know that. However, we will not convince him." The next morning, Jim went down to Starfleet headquarters where he met up with Commander Green for the first time. Green was there filing his complaint that he had threatened to file when Jim walked into Admiral Winston's office which was still intact. "Good morning, Admiral Kirk," Winston said. "Good morning, Sir," Jim replied. "I didn't realize you were in a meeting." "Oh, I thought you should hear this." "Sir, this was a private meeting," Green protested. "But you're accusing Admiral Kirk's team of insubordination and disrespect of an officer. I think he should hear this." Jim had not laid eyes on Green until that moment. "Oh, so you must be Commander Green," he said. "My team told me all about you." "Your team is cocky and insubordinate," Green replied. Jim stepped closer to him. "My team was in the middle of a battle! They knew exactly what they were doing!" "Solan doesn't even have a rank!" "That's because he chooses not to have one!" "He should still be disciplined for the way he talked to me!" "Gentlemen," Admiral Winston interrupted as he stood up. Jim turned toward Winston and stood up straight. "I'm sorry, Admiral," he said. Green stood at attention as well. "Admiral Winston, Kirk's crew from the Enterprise thinks they're better than all the rest of us," he declared. "They think they don't have to follow orders from anyone but him." Winston stopped about an inch from Commander Green. "They weren't required to take orders from anyone but him," he declared. "I believe it was those in your command who caused their leader to be incapacitated." "That was an accident, Sir." "One that shouldn't have happened! You're supposed to maintain control of yourself and the ones following you." "But, Sir, you should have heard how Doctor McCoy and Solan talked to me." Jim forced himself not to smile about that comment. He could imagine how Solan must have reacted. Winston glanced at Jim, but then looked at Green. "Just suppose they had been killed because of your incompetence?" Winston asked. "I can't believe you're in here making this complaint when we're in the middle of the worst battle to ever come to Earth since the twentieth century." "Sir, I was wondering what we do from here," Jim said. "There must be more of them on the Earth. They'll be attacking, burning, and no telling what else and cause all kinds of chaos." "I realize that, Kirk." "I'm surprised they didn't hit this building." "They didn't make it that far. We were ready for them. Although they did get the space dock and got down to the planet, we were still waiting for them." Jim nodded. "I wish we could have gotten Duras out there but it was impossible. But he's dead. Korax killed him in a fight of honor." "There will be another in his place." "I know, but maybe the next one won't be so unreasonable." "Or, he could be worse." Jim fell silent, and Winston looked at Commander Green again. "Are you sure you want to register this complaint?" he asked. Green frowned but then stood up straighter. "Yes, Sir, I do," he replied. "Very well. I'll take it into consideration. You're dismissed." Commander Green turned to leave, not without a glare at Jim as he walked past. Jim waited till the door was closed and then looked at Admiral Winston. "You're not going to actually listen to that, are you, Sir?" Jim asked. "We were in the middle of a fight, and they were upset about…" "I know that, Kirk," Winston replied. "But you know if he registers the complaint, I have to consider it. I never said I would do anything with it." "We could have all been killed because of that." "So, I know you didn't come over here because of that, Kirk. What did you come for?" Jim frowned. "I just wanted to know what our next course of action should be now that things are somewhat quiet," he said. "I've already had a meeting with the committee. All we can really do is just respond to their attacks as they happen and clean up that mess out there. I'm sure you've seen it." "Yes I have. Admiral, I didn't have a chance to talk to you after we returned. I didn't get to tell you what happened out there…" "Admiral Kirk, stand at attention," Winston said. Jim stood at attention, and Winston came over to him. "I've received a report from Captain Spock as well as Doctor McCoy," he said. "Not only them, but from several others on the Enterprise who were there. As far as I'm concerned, you were taken prisoner, tortured, almost killed, and your…crew of friends rescued you, or we would not be standing here having this conversation. You also found out what happened to Admiral Carson, and gave him a proper burial. Now, what could you possibly want to tell me about that situation that's different than that?" Jim just stood there dumbfounded for a moment. He had not known that Spock and the others had talked to Admiral Winston. When did they have time? "I don't know what to say," he said. "Good. That's a first." Jim suddenly had déjà vu again, as he remembered Christopher Pike saying that to him when he did not know what to say. "You know what, Kirk?" Winston asked. "Stay at attention." Jim stood up straighter. "A man who has so many who think so highly of him has nothing to hang his head about. You even have the Klingons defending you." "Sir, I…" "I didn't say you could talk. Get out there and do what you can to help in this mess, and stop blaming yourself for things that you couldn't possibly help. That's an order. Any questions?" "No, Sir," Jim replied. "Dismissed." Jim went out of that office, and he felt like he had been reprimanded. He had to talk to his own crew now…actually, the Enterprise crew was not his crew anymore, but Spock was still under his command, and so were the others. Even Sulu's ship was under his command, and Sulu had been part of that party as well. He had piloted the Enterprise when they came after him. Jim passed by several guards as he was going back down to his own office. When he entered, he found that the windows had been blown out, and glass was everywhere, although it was being cleaned up. "Sir, your office should be ready day after tomorrow," one of the workers said. "Great," Jim replied. "What about the inner office?" "It's the same way, Sir." "Well, I guess I'll be somewhere else then." Jim left the office and went down to the front where there were even more guards. They stood at attention when they saw Jim. "At ease," he said. "Anything happening out there?" "Nothing right now, Sir," one of them answered. Jim took out his communicator. "Solan." Solan was still sitting in the pilot's seat when he received the transmission. He flipped the switch for the intercom. "Solan here," he said. "I'm ready to come back to the ship for now. All we can do is try to help in the cleanup and patrol. I also want to talk to all of you, and we might as well go to the Enterprise because I want to talk to Spock and the others too." "I'll be there in a few minutes." "I'm waiting. Kirk out." Jim stood at the front doors feeling the weight of the blaster that was strapped around him. He thought he might be a little overwhelmed after what Admiral Winston said. He wished he could see those reports his "friends" had made. Soon, Solan contacted Jim to let him know he was there, and Jim went outside. "Beam me up," he said. Jim was soon aboard Solan's ship. He went to the cockpit and sat down in the co-pilot's seat without saying a word. Carol sat down behind him. "What did the admiral say?" she asked. "Nothing much," Jim replied. "Jim, he must have said something. Did he give you new orders?" "Not really." Carol reached and made him look at her. "Jim Kirk, what is going on?" she asked. "Nothing," Jim said. "You're not telling the truth." "Did that Commander Green file a report?" Solan asked. Just then, Bones came in and sat down behind Solan. "He filed a report?" he asked. "He actually did it?" "He did," Jim said. "The admiral didn't reprimand you for that, did he?" "No. Will you guys just cool it? I'll discuss everything with you when we get aboard the Enterprise." Solan looked ahead. "Boy, we must be in for it," he murmured. Bones leaned back in his seat and folded his arms. "I'd like to…" he did not even finish that sentence as Jim looked back at him. "I don't have to be quiet," Carol informed him. Jim looked into her blue eyes. "Well, talk then," he said. "But until I get to the Enterprise and talk to all of you, I'm not saying anymore." Everything was silent until they got to the Enterprise. Spock was waiting when Jim disembarked from Solan's ship. "Welcome aboard, Admiral," Spock said. "Thank you…Captain," Jim replied. "I want to see all of you who were on the team in the Vodrey Nebula in the conference room." "Yes, Admiral." Spock stopped as Jim kept walking. Solan and Bones walked up on each side of him. "He's upset about something," Bones said. "He went to see Admiral Winston. He wouldn't tell us what he said." "I do not see how Admiral Winston could be disappointed at Jim's performance," Spock replied. "Neither do I, but you know how he is. Jim even made Carol be quiet." "He wants quarters for his mom while she's here, by the way," Solan said and walked on. When everything was situated, everyone who was on the team at the Nebula went to the conference room. They all sat around the table except Carol. She stood on the other end of the table from Jim. He just looked at her a moment as she stood with her arms folded. He thought she was just trying to make this hard for him. "We haven't had much time to discuss everything," Jim began. "Although we did discuss a few things. I think all of you know that I went to see Admiral Winston." He paused a moment. "He told me what all of you did. I told you not to do that." "Clarify," Spock interrupted. "You all wrote reports without telling me." "When we go on missions, it is protocol to file a report. Even you cannot demand that we not write a report of the situation." "He's right," Bones said. "Besides, I had to make a medical report about your injuries and everything and I sent it in." "I know you did," Jim replied. He sat down. "You know what Admiral Winston said? And I also met up with Commander Green for the first time." "If he blamed this situation on you, I'll…" Bones began, but stopped with a look from Jim. "Admiral Winston didn't blame me, but Commander Green had something to say about you and Solan." Jim leaned back in his chair. "He reported the two of you to Admiral Winston. I was kinda surprised that you guys could be so insubordinate, but I guess I shouldn't be, should I? I've let you get away with arguing with me." "Jim, they did not disrespect him," Carol declared. "Besides, I wasn't silent!" "Admiral Winston just kinda disregarded what the commander said. As a matter of fact, he said that he was surprised that Green would even be in there making such a report. And you know what else? Green said that you guys refuse to take orders from anyone but me. Well, the admiral informed him that you guys weren't in a position to take orders from anyone else. He also said that…a man who has so many people who think so highly of him has nothing to hang his head about." The room was dead silent now as they were all wondering what Jim was going to say next. They had thought he was going to chew them out, but that was not how this was turning out at all. "You were all right when you said I was blaming myself," he said. "I know if it weren't for all of you, I would be dead right now, or I would still be a hostage." "You knew we would come after you," Solan declared. "I wondered how you could ever find me." "There's always a way." "I guess I just wanted to say thanks to all of you at the same time." Jim stood up. "I also wanted to let you all know that we're going to be kinda on patrol. We know there are more Klingons and who knows who else on the planet. We have to be on guard." "I will be glad to be your bodyguard, Admiral," Korax said. "I will stay at your office as your guard." "As will I," Grakar added. "I probably won't be in my office much," Jim said. "Unless I'm there supervising, but I don't intend to only supervise." "I'll be glad to hunt," Solan said. "Priscilla will be glad to join me." "I know all of you are willing to help. The trouble is: we don't know where to look. We can't search every inch of forest and every cave and every mountain on Earth. They're probably going to spontaneously attack. Once the security systems are back online, they can monitor communications from the planet, and there's no way those Klingons can mask their messages. I guess the problem then will be tracing it back where it came from." "You know how hard it was to find me in that forest," Solan reminded him. "It's almost impossible." "But not entirely. Besides, their signals won't be a Starfleet signal. They are rather disorganized now though because Duras is dead." "The decision to appoint a new leader would not be easy among such beings," Spock said. "Right. So, they most likely don't know what they're going to do now. The ones who are left on Earth are most likely lost to the others, and there is no way of knowing how many that is." "It could be hundreds, Jim. I am not certain how many ships made it into the atmosphere." "I'm not either but it was a lot." Jim frowned. "Everyone else will be watching and we have to be too. But we're going to become the hunters as well. I don't like sitting around waiting for someone to attack me." "Nor do I," Carol said. "We have more at stake here than just us." "I know that. I would like for Mom and Alex to stay aboard the Enterprise for a while, and maybe we'll just spend the night up here too…unless we're patrolling all night." "Together?" "Why not?" "Oh, come on," Bones said. "Do you have to get all mushy now?" Jim smiled for the first time since they had come into that room. "I think this meeting is over," he said. "I will make out a duty roster for us all. We're gonna do our part in this. You're all dismissed…except Solan and Bones." Solan stopped as he had been getting up. He sat back down and rubbed his face. Bones sat down as well. The others all left the room. "Don't tell me I have to clean the warp plasma filters again," Solan said. Jim paced a moment. "What exactly did you guys say to that commander?" he asked. "We didn't say much," Solan said. "I just…said he needed to get control of his troops." Jim rolled his eyes. "And what did you say, Bones?" "I said he needed to take orders from someone," Bones replied. "You guys, you could have gotten into serious trouble. You could have even been taken out of my command." "I'm not in your command technically. I'm just here to help you. I'm supposed to be on Pacifica bored stiff." "That's why you're here, right? Just don't smart off at anymore commanders. That's like smarting off at Spock, although he's a captain now." "Jim, you could have been killed!" Bones declared. "Do you realize what kind of situation we were in? What if those invaders from that command center had come down there? They would have had you." "Alright. Let's not argue. Just don't be insubordinate. That's an order. Dismissed." Bones and Solan left the room, and Jim went to the Bridge where Spock sat in the captain's chair. He almost stood up from habit. "Are you picking up any weapon's fire?" Jim asked. "Yes," Spock answered. "But it is spontaneous and never in the same places." "They basically circled the globe, I guess." "I would agree. It has also been reported that they have freed some penal colonies." "So, that may be where the human helpers came from." "It is possible." "Great. Now, we have a bunch of criminals running around along with them." "I believe they fit right in." "Probably. I have to make a duty roster for all this patrolling. We'll just use shuttles, and Solan's ship." "Yes, Admiral. I will be glad to take a shift." Jim nodded. "I think we'll all be taking one. Earth defense is patrolling in space, and we're gonna do our part on the planet." "We will be ready."
After a month of patrolling and fighting, Jim felt like he had not slept a week's worth of time since all this started. He sat looking out the window of his office at Starfleet Headquarters. It was about Midnight, and he was about to go down and be transported to the Enterprise to sleep at least a little while. He rubbed his eyes as he turned from the window and left the office. "Ajah, we're quitting for tonight," he said. "Get some rest." "Yes sir," Ajah replied. Jim walked out of there and went out to the turbo lift. He contacted Spock to let him know he was ready. "I'm about to be outside," he said. "We are ready to receive you, Admiral," Spock replied. Jim walked out the door of the building. "Beam me up," he said into the communicator. Jim was soon on the transporter pad. He even dreaded the walk to his quarters, but he stepped down from the pad and went on. When he got to the room, Carol was already in bed so he just got undressed and was not sure he knew when he lay down. Jim was startled awake by his communicator later. He got it from the nightstand. "Yeah," he answered. "Admiral, we found a group of Klingons," Solan said. "They're hiding in a cave. You wouldn't know it was there if…well, if you didn't just stumble upon it. We just happened to see a little twinkle from their fire. With your permission, we'll clean out this nest." "You sure you got enough people?" "Yes." "Go ahead, but let me know when it's over." "Yes sir. I will contact you." Jim closed the communicator and rubbed his face. Just as he was about to lie back down, Carol's arm slid around him. "Jim." Jim turned over toward her. "I guess you heard all that," he said. "Yes. But I don't want to talk about that." As he looked into her blue eyes, Jim suddenly wondered how long it had been since they were in this bed together without being so tired they did not know when they lay down. He forgot about that mission Solan was on… Jim was awakened by his communicator again at around 6am. "Kirk here," he said as he opened it. "Admiral, we cleaned out that nest of Klingons," Solan said. "We captured three of them. They were definitely not happy about that." "Great. Is everyone okay?" "Yeah. We're at the hospital getting some minor injuries tended. You know, when you fight with bat'leths, you're liable to get cut." "Well, you just get patched up and write me a report about what happened. I'll be in my office later." "Yes sir." The transmission ended. Jim laid the communicator back on the nightstand, and then Carol grabbed him and pulled him over on the bed. "I have to get up," he said. "I'm not letting you," Carol replied. "Carol, I have to…" Carol kissed him. "You have to what?" "I have to get to the office and…" She kissed him again. "And what?" "I don't remember." Carol laughed. Jim did not get up until 7. "Jim, don't be gone all night," Carol said. "You're gone all night too," Jim replied. He leaned close to her as they were out in the corridor. "How long had it been?" "Stop. We're not making enough effort." "Effort? I'm so tired by the time I get here that…" As they rounded the next corner, Spock was coming from the transporter room. "Good morning, Spock," Jim said. "Good morning," Spock replied. "I will be making my report about the raid last night." "The what?" "I went with Solan on his mission." "Oh. And he called it a raid." "Yes. He is at the hospital." "Yeah. He told me they had some minor injuries." Spock paused a moment. "Solan's injuries were not minor," he said. Jim scowled. "What?" "He had a severe injury from a bat'leth." "Is he alright?" "He is recovering. The new injury seems to have aggravated the previous injury when he was shot." "He didn't tell me that." "I believe he did not want to worry you. He knew you would rush down to the hospital." "Spock, is Solan okay?" "He is, but if the cut had been an inch deeper, he would not have been." Jim shook his head. "I'm going down there now," he said. "I'll see you later. Just send your report to me. I'll be in my office." Carol followed Jim to the turbo lift. "Are you going to at least try to get here earlier tonight?" she asked. "I'm always trying," Jim said. "I'm going to see Alex before I go down. Don't you think you should?" "He's probably still asleep. I have to get moving." "Jim, at least try to get home soon enough to see him. He misses you." "I know. I miss him too. Hopefully, we soon won't be staying here but in our own place." "I think our moms are enjoying taking care of him. He's been playing on the holodeck." "I'm not surprised." They kissed and Jim stepped onto the transporter pad after he told the technician where he wanted to go. Carol watched him disappear and then she went to see Alex. Jim appeared in front of the hospital. He was going to see Solan before he went to his office. He walked into the hospital and found which room Solan was in. He walked into the room and found Solan sleeping. Jim cleared his throat which startled Solan slightly. "So, what were you going to do? Die and not let me know anything was wrong?" Jim asked. "I'm not dying," Solan said. "But you were injured worse than you let me know." "So? I'm alright." "So what happened? Did you get sliced?" "Yeah, and almost diced. That Klingon was determined we weren't taking him as a prisoner, but we did anyway." "How many were there?" "Eight. We took three of them." "Are you sure you're alright?" "Yeah. I'll just be here a while." "See you later." Jim walked out of there. He hoped this conflict would be over soon. Most of the disruptions the Klingons had caused had been restored now, and just about all the defenses were up and running again, but he had to think that if they could get in once, they could get in again. They would just have to deal with it as it happened like they always had… Later that day, Leonard McCoy came to Jim's office. "Is he busy?" he asked as he stood at Ajah's desk. "No," Ajah answered. He informed Jim that McCoy was there. "Send him on in," Jim replied over the intercom. Bones went on into Jim's office and closed the door. "Well, it looks like we've just about made it through another crisis," he said. "I guess," Jim said. "Have a seat." "Oh, well, I'm not staying long." "You're always in a hurry, aren't you?" "I guess you could say that. By the way, I went over there to see about Solan. I think he'll be fine if he gets the rest he needs." Jim nodded. "Yeah, that's a big IF." "Jim, I'm going back to Pacifica." Jim just stood there a moment. He thought he had gotten used to everyone being around again. "You sure you should make that trip?" "I've checked with Pacifica. They have good security and there's nothing going on there." "Right." "I talked to Andrea and she kinda misses me." "Kinda?" "I'm not sure she misses me a lot." "Have a safe trip." "I'll contact you when I get there." Bones blew out a breath. "I hate saying goodbye, so I'm not gonna say that. You and Carol should get over there to Pacifica." "We will. Right now, I'm kinda stuck here until things are settled down more." "I guess I'll talk to you in about four days." "Don't forget," Jim said as they shook hands. Bones went to the door. "By the way, I'm gonna hitch a ride with Grakar on a Klingon ship," he said. "I thought it might be safer." Jim shook his head. "It might be. Good luck." Bones went on out. "See you around, Ajah," he said. "I'm going back to Pacifica." "Have a safe trip, Doctor," Ajah replied. Jim thought he and Carol would get to Pacifica as soon as this tragedy was over. He thought he needed a vacation after all this, and so did everyone else. He hoped even Admiral Winston would take a vacation…
