I do not own Star Trek or its characters. Only JJ Abrams does. I only own Jasmine Kirk. Chapter 1 Commander Jasmine Thalia Kirk was in the shuttlecraft with Hikaru Sulu and Commander Spock, waiting for Captain James Tiberius Kirk and Leonard McCoy to get the natives away from the active volcano. Jasmine was looking at a photo of her, Spock, and their 12 months year old baby boy, Grayson. Jasmine and Spock left Grayson with Admiral Christopher Pike, a father figure to Jasmine. "Jasmine!" Sulu yelled in her ear. "Did you hear me? Captain and McCoy lead the natives away from the volcano." Jasmine jumped out of her seat and headed towards Spock, who was getting suited up to go down the active volcano. "Are you sure you don't want me to go instead?" Jasmine asked. "That will be illogical since I'm already suited-" "I'm just suggesting, Spock." Jasmine smiled and kissed him on his helmet. "Be safe. I'll see you in a few minutes." "Jasmine! Let's go!" Sulu called out to her. Jasmine want back to her seat and pulled the lever down so Spock could be sent down the volcano. Sulu was steadying the shuttlecraft so Spock could make a safe landing. But the terrible moment happened when Spock's line broke and he landed on a rock. "Spock!" Jasmine yelled through the conn. "Are you alright?" "I am surprisingly safe." Spock answered. Jasmine turned to Sulu. "Sulu, we have to get him back." "The heat is too strong for this craft. We have to go back to the Enterprise." "And leave him down there?!" "It's the only way." Sulu looked at Jasmine with guilt. "I'm sorry, Jasmine." Jasmine turned back to the conn. "Spock, we're going back to the Enterprise. We'll get you back." Jasmine jumped out of her seat and took her clothes off. "Jasmine, get ready to swim." Sulu said, in his swimsuit. "I'm ready." Jasmine said. Jasmine and Spock jumped out of the shuttlecraft and into the water. They swam until they saw that Enterprise in view. They went onto the bridge just in time before Jim, McCoy, and Scotty came in. "Captain on the bridge." Chekov announced. "Commander." Jim said to Jasmine. "Get a over channel on Mr. Spock." "The heat is over frying his conn, but we still have contact." Jasmine answered. "Spock?" Jim called to him over the conn. "I evacuated the device, Captain. When the countdown is complete, the reaction will render the volcano." "That's going to render him in there." McCoy said. "Are there any use for the transporter?" Jim asked. "Negative, sir." Sulu said. "Not with the magnetic filed." Chekov said. "I need to beam Spock back to the ship. Give me one way to do it." "Maybe if we could use direct line-" "We're talking about an active volcano. Sir, if that thing erupts, I can't guaranty we will withstand the heat." Scotty said. "I don't think we can maintain that kind of attitude." Sulu said. "Our shuttle was concealed in the ash clouds. The Enterprise is too large. If utilized the rescue effort. It will be revealed to the endangered species." "Spock, nobody knows the rules better than you, but there got to be an exception." Jim said. "None. Such action violate the Prime Directive." "Shut up, Spock. We're trying to save you god damn it!" McCoy said. "Doctor, the needs of the many out way the need of the few." "Spock, we're talking about your life! You have a wife and a son waiting for you!" "The rule cannot-" Spock was cut off. Jasmine felt like she was about to cry. She wasn't ready for Spock to die. They have a son waiting for them on Earth. She can't be a single mother yet. Not now, not ever. "Spock!" Jim yelled. "Try to get him back." Jim said to Jasmine. Jasmine nodded and headed towards Uhura. "Nyota, please try to contact Spock." Jasmine begged Uhura. "On it." Uhura and Jasmine are best friends. Uhura knew what Jasmine was going through. Out of the corner of Jasmine's eye, she saw Jim, Scotty, and McCoy headed towards the turbo lift. "Where are they going?" Jasmine asked. "They're going to beam Spock up." Sulu answered. "How?" "By getting out of the water." "What?! But they aren't supposed to see us." Sulu shrugged and moved the Enterprise up the surface. After a few minutes, Jim came on the conn. "Spock is safe." He said. Jasmine took a deep breath. "Tell Commander Spock that he will be in serious trouble when we get back to Earth. And that he will be sleeping on the couch." Well, this is the first chapter of Life in Darkness. I hope you all liked it and will support this story until the end. I could not wait for the DVD to come out, so I just did this chapter to see how it will go. And I want to thanks Dottz271 for the title idea.
Chapter 2 When the Enterprise crew arrived on Earth, they settled in at their homes. Jasmine refused to talk to Spock, so she headed towards Admiral Pike's office. Jasmine knocked on his door. "Come in." He said. "Good afternoon, Admiral." Jasmine grinned. "Good afternoon, Commander." Pike also grinned. "And hello to my special boy." Jasmine cooed to Grayson, who was on the floor playing with a starship toy. "Did you behave?" "He was an angel. You and Spock made a wonderful son." Pike said. "Thank you, sir." Jasmine shyly said. Jasmine noticed that Pike had something on his mind. "Are you okay?" she asked. "Your brother." Pike answered. Jasmine nodded. She knew what is going to happen. Jim violated the Prime Directive. "I understand sir. I will make my leave." Jasmine walked out of Pike's office and saw Jim and Spock. Jasmine ignored the both of them and continued walking while holding Grayson. "What's her problem?" Jasmine overheard Jim asking Spock. STID When Spock arrived at Jasmine and his apartment, he saw her dancing with no music on and Grayson clapping and laughing. "What is going on here?" Spock asked. Jasmine glared at him and left the room. She was already mad at him from what he did before, but Jim called her and told her that Spock filed a report. Jim is no longer captain of the Enterprise. Jasmine lay down on their bed, facing away from the door. She felt Spock laying down behind her on the bed. "What did I do?" Spock asked. "You don't care." Jasmine mumbled. "I don't care about what?" Spock asked. "You don't care about your life, my life, or even Grayson's life. Do you know how scared I was?" Spock looked like he wanted to say something, but didn't. "You can't even say anything." Jasmine hoped off the bed and headed for the door. "Oh and by the way, why the hell did you file a report of Jim? Damn it, he saved your life!" Spock tried to say something, but again, he couldn't. Jasmine headed towards the front door with Grayson. "Where are you?" Spock asked. "I'm going to Uhura's. Have fun sleeping alone. Say bye bye to your daddy, Grayson." Jasmine hold up Grayson's hand and wave. "Have fun, Spock." Jasmine closed the front door. STID "He just doesn't know how much it hurts." Jasmine said to Uhura. "Jas, you know how he is." Uhura said, playing with Grayson. "Yeah, but he's half Vulcan. His human side should care. He has a wife and a son that loves him." Jasmine shed a tear. "You know, I always wanted to know if he even wants more children." She mumbled the last sentence. "Aw sweetie." Uhura leaned over and hugged Jasmine. "You and Grayson can sleep here tonight." "Thank you." Jasmine smiled. STID The next night, all the admirals and top officers were at the San Francisco Headquarters. They were going over the attack that happened in London. Jasmine walked with Jim to the elevator when Spock called out to Jim. "Captain." "Don't call me Captain, Mr. Spock. I'm not captain anymore. But I think you know why." Jim said. "Captain-" "Don't call me that." "…Jim, you violated the Prime Directive." "I saved your life, Spock. The less you can do is to help me out." Jasmine stood in the back of the elevator and listened to them. When the door opened, she rushed out of the elevator and took her seat in the conference room. Unfortunately, she sat next to Spock while Jim sat next to Pike. Jasmine wasn't paying any attention to Admiral Marcus about John Harrison. She was stealing glances at Spock. She finally paid attention when she heard Jim saying that there was a reason why the high officers were in the conference room. A red light flashed through the window and everybody stopped what they were doing and looked. Jim stood up and walked towards the light. "Everybody move!" Jim yelled to everyone when the person started to fire. Spock threw himself over Jasmine to protect her. Jasmine saw everyone dying or wounded. Jasmine and Spock saw Pike on the ground, wounded, but at that moment, the person fired and hit Pike. Jasmine cried and tried to get to him. Spock dragged Pike behind a wall and laid him down. "Chris, please don't die!" Jasmine yelled/crying. "Please! I don't want you to leave me! I can't do anything without you! "Jasmine hunched over Pike and cried even more. Jasmine felt Pike's arm wrap around her body. She stayed like that until she felt Jim behind her. She looked up at him and cried more. Christopher Pike was like a father figure to both Jim and jasmine. Pike looked at them both one last time and died.
I am so sorry that I have not been updating on this story. I have been really lazy and I had writer's block. Chapter 3 Spock carried Jasmine back to their apartment. Jasmine was too tired to even walk. Spock asked Uhura to keep Grayson for the night. He gently put Jasmine on the bed and undressed her. Jasmine looked at with sadness in her eyes. "Spock, what will happen now?" Spock looked at her. "I do not know. Jasmine, you need to sleep." "Okay." Jasmine nodded and fell asleep instantly. STID The next morning, Jasmine woke up before Spock and got dressed. Jim told her that the Enterprise was going to go after John Harrison. Jasmine thought it was a suicide mission to go to the Klingons, but Jim was captain again. Jasmine walked out of the apartment and headed towards Uhura's. The both of them had to leave in a few hours and Jasmine wanted to say goodbye to Grayson. "Jas, where is Spock?" Uhura asked. "I…left him at our apartment." Jasmine mumbled. Uhura gasped. "How could you leave him there? He should at least say goodbye to his son." "He should have thought of the when he almost killed himself." Uhura glared. "You are impossible." Jasmine walked over to Grayson and picked him up. "Grayson, I, and your father, have to leave for a few days to catch a bad man. Grayson, I love you so much." Jasmine kissed him on his forehead. "Who is going to look after Grayson?" Uhura asked. "Surprisingly Admiral Marcus wants to look after him." Jasmine answered. "I wonder why?" "Who knows?" Jasmine shrugged. Jasmine gathered Grayson's things and headed towards Admiral Marcus's office. "Knock knock." Jasmine said, walking in Admiral Marcus's office. "Well hello Commander Kirk." Admiral Marcus smiled. "And this must be Grayson." "Yeah." Jasmine shyly said. "Jasmine, I'm sorry about what happened to Chris." "Thank you." Jasmine nodded. "Jasmine, I know you need to leave in a few minutes, but I want to talk to you." "Of course sir." "As you know, your brother wants to go and execute John Harrison from the Klingons." Jasmine nodded. "I want you to be careful. Going to the Klingons isn't going to be easy." Admiral Marcus began to walk towards the different ships on his shelf. "Jasmine, take a look at my new ship." He pointed to a mini version of a starship. "The USS Vengeance. The fastest ship in Starfleet." Jasmine had a bad feeling in her soul about Admiral Marcus. "I have to go, Admiral Marcus. I left a few notes and phone numbers in something happens to Grayson." Jasmine stood up and left. STID She met up with McCoy, Jim, and Spock at the shuttle. McCoy, Jim, and Spock sat on one side of the shuttle while Jasmine sat on the other side. She saw McCoy scanning Jim because he missed his physical. She looked out of the window while Jim and Spock talked about John Harrison. Jasmine looked up when she saw a young woman walking towards Jim and Spock. "Captain Kirk?" she called out. "Science Officer Wallace . I've been signed to the Enterprise by Admiral Marcus." She handed Jim her PADD. "These are my transcripts." "You requested a additional science officer, Captain?" Jasmine and Spock asked at the same time. Jasmine turned away from Spock and looked out of the window. "I wish I had." Jim looked at the PADD. "Lieutenant Carol Wallace. Doctor and applied Physics. Specialized in advanced weaponry." "Impressive." Spock said. "Thank you." Carol said. "A redounded now that I am back on the Enterprise." "And yet, more the merrier. Have a seat Doctor." Jim said. "Thank you." Carol smiled and sat between Jim and Spock. Jasmine grunted. "That's all we need. Another blonde for Jim to look at." She mumbled. STID Jasmine was happy to be back on the Enterprise. Jasmine, Spock, McCoy, and Carol followed Jim to the Engineering area. They saw Scotty arguing with a man. "Report to the bridge." Jim said to Jasmine and Spock. "But Captain-" "Report to the bridge, Commander." Jim interrupted Jasmine. Jasmine rolled her eyes. "Whatever you say. Captain." Jasmine walked towards the turbo lift with Spock behind her. "Commander Kirk." Spock began to Speak. "Oh, so now since we're on board the ship, you think it will be okay to talk to me formal?" Jasmine glared. "Where did you send Grayson?" "Now you're thinking about our son?" Jasmine asked sarcastically. "I took him to Admiral Marcus." The turbo lift opened and the both of them walked onto the bridge. "Hey Sulu, Chekov." Jasmine smiled and waved. "Hey Has." They talked for a few minutes until Jim came on the bridge. "Ensign Chekov, you are now moved to Engineering. Commander Kirk, you are now moved to Navigator." "And why is that, Captain?" Jasmine asked. "Scotty quit." Jim answered. Chekov got up and moved to the turbo lift and Jasmine sat in the Navigator chair. "This is Captain Kirk." Jim said over the conn. "Captain Pike was commander of the Enterprise, but now…he's dead. So, the Enterprise is the only one to go to the Klingon's territory and bring back a fugitive, John Harrison. Let's get the son of a bitch. Kirk out."
Chapter 4 "I hope you know what you are doing," Jasmine told Jim at the captain's chair. "Jasmine, we already talked about this," Jim nonchalantly said. "No! You talked about this while I followed you like a obedient bitch," Jasmine glared. "I had to leave my precious behind so I can take care of you." "You didn't have to come you know," Jim looked at her. "I had to. After Chris died…I didn't want the same thing happen to you and Spock." Jim took pity on Jasmine. "Jasmine-" Everyone on the ship jerked forward. "What the hell was that?" Jasmine asked. Jim walked up to Sulu to ask what was wrong. "Engineering manually gone out of warp, Sir," Sulu said. Jim hit the conn, "Mr. Chekov, did you break my ship?" "Sorry sir, but I don't know what happened," Chekov responded. Chekov continued to talk about what happened. "Mr. Sulu, time our destination." "Twenty minutes, Sir," Sulu replied. "That's twenty minutes in enemy's space." "Alright. We better hop to it," Jim turned to Jasmine, Uhura, and Spock. "Mr. Spock." "Yes, Captain?" "You're coming with me to Kronos," he looked at Uhura. "How's your Klingon?" "It's rusty, Sir. But it's good," Uhura said. "Commander Krik, what about you?" "The same," Jasmine replied. "Good, you two are coming with me," he walked to Jasmine and Spock. "This will not be a problem, working together?" "Absolutely not," Jasmine replied, ignoring Spock's stare then walked off. STID Jasmine, Uhura, Jim, and Spock walked towards the shuttle. Jim talked to the two additional away team members, while the other three went to their stations. "I have attempted a life on the planet," Spock told Jim. "That is most likely John Harrison." "Mr. Sulu, I think we got out man. Tell him we mean business," Jim told Sulu over the conn. The team entered Kronos atmosphere. "We will arrive in three minutes, Captain," Spock informed. "It will be unlikely that he will come willingly. I calculated the odds that he will attempt to kill us at 91.6%." "Fantastic," Jim replied. "I bet you don't care about dying," Jasmine said, looking straight forward. Uhura, Spock, and Jim looked at her. "I'm sorry Commander, but I didn't hear what you-" "I didn't say anything," Jasmine interrupted Spock. But Jasmine couldn't help it, she had to say it. "Actually I would be happy to speak if you are willing to listen to me." "Guys-" Uhura tried to prevent the conversation from happening. "Commander, I prefer to discuss this in private," Spock said. "You prefer to not discuss this," Jasmine said. "Are you really going to do this now?" Jim asked. "Whenever I required your undefined attention- I'm sorry, Captain. Just give me two seconds- You didn't think about us. What it will do to me if you died, Spock. What it will do to me and Grayson. Don't you care about the both of us? You didn't feel anything. You didn't care. And I'm not the only one upset with you. The Captain and Lieutenant Uhura are too." "Don't drag me into this," both Uhura and Jim said. "She's right," the both of them said again. "You are suggesting that I do not care about dying is incorrect," Spock said to Jasmine. "You miss understand. It is true that I choose not to feel anything upon realizing that my own life was ending. As Admiral Pike was dying, I joined with his unconsciousness and experienced what he felt the moment of his passing. Anger, confusion, loneliness…fear. I had experienced those feelings before. Especially the day my planet was destroyed. Such a feeling more than I choose never to experience again. Jasmine, you mistaken my choice not to feel. As a reflection of my not caring. Well I assure you that the precisely the opposite. Jasmine, I love you and Gray so much." It was silent in the shuttle for a few seconds until something hit them. "What the hell was that?" Jim asked. "We are pursuit by a D4 Klingon vessel," Spock answered. "I thought the sector was abandoned," Jim said. "It must be a random patrol," Uhura said. "Hold on," Jim said, steering the shuttle. "This ship does not have capability," Spock informed Jim. "Give me all six fuel cells," Jim ordered. "Aye, Captain." Jim kept on steering the shuttle so it won't get hit. "They're closing fast baring 285," Uhura said. Jim saw a small gap ahead. "Right there! We can lose them there." "Are you crazy?!" Jasmine asked. "We can't go in there." "Are you suggesting utilize the passage between the approaching structure? This ship will not fit," Spock said. "We'll fit," Jim said. "Captain, we will not fit." "We'll fit! We'll fit!" The ship went in the gap sideways. With a few bumps, they made it out. "I told you we will fit," Jim told Spock. "I'm not sure that compromise." Jim stopped the ship. "Any signs of them?" "No, which worries me," Jasmine said. "We lost them," Jim said. "Or they're jamming our scanners," Uhura said. "Or we lost them." Jim continued to fly the ship until three Klingon ships stopped them. "They are ordering us to land," Jasmine said. "Captain, they are wondering why we are here," Uhura told Jim. "They will torture us or question us and they are going to kill us." "So we come out shooting," Jim said. Jasmine got out of her seat and went to Jim. "We are outnumbered. Out gun. There's no way we will survive if we attack first. You brought Lieutenant Uhura and I here to speak Klingon. Let us speak Klingon." Both Jim and Spock didn't want to let them go to the Klingons, but they didn't have another choice. The ship landed on the ground and Jasmine and Uhura walked out. [I don't know what the conversation in Klingon was so I have to skip it. I'm sorry] Jasmine and Uhura was speaking to the Klingon while Jim was ready to shoot. He almost shoots when the Klingon grabbed Jasmine's and Uhura's neck, but someone beat him to it. While the Klingon was distracted, Uhura stabbed him in the leg and fell to the ground. Jasmine was running, dodging, and hiding from the Klingons. She saw Jim on the ground and ran with Uhura and Spock to get him. They were watching John Harrison taking on the Klingons. After the little battle, John walked towards them. "Stand down," Spock ordered. "How many torpedoes?" John asked. "Stand down!" John shoots his gun and hit Spock's gun. "The torpedoes. The weapons you threaten me with in your message. How many are there?" "Seventy-two," Spock answered. John let go of his gun, "I surrender." Jim looked at him then stood up. "On behalf of Christopher Pike, my friend, I accept your surrender." Jim started punching John. "Capatain!" Uhura yelled. "Jim!" Jasmine yelled. "Stop!" Jim stopped and got up. "Captain?" John mumbled. Jim walked away from him. "Cuff him," he told Spock then went back to the ship. STID I am finally back everyone! I'm sorry that I haven't been updating, but I will now. And I am sorry that this chapter isn't good.
I know that I haven't updated in two years so I am going to rewrite Life in Darkness and Life as a Kirk. Since the new Star Trek movie, Beyond, is coming out in the summer, I want to finish writing the stories. I hope you all who supported this story and the first story will support the rewrites.
Chapter 5 The crew walked onto the Enterprise with John Harrison and the guards. Jim took out his communicator, "Bones, meet me in the brig." "Be right there," Bones replied. Spock was going to follow Jim, but he felt Jasmine's hand on his shoulder. "That was a beautiful thing you said," Jasmine whispered to Spock and kissed him. "Well I'm going our room to take these clothes off. And I was wondering if you want to help me," Jasmine walked off and smirked when she heard Spock following her. STID "Lieutenant," Jim turned to look at Uhura. "Contact Starfleet, let them know we have Harrison in custody, and we'll be on our way once the warp core is repaired." "Yes, sir." Uhura nodded her head. "Why the hell did he surrender?" Bones asked when he, Jim, Jasmine, and Spock headed towards security, where Harrison is held. "I don't know. But he took out a squad of Klingons single-handedly. I want to know how." "Sounds like we have a superman on board." "You tell me." Kirk, Spock, and Jasmine stood behind Bones while he moved a device over to make a hole through the glass. "Put your arm through the hole," Bones instructed. "I'm gonna take a blood sample." Harrison calmly walked up to the glass and put his arm through the hole. Jasmine watched closely as Bones injected him. She does have to admit that John Harrison is handsome, but he is a murderer. He killed the man that she looked up to as a father. Jasmine remembered when he went into the emergency room when she was in labor. At first she wanted Jim to go in, but he was freaking out. Jasmine also remembered when she put Grayson in Chris's arms and watched him with tears in her eyes. Jasmine wiped away her tears and listen in on the conversation. "-stranding you on the edge of Klingon space?" Bones looked at him…suspicious, "How the hell you know that?" "Bones," Jim wanted Bones to be quiet. "I think you've find my insight valuable, Captain," when Harrison said that, he was looking at Jasmine instead of Jim. Spock notice and moved in front of her. "We good?" Jim asked Bones. "Yeah," Bones answered. "Let me know what you find," Jim walked off and Spock and Jasmine followed. "Ignore me and you get everyone on this ship killed. Including your sister," that statement made Jim stop. "Jim, let's just go," Jasmine tugged on Jim's arm. "Don't let that bastard get to your head." "Captain, I believe he will only attempt to manipulate you. I would not recommend engaging the prisoner further." "Give me a minute," Jim told Jasmine and Spock. "No," Jasmine stood her ground. "I'm staying with you," Jasmine gestured for Spock to leave. Jim and Jasmine marched up to Harrison. "Let me explain what's happening here. You are a criminal. I watched you murder innocent men and women. I was authorized to end you! And the only reason why you are still alive is because I am allowing it. So shut your mouth" "Oh, Captain, are you going to punch me again over and over till your arm weakens and you have to have your sister to tell you to stop?" "Hey!" Jasmine pointed to Harrison. "Now listen here you fu-" "Clearly you want to, so tell me, why did you allow me to live," Harrison ignored Jasmine and continued to talk to Jim. Jasmine was wondering the same thing. Why did he? "We all make mistakes," Jim said. "No. I surrendered to you because despite your attempt to convince me otherwise, you seem to have a conscience, Mr. Kirk If you did not, then it would be impossible for me to convince you of the truth. 23-17-46-11. Coordinates not far from Earth. If you want to know why I did what I did, go and take a look." "Give me one reason why I should listen to you," Jim challenged him. "I can give you seventy-two. And they're on board your ship, Captain. They have been all along. I suggest you open one up," Harrison looked at Jasmine. "You made a horrible mistake to let him watch your son, Commander." "How the hell you know I have a son?" Jasmine glared at him. "Commander, let's go," Jim commanded and Jasmine followed him out of the room.
I should have been done with the story, but... Okay so, I haven't seen Star Trek Beyond yet. I don't know if/when I will see it. I heard that it was good and there are some scenes on YouTube, but I am trying (but not succeeding) to not watch anything. But I know about the ending. So for all of you guys that seen it, what do you think of it and do you guys have anything you want Jasmine to do? I know that the crew is separated. Do you want Jasmine to be with Scotty, Jim and Chekov, Uhura, Sulu, Bones and Spock, or do you want Jasmine to be on alone and eventually meet up with some of the crew. I don't know what year the movie take place to figure out what age Spock and Jasmine's son will be. And I don't know if I want them to have another child (not during the mission. Having Jasmine pregnant with an bad guy on the loose is a bad idea) before they went off to the planet. Just let me know what you guys think, okay? Chapter 6 "Are you out of your con-fed mind?" Bones asked Jim. Couldn't believe what he was hearing. "You're not actually going to listen to this guy? He killed Pike, he almost killed you, and now you think it's a good idea to pop open a torpedo because he dated you to," Bones turned to Jasmine. "Jasmine, talk some sense into your brother." After Jasmine and Jim left Harrison, Jim made a call to Scotty about the coordinates. Jim wanted Scotty to go and see what was there. And now Jim was talking to Jasmine, Spock, and Bones about opening one of the torpedoes. Jasmine think it's a bad idea because she does not trust Harrison one bit. "Jim-" Jasmine wanted to talk to some sense into Jim, but he didn't want her opinion. "Why did he save our lives, Bones?" "The Doctor does have a point, Captain," even Spock thinks it's a bad idea. "Don't agree with me, Spock. It makes me very comfortable." "Perhaps you too, should learn to govern your emotions, Doctor. In this situation, logic dictates…" "Logic?" Jasmine looked at Spock. Jim, Bones, and Spock were surprised to hear her speak. "Spock, do you hear yourself? That psycho was trying to kill us! I don't think we should trust the bastard. And on the top of that, there's a maniac trying to make us blow up our own dam ship and-" "That's not it," Jim pointed at Jasmine. "I don't know why he surrendered, but that's not it. Look, we're gonna open a torpedo. The question is how." "But Jim," Bones began to speak, "without Mr. Scott on board, who exactly is qualified to just pop open a four-ton stick of dynamite?" "The admiral's daughter appeared to have interest in the torpedoes and she is a weapons specialist," Jasmine raised her eyebrow at him. "Perhaps she could be of some use." "What Admiral's daughter?" Jim asked, clearly not knowing who is Spock talking about. "Carol Marcus. Your new science officer concealed her identity to board the ship." "Did you know about this?" Jim asked Jasmine, who shook her head. "When were you going to tell me that?" Jim asked Spock. "When it became relevant. As it just did," Spock calmly answered. Jim exited the bridge. Jasmine watched her brother leave and turned to her husband. "When were you going to tell me?" Jasmine scoffed. "So you're going to keep secrets from me?" Before Spock could even open his mouth, Jasmine walked to her station. STID "Captain on the bridge!" Sulu announced to the crew. "Mr. Sulu, have Doctors Marcus and McCoy landed on the planetoid yet?" Jim asked while looked out in space. "Yes, sir. They're moving the torpedo into position now." "Good. Any activity from the Klingons?" Jim asked. "Not yet?" Sulu answered back. "But if we're stuck here much longer, they will find us." "Lieutenant Uhura, did you let Starfleet know we have Harrison in custody?" "Yes, sir," Uhura answered. "No response yet." Jim was confused. Why wasn't Starfleet responding to the Enterprise? "Engineering to bridge," Chekov said. "Hello. Captain, can you hear me?" "Mr. Chekov, give me some good news." "We found the leak, sir, but the damage is substantial. We're working on it." "Any idea what caused it?" Jim asked. "No, sir. But I accept full responsibility." Jasmine smiled. Chekov was adorable to take the blame of something that he didn't do. "Something tells me it wasn't your fault. Stay on it." "Shuttle is standing by, Captain," Sulu announced. "Bones, thanks for helping out," Jim told Bones. "Dr. Marcus asked for the steadiest hands on the ship." "You know, when I dreamt about being stuck on a deserted planet with a gorgeous woman, there was no torpedo!" "Dr. McCoy, can you please not flirt? This is no time to flirt," Jasmine said to him. "So how can these legendary hands help you, Dr. Marcus?" "Bones," Jasmine and Jim groaned. "To understand how powerful these weapons are; we need to open the warhead. To do that, we need to access the fuel compartment. Unfortunately for us, the warhead on these weapons are live." "Sweetheart, I once performed an emergency C- section on a pregnant Gorn. Octuplets. And let me tell you, those little bastards bite," Bones groaned. "I think I can work some magic on your missile." Sulu turned to Jasmine and saw her face turn green. Jasmine, unfortunately, was there when Bones did the emergency C-section. Jasmine was still pregnant at the time. "Dr. McCoy, there's a bundle of fiber optic cables against the inner casing. You'll need to cut the 23rd wire down. Whatever you do, do not touch anything else. Do you understand?" "Right. The thought never crossed my mind." "Dr. McCoy, wait for my word. I'm rerouting the detonation processor. Are you ready?" She asked. "And raring." "Good luck." On the Enterprise, the crew heard a yell. "Sir, the torpedo just armed itself," Sulu told the Captain. "The warhead's gonna detonate in 30 seconds, sir!" Jasmine tried to stay calm. "What the hell happened? I can't get my arm out!" "Target their signal. Beam them back right now," Jim ordered, "The transporter cannot differentiate between Dr. McCoy and the torpedo. We cannot beam back one without the other," Spock informed. "Dr. Marcus, can you disarm it?" "I'm trying! I'm trying!" "Jim, get her the hell out of here!" Bones demanded. "No! If you beam me back, he dies! Just let me do it!" Jasmine looked back at Jim with concern in her eyes. She doesn't want Bones to die. Bones was like a brother to her. "Ten. Nine. Eight," Bones count downed. "Standing by to transport Dr. Marcus on your command, sir." Bones grunted, "Four. Three." "Shit!" The crew heard the torpedo powers were down. Jasmine had her hand over her heart to calm herself. "Deactivation successful, Captain." Spock told Jim. "Dr. McCoy, are you all right?" Jim asked over the radio. "Bones!" "Jim? You're going to want to see this."
This chapter is the longest chapter I think I every did for Into Darkness and the last story. You guys might be surprised about Jasmine this chapter. I don't know. i just wanted people to see that Jim feels betrayed by Jasmine. I will probably watch the new movie this Saturday. I kind of have some ideas for Jasmine, but I don't want to say anything right now. Only one person commented that Jasmine should be with Scotty in the new film. What do you guys think? Chapter 7 "What we got?" Jim asked when he, Spock, and Jasmine walked into med bay. Jim wanted Jasmine to stay on the bridge, but as always, she refused. "It's quite clever actually. This fuel container's been removed from the torpedo and retrofitted to hide this cryo tube." "Is he alive or not?" Jasmine asked, looking at the frozen man. "He's alive," Bones answered. "But if we try to revive him without the proper sequencing, it could kill him. This technology's beyond me," he mumbled. "How advanced, Doctor?" Spock asked. "This cryo tube is ancient," Jasmine answered before Bones and Dr. Marcus could answer. "Not advanced. Since we developed warp capability, we never had any reason to freeze anyone. This man has been frozen for a really long time" Bones nodded at Jasmine. "The commander is right. He's 300 years old." "We need answers…now," Jim marched out of med bay with Spock and Jasmine right behind him. STID "Why is there a man in that torpedo?" Jim asked. "There are men and women in all those torpedoes, Captain," he calmly answered back. "I put them there." Jim and Spock glanced at each other. "Who the hell are you?" he asked. "A remnant of a time long past. Genetically engineered to be superior so as to lead others to peace in a world at war. But we were condemned as criminals, forced into exile. For centuries we slept, hoping when we awoke, things when we awoke, things would be different. But as a result of the destruction of Vulcan, your Starfleet began to aggressively search distant quadrants of space. My ship was found adrift. I alone was revived." "I looked up "John Harrison." Until a year ago, he didn't exist." "Why don't you asked Commander Kirk about that," Khan looked at Jasmine in the eye. "Jasmine?" Jim was confused. Jasmine took a deep breath. "John Harrison isn't his real name. When he was revived by Admiral Marcus to design weapons and ships to prepare for war against the Klingon Empire, he was given the name John Harrison, an English Starfleet commander. I was the one that gave him that name. His real name is Khan Noonien Singh," Jasmine looked at Spock and Jim. "I wanted to tell you guys-" "You were helping him?" Jim glared at Jasmine. He couldn't believe that his own sister wouldn't say anything and was involved. "He killed Chris, Jas! The man you looked up to and treated him like your father!" "I wasn't helping him," Jasmine was almost crying. "I was still pregnant at the time and I only 'assistant' some of it. I briefly met him. Admiral Marcus made me swore to secretly that I will never say anything about Khan. I guess since I knew about him, Marcus wanted to look after Grayson for me," Jasmine looked at Spock. "That's why I was so surprised when you said about his daughter on this ship." Jim turned back to Khan. "Why would a Starfleet Admiral ask a 300-year-old frozen man for help?" "Because I am better," Khan said. "At what?" "Everything. Alexander Marcus needed to respond to an uncivilized threat in a civilized time and for that he needed a warrior's mind. My mind. To design weapons and warships." "You suggesting the Admiral violated every regulation he vowed to uphold simply because he wanted to exploit your intellect," Spock couldn't believe him, but a little bit of him did believe Khan. "He wanted to exploit my savagery. Intellect alone is useless in a fight Mr. Spock. You… You can't even break a rule. How would you be expected to break bone?" Khan turned to Jim, "Marcus used me to design weapons. To help him realize his vision of a militarized Starfleet. He sent you to use those weapons. To fire my torpedoes on an unsuspecting planet. And then he purposely crippled your ship in enemy space, leading to one inevitable outcome. The Klingons would come searching for whomever was responsible, and you would have no chance of escape. Marcus would finally have the war he talked about. The war he always wanted." "No. No," Jim shook his head. "I watched you open fire in a room full of unarmed Starfleet officers, and one of them is my sister. You killed them in cold blood! You could have killed my sister!" "Marcus took my crew from me," Khan turned his back to them. "You are a murderer!" "He used my friends to control me. I tried to smuggle them to safety by concealing them in the very weapons I had designed, but I was discovered. I had no choice but to escape alone. And when I did, I had every reason to suspect that Marcus had killed every single one," Jasmine knew Khan had tears. "So I responded in kind," Khan turned to face them again. "My crew is my family, Kirk. Is there anything you would not do for your family? Your sister? Even your nephew?" Jasmine heard the alarm beep. "Proximity alert, sir! There's a ship at warp heading right for us," Sulu informed. "Klingons?" Jim asked. "At warp?" Khan asked Jim. "No, Kirk. We both know who it is." "I don't think so. It's not coming at us from Kronos." Jasmine gasped. She knew exactly who it was. "Lieutenant, move Khan to med bay. Post six security officers on him," Jim began to run to the bridge. "Yes, Captain." "Jim, I'm so sorry about this," Jasmine said while running beside him. "I really didn't mean to do any of this." Jim ignored her and continued to the bridge. "Captain on the bridge," Sulu announced. "ETA of the incoming ship," Jim demanded. "Three seconds, sir." Jim sat in his chair, "Shields." "Aye, Captain." In front of them was a massive ship. Way bigger than the Enterprise. "They're hailing us, sir," Uhura informed. "On screen. Broadcast shipwide, for the record." "Captain Kirk," Admiral Marcus appeared on screen. Jim sighed, "Admiral Marcus. I wasn't expecting you. That's a hell of a ship you got there." "And I wasn't expecting to get word that you'd taken Harrison into custody in violation of your orders." "Well, we… We had to improvise when our warp core unexpectedly malfunctioned. But you already knew that, didn't you, sir?" Jim asked. "I don't take your meaning." "Well, that's why you're here, isn't it? To assist without repairs? Why else would the head of Starfleet personally come to the edge of the Neutral Zone?" "Captain, they're scanning our ship," Sulu told him. "Is there something I can help you find, sir?" Jim calmly asked. "Where is your prisoner, Kirk?" Marcus asked, "Per Starfleet regulation, I'm planning on returning Khan to earth to stand trial." "Well, shit," Marcus rubbed his face with his hands. "You talked to him. And let me guess, Commander Kirk also said somethings. This is exactly what I was hoping to spare you from. I didn't want Commander Kirk on that ship anyways. I took a tactical risk and I woke that bastard up, believing that his superior intelligence could help us protect ourselves from whatever came at us next. But I made a mistake. And now the blood of everybody he's killed is on my hands. So I'm asking you, give him to me so that I can end what I started." "And what exactly would you like me to do with the rest of his crew, sir?" Jim asked. "Fire them at the Klingons? End 72 lives? Start a war in the process?" "He put those people in those torpedoes. And I simply didn't want to burden you with knowing what was inside of them. You saw that this man can do all by himself. Can you imagine what would happen if we woke up the rest of his crew? What else did he tell you? That he's a peacekeeper? He's playing you, son. And your sister is playing you too, don't you see that?" Jasmine could feel eyes on her. "She pretended to not know anything about John Harrison. Khan and his crew were condemned to death as war criminals. And now it is our duty to carry out that sentence before anybody else dies because of him. Now, I'm going to ask you again! One last time, son, Lower your shields. Tell me where he is." "He's in engineering, sir," Jim lied. "But I'll have him moved to the transporter room right away." "I'll take it from here," then Marcus was gone. "Do not drop those shields, Mr. Sulu," Jim demanded. "Aye, Captain." "Captain, given your awareness of Khan's true location in the med bay, ma I know the details of your plan?" Spock asked Jim. "I told Marcus we were bringing a fugitive back to Earth. That's what we're going to do," Jim turned on the radio frequenices. "Mr. Chekov, can we warp?" "Sir, if we go to warp, we run the risk of seriously damaging the core!" "Can we do it?" Jim asked. "Technically, yes, but I would not advise it, Captain." "Noted," the frequencies closed. "Mr. Sulu, set course for Earth." "Yes, sir." "Punch it," Jim ordered. The Enterprise warped away from Admiral Marcus.
I saw Star Trek Beyond today and guess what? I love it! I have so many ideas for Jasmine in the movie. While watching the movie, I was like 'Okay, so Jasmine can do this.' I know that I always have Jasmine with her brother, so I was thinking about how to make the story more exciting rather than having her just another character in the movie. Like having a back story or something. So you guys will just have to wait and see. Anyways, the story is about to end and I will do the next story when the DVD comes out. I just wish that I have more reviews though :( Chapter 8 Jasmine sat down at her station, looking up at the ceiling. She had to get someone else to fit in for the navigator position. Jasmine blamed herself for everything that is happening right now. She wished that she was with her son right now. She hasn't seen him in a really long time. Jasmine snapped out of it when Dr. Marcus entered the bridge. Jasmine couldn't understand what she was telling her brother, but she could hear Jim saying, "Carol, we're at warp." "Captain!" Jasmine heard Sulu. "I'm getting a reading I don't understand." Jasmine jerked forward when something hit the ship. "Where are we?" Jim asked Sulu. "We're 237, 000 kilometers from Earth," Sulu answered. "Damage report!" "Weapons are way down." "Shields are dropping. We're defenseless, sir." "Sir, we have a bulkhead breach." "Major hull damage, Captain." Jasmine heard everyone talking to Jim all at once. She jerked again when the ship been hit. "Evasive maneuvers! Get us to Earth! Right now!" Jim ordered. "Captain! Stop!" Dr. Marcus said. "Everybody on this ship is going to die if you don't let me speak to him." "Uhura, hail him," Jim had to do it…for his crew. "Sir. It's me. It's Carol." The firing stopped and Admiral Marcus appeared on the screen. "What are you doing on that ship?" "I heard what you said. That you made a mistake and now you're doing everything you can to fix it. But, Dad…I don't believe that the man who raised me is capable of destroying a ship full of innocent people. And, if I'm wrong about that, then you're gonna have to do it with me on board." "Actually, Carol, I won't." The bridge crew saw Dr. Marcus getting transported. "Can we intercept the transport signal?" Jim asked. "No, sir," Sulu answered back. Dr. Marcus screamed…and then she was gone. "Captain Kirk, without authorization and in league with the fugitive John Harrison, you went rogue in enemy territory, leaving me no choice but to hunt you down and destroy you," Admiral Marcus looked at Jasmine. "It's a shame that your son will never know about his mother." One of Marcus's crew member brought Grayson to Marcus. "My baby!" Jasmine walked closer to the screen with tears in her eyes. She felt Spock behind her. Grayson smiled when he saw his mother and father. "Wait, sir, wait, wait, wait!" Jim stood beside his sister. "I'll make this quick. Target all aft torpedoes on the Enterprise bridge," Marcus ordered. "Sir, my crew was just following my orders. I take full responsibility for my actions. But they were mine and they were mine alone. If I transmit Khan's location to you now, all that I ask is that you spare them. Please, sir. I'll do anything you want. Just let them live," Jim begged. "That's a hell of an apology. But if it's any consolation, I was never going to spare your crew. Fire when…" the transmission ended. Jim looked around at every single crew member…his family. He saw Jasmine crying on Spock's shoulder. Grayson will never grow up with his family. Nobody will tell Grayson…his nephew…what his mother, father, and uncle did. "I'm sorry." "Their weapons have powered down. Sir," Sulu informed the captain. "Enterprise! Can you hear me?" They heard Scotty's voice. "Scotty!" Jim couldn't believe what he was hearing. "Guess what I found behind Jupiter." "You're on that ship!" Jim smiled. "I snuck on. And seeing as I've just committed an act of treason against a Starfleet Admiral, I'd really like to get off this bloody ship. Now beam me out!" "You're a miracle worker. We're a little low on power right now. Just stand by. Stand by," Jim assured Scotty. "What do you mean, "low on power?" What happened to the Enterprise? Call you back." "Scotty!" Jim called out. Jasmine smiled. She could always count on Scotty. "Spock. Our ship, how is she?" Jim asked. "We options are limited, Captain. We cannot fire and we cannot flee," Spock answered. Jim was thinking."There is one option." "Uhura, when you get Scotty back, patch him though." "Yes, sir." "Mr. Spock, you have the conn," Jim went to the elevator. Spock and Jasmine followed him. "Captain, I strongly object." "And I agree with him," Jasmine said. "To what? I haven't said anything yet." "You're going to the ship," Jasmine frowned. "And as a large boarding party would be detected, it is optimal for you to take a few members of the crew as possible," the trio exited the elevator. "You will meet resistance, requiring personnel with advanced combat abilities and innate knowledge of that ship. This indicates that you plan to align with Khan, the very man we were sent here to destroy." "I'm not aligning with him, I'm using him." "The enemy of my enemy is my friend." Jasmine mumbled. "An Arabic proverb attributed to a prince who was betrayed and decapitated by his own subjects." "Still, it's a hell of a quote," Jim smirked at Jasmine. "I will go with you, Captain," Spock told Jim. "No, I need you on the bridge." "I cannot allow you to do this. It is my function aboard this ship to advise you on making the wisest decisions possible, something I firmly believe you are incapable of doing in this moment." "You're right! What I'm about to do, it doesn't make any sense, it's not logical. It is a gut feeling. I have no idea what I'm supposed to do. I only know what I can do. The Enterprise and her crew need someone in that chair that knows what he's doing. And it's not me. It's you, Spock," Jim walked off. "Jim wait!" Jasmine caught up to him. "If Spock can't go then I will go with you," Jasmine said. "Absolutely not," Jim shook his head. "That bastard has my son! Your nephew!" Jasmine began to cry again. "I will not sit here and do nothing! Jim debated on letting Jasmine go with him…or stay on board.
Hiya! It's been a long time since I've updated this story. Sorry for abandoning this fanfiction, but I have some good news! I'm back! I'm currently revamping Life as a Kirk (changed the name to Kirk's Legacy). So, if you want to check the first chapter out, be my guests. Seeya later!
