Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I wasn't going to upload but I really wanted to…so… I don't own Star Trek or any related content I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 1 – Children James Kirk was a boy of fourteen years old; his step-brother George was sixteen but had run away a long time ago. James didn't blame him, if he could run away then he would. His little half-sister was eleven; her twelfth birthday was the following day. His mother was away a lot, always on different planets working. She left them alone with James' step-father and his sister's father. This man was utterly repulsive, disgusting and vile. Even his own blood children hated him. He was very prone to drink and would often beat James and unless her brother could keep her hidden, his sister as well. Today he was out, probably at a bar, getting drunk. But for a few hours they had freedom. They lived on a little ranch, a farm-type place with lots of fresh air and fields. It could have been beautiful had they felt safe. James sat on the steps outside his front door, looking out across the fields; there wasn't another house for miles around. It was an odd sense of idyllic. He heard small footsteps walking up behind him and then someone sit beside him. He looked at his sister warmly; she had long, dark blonde hair and soft brown eyes. She continued to look out, her eyes slightly squinting against the dust, "do you ever hope that he won't return?" she asked gently. "That he'll just leave and get drunk and not come home?" He sighed, "All the time. Every time he walks out the door I hope that he won't come back." She paused, "Me too, but I never say it, because he's my dad." He turned to look at her and smiled sadly, a smile which she returned although it didn't quite reach her eyes. "He scares me. Whenever he comes home drunk and he hurts you, I'm scared." "You shouldn't be scared," he said too quickly, she looked at him, "You shouldn't be scared because I won't let him hurt you anymore. Mom might not be here but I can protect you." "I don't want you to get hurt. I won't let you get hurt. Not for me." "Shut up." "Don't tell me to shut up." "You're just a kid. You're just a little girl; I won't let a little girl get hurt under my watch." There was a pause. "He's coming." she spoke quietly, looking out and sure enough there was a car driving down the long drive towards them. Fear spiked in James' heart and he grabbed her arm and dragged her up, pulling her back into the house. "Go. Hide." He spoke with urgency, pushing her towards the door so that she could run. "No! I don't want to leave you! I don't want you to get hurt because of me!" she pleaded. "Just go!" he yelled and she jumped, it was nearly too late, they heard the slam of the car door just outside and looked at each other with fearful eyes. "Please, go hide, now!" He said desperately but she was now rooted to the spot with fear. "Jim…" she whimpered, staring at the door. A moment later it was thrown open and her father waltzed in. still carrying a half empty bottle in one hand and a fresh case of alcohol in the other. James moved over to stand in front of his trembling sister and they faced her father. He wore a smug smirk on his face. "Hello. Hoped I wasn't coming home I guess?" They didn't reply. "Well I'm sorry to disappoint." He walked over to the couch and sat down heavily, still smirking. He took another sip of his alcohol and glared at them, James glared right back. "What? Not wanting to play happy families today?" They remained silent. "Well aren't you two just a bundle of laughs today. Come sit down with your old dad?" Still no reply. He stood up. "I said, come and sit down and play happy families." James' sister grabbed his arm, she was frightened. "No." James said firmly, "We won't play happy families, because we're not a happy family." "Jimmy, don't…" his sister whimpered and her father beckoned to her. Slowly, she stepped out from behind her brother and walked over to him. James stayed rooted to the spot; he didn't dare move in case he made it worse. "You're happy, aren't you? Princess?" he asked, setting down his alcohol and placing a hand on her shoulder, James could see her shudder. Her father could evidently feel it too and he suddenly picked her up by the front of her shirt, leaving her legs dangling, he leaned in to spit into her face. "You are, happy! Aren't you princess?!" She let out a cry and her legs thrashed wildly, missing his own shins though. "Let her go!" James yelled, running at them. He jumped onto his back, clawing at him. Her father let her go and she crashed to the ground. His bottle of alcohol fell too, smashing on the ground and leaving a large gash on the palm of her hand. James clung on for as long as he could, before he was thrown off against a wall. The man walked over to James as he groaned and rubbed his sore back and head. He then leaned in close to his face and spoke with the same spitting, hissing voice as before. "Never. Mess with me." he spat before striking him hard across the face, leaving his nose and mouth dripping with blood. He then stood up properly and left again, undoubtedly to get more alcohol. There was a moment of silence, more from shock after he'd left and then James' sister scampered over to him. "Jimmy?" she asked her voice weak with fear. "I'm okay." He said sternly, wiping his bleeding nose on his jacket sleeve. "You're not okay. You're hurt; I didn't want you to get hurt." "You're hurt too," he said with a light smile and a nod at her bleeding hand. "I'm fine. It's not a big cut, it'll be fine." "Mine's just a small cut too. I can fix it. It'll be okay." "What if he comes back?" "Then we'll run. We'll hide. We won't let him tell us what to do ever again. Okay?" "Okay… James?" "Yeah?" "Do I have to keep his surname? It's horrible. I don't want to be related to him, not in any way." "No. How about you have my name too? You can have Kirk." She grinned, "I'd like that." "So you're surname is now Kirk, okay?" "Okay." She said, sniffling a little bit, "Jimmy, one day, I'm gonna get away from here. Far away. Will you come with me?" He looked at her, "How far away are we thinking?" She paused for a moment, sitting back against the wall beside him, "The stars." He grinned, "Ellarosa Kirk, that sounds perfect."
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 2 – 9 Years and a Bar "Another one please." Leonard McCoy asked for another drink. He was wallowing in self-pity as he sat at a dingy little bar. There were people all around, men and women together, drinking and talking and to be honest, he resented all of them. He wanted the perfect life that had been taken from him by his ex-wife. He was stuck here, unable to do a thing with himself, and so he drank away his sorrows. "No way Nyota this one's mine!" a girl's voice from a couple of feet behind him laughed and then there were two girls stood beside him leaning across the bar. One of them had olive-skin and dark hair tied into a ponytail with big brown eyes. She was stood a little behind her friend who had long, dark blonde hair that cascaded down her back and bright, soft brown eyes, with a slightly paler complexion. This was the girl who had spoken. She ordered their drinks with a large grin and Leonard watched her curiously. "Ella! I shouldn't let you!" the girl who had been identified as Nyota whined but her friend waved her hand and batted away her complaints. "Don't be so stupid! It's totally my turn to buy!" she caught Leonard's eye and winked, "Unless you want to for us?" Leonard blushed and averted his eyes. Nyota rolled hers, "Ella! You have a boyfriend remember! You gotta stop this! Ella laughed and threw her hair behind her shoulders, "Oh shut it Uhura! My boyfriend is such a great guy that he'd rather hang out with another girl who he claims is simply a friend. A friend my ass he's totally cheating, I just can't bring myself to let him go." She kept a small smile on her face but Leonard could see the slight sadness in her eyes. "Honey, you deserve someone better." Nyota said sympathetically, and then their drinks arrived. Ella dived into her purse to retrieve money but Leonard piped up. "I will pay. Two pretty girls, deserve to be treated." They both grinned at him, a little surprised. "Thanks!" Nyota grinned accepting her drink and going to leave. "Come on Ella." "This guy just bought our drinks I think that he deserves a conversation! You go. I'll catch up later." Ella said slipping into the chair next to Leonards. He was unprepared for this; he hadn't really spoken to a woman since his ex-wife. "So," she smiled, "What's your name?" He paused before answering, "McCoy, Leonard McCoy." "Nice to meet you Mr. McCoy!" she grinned holding out a hand, he shook it gently and smiled at her. "I'm Ellarosa Kirk. But most people just call me Ella, Ellarosa is a bit of a strange name." "It's a beautiful name." he said politely and she grinned. "Well aren't you just a sweetie-pie?!" He blushed again and she grinned. "So what are you doing here? Pretty girl like you in a bar without her guy?" "Well when her guy's a douche bag she gets bored of waiting, I'm not gonna stop having fun because he refuses to have fun with me. Plus I needed a break; I'm training at star-fleet academy. Medical, navigational planning, sciences and hand to hand combat. Only got a year left at the academy! Then I'm out into the field and training under Captain Pike. He's the Captain of the Farragut, I'm so excited to be working for him! Did you hear? Apparently they're even building him a new ship, they're gonna call it The Enterprise. How awesome is that? Sorry, I talk so much! What about you? Why are you here?" "Ex-wife took everything in the divorce, ain't got nothing left." He said, taking a swig of his drink. "Just your bones huh?" she smiled and he nodded, returning her smile. "Something likes that." "Maybe you should join star-fleet?! It's interesting and exciting and you'll love it! I promise you!" He snorted a little laugh, "Thanks but no thanks! I'm really not into the whole space thing!" "Aw come on! Give it a go!" she grinned. "Okay!" he laughed, "I promise to think about it, and really I do!" "Good!" She grinned triumphantly before draining her drink and then taking his hand, "Listen, I understand you've had a hard time, but seriously think about joining star-fleet, you'll feel welcome. You'll feel happy. It'll give you a chance." He stared at her, and, a moment too late realised something that would change the course of his life with her in it forever. Unfortunately, she noticed his rather prominent erection too. "Oh, honey…" she suppressed a grin, "Honey it's okay don't be embarrassed!" he blushed and pulled his hand away from hers. "Hey," she said, standing, "I'm not normally one to kiss and tell but…" she leaned down and took his face in her hands, kissing him roughly for a couple of moments and then stepping away with a grin on her face. She was evidently tipsy if not drunk. "See ya around," she glanced down at his bulk and winked, "Bones!" A/N: I know that this chapter was a little shorter than I would have liked it but I needed just a short chapter to introduce them and I also kind of liked the idea of Bones being talked into joining Star-Fleet. Please leave reviews! I love them!
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 3 – Bridges Ellarosa sat in her chair between Sulu and Chekov and smiled to herself. The Enterprise's maiden voyage. And she was the flight navigator, technically she counted as a science and medical officer and so her uniform was blue instead of gold but she was very happy with that, she was just happy with the fact that she was aboard this vessel and that this was her job. "Lieutenant Kirk." Captain Pike addressed her and she turned in her seat to face him. "Yes sir?" "Map out our course to Vulcan. Make sure it will work at maximum warp and make it as efficient as possible. We don't need to waste anything on her maiden voyage." "Of course sir." She turned back around and immediately picked up her stylus. She had mapped courses at maximum warp from the federation to Vulcan many times before in her training and she knew the quickest way. The way her job worked was very simple; she simply had to draw out the course using her stylus. All obstacles and such were picked up by the ships sensors and so she simply had to make sure they avoided them. It was an easy job if you knew where you were going and the best way to get there. It required a steady hand and a basic level of artistic expertise but was basic, however it could have disastrous consequences on the entire ship and crew if she slipped up even one tiny little bit. She had a lot of pressure on her. "Course mapped out sir. Ready for launch." She announced and set up her computer settings so that the course could be programmed into the Enterprise's navigational system. She looked up at the large window directly in front of her and smiled a little at the stars ahead of her. After a minor complication they were at warp and heading right for their destination. "Jim stay still!" she knew that voice, she turned to see her brother running onto the bridge, closely followed by Bones. "Listen to me! They are under attack!" Jim Kirk yelled. "Jim!" Ella said, standing up quickly, "What the hell are you doing?!" "Ella! You gotta make them see that this is a mistake!" James shouted, walking over to her and grabbing her upper arms. She shot a look at Bones who simply shrugged. "James, I can't… Captain," she said turning to him, "Please… just listen to him…" James went off and began yelling about the fact that Vulcan was under attack and if they waded into a warzone they would be killed. Ella moved over to stand beside Bones and kept quiet, waiting for orders. After he was finished the captain paused for a moment before turning to Ella, "Lieutenant Kirk, can you have our course flexible?" "Yes sir." "Good, then do it." "I need an extra pair of hands in case of emergency. Permission for Dr. McCoy to help me?" "Granted." She grabbed Bones' arm and dragged him over to her chair, sitting him down she showed him what he needed to do. "It's not hard," she said, "When I say, just press this button here and minimise those thrusters to ten percent. Sulu and Chekov will be helping you, but all this relies on you." "What are you doing?" he asked softly and she smiled, leaning over the controls, flipping certain switches and altering the percentages on controls. "I am altering our course so that if there is a load of Romulans near Vulcan when we stop then we won't smash into them. But I need your help to keep our defences up at the same time, or else we'll be destroyed in seconds." "Little bit of pressure then?" he smiled at her, but his fear was evident in his eyes, he was scared of messing up. She paused and looked at him before giving him a reassuring smile. "It'll be fine." She took his hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. They tore their eyes away from each other as Chekov announced that they would be arriving momentarily. As he counted down the tension rose, Bones was perched in Ella's chair, she leaned over him to reach to her own controls, their eyes were fixed on the window in front of them. As they reached Vulcan's orbit, thanks to Ella's calculations they stopped from warp and the sight that met them was just as Jim had predicted. "Now Bones!" she yelled and he jammed his hand on the button, while pushing the thrusters down to ten percent with his other hand, but there was the Romulans ship right in front of them. Ella jammed her stylus on her flight planner she desperately pulled it down. But even the little line that represented their vessel was fighting against her grip. She looked up with wide eyes as the ship scraped the underside of the other ship. The Enterprise gave a lurch and most of them were alright as they were sat down and could brace themselves but the lurch knocked Ella off her feet and she fell to the floor. "Bones! Keep those thrusters stabilized! Chekov help him!" she yelled, trying to get back onto her feet with much difficulty. Bones diverted his attention away from the scarlet liquid running down the side of her face and returned to keeping the thrusters stabilized. From his place next to where Ella was trying to get up, Chekov was helping him whilst doing his own work. Ella looked around to see Pike looking worriedly at her brother who was looking just as worried. She managed to find a grip on the board and pulled herself up. Trying to stay up she stumbled as the ship gave another lurch and the only way she could stay up was by perching on Bones' lap. He looked shocked but she didn't give it a second thought. "I got it." She said, pushing his hands aside. "Here just keep me steady so I don't fall again." He placed his hands on her waist shooting an apologetic look at Jim who was giving them a look himself. But he was quickly whisked away by Pike after a hailing from Nero. The ship finally stabilised and Ella stood up. There was a silence on the deck, Pike, Sulu, Spock and Jim had disappeared and everyone was looking at each other. No one really knew what to do. "You should get back to med bay." Ella said softly to Bones. He looked up at her, blood was coating her cheek from a gash across her left cheekbone but she was ignoring it. "You should come with me." he said gesturing to her cheek, she pulled out a handkerchief and wiped at the blood. "It's fine for now. I need to be here. They'll need me." "Your safety comes first." "Not today. Go, Bones. They need you there." He looked at her for a moment, battling with himself. "Fine. But you better not die. And once we get out of here I expect to see you there. Got it?" he said sternly and she smiled weakly. "Got it." They stood and looked at each other for a moment before he turned and hurried off the bridge. Ella resumed her seat and looked down at her controls for a moment before she realised that Chekov's eyes were on her. She looked at him, her eyes questioning. "You two wood make a wery goot couple." He said with a glimmer of mischief in his eyes. "Shut up Chekov." She replied returning to her controls. It was that moment when Spock returned and resumed the captains' chair. Then everything resumed that familiar blur of action, before she knew it Jim and Sulu were hurtling towards their deaths, towards Vulcan's surface. Chekov ran off to beam them up and she was trying to find a way to get them out as quickly as possible due to the fact that they were going to be sucked into a black hole. "Lieutenant Kirk," Spock said standing and striding towards the door. "Make sure that we're ready to depart as soon as I return." "Yes sir." She began flipping controls and setting their course. Occasionally she had to wipe away the blood on her cheek but she didn't care, she kept working. They could only watch as the Romulans destroyed Vulcan, as the planet caved in on itself and disappeared to be replaced with a gaping black hole. Ella stood slowly; it was as if she could hear the cries of six billion Vulcan's dying. Helpless and desperate for help, but there was nothing she could do. Tears sprung to her eyes and fell graciously down her cheeks. She knew that she wasn't the only one disturbed and upset by this sight, and yet no-one could look away. She knew the she had to follow Captain Spock's orders. So she fired up the course and directed them away from the black hole, once they were safely cruising through space she kept to her promise and slowly made her way off the bridge and in the direction of the medical bay. As she passed Uhura, her friend, she saw her silently crying too. She walked to the medical bay without speaking to a soul. Even though the bay was busy, Bones instructed nurse Chapel to take over the patient he was with so he could tend to Ella himself. He sat her on a bed and began to dab at her wound with anti-sceptic bandages to stop it getting infected. She winced and shied away from the stinging dabs and he paused, putting a hand under her chin and gently pulling it to face him, she looked up into his face and suddenly the tears came rushing back. Cascading uncontrollably down her cheeks in torrents, it wasn't the unattractive kind of sobbing, just the silent and gentle mourning of those she'd watched die. And suddenly she was in his arms; he was rocking her gently and whispering into her hair. "There was nothing you could do… It's alright… Don't you even worry your pretty little head about it... I understand… I'm here…" he whispered comfortingly, for how long they remained there she didn't know, she just remembered feeling very tired, she remembered drifting in and out of consciousness in his arms and she remembered many faces swimming in front of her. Spock looking at her curiously but also sadly, Nyota pitying her, her brother, worried but also injured himself. And then Bones, he was there all along. Helping her to her cabin, laying her down on her bed, cleaning her wound and wiping her eyes, taking care of her. "You get some rest now," he said gently, "You get some rest and then I'll see you real soon. It'll all be okay." He leant down and gently kissed her forehead as she closed her eyes, her dreams were to be cursed with collapsing planets and the cries of six billion people. A/N: This chapter was very hard to write but I don't think in the film apart from Uhura it's ever really acknowledged that the rest of the crew were affected too, because if you watch a planet destroyed when you were meant to protect and save it it's gonna have some affect on you! So I thought I'd do it through Ella! Please review I really appreciate it!
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 4 – An Odd Romance After Vulcan was destroyed: Nyota Uhura was pretty sure that she was in love with Spock. Ever since the first class they'd been in together she'd been attracted to him and although Gaila, her flatmate had told her that it was just some teacher crush, Ella had found it hilarious as she was the same level as Spock, knew him personally and was a member of the federation along with him. It kind of annoyed Nyota, Ella could be like that, insensitive. It also annoyed Nyota that Ella was younger than her and yet in a higher position in the academy. She'd finished her studies and graduated in the same year as Spock. But now her attraction for Spock had been completely blown out of the water. Gaila had been assigned to one of the ships that had been taken down by the Romulans. She was dead. And Ella was an emotional wreck; she didn't know how to handle witnessing the destruction of another planet. Uhura knew that she had to be strong; she had to be strong for Spock. She had succeeded in convincing herself that Spock was in love with her too. She was certain of it, their relationship was special, it was unique, and it was perfect. Now Ella had been assigned to her cabin to remain there to rest and recover from the shock by Dr. McCoy, and Nyota was trying to remain strong, to show Spock that she was here to help him. She kissed him, and held him and caressed him. She understood that it was hard for him to show his human side, that there was a constant battle between human and Vulcan in his head, so she didn't expect much in return. She only wished she could do more to help him. Do more to show him just how much she cared. . . . . . After Jim had revealed Spock was emotionally compromised: Spock sat in his cabin, he'd tried to be strong, to not show his human side but he wasn't sure how much longer he could. He wasn't sure how much longer he could hide away from the world and only then allow himself to shed tears over his dead mother. Nero. He had taken her, the woman who had given birth to him and raised him and loved him and supported him through his difficult upbringing and confusing decisions. He would have his revenge, his human side burned with anger and hatred for the Romulans but he had no idea how to cope with these feelings. He had no one he could talk to anymore. Any time he'd ever had human emotions that had confused or made him feel bad he would simply choose not to feel them or he would speak with his mother about them. He could no longer speak with his mother, and that fact made the feelings so strong that he simply couldn't choose not to feel them. He could pretend not to be experiencing these feelings for short periods of time but these periods never lasted long. Eventually they would posses him and he would have to hide away for half an hour to cry or take out his anger on an unfortunate pillow. He had been emotionally compromised, he understood that. He understood why Jim had been forced to reveal that, he knew that Jim had only done it for the good of the ship. In a way he was grateful that Jim had done it, it had been so stressful, acting captain. He was glad that the responsibility had been passed on from him; he was glad that it was over. It was a logical move. He'd considered confiding his worries in Nyota but he was afraid to, in case she would find him weak or not the man she believed he was. The truth was the feeling of love was often present whenever he even thought of her. He understood this feeling a little more than the feelings of anger and pain; he understood that she wanted to help him. But he didn't know how to ask her to. He didn't know what he needed to ask her to do. He was just so confused. . . . . . . After being made Captain of the Enterprise: Captain James T. Kirk. It had a really nice ring to it! He liked it, true the past endeavour had been difficult and it had tested each and every one of them. But he believed in his crew, they were smart, efficient and loyal to the end. And they were now his crew. He had been made captain. He beamed at the pride in Pike's eyes, he looked up to the rest of his crew now, there was pride in all of their eyes. Spock was giving him a warm smile and there was gentle kindness in his eyes. Chekov and Sulu were grinning madly; he could tell they were perfectly happy to be members of his crew. Uhura was trying her hardest not to smile; he could tell that she was holding it back with all her might. Bones and Ellarosa were stood next to each other; both of them were beaming proudly at him. From here he couldn't quite tell but it looked an awful lot like they were holding hands. They wouldn't admit that they liked each other and claimed to simply have a very close friendship, but Jim could see well. Although she was his little sister and he was his friend he kind of wanted them to get together. He knew that it would be kind of gross for him to look at but he wanted them both to be happy, they both deserved it. He decided there and then that he would make it his next personal mission to try and get them together. They were both clever people and they both cared a lot about each other, it would be easy. He was sure of it. But for him? That would be a little more difficult, he could pick up any girl he wanted to take back to his room for the night, but he found it really difficult to find a girl who he really wanted to be with for a while or one who wanted to stay with him. It was a bit upsetting but he knew he'd find the one, even if it took a while he'd find her. Until then he had his crew, Captain Kirk. Captain of the crew of the Starship Enterprise. . . . . . . A week before they set off on their first voyage with Kirk as Captain: As Bones splashed the water over his face he sighed. He leant against the sink and looked at his face in the mirror. He wished he was more courageous. Better looking. More… perfect. He knew that didn't make a lot of sense but when you were thinking to yourself in your own head not a lot of things had to make sense. They had to be the reasons his wife left him, because she found another man who was better than he was. The reason she took everything was because he was worth nothing. And then he'd met Ella, and she'd been so full of life and joy and happiness. And she'd kissed him, true she'd been drunk, but that kiss had made him happy. So happy. It had lit up his world in just one instant. But after that kiss there had been no more. He hadn't even seen her again until he joined star-fleet and then she was a lieutenant, heading and occasionally teaching his classes. She remembered him and was embarrassed about what she'd done. But he sobered up, desperate to impress, desperate to get back on his feet to work with her. And it had worked. Now they both were going to be working on the Enterprise, they were going to be working together. They were going to be stuck together on a ship for however long it took them to complete any missions they received. He wished that he had the courage to just tell her how he felt. The thing was, he'd told her before, many times. And every time she'd turned him down, said that they couldn't. He sighed again and grabbed a towel, mopping at his wet face and drying it as he sat back on his bed. He decided that he wasn't going to let her get the better of him again, he wasn't going to take no for an answer. He loved her, and she loved him, he was just going to make her admit it. A/N: I know this chapter is so short but I am in the middle of exams and I just wanted to get another chapter in. I'm loving writing this story and have some great ideas that I can't wait to get in! Please let me know what you think/how you feel about it! Although if you don't like it then try and put it nicely and give me constructive criticism instead of full on hate. Because that's nasty. Hope you're enjoying it as much as I am.
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content Okay so I haven't been too clear as too when all these chapters have been set so the first chapter was set when they were children (Pretty self-explanatory), the second chapter set about a year before Bones joined star-fleet, the third chapter pretty obviously set during the first film and the fourth chapter set at the moments specified by each sub-heading. This chapter is set near the beginning of the 2013 film and contains spoilers for that film so if you haven't seen it/don't want spoilers I would recommend seeing it before continuing reading. But if you don't mind spoilers then go for it and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 5 – Darkness After Dawn Ellarosa walked through the corridors of the federation academy. She was on her way to the meeting of all the captain's and first officers to discuss the terrorist that was John Harrison and what was to be done about him. She wasn't a captain or a first officer but she was meant to be meeting her brother after the meeting was over, and, since she had nothing better to do she decided that she should just wait outside. It meant that she might be able to eavesdrop a little bit too. She was curious as to who this man was and what was going to happen regarding him. She suddenly felt a hand around her arm pulling her into a small room she got ready to defend herself as a finger was pressed to her lips to stop her calling out; she panicked for a moment before relaxing when she saw it was just Bones. She batted his hand away and looked slightly annoyed. "Bones? What are you doing?" she asked, alarmed. "Listen, before anything more happens, when I was running through the jungle because your brother stunned our ride I could only think of how my life could've ended, and how you never knew how I really felt. You gotta give me a chance!" he grabbed her hands, begging her. She grinned, this wasn't the first time he'd asked her out, ever since they'd met he'd been interested in her and although she never showed it she liked him too. James had even subtly (or not so subtly) hinted that he'd wanted them to get together. "Bones, I have told you once I have told you a hundred times, I can't! Your one of my brothers best friends! It would be wrong!" she protested with an apologetic smile. "Please?!" he said, bringing her hands up to lips and kissing her knuckles whilst repeating the word 'Please' over and over again. She couldn't stop herself laughing a little but he wouldn't stop. She took a step towards him giggling lightly; she didn't know how to make him stop. "Bones… please… just…" and then her lips were on his. It was the only way she could think of to shut him up. But oddly, she was enjoying it. She felt him let go of her hands and slide his own down to her waist, she wound her arms around his neck and pressed her body to his. He held her tightly and the kiss grew passionate their tongues exploring each other's mouths. She should have done this is ages ago, she had to admit that it had been coming for a long time. "I hope I am not interrupting." Bones and Ellarosa jumped apart, both turning quickly to see Spock stood looking at them. He gave them that stare that made them feel uncomfortable, and Bones mumbled a few excuses before giving her a look and pushing past Spock to leave. Once he was gone, Spock turned to leave too and Ellarosa ran to catch up to him, the meeting evidently hadn't even started yet. "Spock! Spock!" she ran after him and he stopped and turned to look at her. He was at least a head taller than her even though she was wearing heels. "Spock, you cannot tell anyone about what you just saw, especially not my brother!" "You are asking me to lie?" Spock seemed confused and she tried to dodge around the question. "Well, not lie… perhaps not mention it, or if he mentions it then you just… deny it. Or refuse to answer. Please Spock!" she looked at him with wide eyes. "While I do not understand why you are worried about this, I will not disrespect your wishes." He said with a brief nod. "Thank you!" she grinned but turned and walked away quickly as she saw her brother approaching them. She would take the long way around to get to the meeting to meet him after. As she walked she smiled to herself, did this make her and Bones and item? True, they'd liked each other for ages and although they'd tried to keep their relationship purely professional it hadn't always worked. She couldn't blame him, it was her fault, she'd kissed him the very first time they'd met. She was happy that this could mean a proper, stable relationship. She couldn't let anything compromise this relationship; she couldn't let anything destroy it. She was finally ready to admit her feelings for Bones; she didn't want it ruined now. Despite taking the long way around the meeting had only just started when she arrived outside the doors, she sighed and slumped against the wall. It was going to be a boring wait. Then she heard the noise, the sound of a ship. She glanced through the window in the doors and could see her brother stood on the other side of the room; they were all gazing out of the window as a red light descended on them. Without giving it a second thought she burst through the doors and walked briskly to stand beside her brother. No one even seemed to notice, their eyes were focused on the red light. The ship was descending slowly. James and Ellarosa looked on curiously, working out what it could be. It was Ellarosa who realised first what was happening, she grabbed her brothers arm and pulled him down, yelling as she did. "Down!" she shrieked and watched as everyone dove to the ground, just as the ship open fired. She managed to crawl over to Pike who gave her a wary look. She didn't have any weapons on her, but she could take down the ship. After years of living in the shadow of her brother she'd gained a certain skill set and a decent set of brains to go with her natural beauty. "Captain… please! I need your gun!" he looked at her for a moment before handing it to her. The gunfire was still raining down heavily on them but she crawled over to her brother and pointed to a spot of floor. "Crouch there," she instructed him and although her wasn't too sure about letting her do this he did as he was told. She stood and yelled at the others to cover her; they did as she asked and she sprinted at her brother, leaped, and sprung off his knee and out of the shattered window. For a few terrifying moments she was sailing through thin air with an endless drop below her towards a ship which was aiming at her. She could see the terrorist John Harrison in front of her and her breath caught in her throat, she was falling through the air and desperately reaching for something to grab to. The wind air was rushing past her ears and through her hair. Her arms outstretched, reaching, desperate, her hair flying out behind her, her legs running through the air, madly seeking stability. She caught a hold of the ship but her grip was weak, there was less to hold onto than she thought. The gun slipped from her grip and fell out of her sight, crashing to the ground. If she didn't find a good grip then she would be following it. Falling to her death. Above her she could hear the window opening to the ship and she let out a light cry of fear, her grip was slipping. She was going to fall, she looked towards James, her eyes wide but she couldn't see him amidst the chaos. Despite the fact that she was hanging off the ship it was still firing. There was a hand around her wrist, she yanked it away, leaving her hand only one grip, she cried out again. Her legs waving desperately, there was a head out of the window now and a face looking down at her. "Take my hand." John Harrison spoke clearly down at her, "Let me help you." "No!" she yelled back. "You are a terrorist!" but even then her fingers slipped a little more. He didn't need to say another word; he simply held out his hand and gave her a look. After a moment's hesitation she reached up and grabbed it. With surprising strength he began to pull her up, she helped him and hoisted herself through the window; some of the glass was shattered and left a large gash up her side. Panting for breath she found herself sitting on his lap with her legs out of the window, she paused for a moment, looking at his face, he looked right back at her, into her eyes. She couldn't quite think of to explain the next moment, just that her brain went fuzzy and clouded over. All thoughts of anything were gone; there were only thoughts of him. John Harrison, this poor, lonely man. She understood him, the pain in his eyes. She wanted to reach up and touch his face; he was there to save her, to protect her. She should just let him. After a few seconds the ship gave another lurch, she was thrown from his lap and the spell was broken. She was thrown half onto the floor and half onto the other seat. Harrison spoke calmly to her, not taking his eyes off of the controls. Meanwhile she screwed up her eyes, pressing her hand to her side as the pain became very real again. "We need to get out of here; they're taking down the ship. Sit astride me." Her eyes widened as she looked at him, "I beg your pardon?!" He raised an eyebrow as he looked down at her, "Do you want to die?" She muttered a series of curses under her breath before clambering up to sit astride his lap; he pressed a hand to her back and muttered into her ear. "Hold on tight." Against her best wishes she wound her arms around his neck and felt both of his arms around her holding her tight. And then came the familiar tingling sensation that she was moving through air, they were teleporting. Moments later she was stood and a cold wind was blowing through her long, light brown hair. Her arms were still around his neck but he was also standing and so much taller than her now, she could still feel one arm on her back and the other on her hip. She pushed herself away from him quickly and found herself stumbling and falling backwards; she fell backwards and looked up at him with fearful eyes. She looked around quickly as he began advancing towards her; she recognized her surroundings at once. "We're in Kronos. You've brought me here to kill me haven't you?!" her voice trembled with fear. But he shook his head slowly, looking down at her. "I've just saved your life; a simple thank you would suffice. And no, I did not bring you here to kill you. However, if you do not come with me then you probably will be found and killed." Without anything more he held out a hand to help her up. She paused for a moment before speaking quietly, "You killed, so many people. And you expect me to just trust you?" she looked up at him with stone-cold eyes; he gave her another look which made her feel like she should just obey his command. She took his hand and allowed him to help her up, a pain panged in her side but she refused to let it show, instead she stared right back into his face coldly. She was trapped here with no weapons and no way to get out, but she knew that James would come for her; she just had to hold out until then. He dropped her hand and started walking, "Come on." He instructed, "I have a hiding place not far from here. You'll be safe there." She began to follow him, he might have some weapons, and she could take him out and then hide out until her brother came for her. The journey was longer than she was expecting and she was losing a lot of blood, she gritted her teeth against the pain, it became more and more intense by the moment and she wasn't sure how longer she could go. Harrison lead her to his hiding place and let her in, she looked around. Sure enough there were loads of weapons; it would be easy to take him out. A small medical bay was set up in the corner, a shabby bed in another corner and a pile of supplies in another corner. The place was small but it almost had a sense of home-like-ness to it. He'd obviously been settled here for quite some time. He offered her a rickety chair wordlessly whilst removing his coat and throwing it onto a box. She took the chair and put her head in her hands, screwing her eyes up tight. "Why are you doing this?" she groaned, pain shooting through her side, she positioned her arms so that the blood wouldn't be incredibly visible. "Why are you helping me, I know people like you, you think you're so superior to everyone else, hell you took it to an extreme and were trying to kill me! But now you're helping me. Why?" she felt hands on her knees and looked up sharply to find him crouching down in front of her, looking up at her with a hint of warmth in his eyes. "You are correct." He said softly, reminding her a lot of the way Spock spoke, "I am superior to others, but not to you. You are clever," one of his hands moved up to her forehead, brushing some hair away from her face, she was captivated by his eyes, "And strong," his hand moved down to her cheek, stroking it gently, her breath caught in her throat, "And beautiful." He stroked lightly down her jaw-line, letting his hand drop. "And that is why I am helping you. Because you are of equal measure to me and you have done me no wrong." Once again she was entranced in his spell, she felt her brain go fuzzy and she lost all thoughts. All she could think of was him. And then the sharpest pain yet surged through her and she gave a small, involuntary cry; her hand clamping over her wound. She screwed her eyes up tight again and turned her head, she hadn't wanted him to see that she was injured but she couldn't have hidden that pain, it was too unexpected. His hand closed gently over hers and pulled it away to reveal the wound. "Take off the dress." He said smartly, standing and walking over to the medical bay. "And lie down on the bed. You should have told me about this." She blushed, she was just wearing her Star Fleet Command, black uniform dress and this man was a terrorist. Saving her life or not he didn't want to start undressing in front of him. He looked back at her. "Anytime today." He said with a hint of an impatient tone in his voice. Standing up and clenching her teeth she pulled off the dress, it stuck slightly where it was covered in blood but she managed to pull it off to reveal her wound. It was deeper than she was expecting and she had lost a lot of blood. Her head was spinning. Then there was an arm around her waist, helping her to the bed and laying her down. "Relax." He said softly, he gently began to dab at the blood, cleaning the wound. For a little while he worked in silence, she watched his face, his eyes. All thoughts of self-consciousness were gone, now she was just concentrating on not reacting to the pain. After a while she spoke. "How long have you been here? Hiding in Kronos?" She asked, her voice was a lot weaker than she would have liked. He looked at her face, observing it for a second before slowly starting to stitch her wound closed. "A number of months." He said quietly. "Why? Why do you hide here? Why are you doing this? Who are you?" she demanded, attempting to sit up but he put a firm hand on her shoulder and held her down. "I'm here to avoid detection, I'm doing all of this to prove my point and to get back what is mine," he paused, both in his words and in aiding her but he continued as he spoke, "My name is Kahn." "Kahn," she smiled, "Not John Harrison…" "No." "Pleasure to meet you, my name is Ellarosa Kirk." She smirked before wincing as a pang of pain shot through her side. He paused for a moment as she winced, careful not to hurt her before continuing, smiling weakly at her. "Pleasure to meet you Ellarosa." He continued concentrating on helping her. "Kirk isn't actually my name," she said, distracting herself, "It's my brother's father's name. We have the same mother but not the same father. He died, my mom met a new man, had me, he turned into a moron. He was really nasty to my mom and to my brother. I got away as quickly as I could, it wasn't quick enough." She sighed, "But then my brother got all amazing and I spent my life in his shadow. He was always more, smart, more, good-looking, more perfect. It was impossible to compete with him. I tried, trained to be a flight planner, and trained in hand to hand combat and medicine, perfect for star fleet. I even qualified ahead of him, was working on the bridge ahead of him even becoming second in command let alone captain. I mean it's all good and well working with him, I just felt so… defeated." "I think… that you are perfect." He said, looking into her eyes. "Stop it." She whispered. "Stop what?" "Making me like you. I'm not meant to like you. You nearly killed me and everyone I know." "It was the way it had to be." "How do you come to that conclusion then?" "You wouldn't understand." "Then make me." They stared at each other for one long moment before he picked up some bandages and placed them over her stitches. "I don't want to talk about this anymore. You're safe here. I won't hurt you. Your people will come for you and then I will beam you aboard your ship and return you to them." Slowly, he leant down and kissed her bare skin, next to her bandages. She held her breath, watching him nervously. Truth be told she was scared to be spending any time with this man, she felt like a prisoner. But she was also scared of herself, she was scared that this man would posses her. She didn't trust herself. She sat up and found that she was closer to him that she was expecting, he put a hand to her cheek and a moment too late she realised what was happening. How he possessed her. She filled her head with thoughts of Bones and her brother, but it was too late. A moment later her brain clouded over and then filled with his thoughts. And all thoughts of everything else was gone, it was just him. She closed her eyes and parted her lips slightly, leaning ever so slightly towards him. His lips touched hers, kissing her softly. And finally, she understood. A/N: Okay extra long chapter to make up for the short ones! Hope that you like it! Don't go judging Ellarosa okay because it does get a little more complicated than I'm making out right now! Please leave your reviews!
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content This chapter is set in the 2013 film and contains spoilers for that film so if you haven't seen it/don't want spoilers I would recommend seeing it before continuing reading. But if you don't mind spoilers then go for it and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 6 – Reaching For Her "What the hell is going on Jim?!" Bones asked as he entered the bridge. All he'd heard was that the team of the Enterprise was being captained once again by Jim and they were headed for Kronos. As he walked over, he automatically looked over to Ella's seat. She wasn't there; instead it was some other girl with short dark hair. "Bones, we have to go to Kronos. We have to destroy this guy." Jim replied slowly, not meeting his eye. "Captain Kirk believes that he should be destroyed instead of being returned to Earth to stand trial for his actions." Spock said, not even turning around from his post. "Yes, thank you Mr. Spock!" Jim yelled but Bones cut in. "Jim, the pointy-eared bastard is right. He should be returned to Earth to stand trial!" "He has Ella." Jim said plainly and Bones' world came crashing down around him. He dared not let it show though. "Ella?" he asked quietly, willing his voice not to crack and Jim nodded. "I still think that he needs to be returned to Earth. Please Jim, think about it. Excuse me." he had to get out of there. He left the bridge hastily and walked, he wasn't sure where he was going, and he just knew he had to get away. He found himself somewhere in the cargo bay, there was no one there, only him. Only then did he let his feelings out. He began to sob uncontrollably, his mind wandering back to that wonderful moment when they had kissed. When he had felt that she wanted to be with him, he was sure that they would be together on their travels. Where was she now? Held captive? Seriously injured? Dead? He couldn't bear to think of how bad a shape she must be in. how much hurt she must be experiencing. Was she thinking of him? Was she crying out for him to save her? These thoughts only brought more tears, only brought more heart-ache. He needed her, he needed to know that she was safe and okay and he needed to be able to hold her. And in his heart he knew that she needed him, she needed to feel safe and secure and protected. He wanted to be with her so badly. Pulling himself together he stood up, he felt them stop from warp and he knew they were there. He was close to getting her back. He began walking briskly back to the bridge, wiping his eyes and making sure that he was not still crying he arrived at the bridge to find Sulu in the captains chair. He walked to stand beside him and kept his eyes facing right forward. Determined not to meet anyone's eyes. There were awkward silences, Kirk was on Kronos with Spock and Uhura and there had been no sign of Ella. His eyes widened as the tell-tale signs of someone being beamed up emerged right in front of them. In a flash, phasers were set and aimed and there was silence. Someone was beaming aboard the enterprise. A/N: I know it's a really short chapter but I wanted to show Bones' emotions and I needed this one to set it up for the next chapter. I will aim to have the next chapter longer I promise!
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content This chapter is set in the 2013 film and contains spoilers for that film so if you haven't seen it/don't want spoilers I would recommend seeing it before continuing reading. But if you don't mind spoilers then go for it and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 7 – Levels of Care When she opened her eyes they were groggy and the light was too sharp. She was suddenly afraid; she couldn't remember where she was or how she'd got there. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the light and then it all came flooding back to her. The attack on the federation, being helped by Kahn, kissing him. When she thought of when she'd kissed him warmth flooded through her body and she couldn't help but smile to herself. And then a slight fear, she looked down at herself, afraid at what she might find. But she was relieved to find herself dressed in her star fleet uniform. It had been washed and mended; he'd taken care of her. Tucked her into the bed and made sure she slept. She sat up slowly and looked around, she couldn't see him anywhere and suddenly she was afraid. Without him here she was scared that the Klingons would find and kill her, she wasn't just a human she was a member of the federation. She took a deep breath and swung her legs over the edge of the bed, standing slowly she glanced towards the door, hoping he would walk through it at any moment. Keeping her eyes locked on the door she took a few nervous steps towards the middle of the room. All his weapons were laid out neatly along one wall and she walked over to them, her pace quickening now as her heart rate increased, fear beginning to spike in her gut. She turned her back on the door as she picked up something that vaguely resembled a phaser. It was more advanced than a phaser but she could find the stun setting easily. "What are you doing?" the voice was soft but made her jump and turn, aiming her newly acquired phaser right at the head of her attacker. She relaxed when she saw that it was just Kahn. "My apologies, you startled me." "What are you doing?" he repeated, raising an eyebrow, amused. "You were gone. I was scared, here on my own." He walked towards her and took her hand comfortingly, replenishing the fuzzy feeling through her brain. "Ellarosa, I have done my best to assure you that this place is safe. And that I will protect you. Do you not trust me?" he asked, looking deep into her eyes and keeping a firm grip on her hand. "No… No I trust you…" she said dazedly. "Of course I trust you." She paused and looked down at their hands, smiling softly. "I was just scared when you weren't here…" she found herself in his arms in an instant. "I won't let anyone harm you… Not ever… I don't think you understand… I love you." Suddenly filled with a feeling she didn't understand she pulled back, a flash of anger crossed his eyes before he blinked and it vanished. He smiled softly and put a hand to her cheek, moving it up to rest in her hair, gripping it slightly. "You love me too, don't you?" She didn't want to answer, but his grip intensified in her hair and her head filled with unfamiliar thoughts that settled in her mind like a fog. And then she was sure. "Yes… Yes I love you…" He released his grip and smirked, stepping in close to kiss her gently. She kissed him back but when he let go of her, once again she was left with the strange emptiness. She didn't understand what was happening to her. She didn't understand the feelings she had whenever they touched, whenever he was even near her. It scared her that she understood so little, she was normally so in control of her emotions, but not this time. She knew that she should hate this man, that he had killed many men and women and didn't deserve any kindness. But, he'd saved her life, without him she wouldn't have sorted out her gash, she would have bled out. But at the same time she wouldn't have even been injured is he hadn't attacked the federation. But she'd said it herself, she loved him. Did she? And in an instant the doubt in her mind was gone. That's what happened every time any doubt ever came into her mind. It would vanish in an instant to be replaced with her strong feelings for Kahn. This battle was constant in her head, a voice in her ear, whispering things. She didn't know how to get rid of it. It hurt her head, a constant throbbing pain growing more intense by the minute. She groaned and put a hand to her forehead, she wanted rid of this pain. He looked over to her, worried, and opened his mouth to speak but they were interrupted by an announcement booming over them. She knew that voice, her spirits soared as she recognized the voice of Hikaru Sulu. Demanding that they give in and he return Ella to the ship. Once the announcement was over there was a slight pause before he walked over to her and took her arm. "Come on." He said, marching her to the centre of the room and standing her there. She watched him nervously as he walked over to his weapons bay and began flicking switches. "What's going on?" she asked quietly. "I'm sending you back." "Why?" "Don't worry, we'll be back together soon." He said with a gentle smile. "Wait!" she said and he paused, she ran over to the weapons bay and picked up a small knife. "What are you doing?" "They won't understand… They'll think you did something to me… Trust me." she said striding back to her spot in the middle of the room. "Beam me up then." He flicked the switches and looked at her. "Three… two…" She pulled up her dress and tore off the bandages, cutting through the stitches. The pain brought tears to her eyes as the wound began gushing blood once again and his eyes widened in alarm. She threw down the bloody knife but it was too late. She was teleporting. Moments later she was breathing heavily, tears pouring down her cheeks with her hand clamped to her side, and she was staring right back at the stunned crew of the Enterprise. Half a dozen phasers were trained on her and she let out a light whimper of fear. "Don't shoot!" someone yelled, she wasn't sure who but all phasers were lowered at once. She looked around; she didn't understand why everyone was so still and staring. Why Sulu was in the captains chair. Bones, he was stood next to Sulu. And a new pain seemed to ache in her heart, a new form of something she didn't understand. He looked confused, scared, shocked. His arms had been folded but at the sight of her he let them drop as his eyes observed her as if she wasn't really there. He took a step towards her, and she looked right back at him, still panting. A sweat broke out across her body as she tried to cope with the pain. Her forehead creased and tears continued to fall from her eyes. "Dr. McCoy…" she said weakly, she moved her hand to show the blood and he rushed forward at once. Clamping his hand over her wound and swooping her up into his arms at once. As he did she realised why, her head went weak from the blood loss and she felt herself blacking out. As she went limp in his arms he began to run towards the medical bay, everyone watched him leave nervously. Sulu licked his lips and switched on the com anxiously, getting up communications with Spock and Kirk. "Captain Kirk?" He said and awaited a few terrible moments of silence. "What is it Sulu? Is everything okay?" Kirk's voice echoed, sounding worried for his ship. "Everything's fine sir… Ellarosa was just beamed aboard." There was a silence before Kirk's reply. "Thank you Mr. Sulu." He said, his voice was a little higher than normal and Sulu smiled to himself. Lieutenant Kirk was safe. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bones rushed through the corridors with the girl in his arms; he had to get her to the medical bay as quickly as possible to keep her safe. To say he was panicking would be an understatement, no one understood, she was so important. Now he knew he had her back he couldn't lose her, not again. He pushed through the doors and ordered a surgery kit and a small medical team. He set her down on the bed closest the door and carefully cut through her shirt to get to the wound. He didn't allow himself the embarrassment of seeing his best friends little sister, let alone the woman he loved in simply her underwear, his intentions at this moment were purely as her Doctor to save her life. He set to work immediately. Unlike when her wound had been taken care of before, as the wound had been re-opened it had been made deeper by her knife and wider, this made it infinitely more dangerous. She remained unconscious but a nurse injected her with a mild sedative anyway to help her stay under throughout the operation and experience as little pain as possible. Bones mopped at the blood as quickly as possible but it continued to bleed, he needed to stop the bleeding. As far as he was aware the gash couldn't have affected any of her main blood arteries or veins or any main organs at all so it couldn't be anything like that. It was simply that the wound had been made recently. He continued to clean as much as he could before he noticed something outlining the edges of the wound, something black and thin. Stitches. This wound had been closed before and re-opened and that explained the extensive bleeding. All they could do was put pressure on it, close it, and wait for it to stop. He worked quickly, mopping up as much as he could before extracting the previous stitches whilst a nurse resumed keeping the blood to a minimum. Once he'd done that he pinched the wound closed and began quickly re-stitching the wound closed again. Once he was happy that it was the best it could be and as closed as possible, he cleaned the rest of the blood himself. With the wound stitched closed the bleeding stopped quite as much and they were able to clean the most of it off before applying a fresh bandage. Once it was done Bones took a step back and took a deep breath, having to calm himself down as he looked down at her. This wound had happened and been closed and then re-opened. Had Harrison re-opened it? Had he inflicted it in the first place? Bones clenched his teeth at the thought. He left the nurse's to change her and make her more comfortable whilst she was sedated and he went to wash his hands and change his shirt which was now stained with blood. He gazed at himself in the reflection of the red-tinted water and tears suddenly sprung in his eyes. That was Ella's blood. He had just had to stitch her back together, but that wasn't the only thing bothering him. She'd called him Dr. McCoy. She'd been the one to come with the nickname Bones and teach it to Jim after they'd first met. Why didn't she use it now? What had happened to her on Kronos? "Doctor?" a nurse was behind him, he wiped his eyes hastily and turned around. "Would you like me to check her vitals?" "No."Bones said, "No, I'll do it." He made his way over to her bed and stood beside her, he looked down at her, merely observing her for a few moments before picking up his instruments. And beginning his examination, as he began she stirred. She moaned something, a name; Bones couldn't make out what name it was. But even just seeing her move, hearing her make a noise, made him stop in his tracks and watch her. Her eyelids flickered open and rested on him. He smiled warmly down at her and she looked back up at him, after a few seconds and light smile tried to come to her lips, it didn't matter that it didn't quite get there, he could see it in her eyes. "Hey there." He said softly and she licked her lips before replying. "Hi…." She croaked and he couldn't stop the tears coming down her cheeks. "How're you feeling?" "A little weird but I think I'll be okay." "You better be." He smiled, but he knew that he needed to get the answers out of her now. "Ella…" "Doctor!" a nurse shouted from across the bay and he turned. "What is it?" he asked, a little irritated. "We've just been informed that the Captain is returning to the Enterprise with Harrison." The nurse informed them and Bones turned back to Ella. He expected her to look scared or at least sad. Instead, excitement glimmered in her eyes. "Harrison?" she asked her voice a bit stronger, "John Harrison is coming aboard?" "Ella, what happened?" "He saved my life…" "I refuse to believe that. He kills he doesn't save." "He saved me." There was a silence as they glared at each other. "Ellarosa you're confused." He said and resumed checking her vitals. She turned her head away from him and towards the open door. The door to the medical bay was always open in case of their need to get people in or out quickly. She looked angry and upset now; she stared pointedly at the door as if awaiting something. Bones watched her, a little curious, a little confused. She was deluded of course, she must have helped herself and convinced herself that it was Harrison, but she'd seemed so sure of it. His biggest puzzle arrived a moment later. Harrison was being marched past the medical centre, Bones looked up to watch him pass and he glanced in. he caught sight of Ella and pushed through his guards. In the confusion of guards yelling and retrieving their phasers and Jim ordering them not to shoot, Bones didn't even look at Ella's face. If he had, he'd have seen that she was excited to see Harrison, the smile reached her lips this time and she watched as Harrison ran to her bedside, shouting her name in desperation and clinging to her hand. She looked pleased to see him and as Bones watched his heart sank. "Ellarosa!" Harrison exclaimed and Bones raised an eyebrow as he noted tears in the terrorist's eyes and a terrified edge to his voice. What worried him was the likeness it held to his own worry for Ella. "Why did you do that? Why did you open the stitches?" "They wouldn't understand…" Ella whispered, "Wait!" she raised her voice slightly as some of the guard's grabbed Harrison's arms and tried to drag him away. They looked to Jim for orders and he nodded slightly, keeping a very close eye on Harrison. He and Bones exchanged a look of confusion and worry. "They wouldn't understand that you saved my life… they still don't believe me now… They won't understand our love…" At this Bones' heart broke in two. That kiss, it had been a front, just to get him to leave her alone and stop asking her. That's what she'd told Spock, she never really liked him she was just trying to get him to stop. But how on earth had she fallen for this man? But even as he watched her pupils dilated and her breathing quickened when she was near to this criminal, this murderer. Bones looked to Jim who also looked alarmed and Spock looked curious. The guards were exchanging confused glances and all the medical staff seemed to have stopped just to watch what was going on. "You're right…" Harrison whispered, "They won't understand…" he brought a hand up to her face and caressed her cheek softly, making her smile brighter. Bones narrowed his eyes as he watched, her eyes seemed to be glazed over as she gazed at him, and something didn't feel right. "I love you…" she whispered and brought her hand up to his cheek, after a moment she leaned up and kissed him softly. This seemed to be the final straw for Jim and he personally grabbed Harrison and pulled him away. "No…" Ella whimpered and tears came to her eyes as she watched him pulled away. The guards followed leaving her alone with Bones. "Ella…" Bones began quietly and she turned to look at him. Her eyes were still a bit glazed but whether that was the tears or the same reason as before he couldn't tell. "Ella did you do this to yourself?" he asked gently. She turned her head away again and spoke in a dismissing tone. "Yes. You wouldn't understand." A tear rolled down her cheek and she closed her eyes. Bones opened his mouth to speak again but shut it quickly; instead he finished her medical exam and walked quickly away. He was unsure of how much more heart-break he could endure, he knew that there was something wrong; he just wished that he could work out what.
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content This chapter is set in the 2013 film and contains spoilers for that film so if you haven't seen it/don't want spoilers I would recommend seeing it before continuing reading. But if you don't mind spoilers then go for it and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 8 – Control of the Mind Ellarosa was kept in the medical bay for three days before she was released. After the first day she was restless and anxious to be released but the following two days were even painful for her. She wanted to get out so badly that she tried to sneak out before being retrieved and tucked firmly back into bed. Bones only tended to her when she was asleep, he couldn't bear to speak to her, and it was hard for him to even look at her. She'd broken his heart so badly that it stung him like he'd never felt before. He hurt even more than when he and his wife had divorced and that had been pretty painful. Once she was discharged he hardly saw her, apparently she spent most of her time in the cells with Harrison. She was never allowed in the cell with him but she sat one side of the glass and he would sit the other. The day she was discharged was the day they discovered his true identity, that was the day that things started to get even stranger with Ella. She was nervous and anxious as it was but once she was restricted from touching Kahn she became paranoid and complained consistently of painful headaches. It was the sixth day without touching him when she walked slowly into the cells, and looked at him. "Kahn…" she spoke softly and he looked up at her nervously. In his heart he knew what was happening. She walked down the middle of the room towards his cell as Bones and Kirk entered the room. Bones' heart skipped a beat when he saw Ella walking towards Kahn's cell. Kirk put out a hand to stop him walking forward; he recognized the look of anger on his sister's face and wanted to know the reason why. Luckily she didn't notice them enter. "Ellarosa." Kahn replied, standing and watching her walk towards him, he also seemed to see the cold anger in her eyes. "Explain to me… Explain to me what you've done to my head. Because I think I've finally worked it out. You've manipulated me, you've been in my head and you've messed around. You originally gained my trust by saving my life and helping me, and then, I don't know how you did it. Something to do with when you touched my head, but you managed to get access to my brain and you manipulated it." She was still speaking with a quiet, dangerous edge to her voice. One that Kahn didn't quite seem to understand the danger of and he thought that he could dodge around the subject. "Ellarosa, you are mistaken…" "Don't tell me that I am mistaken!" she yelled suddenly. Making his face change from soft to stern. "You have no idea, what I've done, what I've sacrificed. You're mistaken, you love me." Kahn said slowly and she strode forward until she was so close that her spit hit the glass. "Don't you dare! I don't love you! I never have done and I never will! You can put me under your spell a hundred times but you will never know what real love is!" she shouted, Kirk and Bones moved a few steps forward, just in case, "You know why? Because I do know what real love is! I know that people feel it for me, I know that I have a brother who loves me and even a man who loves me, really loves me, not just fake-loving me and having to put me under a spell to get me to love him back because I just do!" she paused, "I love him, I love Bones…" she breathed. Kahn paused before speaking quietly, "You love me Ellarosa." "God damn it! I don't!" she screamed and punched the glass which cracked and left a deep cut across her knuckles. The glass repaired itself instantly and she went to hit it again. Bones and Kirk rushed forward and grabbed one arm each, dragging her back as she fought against them, kicking and screaming. Blood streamed down her hand and the pain in her head finally subsided as she admitted to herself that she didn't love Kahn and it had never been real. After a moment she stopped fighting and sagged in the men's arms, sobbing in defeat. It was a horrible feeling, to know that someone had been in your mind and played around, and by doing that she had unintentionally hurt so many people. Not just herself but her brother, Spock, Uhura, Bones. She'd hurt Bones the most and she hated herself for it. It felt strange right down to her gut. Like someone had physically taken her mind and messed around. She felt Jim give her a quick pat on the shoulder before leaving her alone with Bones who had his arm draped across her shoulders and was rubbing her back comfortably. She looked up at him. "I'm so sorry Bones…" she whispered and he looked as if he was about to say something but they were interrupted by Jim's voice. "Bones. Get her to the med bay." Jim said, not moving his eyes from Khans. Bones put his hand under Ella's elbow and helped her up. He then put a hand on her back and guided her out of the cells; she glanced back towards Kahn with tears dribbling down her cheeks, when she turned back around, the tears stopped. They walked quickly to the med bay and she sat up on a bed. "I spend too much time in here…" she joked lightly and he allowed himself a smile. He was still feeling a little awkward around her. He knew that she hadn't known what she was feeling or what she was saying but he was still upset about it. She had still broken his heart. She noticed that he was avoiding looking into her eyes. A silence stretched between them as he dabbed at her knuckles, and she lowered her eyes. "I'm really sorry Bones… I don't know how hard it could have been… I don't know how I'd have reacted, how I'd have survived if our roles were reversed… That kiss, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. Bones, I think I love you." At this he stopped and looked her in the eyes. "How do I know?" he said softly, "How do I know that you actually feel this? Or if it's just Kahn's play?" Desperately trying not to let her voice crack, "Check my vitals, scan my brain, do anything Bones! Just know that it's not! Please! You have to trust me!" she stood up and took his hands, placing them on her waist and she took his face in her own hands. "Bones. You are my life, my world, my everything… Don't you dare laugh because it sounds so cheesy, because you mean so much to me! Please don't tell me that, that kiss was nothing that I mean nothing to you!" she begged. "Tell me; show me how I can prove to you that I'm being genuine!" "Ella… Sit down; you need to keep your heart-rate down. I need to check your vitals." "Bones!" "Lieutenant Kirk, please!" he said, his voice slightly raised as he moved his hands from her waist and put them on her shoulders, sitting her firmly back down. She looked up at him with tears in her eyes but pressed her lips together and stared straight ahead as he continued her examination. He finished and told her that she was alright. "May I go then?" she asked harshly and he looked at her surprised. "Yes." He said quickly and she got up and marched out, angrily brushing away tears as she went. He looked after her and sighed, he didn't understand why he was reacting this way. He did believe that she was better, that she was cured, and that she loved him. But he couldn't bring himself to forgive her for the mistakes that she had made whilst under the influence of Kahn. He knew that it wasn't her fault but he couldn't quite bring himself to admit that out loud. He sighed and rubbed his forehead before starting to make his way back to the bridge. He was intercepted by Jim. "Bones!" Jim shouted and Bones stopped to look at him, he wasn't really in the mood to talk about his non-existent relationship with his friend's sister now. "Ellarosa's fine Jim." He said, avoiding eye contact and Jim looked confused for a moment before shaking his head. "No, I need you to go to a planetoid with Dr. Marcus to try and find out what's inside the torpedoes." Bones paused for a second before replying slowly, "So, you want me to go to an abandoned planet with a gorgeous woman alone?" Jim thought for a second before nodding, "Yes, yes that is the basic outline… of what I'm saying…" Bones nodded for a second in agreement, "Okay, I'll help." Jim nodded with a slight smile before returning his journey to the bridge, Bones turned around and made his way back to the med bay to get changed, he decided that he needed to put all thoughts of Ella from his mind and concentrate solely on the torpedo. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . She walked back to her cabin and slammed the door; she wiped the tears away from her face and sat down heavily on her bed. She'd had her heart broken twice in one day, but she wasn't upset, she was angry. Angry at Kahn for possessing her mind without her permission and angry at Bones for not trusting or believing her. she knew that she needed to get back to work, she knew that she needed to be distracted to make herself feel better but she needed a moment first. She started to breathe heavily and she massaged her forehead gently, taking a deep breath she stood up and collected herself. "Come on Ella, be a grown up. Stop being so stupid." She left her cabin and started to make her way to the bridge. Uhura ran past her and almost ran into her. "Hey! Nyota! What's going on?" Ella asked, raising an eyebrow. Her friend looked scared, she was panting and looked desperate to get to the bridge. "It's McCoy and Marcus, they're on the planetoid with a torpedo and it's about to self-destruct!" Nyota yelled as she began to run again. For a moment Ella was shocked into silence before she gasped and began running in the direction of the teleportation bay. "Beam me down." She instructed as she walked through. "What?" the officer in command seemed surprised but she snapped at him. "Beam me down there now! I can save them in half the time it will take Marcus. Energise!" she shouted and felt the familiar sense of her body being divided into a million tiny particulates and then being transported to her destination. She arrived on the surface of the planet to see Dr. Marcus desperately trying to cut the wires; she was being precise but taking too much time over it. Judging by Ella's quick calculations she would take at least forty-five seconds more whereas they now had twenty. Bones had his arm trapped, his eyes screwed up in pain, they widened in alarm as he saw Ella. "Jim! What the hell are you doing sending Ella down here?!" he yelled and she could hear Jim's startled voice from a communication device by Bones' feet. "What?! What do you mean Ella's down there?" "Yeah…" Ella said slowly, rushing forward and snatching up a pair of pliers before shouldering Dr. Marcus out of the way, "He doesn't know I'm here. Sorry," she apologised briefly as Marcus fell to the floor from the force of Ella's push. "But you're being too slow." As Ella worked she worked twice the speed with just as much accuracy. The timer was counting down to zero, it was on three. "Ella what the hell are you doing?!" Bones yelled but she ignored him. "Lieutenant Kirk with all due respect you don't know what you're doing! I do!" Marcus yelled trying to elbow back in but Ella pushed her aside once again. "I don't know what I'm doing?" she shouted, "Bull-shit!" she yanked out the core as it hit zero and they were thrown backwards as the torpedo opened. Ella screwed her eyes shut and waited for it to explode, but it didn't. "Weapons expert?" she muttered under her breath, pushing herself up off the ground and opening her eyes, "Not a real area of study." "I'm sorry I didn't quite catch that?" Dr. Marcus said harshly but Ella turned to look at her with an air of mock-innocence. "Oh I didn't say anything." She said, standing. She looked over to see Bones on his feet and walking towards her. She knew that she was going to get into a lot of trouble with her brother for this but right now she didn't care, as long as she didn't get into trouble with Bones. She held her breath as he walked over to her, completely ignoring the now open torpedo that Carol was examining. He put his arms around her wordlessly and held her tightly, after a confused pause she returned his embrace and nestled herself into his chest. He gently stroked her hair and kissed the top of her forehead. "I'm sorry for ever doubting you…" he whispered and she pulled back a little to look into his eyes, they were warm and caring. She grinned. "Perhaps I should risk both our lives more often if this is the response I'm going to get…" she smiled. "Don't you dare." He warned and she giggled, her smiled warmly at her and continued to stroke the hair from out of her face. "How did you manage to do that?" "It was easy," she said with a little shrug, "She was doing it right, she was just being too slow. It needed to be done faster, so I took over. I'm very clever you see." "Oh you're definitely back to normal!" She laughed again and their lovely moment was ruined by Dr. Marcus. "Dr. McCoy, Lieutenant Kirk, you should see this." She called to them and they moved apart and over to the torpedo. Nothing could have prepared them for what they saw inside, and what it meant for their future. A/N: I hope you like this! I am trying really hard not to make it boring whilst covering all the basic points that actually inspired me to write this story in the first place. Please review it means a lot to me! I especially want to know what you think of Ella, I'm trying to make her likeable but not annoyingly perfect, so please let me know what you think! Thanks!
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content This chapter is set in the 2013 film and contains spoilers for that film so if you haven't seen it/don't want spoilers I would recommend seeing it before continuing reading. But if you don't mind spoilers then go for it and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 9 – The End of the Beginning "You can't just beam down to a planet that's in trouble and expect me to not be angry!" Jim yelled, he was berating Ellarosa for being so stupid as to go down there, luckily he'd decided to spare her the humiliation of doing it in front of the whole crew and she was sitting on her bed in her cabin, looking at him grumpily like a teenager being told off by their parent. "I can't believe you're annoyed at me for saving their lives!" she yelled right back. "Dr. Marcus was doing it just as well!" "Dr. Marcus was taking too long! If I hadn't intervened they would both be dead." "You don't get to decide that what you did was right! Okay so you might have saved their lives but you should have checked with me first!" "I had thirty seconds! Literally thirty seconds! And you expect me to run to the bridge where you would have evidently told me that I couldn't go, and then defy you and run all the way back to the teleportation room to be beamed down as the torpedo blew up?!" she shouted, standing up and squaring up to him. "Yes. Yes that is exactly what I expected you to do!" "Unbelievable! You know that you are a complete…" she turned away from him with a slight laugh of disbelief. "Hey! I'm your captain you have no right to say anything like that!" "What are you gonna do? Maroon your own sister for defying you and doing what was right?!" she shouted, turning back to face him and raising an eyebrow in triumph at his lack of being able to retort. He took a step towards her and pointed a finger, still looking incredibly angry. "I wouldn't do that. But you are grounded." "Grounded? How old am I, twelve?" "You're not to leave this room." He said turning and going to leave. "What?! Jim!" she shouted before picking up a cushion and hurling it at the door as he closed it. She then turned towards her bed and threw herself face down screaming into her sheets like a stroppy teenager. "Don't be so immature!" she heard him shout through the door. "Then don't treat me like a child!" she shouted right back, she awaited his retort but when he didn't reply she looked up, pouting, her hair across her face. She hated this, the fact that her brother was better than her at everything and that meant he could boss her around. She turned over onto her back and lay across her bed, gazing up at the ceiling. She heard her door open and picked up another cushion, not looking she hurled it at the newcomer, expecting it to be her brother. "I'm sorry, would you like me to come back later?" Bones smiled. She tipped her head back to see him and smiled weakly, he was stood just inside her doorway holding her cushion and looking a little startled. "I'm sorry Bones," she said, rolling over and lying on her front, resting her chin on her hands. "I got grounded; I can't come out to play…" He grinned and threw the cushions back at her, "Damn it Ella! Why are you always getting into trouble?" She laughed and sat up, hugging a cushion to her chest. "Apparently my brother wasn't too happy that I didn't tell him I was planning to risk my life to save two others." "I have to say," Bones said, sitting down on the edge of her bed, "I kind of agree with him. Or at least I see his point of view!" he quickly corrected himself at the look on her face, "His little sister wades into a place and claims to do things that technically she's never been trained to do and he's just expected to be okay with that? Hell, even I wasn't okay with that!" "You're never okay with anything I do." "No… And neither was Kahn." Bones said slowly and Ella looked up, curiously with a hint of anger in her eyes, all jokes gone. "Kahn?" "Yes, he was very angry when he heard what you'd done. Ella, I know it's strange, but I think that he does love you. Properly loves you and he knew that he was a killer and a criminal and you wouldn't love him back, which is why he did what he did." "That gives him no more right to do what he did." "No, no it does not. But it does mean that we might be able to use that fact to our advantage." Ella paused and pursed her lips, "I don't wanna be anywhere near him if that's what you're implying." "No… To be honest I don't really want you anywhere near him. Definitely not within touching distance." He smiled and she returned his smile. "You're mad you are…" She grinned and he nodded. "I've been reliably informed." She sat up on her knees and smiled as she leaned in close to kiss him. Moments before their lips were to meet, the ship gave a lurch and they were thrown apart. "What's going on?" Ella asked, alarmed as she looked up at him. "I dunno… Come on!" he grabbed her hand and dragged her out of the room, she ran along behind him and they reached the bridge. Jim was sat in the chair and Admiral Marcus was on the screen. They entered just as Dr. Marcus was beamed off the ship and aboard the Vengeance. "What the hell is going on?" Ella hissed to Bones as they ran onto the bridge. "I have no idea…" he replied, standing next to her as they went to stand beside Jim. "If it's any consolation…" Marcus said, "I was never going to spare your crew." Ella looked from Jim to Bones, she felt Bones take her hand and give it a gentle squeeze. The screen went dead and she turned to Jim. "What are you gonna do?" she asked quietly. "You're meant to be grounded." "You're really gonna do this now?" He looked at her and smiled, "You missed it, Scotty is a life-saver. Sulu keep the shields up," he began to run towards the door. Ella let go of Bones' hand and ran a little further up in his pursuit. "Where are you going?" "Aboard the Vengeance! We have to take it from within." Ella stopped, shocked and looked around, her eyes connected with Spock's and he paused before rushing after Jim. "Oh, my God…" Ella said as it dawned on her, "He's going to join forces with Kahn." "Ella," Bones walked up to her quickly, "He's not stupid, he won't let you get hurt in this process." She didn't look at him; she kept her eyes cast down. "We were just attacked, they'll need you in medical Bones." She spoke quietly. "Ella, come with me." "No. I'm gonna stay here; they'll need my help with defences and re-routing the power. You go to medical, I'll see you soon I promise." She said, turning to look at him with a small smile. He put a hand on her shoulder and squeezed it gently. "Go, Bones…" she said, she hugged him quickly before rushing to her seat and helping Sulu with getting the shields up as much as possible whilst Bones ran off back to the med bay. Spock returned and sat in the captain's chair, Ella didn't pay much attention for the next twenty minutes or so as she was focussing solely on keeping their shields up and restoring as much of their power as possible. She ran up to Uhura's desk to confirm some orders as they were hailed by the Vengeance. She expected to see Jim telling them that everything was okay. She did see Jim, held captive by Kahn. She stood at the top of the bridge and watched as Kahn hit Jim hard across the head. "Jim!" she shouted involuntarily and ran forward, there was no way that she could help him from here but she was still scared for her brother's safety. Spock caught a hold of her arms and held her back; he gently pushed her behind him and held her there. Spock made the deal quickly, Kahn's torpedoes for Jim, Scotty and Carol. Once the exchange was complete she ran to the med bay to check on her brother. She saw him and ran to him, throwing her arms around his neck. "Thank God you're okay! You're such an idiot you know that?" she laughed and he hugged her back, laughing slightly himself. "Pretty sure I've heard that one before." "I'm sure that people prefer pain in the ass." She smiled as she pulled away. Bones was by her side in an instant and they heard about the torpedoes being detonated. Bones assured them that he still had all the men and women that were inside the torpedoes and they grinned at one another, perhaps they could win this fight after all. The feeling of glee was quickly dampened as Kahn's voice was heard ship-wide. "Since you've been so kind as to steal the most precious thing from me, why don't I steal something precious to you?" he said his voice smooth with anger. Ella's heart sank as she experienced the all-too-familiar feeling of being teleported. She turned to Bones and clung to his shirt, he put his hands on her shoulders, she'd started to glow. "Bones! Don't let me go! Please! I can't go back to him he won't let me go!" she pleaded, clinging to him. But Kahn was clever; it was locked onto her specifically. "Ella…" Bones breathed, his face filled with alarm, Jim watched with wide eyes. Kahn was stealing Ella back. "Don't let me go!" she screamed, but it was too late, she was beaming through space and onto a falling ship. As she beamed aboard she was ready to run but she was a second too late, Kahn had a strong grip on her wrist, she struggled against him but she couldn't help herself. He stared coldly into her eyes and she saw it, the twisted love that Bones had described. The idea that he loved her but was forced to control her love in return. Unfortunately, having these thoughts and this pity she felt for him made it easier for him to possess her as he put a hand to her forehead. She shook her head weakly and screwed up her face in an attempt to resist, but she couldn't. The fuzzy feeling penetrated her entire being, stronger and more fuelled than before and she felt a deep love for Kahn once more. He smiled an evil smile before pulling her over to the controls and sitting her behind them. He then pulled out a syringe and injected it into her arm. "This is my blood." He said plainly, "It will protect you and ensure your survival in what is to come. Follow my every order do you understand?" "Yes…" she said weakly. "Stay here. I'll come and be beside you in a minute." She did as she was told and remained sitting underneath the control board; she held her legs and buried her face in her knees. She could feel them spiralling down and she knew there was going to be an impact, she knew that without Kahn's protection she would die. Moments later she felt Kahn beside her, his arms around her and she clung to him, burying her face in his chest and screwing up her face. They remained like this until the ship finally came to a crashing stop and then he grabbed her hand and guided her down to the lowest point they could get to in the wreckage. "We have to jump." He said simply, keeping a tight grip of her hand. "Jump?!" she shouted, terrified. He looked at her and attempted a reassuring smile. "Just follow me!" he grinned and in that moment she had the impulse to jump. They did so in unison and slid down the edge of the ship and down to the streets below. They walked through the crowd of people keeping a normal pace so as to not attract attention to themselves despite their injuries. Well, more Ella's injuries. She had a deep cut across the left side of her forehead, another deep cut across her right cheekbone and a split lip, not to mention numerous bruises across her face. She was glancing around and something caught her eye and made her stop. The golden rings of someone teleporting. A slight feeling of hope rose in her chest as she recognised Spock, but she didn't understand why she felt hopeful. "Spock…" she whispered and Kahn grabbed her hand and began to run. She followed him, able to keep up easily thanks to a mixture of his blood and her training. But Spock was close behind them; she could feel him gaining on them. "Jump!" Kahn instructed her once again and she obeyed at once, leaping and landing on a moving vehicle. She crouched down and kept out of the way as Kahn and Spock fought across the vehicle, when it came to moving Kahn held out his hand and she ran to him, grabbing on and leaping as he did. Spock followed and as they brawled she decided this was enough, she couldn't bear to see Kahn, the man she loved get injured. "Stop it!" she screamed, throwing herself in between them. The wind that rushed around them made her hair fly around her face madly, she held her arms outstretched between them. "Stop this! It's crazy! You're crazy both of you stop!" "Ellarosa! Get out of the way!" Kahn shouted above the wind but she didn't move. "Lieutenant Kirk," Spock said loudly, still managing to sound amazingly smart-ass about the howling wind, "Because of him, Captain Kirk is…" Ella turned to look at him, Captain Kirk, Jim, her brother. A strange feeling spiked in her head. "What is it?" she yelled. "He's dead…" Spock spoke quietly but she heard him perfectly clearly. "Dead?" she spoke just as quietly as he had and when he nodded in agreement, the fuzzy feeling subsided once more. Real love took over from the fake, manufactured love that Kahn had poisoned her mind with. She turned slowly to Kahn, "Because of you, my brother is dead. My only family." After a moment's hesitation she lurched at him, screaming and kicking, spitting and clawing, doing anything she could to cause him harm. "Ellarosa!" he yelled and grabbed her head with both hands, "You love me!" he shouted it; it was a command, an instruction. But her intense feelings of love and grief for her brother were overpowering his spell. "No!" she screamed right back and the force of the destruction of his spell knocked them both back and away from each other, she landed heavily on her back and on the metal it hurt like hell. Now incredibly angry, Kahn sprung up and strode over to her. He stamped down hard on her leg, breaking it as he had done to Carol. She screamed in pain but he crouched on top of her and began striking her hard across the face. Adding to the bruises and giving her fresh cuts. "You dare disobey me!" he yelled as he picked her up and slammed her down against the metal. He did this twice, knocking her out cold. He then turned just as Uhura teleported down; she sent stun after stun at him and yelled into her com. "Enterprise!" she called as Spock began his assault on Kahn, "Enterprise beam up Ella!" she watched as Ella's body glowed gold before disappearing where she knew it would appear safely on the Enterprise, only then did she allow her attention to return to Spock and Kahn. The only chance to save Jim Kirk's life. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Bones ran to the teleportation room once he heard that someone had been beamed aboard, he expected it to be Kahn and was surprised to find Ella. It was a sick surprise though, once again he was forced to scoop her up into his arms and rush her to the medical bay to tend to her wounds. Now he had a choice, Kahn was going to be back momentarily, did he tend to Jim or to Ella. He knew that if they were both conscious then they would order him to help the other and while Jim was technically dead Ella looked pretty terrible. He knew that any of the other nurses or Doctors could tend to Ella or to Jim. It was just his choice. He called over one of the doctors and asked him if he knew what to do once they had Kahn's blood. As the Doctor confirmed that he knew what to do Bones instructed him to do just that and he chose to take care of Ella. He started by sorting out her leg, he re-set it and put it in a cast. The break was a little bit nastier than Dr. Marcus' had been and would take a little longer to heal. She would need to walk with crutches for a little while whereas their technology meant that Dr. Marcus wouldn't need to. He then cleaned all her wounds and stitched up the particularly deep ones. Once she was cleaned up and on the road to recovery he strapped her in to prevent her falling and getting hurt and then checked all her vitals. She was going to be okay. Only once she was finished did he allow himself to stop being her Doctor for a moment and allowed himself to be the man who loved her. He gently pushed hair from her face and looked down at her, "Ella," he whispered, "You get yourself into trouble more times than I swear it's possible. But how the hell did you survive this?" "It was love." An unexpected voice said from the other side of her bed, it was Spock. "Love?" Bones asked a little confused. "Yes, once she learned of the captains death the spell broke." He said and then added, "The captain is revived and stable." "So her love for Jim broke that messed up love spell?" "Yes. I also believe her love for you played a large part in it." Spock said and Bones nodded slowly. It reminded him. "Spock, what did she say to you? That day, the day that Kahn attacked the federation and kidnapped her?" "She simply asked me not to tell the captain, I fail to see why she was worried though." He said and Bones forced himself not to smile. "Is there something you wish to say to me Dr. McCoy?" Spock asked. And Bones laughed. "No… It just sounds a lot like her… She's always worried about Jim. He gets into trouble and fights more than she does." "That does not surprise me." "She doesn't want to worry him, that's all." Bones smiled fondly down at her. "We're gonna be okay, aren't we Spock?" Bones said, more as a comfort to himself than as a question but of course Spock didn't understand that. "I very much believe so Dr. McCoy." He said with a slight smile and he left. Bones smiled down at Ella, "We're gonna be okay… It's over." A/N: Okay! There might be one more chapter just like I did at the end of when I re-capped the first film just for the feelings and stuff! But this is me officially finishing the back story! From now on it's going to be focussing mainly on my own story! Hope you've enjoyed it so far and I'm looking forward to reviews and your feedback! Please always leave feedback because I really, really appreciate it! Thanks guys! I'm loving this story so much!
Star Trek Okay, so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies may not like the ideas I have for this FanFiction but please don't hate on it. I don't own Star Trek or any related content This chapter is set after the 2013 film and could contain spoilers for that film so if you haven't seen it/don't want spoilers I would recommend seeing it before continuing reading. But if you don't mind spoilers then go for it and carry on reading! This chapter is dedicated to Daniel James Gannaway who is obsessed with this story and I think it's only down to him that I've still got the willpower to write every day. So thank you Dan, and when I'm a world famous author it'll be more than a chapter, I'll be sure to dedicate a book to you. I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 10 – Inevitability Her fingers slipped a little bit more, the wind was so strong and her fingers were almost numb. She was going to fall she could feel it, and when she did she would fall right into the turbine below where she would be shredded to pieces. She let out a little cry, his hand was just above her, and he was begging her to jump. Her legs were dangling uselessly beneath her, the tube was too slippery, and she could hardly hold on let alone manage to jump up to grab onto his hand. She was going to die. It was inevitable, she looked up into his face and a mixture of feelings surged through her in one jumbled mess. Anger at what he did; an unforgivable anger that mingled with the pain that he had caused her when he'd done it. And heart-break, the memory of loss and then the joy at reconciliation. But all of this had caused the anger, and now fear. She was scared that he was going to have to deal with her death, she was scared of death. She didn't know how to hold on much longer, there was always a shot she supposed. A small ray of hope, like a sunbeam in a cellar full of prisoners trapped for eternity. Knowing that her finger were about to give way she took a deep breath and braced her feet against the side of the tube. She looked up to him. "You promise you'll catch me?" she yelled above the rushing wind and he nodded, speaking quietly but with a promise she could always hear. "I promise." So she jumped. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . "Okay. If you had to save one species what would it be? Klingons or Cryons?" Ellarosa Kirk and Dr. Leonard McCoy were walking through the Star-fleet headquarters towards the hanger where they would be transported to the Enterprise. A year had passed since the events that had happened with Kahn and, although she did a damn good job of hiding it, Bones sometimes saw that Ella was still upset by what happened, what she did. "I wouldn't wanna save either!" he protested but she poked him lightly. "No you have to pick one!" "Why?" "Because that's the game." "Okay," he said, thinking, she watched him with a smile on her face, "I would save the Cryons." He said with a slight nod and she narrowed her eyes. "Why?" "Because they're not half as annoying as the Klingons. The Klingons are all out to start a war that will span across the universe; the Cryons only kill if we get too close. They're peaceful to an extent and aren't particularly keen on war." She considered his answer for a moment before smiling and nodding, "Very structured argument, well done." She grinned and he grinned back. "Why? Who would you choose?" "The Klingons of course." She said as if it was the most obvious thing in the world and he looked at her. They had reached the check in to the shuttle to the enterprise now and as they waited for the attendant to check them in he looked at her, confused. "Why?" She had been checked in and was halfway up the steps, the attendant checked him and allowed him through and she stopped and turned to look at him as he asked, she raised an eyebrow with a smile, "Far more inventive methods of torture." She winked and continued up the steps, he laughed and shook his head before joining her on the shuttle. They sat next to each other in their normal seats behind Jim and Spock who were arguing about something again. They argued a lot, the rest of the crew tried their best to stay out of it. Ella sat by the window and Bones sat next to her, they could hear snippets of the argument in front of them and they heard things about 'a dangerous threat' and Kirk replying that 'it wasn't their problem'. Ella raised an eyebrow to Bones who smirked; they relaxed in their seats and started a conversation about Klingon torture methods as opposed to Cryon torture methods. The journey was short and soon they were aboard the Enterprise in the loading docks. Ella had to get to the bridge whereas Bones was to make his way to the medical bay. Just before they were to part Bones gently took her arm and brought her away from the crowds into a slightly more secluded part of the deck. It was almost bare and there were only a couple of people around, Bones put his hands on her waist and she grinned winding her own arms around his neck. "Do your best not to die?" he said to her and she suppressed a giggle. "I'll do my very best. Although I think that my brother's in a bit of a bad mood, so I'm not sure that I'm gonna last long!" she smiled and he nodded. "Of course!" he said, feigning seriousness and she laughed before leaning up and kissing him softly. The kiss was slow and sweet, and once it was over she rested her forehead against his, keeping her eyes closed and smiling. "I really do think I love you…" she whispered and it was his turn to grin. "I know for certain that I love you…" he replied. Their perfect moment was ruined but the voice of her brother being broadcast across the ship. "If anyone has seen Lieutenant Kirk, then please ensure she gets to the bridge. Now. We would very much like to depart." Ella laughed and pulled back, "He sounds pissed." "You should go," Bones said nodding, and she nodded her agreement. "I should go…" she said before darting off, "Bye!" she called over her shoulder. He grinned as he watched her leave. He waved a goodbye before starting off in the direction of the med bay. As he walked he smiled to himself, Ella made him the happiest he'd been in years. And now came five years in space with her. And with her older brother, they still hadn't told Jim that they were officially a couple yet and although he was sure that Jim would probably have already worked it out he knew that he would take the big brother role all too seriously. He wasn't paying attention to where he was walking and he walked right into her. "Oh I'm sorry!" he apologised quickly but she waved his apology away with a smile. She was pretty, really pretty; she had dark red hair that curled to her shoulders and brilliant green eyes with a bright face. She took his breath away and he found himself blinking a few times. "Sorry, Dr. McCoy?" she asked and he nodded. "My name is Dr. Brown. I work in the botany lab?" "Ah yes, Dr. Brown. I remember you. You helped concoct the cure for Jim?" "Yes, that was me. I'm something of a genius. Although I don't boast about it of course…" she laughed and it proved infectious and he found himself laughing too. "Anyway, I actually have to go!" "Oh me too!" Bones replied quickly before nodding a goodbye. She walked off in the opposite direction; he stared after her for a moment before blinking a couple of times and continuing his journey to the medical bay. He shook his head as he entered the medical bay, sure enough there was the normal hustle and bustle of a new departure and he joined in, taking charge immediately. They began moving and he grinned, knowing that on the bridge Ella and Jim were probably already bickering. Sure enough, when Ella arrived on the bridge she apologised instantly which was knocked down by Jim as she took her seat. "Where were you?" he snapped and she didn't look at him and instead concentrated on her controls. "If you must know, I had a slight hold up." She muttered, Chekov and Sulu glanced at her but kept themselves to themselves. "A hold up where? What were you doing?" "I was helping Bones." Chekov and Sulu blushed, they both knew her secret. "Helping Bones how?" "Just helping Bones. It's really none of your business?" she said, she'd laid in their course and so she turned her chair to look at him. He leaned forward in his own chair, sizing her up. "As Captain it's completely my business." "Just because you're in a bad mood it doesn't give you any right to take it out on Me." she snapped and he pressed his lips together. "Captain, Lieutenant, might it be better to resume your arguments at a more reasonable time?" Spock said from his desk near the back and Ella turned back around. "Couldn't agree more." She said through gritted teeth. "Fine." Jim growled and he sat back in his chair. "Take us to maximum warp, punch it." He said to Sulu who obeyed his orders with nothing more than an 'Aye Captain'. Keeping her head down Ella punched in her coordinates and they warped into space, and into many more adventures than they could imagine. A/N: Thank you so much for the support so far! Please leave feedback I really love it. Thank you.
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I have a feeling two of my friends will absolutely adore the Tribble in here! There are M-Rated elements in this chapter so you can skip them but if you read it I hope there's a bit of comedy after! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 11 – Mind at Rest Jim Kirk sat in his chair; he had a lot on his mind. He was worried about losing his friendship with Bones, he was worried about his argument with Spock, his sister was being overly moody with him and he was worried about how his crew viewed him. Recently Bones had been distant, he'd avoided long conversations with him and he would only talk about things that pertained to the ship. He avoided eye contact and would go to great lengths to avoid him altogether. This worry linked in to his worry about his crew, he was worried that they thought him weak; he was worried that after what happened in the radiation chamber and how he'd died they didn't respect him as much. He was worried that they thought that he was untrustworthy and although they would say that they respected and admired what he did. In his heart he knew it had been a stupid thing to do and he was paranoid that they were all thinking it too. His argument with Spock had been about where they were going. To get out into the farther reaches of space they had to pass the Cryon home planet, Spock was trying to advise Jim that they should go the long way around but Jim knew that would mean that it would take far too long to do that. It was easier for them to take the risk and go past. Jim was sure that they would see that they were just passing and they would let them pass, they weren't a peaceful people, but they didn't want war either. They weren't advanced enough for war. And then Ella, she was so grumpy at him all the time. She wouldn't talk to him and when they did they would just argue. It was driving him insane how she was blaming him for every little thing. He took responsibility for things that he knew he had to take responsibility for, but not everything was his fault. It wasn't his fault that Ella's pet Tribble, Norma, had mysteriously disappeared. It wasn't his fault that her lucky hair band had snapped. It wasn't his fault that she still had nightmares. He did feel sorry for her, she hadn't had the easiest time but neither had he and he didn't go around being annoyed at everyone all the time, did he? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . He worked into the botany lab and smiled as he saw Dr. Brown. "Hello again Doctor Brown!" Bones grinned and she shook her head lightly. "Sarah, please!" she replied and walked over to stand directly in front of him. "How can I help you Dr. McCoy?" "Leonard, please," he smiled and she stifled a small giggle. "Very well, Leonard. How can I help you?" "I sent over a report and I was wondering if you'd looked it over and got the medicine I asked for?" She nodded quickly and led him through the lab to her desk, "Yes of course! I appreciate that you sent it directly to me, I haven't had a lot to do as of late and I always love a challenge!" she grinned and he returned her smile politely. "It seemed appropriate," he smiled and stood by the side of her desk, waiting for her to retrieve the concoction for him. She spoke as she fussed through the papers and clutter across her desk, "It was really quite interesting to see the results of what you needed. Might I ask what it's for?" "A sedative." He replied automatically. "Oh really?" she smiled. "Yes, I was hoping to use it on Spock the next time he won't shut up." He smiled and she laughed. "Yes, I believe there are times when we all want him to be quiet for five minutes!" she found the concoction she'd been searching for and her papers to go with it and handed them to him. "Perhaps one day, we could have coffee?" she said quietly, batting her eyelids a bit. She liked McCoy, a lot. And judging by the blush on his cheeks he liked her at least a bit too. "Of course just to discuss this sedative!" she grinned and he blushed even more. "Doctor McCoy!" a voice shouted from near the door of the lab and he turned. The voice announced that they'd received a call from the med lab saying Ellarosa was looking for him. He nodded his goodbye to Sarah and made his way back through the lab towards the door. He was a bit confused as to what just happened, Sarah was pretty but he loved Ella didn't he? . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . Why did she always have to fight with her brother? She loved him enough and she worried about him pretty much constantly. But he was so goddamn good at picking fights. It always put her in a bad mood, arguing with him. And the only person, who could ever get her out of her bad mood, was Bones. Once her work on the bridge was done she stormed off, completely ignoring her brother's glares, and she strode through the corridors in the direction of the medical bay. All sorts of things flew through her mind, mainly plots of how she could piss off her brother most. She knew that telling him about her and Bones was high up on that list but she didn't want him to be annoyed at Bones too. That wasn't fair. Instead her top three were; posting baby pictures of him all over the ship, telling Spock that he had a crush on him, and putting hair remover in his conditioner. She knew it was childish and that she wouldn't act on any of these things. But just the thought of it gave her a little comfort. She arrived at the med bay and strolled in, looking around for Bones. It didn't surprise her that it was quiet, they were hardly into their five year voyage, and it was unlikely there were any injuries yet. She saw a nurse she knew and smiled, asking whereabouts Bones was, she nurse told her that he had gone to the botany lab and she sighed. She didn't like going to the botany lab, none of them there particularly liked her because she'd once made a slight remark about their jobs. She hadn't meant to be rude and had apologised many times, but, despite their protestations, she had a feeling they hadn't quite forgiven her. She arrived at the corridor of the botany lab and walked up to the door as Bones walked out. "Hey," she smiled, her mood instantly lifting as she saw him. "Hi," he smiled back. "What you got there?" she asked, gesturing to the papers and flask in his hands. "Oh…" he said looking down at them, "Experiment for a new sedative. It's not strictly speaking Enterprise business. So I need to go and put this in my cabin." He said, holding up the flask and she nodded. "I'll accompany you. Anything to keep me going back to the bridge, hey, do you think I can borrow some of that sedative to test on my brother?" she asked as they began to walk and he let out a light chuckle. "I don't think that would be a good idea, I don't even know if it's safe yet." "I really don't mind finding that out for you." "Ella." "Okay, maybe find out if it's safe first and then I'll use it on my brother." He laughed again, his cabin was nearby to the medical lab in case of emergencies and so it didn't take them too long to get there. Bones let them in and walked over to some shelves on the other side of his bed; she sat down on his bed and looked around. They'd only just got on board but he'd already unpacked and everything was already neatly arranged, each and every one of his possessions in their proper place. She groaned inwardly as she thought about the unpacked case in her own cabin and how she would want to collapse into bed later but would have to drag herself around her cabin putting things away before she could do that. After he'd put the research away safely, Bones sat down beside Ella with a smile. "I actually have something for you." He said standing again and crossing over to the other side of the room. She watched him curiously, a slight smile playing on her lips. "A present? For me? What's the occasion?" she grinned and he turned back, he was holding a small cage from which a slight purring was emitting. Her eyes widened and her jaw dropped. "I figured that since Norma went missing you'd want a new one… About that…" he went on but she cut him off with a high-pitched squeal. "A Tribble?! A new Tribble!" she laughed, holding out her arms for the cage, he handed it to her, feeling immensely guilty. The truth was, Norma hadn't gone missing, and he'd been forced to use her in an experiment to find out the properties of Kahn's blood. He'd found her dead and thought she might as well be put to good use. Little did Ella know that her pet Tribble had saved her brothers life? "His name's Pasha." Bones smiled. And she raised an eyebrow at him. "Pavel? As in Chekov?" she said a tinge of amusement in her voice. "Uh… I didn't name him." He said slowly and she laughed. "He's wonderful thank you!" she grinned and leaned up to kiss him her thanks. She pecked his lips lightly before she realised she was hungry for more. She paused for a second before dropping the caged Tribble on the floor where it gave an angry purr in protest before contenting itself with a series of annoyed little purrs as if it were complaining continually. Ella however kneeled up on the bed, as did Bones and their lips hardly left each others. She wound her arms around his neck, her fingers gripping into her hair as to give her a better hold on to him and to pull herself closer. This was hardly necessary as he slid his arms around her waist and pulled her closer still. His hand pulled on her dress, bunching it up around her legs and up to her hips, as he did so she moved her hands from his hair to the bottom of his shirt, pulling it up and over his head. Their lips only left each others as they pulled each other's clothes away from their bodies. Taking this opportunity of them being apart she pulled off her boots and discarded them as he did his own shoes before pulling off his trousers. She pulled a clip from her hair, letting it fall wildly across her shoulders and down her back. Now they were both in just their underwear they took a moment to admire each other's bodies. They had seen each other naked before, they'd had sex before, but damn did Ella like to look at him. For a slightly older man on the ship, he looked very good. He liked to keep himself fit, he was toned and had just the right amount of muscle, he had a little hair but not too much that made it gross. He was damn fine. They grinned at each other and gently, he took her waist and laid her down on the bed. He leaned over her and kissed her gently; she kissed him back and smiled against his lips. "Leonard McCoy, I think I love you…" she whispered and he gently trailed his hand across her chest, and across her breasts. He then trailed it down the centre of her stomach, sending shivers down her spine. "Ellarosa Kirk," he murmured, hooking his thumb into her underwear, "I know I love you…" He pulled down her underwear and she kicked her legs a little, helping him. He then kicked off his own underwear and positioned himself above her. Their lips met roughly again and the passionate kiss ignited a spark deep within the both of them. Ella could feel his prominent erection against her inner thigh and she wound her arms around his neck once more, pulling his body to hers. After a moment, he adjusted his hips and entered her. A small gasp of surprise escaped her lips as he did so but it was quickly dampened by his mouth crashing on hers again. His lips began to move against hers, softly at first before hers began to match his and together, they picked up rhythm. As their hips pulsed against each other and they both grew closer to their release their lips moved ferociously against each others. Their tongues battling in a raging dance and their hands and arms exploring their partner's bodies. Occasionally a soft moan or groan would emit from one of them, and slowly, but surely, these noises grew louder. They were both aware that the cabins were sound-proofed due to privacy and they were thankful that this served in their favour. Their bodies writhed against each other and the noises grew louder, her nails clawed at his back and her own back arched as he kissed her neck hungrily. They cried each other's names as they reached their climaxes together. He gently eased out of her and collapsed beside her, they lay together, panting in unison and gazing up at the ceiling. She smiled and rolled so she was looking at him. "You're good…" she grinned and he chuckled lightly. "You say that every time." "That means you're good every time." "I appreciate that, thank you." She smirked and kissed his cheek. "You know we're still on duty right?" He paused for a moment before nodding, "Well, crap." He said before they both sat up, laughing with each other. Pasha gave a purr from the floor, simply alerting them that he was still there. They pulled on their underwear and looked at each other. With a slight smile, Ella leaned over and kissed him softly. Just a kiss to let him know she loved him. At that very moment there was a knock at the door and a muffled voice carried through. Both their heads swivelled to stare at the door, their eyes wide with panic as they recognized the voice. "Hey Bones, I need to talk to you… I know you're in there… Despite the fact that you're meant to be in med bay, but I'm willing to let that slide!" Shit. Jim. Ella snatched up her clothes and dove behind the bed as Bones pulled on his trousers, only buckling them up as Jim entered the cabin. The door closed and Jim looked at his half naked friend with a raised eyebrow. "Just… uh, came to change my shirt." Bones said quickly and Ella nodded with a smile, appreciating his quick thinking. "Right." Jim said slowly, "I just wanted to talk to you about Ella…" Ella stopped trying to silently find a way to pull her dress over her head without revealing herself, and allowed herself to simply listen, she found a way she could peek around the edge of the bed where Jim couldn't see her and she lay there, observing. "Ella?" Bones asked and Jim nodded. "I dunno… We always used to be pretty close as kids. But now she's changed." "Jim," Bones said, almost sternly, "She hasn't changed, she grew up. She's not a kid anymore. She's a woman." "I know you have a crush on her Bones but you don't know what she was like, what, five years ago." "What was she like?" Bones asked, with a hint of a blush in his cheeks but he did well to ignore it. "She was different; she was a lot more reckless. Have you ever seen her drunk?" The blush intensified as Bones was reminded of their first meeting. He didn't respond and Jim took this as a no. "We'll have to get her drunk sometime it's hilarious." Jim said quickly but got back to his point quickly. "But the thing is, she's moody lately, I just wanna be close with her again but I don't know how and why are there women's boots in your cabin?" Crap. "I… Uh… They're…" Bones tried but Ella took this as her cue to stand, still in her underwear and clutching her clothes to her chest. "They're mine. Thank you Jim." She said lightly before crouching down to pick them up and walking from the cabin with her head held high, still in her underwear. Jim and Bones looked everywhere but at her, or each other. A/N: I hope you enjoyed that chapter because parts of it were very much fun to write! Please keep reading and leaving feedback because I love getting reviews! Also, now exams are over I plan on updating everything a lot more often, especially this one!
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 12 – Cracks in the Hull Weeks passed and the entire crew seemed to come to terms with just how long a five year mission was going to be. They were already beginning to become restless and Jim was searching for somewhere where they could take shore leave. Even just for a day or two, just for a change of scenery. But they were nearing the Cryon home planet and Spock was more anxious to get past that then worry about find a place for them to rest. Ella was needed more and more on the bridge to make sure that they got past the Cryon home planet safely and her work was beginning to stress her out. The lives of the entire crew rested on her shoulders and it was a big burden. She was frightened of messing up and that could endanger everyone's lives. Now that Jim knew about her relationship with Bones, she didn't have a reason to hide it. She spent a lot more time with Bones and often stayed in his cabin overnight. He was good at relieving her stress and making her happy and refreshed for the following day when the stress would be piled on again. But she loved him, and they were a steady couple now. Jim was even starting to warm up to them again, seeing her happy and seeing them as a happy couple gave him comfort. Spock was as oblivious as ever but Uhura had also noticed them and was happy for them. Whilst working on his new sedative Bones had also found that he was spending the majority of his days with Sarah. They'd grown to know each other very well and enjoyed each other's company. Bones always thought that Sarah liked him a little more than she should but she was also so tied up in her work that he didn't think she knew about him and Ella. He kept meaning to bring Ella up casually in a conversation, just to give her a small hint, but there was never the need. They tended to talk about the sedative or medicine or science in general. Ella was grand to talk to but she didn't really meet his needs intellectually. She could be a bit dim-witted despite her obvious intelligence. But Sarah was able to give him stimulating conversation, and they never ran out of things to talk about. This was one of the many reasons he enjoyed spending time with her so much. They would sit together in the corner of the botany lab, talking away, quite happily. Ella did not know about these meetings but Bones didn't see the need to tell her, she wouldn't have a problem with him having a friend. And to him, that's all Sarah was, a friend. It was today that Bones walked into the botany lab and walked right through to her, she was leaning over her desk, working. He sat down in the chair opposite her and she looked up and smiled. "Hello Leonard! How are you today?" "Very well thank you," he smiled in return, "And yourself?" "Good!" she grinned, looking down at the large leaf that she was studying, "You been busy down in med?" "Not particularly, how about up here?" "Nah, just every time I touch this leaf…" she demonstrated and it curled up and began to shake, like it was extremely ticklish. "It's like a child! And it has a small spore of fungus that I'm trying to get rid of before it infects the whole plant but I can't get to it." Bones nodded and stood, walking behind her desk and leaning down to help. "Okay, what do I do?" "Just hold it there and there." She explained pointing to the opposite ends of the leaf. He leaned over her putting one arm around her and leaning down so his cheek was touching hers. He then held down the leaf. It squirmed beneath his grip and shook with silent and impossible laughter, as it did this; Sarah picked up her tweezers and carefully plucked off the small spore before disposing of it. Once she was done, Bones removed his hands and the leaf fell silent again. Sarah turned her head towards him with a grin. And there they were their faces inches away from each other's and both smiling warmly. He'd never noticed before how pretty her eyes were, how beautiful her face was. She leaned up her face a little, she went to kiss him. A moment before he could pull away they heard a voice. The voice was snide and laced with anger. "I'm sorry. I do hope I'm not interrupting." They looked up to see Ella stood there glaring at them with her arms folded. A/N: I know this is another short chapter and for that I apologise! But I needed a way to continue the story and for that I needed this as a filler chapter! The next chapter will hopefully be longer and definitely full of angst! This is the way it should be of course. Please leave reviews because they mean a lot to me! I really love them! Thank you! Hope you're enjoying it!
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 13 – The End of an Era "Ella! Ella wait please!" Bones ran after his girlfriend through the corridors of the Enterprise. She wasn't taking any of it. "Leonard!" Sarah was running after him. This had gotten far too out of control; Bones knew that he had to stop it now. And that started with Sarah. He turned around to face her and she stopped. She didn't look pissed, she looked confused and a little hurt that he hadn't wanted to kiss her back. She looked at him, her head cocked slightly and her face stony. "Leonard, what is going on?" she asked, her voice carefully controlled. "Sarah, I'm sorry. I led you on, I shouldn't have done that it was wrong. Damn it this is got out of control." He sighed, running a hand through his hair, "I've been together with Ella the whole time I've been seeing you. I didn't mean for it to go like this." He didn't look at her, he couldn't bring himself to. He hated himself at the moment, more than he'd ever hated himself before, and that had been strong. "You…" Sarah sighed, but she understood. She'd never had a claim to him. And it hurt, but she'd get over it. And it hurt her to see him so upset like this. "You need to go and make up with Ella." He looked at her suddenly. This had not been the response he'd been expecting. But it was the response he got and so he nodded his thanks. "We're still friends right?" "Friends." She smiled warmly although there was pain in her eyes, "But nothing more." "Thank you!" he smiled gratefully, before darting back after Ella. She had stormed off and was on the bridge. He asked for permission to come aboard the bridge and it was granted. Ella hadn't told Jim what had happened then. She was sat in her chair, staring at her controls. She looked angry and refused to look at him. He walked over and leant down to talk to her. "Don't." was all she said and this one word nearly broke his heart. He couldn't go through this again. Yes, Sarah had been pretty, but he did love Ella. He needed to be with her. He couldn't go through the pain of losing her, not after everything they'd been through. "Ella, please. It wasn't what it looked like!" She turned to face him suddenly, anger flaring in her eyes, "Really? Because it looked like the pair of you were getting pretty close. "Bones, Ella, is there a problem?" Jim had noticed their dispute and Bones knew that it was unprofessional to do this on their work time but he Ella was more important to him than his work. "Not at all Captain." Ella said stonily, turning back towards her controls. Bones opened his mouth to continue talking to Ella but he never got to say anything as Spock spoke. "Captain," Spock said loudly, "We have an incoming transmission." Bones looked up; he recognised the planet to the right of their screens. Cryon. The large screen was replaced by the face of a Cryon leader. "You have invaded our air space." The leader spoke calmly. "We wish you no harm." Jim replied with just as much calm. Bones didn't know much about the Cryons but judging by the look on Ella's face there was reason for concern in this instance. "We are not a peaceful people. You should know that, being with star fleet." "I do. But I also know that your civilisation is not advanced enough for war. And therefore you should let us pass. We do not wish to harm you or your people." "And yet by being in our air space, you have deeply offended us." "We ask you let us pass peacefully." "Agreed." There was a sigh of relief across the bridge, "With one exception." Jim looked slightly more nervous, "And that exception is?" "You give us one of your lives in payment." This was not a request. Everyone turned to their captain. "I can't do that." Jim said stonily. Bones put a hand on Ella's shoulder, obviously scared for her; she was the kind of idiot who would sacrifice herself just to help her brother. She didn't shrug it off she was so caught up in what was happening. "You will. Or your entire ship will be obliterated. You have one hour to decide who you are giving to us." "We'll fight. I won't give up one person on this ship." "Yes you will." Ella spoke up. Her voice was cold; it was now that she shrugged off Bones' hand and stood. Turning to the screen she spoke to the leader, her eyes were cold, fuelled by anger and fear for her brother. "I volunteer." Just as Bones had predicted. The Cryon leader smiled and then vanished from the screen before Jim could say another word. There was a moments silence before Jim stood up angrily and yelled. "What the hell do you think you're doing?!" "I'm volunteering. It means you don't have to pick someone and I'm smart. The Cryons are a less advanced race; their technology should make it easy for me to get away and hide somewhere until you can come back and get me." Ella said her voice even. "Ella. I am not sending you down there." "Yes you are. Otherwise everyone on this ship will die." "Like you said they're less advanced, we can fight them off!" "Not an entire planet Jim! Trust me." She stared at him and he stared right back. "Lieutenant Kirk's logic is sound captain," Spock said from the back of the bridge, "She is above average intelligence and quite capable of escaping the Cryons due to her knowledge of combat skills." "Yes Spock I know all that!" Jim shouted, turning around to glare at Spock, "But she is my little sister. I am not sending her down there on her own to fend for herself!" "Jim if I can evade a planet full of Klingons for a few days I can do it with a planet of Cryons!" "You had help!" There was a silence. The subject of Kahn had not been brought up in the time they'd been on this ship and when Ella replied her voice was soft with hurt, Bones knew it was still painful for her to think of him, she had loved Kahn, it was a twisted and forced love, but it was genuine love that had only needed to be spared. "Jim. I can do this. I will do this. You can't stop me. I'm going." "Ella please…" Jim tried pleading with her but she shook her head, simply walking off the bridge. For the first time in his life, Bones looked at Jim in a different light. Not as the strong captain of this ship, but as the big brother who was terrified of losing his little sister. Jim walked over to him quickly and whispered urgently. "Bones, you gotta make her see sense." "Jim, it's not that simple." Bones shook his head, "You know what she's like." "That doesn't mean we don't try." "If you can't convince her then no one can." "You can Bones." "She won't even talk to me at the moment." "What happened with you two?" Jim asked suddenly very curious. "Just… complications." He really didn't want to mention everything that had happened to Jim whilst he was thinking like this; he didn't fancy being punched in the face. "Listen," he said quickly, eager to move the conversation on, "I'll sort it. I promise you that Ella will not go down there." "Thank you Bones." Jim said before he walked over to his chair and collapsed back into it. Bones left the bridge and made his way to Ella's cabin, which was where she'd be. He walked briskly and didn't speak to anyone. Once he arrived he knocked on her door firmly, when there was no reply he entered the key code and the door slid open. She was sat on her bed with her back to the door, her head bowed over and her shoulders shaking lightly. She was crying. "Ella…" Bones said softly and walked over to her, he put a hand comfortingly on her shoulder but she shrugged it off and wheeled around to face him. "How dare you!" she shouted, tears still streaming down her cheeks, "How dare you come crawling back like this!" "It wasn't like that!" Bones was shouting too, but his anger was more mixed with desperation for her to see sense. "You had your arms around her! You were about to kiss her! Please explain how that can be anything less than it looks like?!" "I was helping her! She's a friend! Or am I not allowed to have friends now?" "Don't be so stupid! But you looked a lot more like friends. Your lips were practically on hers!" "Ella I love you!" there was a pause and Ella turned her head, closing her eyes and clamping her mouth shut to stop herself from sobbing aloud. "Please, just see sense. Don't go to Cryon." "I have to Bones," She whispered, refusing to look at him. "I have to go to help Jim, and to save you and everyone else. Please, just leave me alone." She sank down onto her bed and began to cry quietly, trying to hold in her ugly sobs until he turned and left. He couldn't see how he could do anything else. He had to protect her but there was only one way how. Their hour was almost up; Ella would be on her way to the teleportation room momentarily, but if Bones got there first. His stride was quick and determined as he made his way to his inevitable doom. He walked into the room and spoke quickly and quietly to Scotty who was stood there, ready to transport Ella. "The Captain has agreed that I take Lieutenant Kirk's place in going to the Cryon home planet. Of course she's not happy with this so you're to transport me down and make sure that she does not cause trouble." He said and Scotty nodded slowly. He was evidently upset that he had to send anyone down to this horrible place. Bones took his place on the pad and stood there, he watched as Ella entered the room. "Bones…" she breathed, "No what the hell are you doing?!" she was shouting now and running forward. "Energise!" Bones shouted, and watched as Scotty grabbed Ella around the waist and held her back. Tears poured down her face and she struggled against him. But Bones was going. Scotty held Ella back and she stopped struggling, her eyes fixed on the point where Bones had just disappeared. A/N: Bit of an angsty chapter but it's good to get things moving! Please keep giving me feedback because I really appreciate it! Thank you very much for your continued support!
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 14 – Too Far Away Weeks passed and they were forced to move on from Cryon air space without Bones. He was lost down on the planet; it was unlikely they were ever going to get him back. Jim knew that. He was upset; of course he was, because Bones had been one of his closest friends. He knew that his sister and Bones had argued but he also knew that she still really loved him, and the fact that he was gone meant that she had constant red eyes from crying and she didn't have as many witty remarks. Chekov and Sulu had always been her best friends as they were the ones she'd always worked closest with. But even they couldn't cheer her up, and this was what worried Jim the most. He sat in his captain's chair and stared down at his little sister as she plotted in their course that would take them away from Cryon, away from Bones. She finished putting in the coordinates and sat back in her chair. Jim paused before speaking to Sulu. "Sulu, take us out, warp factor one." He spoke with sadness in his voice and his crew were silent, the only sound came from Ella as she took a deep breath and sat back in her chair. She stared at the screen as they warped away from her love. She bit her lip to stop herself crying right here on deck and Sulu and Chekov both looked at her with worried expressions. Seven hours later her shift was over and she was making her way back to her cabin when she heard someone calling after her. "Lieutenant Kirk! Please, wait a moment…" Ella turned and saw Sarah running towards her. She really didn't have the energy to argue, she wanted to go back to her cabin and cry until she fell asleep. "What do you want?" Ella asked harshly. "Lieutenant Kirk, please, I was wrong. You've got to understand that there was never anything going on between Dr. McCoy and I. Honestly, I promise. There was absolutely nothing!" Ella looked at her, and she believed her. Bones was gone, what was the point in arguing with someone who was evidently trying to make amends. "Listen, Dr. Brown, I do not have the energy to argue. I do believe you. I believed Bones when he told me, I was just angry. But now he's gone. And he's not coming back in the foreseeable future, so please, let's just forget about it." Ella said with a nod and walked away before she could say anything more. She walked back to her cabin and collapsed into bed, still fully clothed. Pasha purred from his cage in the corner and her heart lurched. Suddenly hot tears were spilling down her cheeks and onto her pillow, she couldn't stop them. The sobs racked her body and there was nothing she wanted more than for him to just walk through her door right now to put his arms around her. But that wasn't going to happen because he'd sacrificed himself for the sake of the ship. He'd taken her place, and there was a part of her hated him for it. There was no way he could come back to her and she was so angry at him for doing this, but the anger only fuelled to her sadness and loneliness. She wanted him back, but she wanted a lot of things, it never meant they would happen. She could feel the ship lurching farther and farther away from Cryon and part of her was tempted to run back to the bridge and to yell at Jim to turn the ship around and she personally would lend a search party down to the surface to find Bones and bring him back. But she couldn't, she knew that he was gone forever, and there was nothing she could possibly do to help him. He was simply too far away. A/N: Apologies for yet another short chapter but I am currently up at quarter past 2 in the morning, wanting to get a chapter uploaded but struggling to keep my eyes open. I will aim to make the next chapter a little more progressive! Thank you again for your continued support, it really means so much to me!
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 15 – Loneliness Jim walked through the ship on the way to the medical bay. A member of his crew on the bridge had contracted an illness and he needed to know when she would be back to work. He walked into the bay and saw Spock talking to her already so he allowed himself a quick trip around the bay to see some of the other sick or injured people and check up on them. It was even more melancholy than usual with the absence of their head medical officer. Jim had someone stood in for whilst Bones was away but he refused to fill the job permanently, he had a gut feeling that Bones would be back, he didn't know how or when but he knew he would. Bones was always a hell of a lot smarter than he let on, Jim had known him the longest and Ella had passed on all the information she'd known about him to her brother so Jim liked to think he knew him the best. Next to Spock he'd been the best friend Jim had ever had. He missed him; he dreaded to think how his sister felt because if he missed Bones this much, it would be one hundred times worse for her. He made his way back to Spock and the sick bridge worker and smiled at her reassuringly. "Hi, how are you?" he asked and she attempted a smile back at him. She certainly looked better than she had when she'd been admitted. "I'm okay, feeling better thank you captain. I know why you're here; you wanna know when I'm coming back to work?" He paused, feeling a little awkward, "Yeah, yeah that is why I came, but I am genuinely worried about you. I take the time to care about everyone on this ship, everyone's my responsibility." "Well thank you, but you don't even know my name do you?" she smiled raising an eyebrow and Jim laughed again, blushing slightly. "No, you'd be correct again." She grinned and held out a hand, "Holly, Holly Maguire." "Jim Kirk, pleasure to meet you." He smiled and she brightened up a little more. "Pleasure to meet you too Captain." She smiled and they shook hands briefly before Spock spoke for the first time. "Captain, perhaps we should allow Lieutenant Maguire to rest? In order for her to return to work she needs rest." "Of course Spock," Jim said with a nod. He and Holly said their goodbyes before he left with Spock. "Captain, I understand that Doctor McCoy was a close friend of yours. If you ever wish to talk…?" "No, Spock. Just no." he said firmly before walking away. He didn't want to talk to anyone about Bones, except perhaps… Before he could stop himself he was outside his sister's cabin, he knocked gently, knowing that she was on her day off and she would be in there. She called him to enter and he did so, she was sat cross-legged on her bed, wearing a pair of sweat pants and a hoodie, her hair was up in a messy bun and her eyes were red again. She cradled Pasha in her arms and he purred softly, Jim knew this was comforting to her. He walked over and perched on the edge of her bed. "Hey," he said softly and she attempted a weak smile. "Hey," "How are you?" "I'm okay, how about you?" "I'm alright. Ella, I know that you loved him…" she held up a hand to stop him. "That's where you're wrong." She said quietly, "I didn't love him. I still love him. I have to keep hoping, keep believing that he'll find a way to come back. I always kinda thought that I'd never see him again after the first time we met in a bar; I kinda hoped we would but I didn't think it would actually happen. And then when we did meet again, I thought we'd have all the time in the world, that we wouldn't have to rush into anything. I wish now we had, I wish we'd spent more time together, because now we can't…" her voice cracked but she didn't break down into tears and Jim admired her for this. "Ella…" he wanted to comfort her but he didn't know what to say. "Why were you going to go down there?" "Because I was cleverer than he is. I could have got out and be back on the ship in a day, two tops. But no, he decided he was better for it and now he's gone forever." "But how do you think he would have felt? Does that not upset you? You seem to have this amazing ability to risk your life to help everyone on the ship but you never stop to consider how it might affect anyone else. How it could affect Bones, how it could affect me. I'm your brother do you think I wanna see you risking your life all the time?" "It's really hypocritical for you to say that you know?" "Don't go at me about being hypocritical. I'm tired of you risking your life for us; just stop it okay because I couldn't bear it if I lost you." There was a pause and they just looked at each other, Ella was the first to break eye contact as she looked away, trying very hard not to cry. "I'm sorry," she said quietly, "I just thought I could do better. But even you have to admit that it was more logical for me to go down there than Bones." "You sound like Spock…" They looked at each other before both laughing, Ella still had a tear rolling down her cheek but she wiped it away quickly, still laughing. "Ella…" Jim said, taking his sisters hand, she looked at him with a watery smile, "We will find a way to get him home. I promise." He said squeezing her hand and she nodded. "I know... But when he does, I'm gonna kill him." Jim couldn't stop himself from laughing, before leaning forward and she leaned into his arms. He held her and rocked her slightly. "We'll be okay Ella. I promise." He said into her hair and he could feel her shaking slightly as she sobbed but she replied with a shaky voice. "I love him Jim." "I know, and he loves you too. And he'll come back Ella; he'll be back before you know it."
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 16 – Return and Rivalry A few more weeks passed as they travelled and although she would never really be herself again, Ella was getting a little better. This pleased Jim, not to mention her beginning to continue making her witty jokes and sassy remarks once more, she was beginning to smile again and their relationship was better than ever. He was glad that she was acting like the sister he knew and loved once again and she wasn't wallowing in her cabin again. He didn't doubt that she still cried herself to sleep every night and he didn't blame her, she evidently still missed Bones but there was nothing they could do about returning him to the ship. Jim missed him greatly too and wished there was something they could do, not just for him, but for his little sister. Today for instance, Ella was cracking jokes to Sulu and Chekov who were happily laughing away and Ella laughed with them. Despite the fact that her smile didn't quite reach her eyes, Jim was happy that she was at least laughing again. But unfortunately, as the ship's captain he was forced to draw her away from this happiness and set her to some work. "Ella," he said quickly and she looked up at him expectantly, "I need you to go down to weapons to examine the new warheads that we acquired after the last ones turned out to be…" he stopped himself, he knew that was still a sensitive time for her but she didn't let anything show on her face now, "Faulty." He finished his sentence. "Isn't Dr. Marcus examining them?" "Yes, but I want an examination from someone on the bridge." "Of course." She said with a light smile and then stood and left the bridge. They could only watch her go and Jim was silently relieved, perhaps things were finally getting back to normal a little. . . . Ellarosa walked through the corridors of the Enterprise on her way to the weapons bay. She didn't particularly like coming down here, Marcus still wasn't her favourite person and she knew that she wasn't Marcus' either. Not after that time on the deserted planet when Ella had been rude and pushed her aside in order to save Bones' life. She arrived in the bay and walked over the Marcus who was examining one of the warheads. She rolled her eyes as she neared her; this was probably the last place she wanted to be right now. "Doctor Marcus," she said stonily and she looked up and mirrored her disappointed expression, "I was sent down by Captain Kirk to examine the war heads." "I wasn't aware you were qualified." Marcus said with an air of sickly, annoying, mock sweetness. "Neither was I, but the captain asked me to come down. Must be since I so skilfully managed to de-activate the war head when we were down on that planet mustn't it?" she smiled back just as sweetly and Marcus nodded. "Yes, well done on that by the way, you saved our lives. Despite the fact that I already had it under control." "Yes, you did didn't you? Shame you were taking so long." Ella replied, bored of their conversation now and turning her back on Marcus and stooping down to examine the war head. She had no idea what she was doing, but as long as she looked professional and didn't blow anything up she was sure she could get away with it. "You know you're looking at completely the wrong thing." Marcus said her voice cold now and all mock sweetness gone. Ella felt hatred stir in the pit of her stomach. "You know," she said turning back around to face the woman who was a good couple of inches shorter than her but was still making a pathetic attempt to look intimidating, "I'm really not in the mood to talk to you right now. So can you just piss off?" she said icily before turning back around. "That's no way to talk to your superior Lieutenant Kirk." "You're not my superior, okay you're a weapons expert, I'm a medical officer and our route planner. I wouldn't advise pissing me off any more than you already do." "In this department I am your superior and I request that you treat me as such." "If I've offended you than take it up with the captain, but until then, get the hell out of my face. I told you, I'm not in the mood." "Lieutenant Kirk, Doctor McCoy may have been lost to the Cryons and I know that you two had feelings for each other but that gives you no right to act like you know what you're talking about." That hit her like a slap in the face, "He's gone, get over it. He's not coming back so you have nothing to protect you. Your brother is your captain before your brother, he can't protect you. Doctor McCoy is gone, he is gone. Do you understand that? It generally means that he isn't coming back!" Ella froze and resisted the very insistent urge to slap Marcus in the face very hard. Or possibly beat her up, it was a very tempting offer but she didn't want to get thrown off the ship. Instead she found tears pricking at her eyes and she wasn't afraid to let them show. Because these tears didn't show weakness on her part, they showed strength and power over this other woman. She wheeled around suddenly and pointed a finger in Marcus' face; she allowed the tears to glaze over her eyes but didn't quite allow them to spill over the brim. "Don't you dare ever speak to me about Bones ever again." She said in a warning tone and was glad to see Marcus look temporarily frightened before she masked it and put her hands on her hips, smiling cockily. "Or what?" "Or I will personally see that you're thrown off this ship, in fact, I'll do it myself." She hissed before turning back to the war head and taking a deep breath. She heard Marcus laugh behind her before muttering a single sentence, "I really do wonder what he ever saw in you." This was the last straw for Ella; she whirled around and struck her hard across the face. Marcus reeled away from her in shock and it took all of Ella's self control not to hit her again and again until she was rendered unconscious. She couldn't bear to be around this place any longer and so whilst Marcus hurled abuse at her back she stormed out of the weapons bay and back through the corridors in the direction of the bridge. She would ask Jim to send someone else down there, Spock would probably be better, or even get Scotty or Chekov to go. She refused to go down to do it again. She turned the corner onto the corridor from which the transporter room led off. Just as someone appeared from the transporter room, she stopped dead in her tracks and simply stared at him. His clothes were hanging limply off of him and they were torn and ragged. He was filthy and mucky and his hair was a mess. He looked a little injured but smiled lightly when he saw her. He was nearly unrecognisable but she knew him, of course she did, it was Bones.
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 17 – A Slap in the Face For a couple of very long minutes they just stood and stared at each other. Bones was breathing heavily and a smile on his face grew wider and wider with every passing second. He was back, here, on board the Enterprise. How the hell he'd managed it Ella had no clue but she didn't care, he was back. She stood and stared at him with shock on her face, she couldn't avert her eyes from his. She couldn't believe he was back. She surely must have been hallucinating, she was sure of it. He couldn't be there, he just couldn't. Marcus stormed up behind her, yelling words of hurt at her, her cheek red from the slap that Ella had administered but Ella paid her no attention. She couldn't even hear what she was saying. When Ella paid her no attention Marcus followed her gaze and caught sight of Bones, at this she promptly clapped her hands to her mouth and ran towards him. She threw her arms around his neck in an embrace and he didn't even make any attempts to hold her back, his eyes never moved from Ella's. Ella wanted to punch Marcus more than ever as she detached herself from Bones and instead put an arm around his waist an attempted to usher him to the medical bay but he still didn't move. Slowly, painfully slowly, Ella took a step towards him. Once she'd started she didn't stop, she walked towards him at a steady pace and stopped when she reached him. Marcus looked between them, she was trying to pull Bones away but Bones as good as pushed her away. "Ella…" he breathed, "Ella I'm here, I came back, for you." He whispered and anger coursed through her veins. What he'd done was stupid, he should never have done it, never have left her in the first place and before she could stop herself she slapped him hard across the face. The tears that had been pricking her eyes from the encounter with Marcus now spilled over her eyelids. Marcus let out a small squeal in shock before attempting to come between Ella and Bones but Ella gave her such a dirty look that she stepped aside a moment later. Bones head was turned slightly from her slap but he turned back to face her and looked back at her straight in the eye. He knew he'd deserved that slap, he deserved a hundred slaps. But God, he'd missed Ella so much and he knew she'd missed him too. This was clarified after a moment of them staring at each other again. She then flung her arms around his neck and buried her face in his shoulder, sobbing gently. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tight, tighter than he ever had before. "I'm so sorry," he whispered into her hair. "Me too," she choked back and they held each other tighter still. "But you need to get to med bay, now. We can talk once you're being taken care of." She resumed the place holding his waist and supported him on the way to the medical bay. She turned back to Marcus after a few steps. "Go and get Jim." She instructed and for once Marcus didn't argue with her, she instead ran off in the direction of the bridge as Bones and Ella continued their painfully slow journey to the medical bay. Once they'd arrived she handed him over to the nurses and doctors who were probably more qualified than she was. She only had basic medical training yet still somehow qualified as a medical officer. Jim arrived just as Bones was drifting off to sleep with Ella sat by his bedside. He rushed through the door and saw his sister, red-eyed and tearstained again and expected the worst. His gaze was then caught by a sleeping Bones who lay in the bed before her and his heart skipped a beat. Bones was back. How he was back Jim had no idea, just as Ella hadn't had a clue, but he didn't care. His oldest friend had returned to them, Ella would go back to being herself and order on his ship would be restored. He rushed over to them, calling out to Ella who stood when she saw him. When he reached her he put his arms around her protectively and she hugged his waist tightly, burying her face in his chest. He looked down at Bones with a slight smile on his face. "When Carol told me I had to get med bay urgently for you I was so worried!" he said to her, gently detaching his arms from around her. "Sorry, I just knew you needed to be here." "How? How is he back?" Jim asked, completely bewildered and Ella shrugged. "I don't know…" she whispered, her voice hoarse from crying. She sat back down at his bedside and took his hand before looking up at her brother. "Is it alright if I have some time off, to be with him?" "Of course," Jim replied instantly, he knew how important Bones was to Ella and he didn't want to get in the way of their relationship. "You take as much time as you need." A/N: Okay so originally I was gonna have Ella slapping Bones and walking off and being all mad at him for risking his life but I decided they've been apart for too long and I miss writing about them as a couple so they have to be a couple again! This may slightly alter how the rest of the story was originally going to go which may not completely line up with things that have happened in previous chapters but please bear with and I hope you prefer this way anyway!
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 18 – Cryons Ella refused to leave Bones' side for three days by which time he was able to leave the medical bay and return to his cabin where he was told to remain for a further three days and then, if he felt up to it, he could return to work. This had to be authorised by the captain first and somehow Ella doubted that without a sufficient emergency, Jim wouldn't allow Bones to return to work for at least another couple of weeks. He wanted him to be absolutely fighting fit before leaving his cabin. Ella was to return to work two days into Bones' cabin rest but Jim knew that she wouldn't be able to concentrate particularly well and so he knew he would only be able to give her medial tasks that may or may not require her to go past his cabin every so often where she could at least pop in and check on him. Jim wanted them both to feel happy with each other, and with returning to their work. They were both very good at their jobs and he just wanted them to return to that. Today was the last day Ella had before returning to work and Bones was stronger than ever; in fact he was getting restless and wanted to return to work already. He was sat in his bed in his boxer shorts and a t-shirt and Ella was waiting on him hand and foot. Right now, he just wanted her to sit by him and be there for him to see. All the time he'd been trapped with the Cryons the only way he'd remained sane was to think of her, to remember that if he continued doing what he could then he could be with her again. He was thankful that she hadn't asked what he'd done and how he'd escaped, he wanted to tell her in time. But not quite yet, he wanted to tell her in his own time. Of course, if she did ask he would tell her. He wanted to be completely honest with her; he never wanted to lie to her again. He couldn't bear to ever lie or be apart from her again. She sat on the edge of his bed, holding his hand and smiling at him sadly. He knew it pained her to see him like this, stuck in bed when she had to go back to work. But for now she was wearing sweats and her hair, which was slightly greasy as she'd been so unwilling to leave his side, was up in a high ponytail. She hadn't changed in three days and was starting to smell a bit but he didn't care, just so long as he could hold her when she slept and she would always be there when he woke up. He wasn't looking forward to when she went back to working and wouldn't be able to be with him every moment. But for now they were happy, they were content to sit and chat, Ella held his hand protectively and he was glad that she was there. He felt safe with her there, but as he knew, the inevitable was happening. Ella's curiosity was always bound to get the better of her, and now it was coming into effect. "Bones…" she started quietly and his heart began to hammer against his chest, "Bones, what happened with the Cryons? How did you get away?" He paused, part of him wanted to tell her everything. To get it all off his chest and not have anything left to hide, this part of him was fuelled with his love and respect for Ella. But another part of him wanted to keep it all bottled up for just a little while longer, just until he was ready to tell her in his own time. This part of him was fuelled by his self-pride and fear of her judgement of him. It hadn't been an easy escape and he didn't want recount it to anyone but himself. He knew that getting it off his chest would help him so much more in the long run but he was scared. But, as usual, his love and respect for Ella triumphed over any other feelings he might have. He looked down at their entwined hands and opened his mouth to recount his story. . . . Bones appeared in the transporter room of the Cryon home planet, it was large and grand and he was immediately greeted with two Cryon leaders. They took his arms forcefully and began to lead him down a long hallway, he had a pretty good idea where this was leading but he didn't resist. He knew they would only hurt him or even kill him. And he couldn't allow himself to get hurt, he needed to get back to the Enterprise and back to his friends and Ella. He hated that possibly the last time he'd seen his Ella they'd argued, she was so angry at him. She had good reason, he'd been so stupid to act in the way he did, he wished more than anything that he could turn back time and reverse everything that had happened. And now he'd done this, he'd probably never see her again, and even if he did she would probably never talk to him again, she would be so mad that he'd sacrificed himself for the ship and for her. Parts of this made him angry, why was she allowed to constantly risk her life and worry him but if he wanted to do the same he was in the wrong? It wasn't fair and it was completely ridiculous. He was lead into a small cell where the door was bolted shut and he only had a sliver of light that filtered through the bottom of the door. He blinked a few times and allowed his eyes to become accustomed to the light before he could finally see his surroundings. The cell was absolutely tiny, he dreaded spending the rest of his life in this squalid little place but he knew that he might not have much of a choice. Across one wall was a plank of wood that he supposed was to serve as a bed, but that was pretty much it. To be fair he guessed he wouldn't be spending much time in here, he supposed that the majority of his time would be spent being treated by the Cryons. He needed to think of a way to get out, to escape and return to the Enterprise. Ella was right, she was smarter than him and would already have a plan by now and would be able to get out and back to the Enterprise within a couple of hours. Perhaps he should have just let her do this? It would have been more logical as Spock would put it, but he couldn't have risked it. He just had to be smart. He was a smart man he was sure that he could do it if he really put his mind to it. So he sat down heavily on the plank and stared into the darkness, formulating a plan that whirred through his mind. He came up with a few basic ideas but he needed to get to know the area better, as much as it pained him to think it, he needed them to take him out where he would surely be tortured, just so he could scope the place out. Luckily, his chance came sooner than he anticipated. When his cell door was opened he stood, hoping to show them some respect. If they thought he respected them they might warm to him and eventually treat him as a guest instead of a prisoner, or at least not torture him quite as much. He was grabbed once again, forcefully one on each arm and he resisted the urge to wince. If this hurt, he dreaded to think what was coming. He was marched through corridors and he kept a mental log of every corridor, every tiny detail, every nook and cranny where he might be able to hide. He was led into a large chamber, the walls were golden with red banners hanging down and slanting windows near the domed, golden roof. They cast long shafts of light across the hard, marble floor. Along the middle of the chamber was a deep red carpet which led up a couple of steps and up to a raised platform at the opposite end of the large oak doors, on this platform stood a huge golden throne with red cushions. Apart from the throne the room was empty. On the throne sat a woman, the Cryons were a race similar in appearance to humans. The only distinguishable differences were their piercing blue eyes and their high-pitched and slightly robotic voice. The woman had crazy, dark hair that flew out in all directions. It contrasted, scarily, against her pale skin and white dress. Her face was long and pointed and she would have been pretty if it weren't for the fact that she looked terrifying. Her eyes were wide and circled in dark make up that only enhanced them and her lips were painted a deep, cherry red. They were slightly parted as she watched him with curiosity burning in her eyes. As he neared, she stood, her dress rippled as she stood, the satin fabric reverberating with her every move. The gown was the purest white and clung to her body, to her every curve and made her look slinky and sexy. Bones was forced to his knees at the foot of the steps in front of the woman who looked down at him with burning eyes. After a moment of returning her eye contact, he looked away, down to her feet, awaiting whatever she was going to give him, he didn't imagine it would be pretty. "Who is this?" she asked, her voice was high-pitched but still sung softly, dangerously softly. "This is the prisoner from the USS Enterprise." One of the men replied. The woman took a step forward and Bones caught a glimpse of bare feet beneath the silky gown. He didn't have to see her nod to know she'd done it to show her understanding. "I thought it was to be a girl? I was so looking forward to having a girl…" she said, her voice sounded dreamy, detached and Bones wondered if she was on some kind of drug. "Apologies ma'am, this was who turned up." "Of course, no matter a man should do just fine. Leave us." She said dismissively and Bones heard the two men turn and make the long trek back up the chamber and back out of the chamber. Once they were gone and the door had slammed shut behind them, the woman stepped towards Bones once again. She moved slowly, her curiosity evident in her movements and Bones didn't move his gaze from her feet. But she crouched down once she was directly in front of him and looked into his eyes with a slight smile on her lips. "Such a pity…" she whispered, he looked back into her eyes and didn't say a word, "The girl was so pretty, I could have done so much with her, we could have ruled empires. But you'll do just fine, yes I think so…" Confused, Bones licked his lips and spoke softly, "What do you want with me?" "It's alright, I just want to take care of you." She whispered, leaning in close and he fought all instincts to jerk his head away. From one of the many folds of fabric she produced a syringe, seemingly from midair. "It's very simple, you and I are going to go on a conquest and take the galaxy, our love will be all that fuels us, but nothing will stand in our way. I'll have you taken out of that squalid little cellar and you can come and live with me. All you need do is tell me you love me, and kiss me. Kiss me like you'd kiss her, the pretty girl." "What do you…?" he began but she cut him off, putting a finger to his lips. "I'm not done… I know that you're here in the place of the pretty girl because you love her and I admire that. That's the love you'll feel for me. She's safe now, and so will you be, so long as you do this…" "What if I don't?" She smiled warmly, "I'm a little bit of a pacifist, and my favourite colour is white so I don't enjoy getting blood on my clothes. Therefore, every day you refuse to adhere to my deal, you will be injected with this," she held up the syringe for him to see, "It's such a pretty little thing, isn't it? It gives all the symptoms and feelings of agonising torture without me ever having to get my hands dirty. Ingenious is it not?" Thoughts of Ella flashed into his mind and whilst he might have easily been able to pull this off, he couldn't betray her, not after what had happened. He would take the torture over knowingly hurt her again. "I'll take the torture please." He said smoothly and registered the look of shock on her face. She stood suddenly, the frightening side of her emerging again and snapped her fingers loudly. Immediately two guards came through the door and marched down to him, one of them grabbed him and the other took the syringe. They escorted him back to his cell and injected him with the torture serum, the pain was immediate. Bones couldn't really remember much for the few hours that followed, only that he screamed, a lot. And that he passed out from the pain and awoke a couple of hours later sobbing. It was then that he thought of Ella, could he have allowed her to go through this, the answer was very plainly, no. he filled his head with scenarios of when he would see her again, of thoughts of her, of how much he loved her and this quelled the pain inside of him. This cycle continued every day for many weeks and every day Bones lost his mind a little more. He wanted to keep himself calm but he didn't know how. It was only after many weeks that he began to think rationally again, he decided that he needed to get his brain in gear to help himself, he needed to get away. But he knew there was only other way, one way to get out of this place, to go along with the Cryon leaders plan. What would be worse? To betray Ella and possibly get back to her so he could be with her always, or to never see her again and be in eternal pain. He needed to do this. He needed to go along with this ghastly woman's twisted idea of love. So when he was taken for interrogation the following day he changed his tack. When he was kneeling in front of her he took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a moment, he then looked up and in the place of the woman he saw Ella. She was stood above him, wearing the beautiful white dress and smiling softly down at him. In the back of his mind he knew it was just a hallucination that he was forcing himself to see but he'd gone just that little bit too mad that it was convincing. She was real, she was really there, even as she spoke it was with her voice. Ellarosa Kirk was stood before him. "Hello Dr. McCoy, how are you today?" she asked softly, smiling down at him as she crouched down to speak to him. He returned the smile gently and placed a hand on her cheek. "I'm feeling much better now I can see you…" he breathed and Ella let out the cute little laugh that he loved so much. "It's so good to hear you say that…" she giggled. "Is there anything you wanna tell me?" she looked at him pleadingly and there were a hundred things he wanted to say. "Yes," he was careful not to mention her name, "I'm so sorry, for everything I've ever done to hurt you. I cannot put into words how much I missed being by your side, how sorry I am for everything I've hurt you with. I love you, I always have and I always will, you are my world and my life. I love you so much, please, believe me. Don't leave me; don't ever leave me ever again." Ella's face looked as if it would split into two with her grin which he returned, every word was true. He leaned up and took her face in his hands as she kneeled in front of him and placed her hands on his waist. He ran his fingers through her long silky hair, he loved it when it was down, she didn't wear it down enough. He clasped the hair at the back of her head and used it to steer her head, to bring her mouth to his, and then he kissed her. The kiss was heated and passionate and made up for all they'd lost. He kissed her deeply and she returned all the love he felt. God he missed Ella. Then he remembered, this person wasn't Ella, and suddenly his vision of Ella vanished and she was back to being the terrifying Cryon leader before him. He broke off the kiss and she grinned at him. "Perfect…" she smiled and stood, snapping her fingers she gestured for guards to take him away. Instead of taking him to his cell he was escorted to a large suite. He didn't even bother to look around, instead he crossed to the nearest window once the guards were gone and opened it. He looked down to the wasteland below and took a mental measurement. It was about forty feet; he could jump it without doing too much damage to himself. So he jumped. He sailed through the air and towards the ground at a terrifying speed but once he hit the ground he crouched for a moment, before he ran. He sprinted across the wasteland and prayed for cover quickly, he knew he didn't have long before the Cryons would be behind him; he needed to get away and fast. He continued sprinting, ignoring the burning in his lungs and legs and finally came to a small, dense forest. He was temporarily safe. He kept clambering through the forest though, only slowing a little, until he came to a clearing. It was a tiny clearing but in the centre of it was a small tent and sat outside of it was a little old man; he looked up at Bones worriedly but relaxed when he saw the tattered star fleet uniform. "You're from star fleet?" the old man said and Bones nodded quickly, walking forward to the man. "Yes, who are you?" "I'm also from star fleet; I was posted here to observe the Cryons. You escaped from them?" "Yeah…" "What ship?" "Enterprise." "I've heard of it… Good ship. You wanna get back?" He looked at him, surprised, "You can get me back?" "Sure!" the old man smiled and stood, leading him inside the tent. Bones followed and saw that it was filled with devices and technology. He couldn't believe he'd been so fortunate after all this time to simply stumble across the once person who could get him back to the Enterprise! His luck was completely maxed out. He followed the man through the tent and recognised the machinery of a teleportation device which was hooked up to a device he didn't recognise. He followed the man though who walked over the device he didn't recognise and punched in a series of seemingly random letters and numbers. "What's that?" Bones asked curiously. "The tracking number of the Enterprise, as long as it is in the universe I can find it and beam you aboard." Bones let out a light laugh of relief, "You have no idea how much this means to me! I can't thank you enough, thank you so much!" "Don't mention it." The man said gruffly, evidently not a huge fan of soppy emotions, but Bones didn't care. He was getting back to Ella. "Stand on the teleportation pad, I've got it." He said bluntly and Bones complied. He gave the man one more smile before he experienced the familiar sensation of being transported. "I'm coming home Ella…" he whispered into the atoms of darkness. . . . "Wow…" Ella said after a moment's hesitation once Bones had recounted his story. He looked so scared, he'd just admitted to her that he'd kissed another woman, but she didn't look angry. Instead she put a hand to his cheek and caressed it softly. "It's okay," she whispered, "You had to do what you had to do to get back. And I love you for that. I love you so much Bones please don't leave me again…?" "Trust me, I'm going nowhere." A/N: This chapter was more designed as a filler and to tell the story of what happened to Bones when he was kidnapped! Hope you enjoyed it and I hope you enjoyed the length! I think this is the longest chapter I've ever written! Thank you for the support!
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 19 – Complications Ella returned to work and soon after so did Bones, they thought everything was behind them and they could continue as they had at the beginning of their voyage. They thought that they were safe. Jim observed them both with a courteous detachment, he didn't want to interfere with their personal lives but he was her brother, his friend and their captain. He thought that bought him a little right to know what was going on. Unfortunately since Bones came back, Ella went back to treating him how she had before but with a slightly more playful side. He didn't mind it so much because he knew she was joking, he did want to have a serious conversation with her now and again but he could cope without too much trouble. One day, a couple of weeks after Bones had returned, Jim was walking past Ella's cabin and thought he should check up on her. He knocked, praying to God that Bones wasn't in there too. Luckily, she was alone and called for him to enter. He found her sat at her desk doing some work, so she'd returned to her habit of working hard. Jim knew he needed to keep an especially close on her then, he knew that she'd once worked herself so hard she'd made herself dangerously ill. He doubted that Bones would allow this to happen but since he hadn't been around to prevent it the last time, in a way, he wanted to prevent it happening now. She was in the middle of her course of study to be a route planner and still at the academy. It was simple really; she didn't eat, sleep or talk to anyone. She only worked. Eventually she was so ill she'd been admitted to their hospital at the academy, at the same time Bones had still been married but doing research at the hospital. But neither of them ever recalled meeting one another there. Jim knew that they had met before Bones had come to the academy but neither of them would tell him the circumstances under which they met or how it went or what happened or anything! It infuriated him; he was determined to get the truth out of one of them at some point. "Hey Jim," she said, not turning from her work but continuing to scribble away frantically. He walked in and sat down on the chair by her desk. "Hey," he watched her for a few seconds with a raised eyebrow, "You gonna just sit there and continue to work when your big brothers come to talk to you?" he grinned and she looked up and took a deep breath, she let it out and grinned. She looked down for a moment, embarrassed and let out a small laugh, putting down her pen and leaning back in her chair. Her hair was down and fell down her back. It was clear she'd had it in a plait as it was thick and wild and untamed. "Sorry," she smiled apologetically and placed her hands flat on the desk, leaning forward in her chair again. "How can I help? Wait, first things first, are you here as my captain or as my brother?" "Brother." "Okay, it very much determines how I can speak to you and not lose my job!" she grinned and he grinned with her. "Actually," he said slowly and she crossed her arms in front of her and leant them on the desk. "I came here to apologise." "What for? I don't remember you doing anything wrong." He sighed, preparing himself for his big confession. "I did, I did everything wrong. In the light of recent events I realised everything I've done wrong. How I couldn't protect you from your dad, how I abandoned you to get on with things whilst I went off to get drunk every night. It wasn't right; you were still just a kid." "Shut up." She said quickly and his eyes widened in surprise, he still had so much more he wanted to say, to apologise for. "Jim, you did nothing wrong. You protected me for as long as you needed to, I could protect myself by the time you left. And if you hadn't left I would not be here today. Your leaving was what drove me to enlist in star fleet so don't go on, if you're responsible for anything, it's for my success. And I guess we're pretty lucky that I was a smart kid." Jim searched her face for any sign that she was joking at her last comment, but she was deadly serious and this made him smile. "I apologise for apologising." "Good. Now if you'll excuse me, I have a lot of important work to do. I don't want to do anything that would incriminate my job performance. The captain would not approve." She smiled warmly and Jim returned the smile, he got the hint that she wanted him to leave so she could continue working and so he stood. He walked halfway to the door before stopping and turning back to face her. "Ella," he said softly and she looked up at him, "don't work so hard you hurt yourself. Okay? Because that is something the captain will not approve of." "Okay," she smiled. "I promise I won't." Jim smiled again and left. She continued to work for a while longer before her shoulder-blades started to ache from her leaning over so she decided to take a break. She stretched her arms above her head and yawned, she knew it was late. She was surprised that Bones hadn't come to see her yet before she realised his shift didn't finish for another half an hour. She wanted to see him before going to bed and so she made the decision to keep herself awake. She stood up and stretched herself out before leaving her cabin. She wandered the corridors for a while, making sure to keep out of everyone's way, she knew what she wanted to talk to her brother about and she was cursing herself for not bringing it up earlier. He would be working now and on the bridge, the subject was sensitive and she wanted to talk about it in private. Besides, thinking twice she wasn't sure Jim would be the best person to offer her advice, he wasn't logical enough. She stopped dead in her tracks, no. she would not ask Spock for advice. Yes they had worked together for many years and knew each other pretty well but she refused to ask him for advice about her private life. She continued walking, ignoring the strange looks she was getting from people who'd seen her stop and was so wrapped up in her own thoughts that she didn't hear her name being called and was only brought to attention when her arm was grabbed and she was spun around to face Carol Marcus who was glaring angrily at her. Ella simply rolled her eyes and turned around to walk away. "I came to return the little gift you gave me the other day!" Carol smirked, striding alongside her and Ella stared stonily ahead. "You know, I'm really not in the mood Marcus." She drawled and turned a corner into a deserted corridor. Marcus continued to talk but Ella didn't listen to a word she was saying, she only paid attention when Marcus grabbed her arm and shoved her against a wall, holding her shoulders roughly to keep her there. "I'm not normally the violent type." Marcus hissed and Ella slumped against the wall, bored of their conversation, "But you really do bring out the exceptional side in me." "If you're gonna hit me get on with it because I'm not in the mood for another one of your rants about how perfect you are and how qualified for everything and how pretty you are and all that shit, I'm really not." Marcus narrowed her eyes, "I'm not going to hit you, I told you, I'm not the violent type and I don't like having red in my ledger. No, instead I invited someone aboard, someone I think you might remember. I'm sure he'll be dropping in soon to say hello." Marcus said with a triumphant grin. "If you're not going to hit me, should I hit you? I mean it's wrong for us to have a conversation and not one of us hit the other, it seems to be mainly me hitting you doesn't it?" Ella said with a light shrug. Marcus pushed her against the wall and glared at her for a moment, not even bothering to retort before storming away, leaving Ella with a smile on her face. Ella turned in the opposite direction and walked in the direction of the medical bay, Bones should be finishing his shift at any minute and she'd really love to spend some time with him. When she arrived he was just finishing up, she sat and talked to him whilst he filled in some paperwork and then they left together. They walked through the corridors on the way to his cabin, hand in hand and acted like a proper couple. When they reached his cabin he let them in and she sat down heavily on his bed, her head was filled with thoughts that she wanted so desperately to talk to him about but she didn't want to worry him or scare him away. She wanted to discuss whether their relationship was going anywhere. Whether it was going to be a long term relationship that lasted until the day they died and they would marry and have children (the option she very much preferred and could imagine happening between the two of them); or whether their relationship was just playful, was just fun for now but wouldn't really go anywhere (the option that she very much feared). But she knew that his divorce from his ex-wife had scarred him badly and that was why she was so scared. She was scared he didn't want to risk that kind of relationship again, that kind of heartbreak. Surely he would know that she would never hurt him the way she had but she understood his reasoning, no matter how much she disliked it. He sat down beside her, concerned, she liked that he could tell that she was thinking about something important just by the way she sat down. "What's the matter with you?" he asked roughly, if there was something wrong he wanted to know immediately. "Nothing." She said, smiling in a way that she hoped was convincing. "Just work getting on top of me." "Be careful," he scolded instantly and she smiled. "Of course! It's most definitely not that bad, it's fine!" she smiled and he narrowed his eyes, he didn't quite believe her but she wasn't giving anything up so there was no point pressing her. "Ella, you know you can tell me anything. Anything at all. We can talk about anything, I always wanna talk to you, about anything I don't even mind! Just, talk to me." she nodded slowly before kneeling up on the bed and grinning at him, she leaned in close. "Right now I don't even want to talk at all…" she grinned and he grabbed her waist quickly swinging her around and onto her back, he lay on top of her as she squealed and he kissed her roughly for a few moments and she responded perfectly. Her back arching and her hips rising to meet his, her fingers gripping at his hair and her mouth not moving from his. They enjoyed their blissful kiss for a few moments before it was rudely shattered by the sound of an annoyed sounding captain. "Lieutenant Ellarosa Kirk and Dr. McCoy get to the bridge, now!" he yelled into the com and they looked at each for a couple of moments before Ella spoke. "What the hell have we done this time?"
Star Trek Okay so I love Star Trek and I understand that some hard-core Trekkies might not like this story but please don't hate because I liked the idea. I don't own Star Trek or any related content. This chapter is set after the 2013 film so if you haven't seen/don't want spoilers for that film then you might want to see it before you continue reading. If you don't mind spoilers then go ahead and carry on reading! I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 20 – Attack When they arrived on the bridge it was pure mayhem, Jim was shouting out orders and everyone was rushing about obeying them. Avoiding as many people as possible they fought their way to the middle and to Jim, as they stood in the centre of the maelstrom it became very clear to them just how mad everything was. Jim stopped barking his orders as they approached him; he looked annoyed and nervous but not particularly angry. "Jim!" Ella shouted to her brother to be heard above the chaos, "What's going on?" Bones stood a couple of steps behind her. Just enough to hear but not to appear too forward in the discussion between relatives. "We're being pursued very quickly with a good promise of an attack." He said plainly and stood, he looked suddenly angry at them, but there was something else, fear, or perhaps worry. "And how is this fault?" Ella shrugged, disbelieving that he was trying to blame them for this. "It's the Cryons." He said and Ella took a step back as her legs almost buckled beneath her, causing Bones to reach out instinctively and place an arm around her waist to support her. She was suddenly terrified, they wanted Bones back. She couldn't allow them to have him; she couldn't give him up again. She had no idea what to do or how to stop them but she only knew that she had to. She felt Bones shift beside her, he also seemed afraid. Afraid of being tortured again or afraid of losing her? She secretly prayed it was the latter. They turned and glanced at each other in shock before returning their attention to Jim, their arms not moving from each other. "What do we do?" Ella asked with a quiet voice, her fear pretty evident. Jim's eyes flickered to Bones for a moment before he sighed and screwed his eyes shut, forcing himself to calm down for the sake of his little sister. He scolded himself for being angry with her and he should have known that she would be frightened and worried for Bones' sake. "I don't know." He said shaking his head before opening his eyes to look at her with big eyes. He was searching his brains for ideas but he had no idea. "Let me talk to them." Ella and Bones said in unison and then looked at each other in shock before speaking again in unison both with a very protective, "No!" Jim would have found this comical if the present problem had not been so serious and dangerous. "No, neither of you can talk to them. I will attempt to talk to them and if they don't listen to me, we'll have to fight." Jim said firmly, sitting back down in his chair with an air of authority and continued to shout orders. "Jim," Bones pleaded, stepping forward and leaving Ella a couple of steps behind now to watch, he lowered his voice, he didn't want to frighten her further. "Jim the Cryons technology is far more advanced than you realise! If we fight, we'll lose." He said, looking Jim in the eye and leaning in close. He didn't really want anyone else hearing, he knew he couldn't afford to scare anyone. "Bones, we don't have any other choice." "There has to be something else!" "There isn't anything else. Go to med bay they'll need you." He said dismissively, not able to look him in the eye but as Bones turned to go he called after him. "Bones! Don't do anything stupid. You hurt my sister again and I won't let you off so lightly." Bones paused and nodded firmly before leaving the bridge, at this Ella ran up to her brother. "So what? We're just going to fight against a race that is so much more advanced than us?" she whispered and he nodded. "Ella we have no other choice." He said, almost annoyed. He was tired of being doubted, he was tired of them not realising that he was the captain and this choice rested with him. He sat back in his chair and she stood up straight and rolled her eyes before darting down to her seat. The woman who took over the other half of the shifts vacated the seat and Ella sat down. Sulu and Chekov both glanced at her as she was still actually only in jeans, sneakers and a tank top with a hoodie over the top. She raked a hand through her hair and wished she'd remembered a hair band. "I don't think we've ever actually seen you out of your uniform." Sulu said with a light smirk as he continued to work, keeping as much power as possible to their forward shields. "We work together," Ella said with a light smile, "If you saw me in anything other than my work clothes there would be complications. It would completely ruin our work relationship." "Damn, that's our relationship ruined then." Sulu grinned and Ella paused in her work for a moment and grinned before continuing with her work and helping Sulu with the shields as well as plotting it into the system that they wouldn't move and they would hold their position to be able to stand strong and fight back. Once the work was done she stood to confirm her actions with Nyota as she'd done a hundred times, but as she passed the captains chair she froze. She didn't need to turn to know that the Cryon leader was magnified onto the screen behind her. She knew that she shouldn't look at this woman, that by doing so it would shatter her heart into a thousand pieces, or she would throw up, or she would launch herself at the screen and try to gouge out her eyes, or… well there were endless endings to what might happen if she turned to look at this woman. There was a sudden silence on the bridge and all chaos seemed to halt as Jim leant forward in his seat curiously. They'd never even been hailed; this woman had just managed to connect with their ship. Bones was right, this fight might just be too big for them to handle. Slowly, Ella turned her head just enough for her eyes to connect with her brothers. He nodded slowly and she turned around fully to face the monster who'd manipulated the man she loved. The monster who had forced him to go so crazy that he was forced to imagine his captor as the woman he loved so vividly just so he could escape her torture. She hated this woman with every fibre of her being. Her gut wrenched and she was very tempted to shout and scream and swear at this woman until her face was blue but she knew there was no point. Jim would only have her hauled away by security for her own protection and then she'd be forced to sit in her cabin with no clue what was going on. She kept her mouth shut and glared instead. She was exactly as Bones had described her. Pretty, but with a dark and edgy side. Her hair was mad and curly and flew out in all directions; it was raven black and contrasted nicely with her pale skin and sharp blue eyes. She had defined cheekbones and a pointed jaw which was accented nicely with her long nose and thin lips which were painted the darkest red. She had a light smile on her lips and there was amusement in her eyes, obviously she enjoyed the bewilderment she had created on Jim's ship. "Ella." Jim said in a warning tone but neither of them moved their eyes from the woman in front of them. "Don't worry," she muttered and they shared a beautiful moment of complete understanding. Jim cleared his throat and spoke loudly. "Can I help you? It appears you've been following our ship at quite some speed. I wasn't aware the Cryons held that kind of advanced weaponry." He said in a warm tone. He was trying to bargain with them. "You have something that belongs to me." the woman said in her robotic voice and Ella felt everything inside of her constrict and she was forced to bite down so hard on her lip that she felt and tasted blood running into her mouth, but she didn't relent or else she knew what would happen. "I don't think we have anything that belongs to you." Jim said smoothly and she cut him off, her voice rising as she became angry. "If you do not have him then I want a replacement!" she cried and there was a silence before she spoke in a sick whisper, "The girl… the original girl, I want her." "Oh no, we have Bones. And you're not getting the girl either. We're not in your domain anymore, we don't owe you anything." Jim said firmly. The woman was shocked into silence for a moment before smiling grimly, "Very well. You are correct captain, however, if we cannot have them, then neither can you." She smirked and her face blurred before they lost contact. "What does that mean?" Ella asked quietly, there was a deadly silence on the bridge as everyone turned to look at the captain, to await his response to Ella's question. Her lip was swelling from where she'd cut into it and she brushed away some blood impatiently with the sleeve of her hoodie. But it wasn't the captain who replied, it was Spock from his station behind them. "I believe it means that the Cryons intend to kill both you and Dr. McCoy." He said plainly and Ella almost laughed at his bluntness. "I don't think she meant that…" Jim said suddenly and Ella faced him again, "I think she meant something much bigger than that." "How much bigger?" Ella asked. "I'm pretty sure it's gonna be ship-wide." Jim said, not looking at her but instead turning to Sulu and Chekov. "Sulu, Chekov. Direct all power to forward shields now!" He shouted but he was a moment too late, in that moment they felt all their engines and power cut out and they were plunged into darkness. There was a moment where all they could hear were the sounds of each other's breathing before there was an almighty creak and the ship began to fall as it latched onto the gravity of the nearest planet. A/N: I hope you guys are enjoying this story! Please leave reviews to let me know because I get really paranoid that no one likes it when I don't get reviews and then I get sad… So please let me know what you think! Thank you very much for reading it though, it means a lot!
Star Trek I don't own Star Trek or any related content. I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 21 – Finding the Problem After a few seconds of falling the ships halted to a stop, suspending them in the air. They knew that they should still be falling, but they weren't. "The Cryons…" Nyota whispered, being the first one to work it out. "They're holding us, they'll drop us again. It's a form of torture, we know we're going to die but there's nothing we can do about it." "Where's our power?" Jim demanded and there was scuffle in the darkness before the bridge was lit by a dim red light. "There's a jam in our power systems captain, the warp core is still functional but the power is unable to travel to anywhere. It's trapped." Spock replied from behind them. "I can fix it but I would need two additional crew members to help me." "Why?" Nyota asked. "I would need someone relatively small to get into the tunnel where the power travels and one other person to be there to pull them up quickly before the warp energy travels through. I can delay it for up to one minute once it's functioning again but they would need help getting out. I would operate it from the desk but the tunnel is on the opposite side of the control room." "I'll do it." Nyota volunteered immediately. "We do not have time for you to change." Spock replied eyeing her rather short dress and Nyota's head drooped a little. "Maybe I won't do it…" "Ella will do it." Jim offered and Ella's head snapped around to glare at him. "Since when?" "Ella we need you to!" "I'm not going to die for this!" "Ella come on, you can save the ship!" "Jim I can't! I'm not brave enough, I can't do it." She said, shaking her head before leaning in to whisper to him, "I can't deal with small spaces. I'm claustrophobic." "Come on Ella please! If you don't do this then we're all gonna die. Bones, take Bones to pull you out. You know what you're doing then and he won't let you die. Come on, if there's anyone on this ship who won't let you die it's him." She thought for a moment and the ship dropped again, causing another mad scramble. Once it had stopped Ella took a deep breath and nodded, looking to Spock. "What do I need to do?" Spock stood and began to walk quickly from the bridge, motioning for Ella to follow. As they walked through the corridors they heard Jim sending Bones to the control room. As Spock led the way Ella began to panic, taking deep breaths she turned to Spock and spoke with a mock confidence. "Tell me what I need to do."
Star Trek I don't own Star Trek or any related content. I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 22 – Fixing the Problem "There are a series of compartments in the tunnels, one of them is jammed. Ella you will need to go into the tunnel, it is vertical, and climb down to the area where it is jammed. Dismantle the jam and I will restart the energy, you will have one minute to climb up as far as possible, as long as you climb to where Dr. McCoy can reach you, you should get out alive." Spock explained as they neared the control room, Ella turned her head to him and raised an eyebrow. "Should?" she asked doubtfully and he turned to her, his human side evidently having some kind of effect on his Vulcan side. "I am sorry you have to do this. But it is the only way." Ella couldn't reply and only nodded, feeling slightly sick. They heard footsteps and Bones ran up behind them, everything seemed so much more dramatic bathed in the eerie red light. He reached them and put a protective hand on Ella's arm, glaring at Spock. "She is not doing this." He said in a warning tone and Spock opened his mouth to respond but Ella interrupted. "Bones, I have to. If I don't then we're all gonna die, this will help." "Ella you know you can't go in there, I know you're claustrophobic and you're not gonna be help to anyone whilst you're freaking out." "Then you guide me through it. You'll be there the whole time." "Lieutenant Kirk is correct Dr. McCoy, you will be there and she will be able to hear you so you can keep her calm." Spock interjected calmly before opening the door to the control room and leading them inside. Ella took Bones' hand and gripped it tight. She was scared, but she was more scared about everyone dying and she could have stopped it. Spock directed them over to the entrance to the tunnel and walked over to the opposite side of the room. Bones and Ella reached the small door and she could finally see just how tiny the tube was. Spock had been right they really did need someone small. "What if I get stuck?" she whispered and Bones gave her hand a squeeze. "You'll be okay, I'll be right here." He said calmly and she turned to look at him for a second before directing her attention to opening the door. It was darker in there, there was no dim red light it was complete blackness. "I don't want you to do this…" Bones said quietly, she turned to look at him again; his face was lined with worry as his eyes darted between her and the door. "I'll be fine, I promise." She said quietly, meaningfully. "It's gonna be okay." She leaned up and kissed him quickly, a couple of tears falling down her cheeks as she did. She was terrified that this would be the last kiss she shared with him, she loved him so much and she couldn't bear to have to part with him. But this was what had to happen; she had to help him and everyone else. Unable to talk to him any further or else she knew she wouldn't be able to cope; she broke the kiss and moved to the door, climbing through and positioning herself so she was hanging off the bottom of the door, her legs dangling in thin air all in one swift movement. The tunnel was much thinner than she realised and her legs rebounded off the opposite side. She tried to get a grip on the sides of the tunnel but it was too slippery. The ship gave another lurch and she lost her grip. Suddenly she was falling down the tunnel, screaming, her hair flying out above her, her hoodie and t-shirt riding up and the sides of the tunnel leaving painful gashes down her back. Her feet hit something solid and her knees buckled, she put her hands out and stopped herself. "Ella?" Bones' voice shouted down from above and she looked up, she could see the red light and the outline of Bones' head and realised she hadn't actually fallen that far. "I'm okay!" she called back; she looked down and could hardly see a thing. "You got a flashlight or something?" she called up. "Heads up!" he yelled back and she reached up and caught the light, it was small and would easily fit in her pocket so she could climb back up quickly. She turned it on and looked down; she was stood on a small piece of wreckage that was jammed in what looked like a fan. The fan's edges looked pretty sharp and pretty scary. She slammed her foot down on the wreckage, it was empty below and would fall through not to cause any harm. But it wouldn't budge. She tried again and again. The ship lurched again and her frustration took over in an angry scream. "Ella?!" Bones called out from above. "I can't budge it! I don't know what to do!" she called. "Use the flashlight!" he replied and she looked at it for a moment before crouching down to look closer. She found a small gap and jammed the flashlight in, and then she waited. Once she felt the first signs of a familiar lurch she jammed her foot against the flashlight. It forced the wreckage out and it fell down into the abyss below. "I did it!" she shouted up, a grin breaking across her face. She found a footing and began to try and climb up. She thought it would be a lot easier, but the tunnel was slippery and her shoes didn't have the best grip. "Ella come on!" "I can't! I can't get a good grip!" She kept trying, she got about halfway up; her hand was so close to Bones' outstretched ones. "Ten seconds!" she heard Spock shout and she felt the wind begin as the energy was getting ready to power up. She was so close. Then the ship lurched.
Star Trek I don't own Star Trek or any related content. I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 23 – Small Sacrifices "Ten seconds!" Spock's voice sounded loud and clear across the bridge. The captain and his crew waited with bated breath to hear that their crew-mate had got out alive, that they were all safe and secure. But no such message came. They could hear Spock's calm authorial voice, but there was more in the background. Panicked shouts, Bones' panicked shouts. Ella was in trouble, they could all deduce that much. "Spock! What's going on? Is Ella out and alright." Kirk yelled, fear not evident in his voice but clear in his eyes. If anything happened to his sister then it was on his head, he wouldn't be able to life with himself. "Negative captain," Spock replied and Kirk's breath caught in his throat. "She fell at the last second. I am sorry, but it is unlikely she will make it out in time." For once in his life, Spock sounded truly upset and sorry. But he had to do the logical thing to save everyone else on the ship. Whilst Kirk understood that, he would not let his sister die. "Can you delay it for just a few seconds longer?" he asked, pleading. He was afraid his crew would find him weak, but they didn't. Every single member understood his pain, understood how he needed to save her. "I can delay it for a further thirty seconds if entirely necessary. But this can mean that it will be less likely for it to work, we could lose power by that time. And it is still unlikely that Lieutenant Kirk will make it out in time." "No. Give her the thirty seconds. She can do it." … "Bones I can't do this!" Ella yelled up the shaft. She'd only fallen halfway before sticking her arms and legs out and managing to stop herself but the fans were picking up speed. They whipped her hair around her face so she could barely see. Her t-shirt stuck to her back from the blood and stabbing pains shot through her back, causing her to lose more and more focus. "Yes you can Ella!" Bones yelled back from above her. She tried to look up at him but the combination of her hair and tears that came to her eyes made it impossible for her to see anything. "You are going to get out of this thing and we are going to be happy together! We are going to get married and have kids and grow old together until we're too old and crazy and when we die we're going to be holding hands. We're going to regret nothing of our lives. We're going to be happy dammit!" he sounded angry and emotional and part of her was glad she couldn't see his face. Because she could hear the tears in his voice and she didn't want to see him cry. He thought fast, he knew they didn't have much time. "Start climbing back up." He ordered her. "Bones its hopeless there's not enough…" "Just do it!" he ordered her and she obeyed. She began struggling back up, the pain in her back hindering her. Thinking of a compromise he pulled off his blue shirt. It wasn't too strong but it would help. He pulled it out to resemble some form of rope. He leaned through the doorway up to his shoulders. He couldn't get through any further, but he was able to lower his makeshift rope down so it was only a couple of feet above her. "Ella!" he called and she attempted to look up. "Grab onto this!" he instructed her. Keeping his voice even and calm. She reached up, stretching her fingers as much as she could but she couldn't quite reach, it wasn't quite long enough. "Just a little bit further!" desperation tinted his voice now and she felt it. She positioned her foot behind her, gritting her teeth she loosened her grip with her hands. Her entire faith relied on this one jump, if she could launch herself just a couple of feet then she could get out. She readied herself. And she jumped. She sailed up, using the momentum of her push and crying out. Her fingers connected with the fabric of the shirt. And glided through them. She was going to miss it, her only opportunity for life. But she was just high enough, Bones reached through the doorway and caught her hand cleanly in his. They didn't need the thirty seconds. "I've got her!" Bones yelled, his voice cracking at his delight. He hauled her up in a matter of seconds and she fell through the doorway just as the rotary engines began and the force of the wind could have torn her from his grip. He slammed the door shut as she fell to the floor in pain and relief. She was alive. "Captain…" Spock reached out to the bridge. "Lieutenant Kirk is alive and out. Engines being cleared now. We should be ready to retaliate almost immediately." "Thank God, thank you Spock." Kirk replied and the com cut out as he began barking orders to his crew. Spock rushed over to the other two. Ella was lying on the floor on her front, breathing heavily between sobs. Spock touched her back and she cried out, flinching away. "She's injured quite severely, she requires urgent medical assistance." He informed Bones as he rushed over from securing the doorway. "Good thing I'm a Doctor then isn't it?" he replied dryly. He walked past Ella, thinking firstly as her doctor and found a medical kit. He opened it up and extracted a syringe which he injected immediately into her back. He knew it would clean out the wounds for any toxicity and also help relieve the pain. He lifted her shirt and found a series of small but deep wounds down her lower back. He set to work immediately, cleaning and binding her wounds. "It's not as serious as it looks. They're just deep. They'll take time to heal but once this pain relief wears off she should be fine." Bones said, more to reassure himself. Once his skilled fingers had finished he allowed himself to look down at her. She was quiet now, almost sleeping. She was alright, she was alive and they were finally together. She thought of her life as a small sacrifice to save the ship. He thought of her life as something that no longer only belonged to her, it belonged to him too. Because he was going to ensure that he was with her for every single step of it.
Star Trek I don't own Star Trek or any related content. I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 24 – The Way They Want It "Thank God," Jim muttered, more to himself than anyone else. He decided that after all of this drama he was going to have Ella plot them a course to a piece of space that didn't have any enemies in, a place where they might be able to have a few months of peace and quiet. It wasn't that he didn't love a bit of drama, but he didn't love people getting hurt. "Revert 50% of our power to the forward shields and the rest to ammunition. Let em have it." He ordered and his crew were only too happy to comply. It appeared that whilst Cryons had upped their technology in certain areas, they were still lacking equipment in their warfare. But before the Enterprise had entirely decimated them, they were hailed. "Stop the attack," Jim ordered smoothly, sensing victory like an aromatic spice, "Let me talk to them. Let's do this the way that they want it." Surely enough the woman appeared on their screen, her beautiful features were lined with worry for her people. Jim wanted to empathise with her, wanted to understand that she was only going through the same worry he had for his own crew. But she had ordered an attack on them for taking back one of their own, and for that, Jim could never empathise with her madness. "Hello," he greeted her, sickly sweetly. "I believe that you aren't as capable as you believe. We're willing to be merciful if you turn around now and go." "We'll never give up!" she hissed. Her blue eyes burned like the midst of a dying star. Her hair seemed to stand on end, frazzled by her raging anger. "Even you have to come back at some point! And when you pass our planet the next time, Enterprise, we will not be so helpless! We will destroy you, all of you! You will all die. We will never forgive, and we will never forget." With that she cut off the transmission and the ship watched in a united relief as the Cryon ship scurried back to their home. Jim allowed himself to feel victorious, but he also felt ashamed. They had been helpless, they had potentially just begun a bloodlust war between human and Cryon. He didn't want to be responsible for this, but they had doomed themselves. Right now, he didn't care about how bad the Cryons felt for themselves. He cared about the crew members who had risked their lives to save everyone else's. "Spock?" he called out over the com, "Where are you, Bones and Ella?" he asked. A few moments later Spock's voice came over the bridge, "We are in the medical bay, captain." He told them and Jim was on his feet immediately. "I thought you said Ella got out okay?" "I said she got out alive, she has received small wounds and Dr McCoy is keeping her in for observations. In fact, she is rather restless and wishes to leave but he won't let her." "That doesn't surprise me. I'll be right there." He made to leave, calling back behind him, "Sulu you got the com." He made his way to the medical bay. It was busy, it appeared that a few people had been injured in their battle. Jim regretted this, he regretted that people were hurt because of something that could have been resolved so easily. But it didn't take long for him to find his sister, he just followed the sound of complaining. "Oh my God, I'm fine! Just let me leave, please." Ella was sat up in her bed, she was hitting her foot on the bed impatiently but grimaced when her back made contact with the pillow if Bones adjusted it. "Yeah, no you're not." Bones said smugly and she shot him a glare. Jim looked between his sister and the man she loved and she knew that it would all be okay. Everything was okay.
Star Trek I don't own Star Trek or any related content. I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 25 – Easy To Love "Can I leave yet?" "No." She waited five minutes, read six more pages of her book before marking her place and returning her attention to the doctor who was stood at the foot of her bed making notes. "Can I leave yet?" "No." She waited three more minutes, read four more pages of her book before marking her place and returning her attention to the doctor who was still stood at the foot of her bed and was still making notes. "Can I leave yet?" "No." She waited one more minute, read two more pages of her book before marking her place and returning her attention to the doctor who had moved from the end of her bed and was now checking squiggly lines on the monitor next to her bed. She lowered her voice so only he could hear. "Can I leave yet?" "Doctor McCoy I can' take it anymore!" the doctor stormed away from her bed, his hands in the air as he sought out his superior. Ella lay back, clutching her stomach and laughing to herself as she set her book aside. "Ella," Bones appeared in front of her and she grinned up at him. He looked serious but she knew he couldn't stay mad at her. "That's the third Doctor you've driven crazy in two days." "What can I say? I'm a natural!" she giggled. "Why are you so intent on winding up people who are trying to help you?" "Because I'm bored. If you let me out, let me go back to my cabin for a couple of days then go back to work I'll be fine!" "No." "Why not?" "Because you're not ready." "I am ready! Look at me, I can lean against pillows and everything, no… You're not ready." She spoke seriously, nodding her head slowly and pointing at him and pressing her lips together to fight back her laughter. He shifted his weight and crossed his arms, raising an eyebrow at her. "Okay, I'll bite. How am I not ready?" She patted the bed, motioning for him to sit next to her, he complied, not seeming entirely impressed. She took a deep breath and collected her thoughts, since she'd felt that she could leave the hospital aboard their ship she'd been planning this speech. That had been a week ago, her wounds had all but healed. Truthfully, she could probably go back to work now and be fine, but she was willing to spend a couple of days in her cabin just to please Bones. "Look, sweetie," she began softly, taking his hands in hers and looking him in the eye. "You know as well as I do that I'm fine and that I could go back to work now. Keeping me in here is just so that you can keep an eye on me. I know that ever since the Cryon thing happened when you were taken you haven't been too keen on being away from me and believe me the feelings mutual. I love you, man, you know that as well as I do. But keeping me cooped up in here is only making me cranky. You've got to let me have my own space back, get back to work, find those stars I've always dreamed of. You need to stop worrying about me, because every second you worry about my safety I worry about your sanity. I just need some room, I need you to let me go. I'll still be on this ship, I will still see you all the time, I just won't be so idle. And after everything we've been through I won't be volunteering myself for any more drama I promise you. I'll leave the hot-shot lifestyle to someone else for a little while, but you have to promise to do the same. For now, I like the idea of that growing old together and being crazy thing you were talking about." She winked. Bones looked as though he might cry. "Ellarosa Kirk, you are so easy to love." "Well then everyone must love me." "Yet you settled for me…" she leaned forward and kissed him gently. "It's because to me, you're easy to love. I loved you right from when I met you in that bar." "God, please don't remind me." Bones groaned, blushing at the memory and Ella started to giggle. "That was fun!" "You were so incredibly drunk, I can't believe you even remember any of it." "I have an excellent memory." "I can see." They laughed together and she leaned her forehead against his. "So, what do you say? Can I go back to work?" "Two days cabin-rest." "Half a day." "One day." "Done." They grinned at each other before she kissed him quickly again and pulled away, grabbing up her things quickly. "You make it seem like you want to leave!" "Hate to break it to you honey, but I'm going a little bit stir-crazy!" she grinned, standing up and raising her arms above her head. She bent to crack her spine and he winced as he thought of her injured back. She didn't seem to wince herself, or even notice him wincing on her behalf. Instead she gathered the small amount of belongings which she'd had Jim fetch and bring to her (two books, a pair of slippers, a toothbrush and a small music device with attached headphones) and she clutched them all to her chest. She smiled at Bones and thanked him before making for the door. "Hey," Bones called and she stopped, turning back to face him, a slightly anxious look on her face as she thought he was going to change his mind. "Yeah?" she replied slowly, biting her lip gently. Bones couldn't stop himself from smiling at the sweet girl he loved who stood before him. "You need to be discharged first." He stated and he felt her relief release as if it was a signal. He stood up and crossed to her, smiling. "And then I'll help you take your things back to your cabin." She grinned at him in surprise. "Thank you." She said again and leaned up to kiss him softly on the cheek. He couldn't stop himself from blushing slightly, even back in a simpler time she had never been keen on public displays of affection. To be honest, neither had he. They both knew that it made people uncomfortable and so neither of them tended to express their feelings in any public way. So he couldn't stop himself asking the question, what did this kiss mean? Did it mean that she had changed and wanted their relationship to be that little bit more public now? He couldn't really blame her for acting this way, after all, he'd been the one to express interest in marrying her and growing old with her. He didn't blame her if she didn't want to, he had a bad history with being married and she knew it. For now though, he decided just to take the kiss as a kiss and nothing more, they were both changed by the events that had taken place. They needed to get to know each other all over again.
Star Trek I don't own Star Trek or any related content. I Will Fight for the Stars Chapter 26 – Strong As Ever For two days Bones visited Ella in her cabin every half an hour. He would stay for fifteen minutes and return fifteen minutes later for their next half hour appointment. She enjoyed his company and enjoyed the way her colleagues seemed grateful to her for saving their lives and this was shown in gifts and things done for her, but she couldn't wait to get back to work. She wanted things to return to normal, she wanted to go back to work and pretend like she hadn't done anything. She missed her banter with Sulu and Chekhov, she missed those moments where she could make the whole bridge laugh with one remark or comment. She even missed working alongside her brother, he'd been visiting her less and less like he was afraid of saying or doing something around her that might not be right. She was afraid he thought she was fragile, she was just as strong as ever if not stronger. The entire ordeal had left her exhausted but stronger, she wanted to get out into the Universe and see it all now. She didn't want to be spending all this time trapped inside of her cabin with nothing but her window which didn't even have the best view. Now, for instance, she had dragged her bed over to the window. Her window was large and took up the top half of one of the walls. The top of her bed matched the bottom of the window and so when she sat, curled up, leaning against the headboard and judging the stars flying by at warp speed, it was like there was no glass between her and them. It was like she was out there, flying by with nothing to protect or hinder her. She was free. She closed her eyes and she could feel the wind around her, she could sense the rush of the warp. But then she remembered that space was a vacuum, and there wouldn't actually be any wind. It put a bit of a damper on her spirits. There was a firm knock on her door and a voice she knew not to be Bones, he'd just left and wasn't due back for another fifteen minutes. "Ella?" Jim's familiar voice sailed through and she smiled. She wanted to have a proper conversation with her brother, she missed him. "Come on in Jimmy!" she called and she could almost feel him wince. "I thought we agreed you wouldn't call me that." He said as he walked in and the door slid shut behind him. "Yeah, well I went through a very traumatic experience. It brings back memories from your childhood and I guess that was one that popped into my head!" she replied with a cheeky shrug of her shoulders. "You remember any other childhood memories?" he asked, sitting down lightly on her bed. "Yeah, loads. Not all of them so great." She rubbed her left elbow and Jim knew that she was remembering the time her father had managed to break her arm because she refused to fetch him a beer from the fridge on the grounds of, 'she didn't agree with his drinking habits'. He'd stayed up with her all night while she cried until their mother got home in the morning and took her to the hospital. They'd both lied to her and told her that Ella had fallen off of a swing and put her arms out to protect herself. Their mother had bought their lies. "We had a pretty crap time." Jim speculated and she nodded. "Yep. But not all the time. Hey do you remember that time when you and George drew on his face when he was asleep and he didn't realise for a week?" "Yeah! That was pretty funny, especially as mom was there and as she found it funny he couldn't do anything!" "That was excellent!" "Or do you remember that time when we managed to convince mom that you were a year older than you actually were and for like a month she bought it?" Jim offered. "Oh my God! That was hilarious! She was so pissed at us when she found out!" "Not as pissed as she was at herself for actually believing us!" "Yeah, she bought me ice cream to say sorry!" "Or what about that time and me and George convinced you that you were adopted?" Jim laughed. "Yeah," Ella's laughter died and her smile left her, "that wasn't funny." "Yeah it was." "No it wasn't it was cruel." "It was hilarious!" Ella couldn't help herself, she smiled back at him. She had missed him too much to hold childish grudges against him. Even if they had been plain cruel. "I've missed my brother." She said softly, she could feel emotion coursing through her but she knew that she needed to have this conversation with him. "George?" he asked, he knew what she meant but he decided to joke around anyway. She kicked him and rolled her eyes. "No! You. And don't say something stupid like 'but I'm right here' or some crap like that because you know what I mean. I haven't really had my brother since I was sixteen years old. The day before you ran away and left me. The year before I joined star fleet." "I never meant to leave you alone. I had to get away though. It's part of growing up kid." "No I know, that's why I don't hate you for that. What I hate you for is always being better than me. I've always been jealous of you. You're better than me at everything. You're captain, I'm flight navigator. I was teaching your classes when you were at star fleet but you're still higher up than me in every rank. I'm never good enough. I feel like, I have no one to make proud. But despite that fact, I wouldn't have made them proud." Jim considered what she'd said for a moment before reaching out and taking her hand. "You've made me proud. I might be captain, but the ship can function without me. You're flight navigator, without you the whole ship goes down. Or if you're not there to begin with then the ship's got nowhere to go. You are the purpose of this ship, Ella. You're the soul of it. You're the reason it survives. We can't be doing without you. You've made me so, so proud. You wanted to fight for the stars. Well look," he gestured to her window, to the blurred space around them. "You've made it Ella. You're amongst them. You rule them. You belong with the stars." Tears flowed down Ella's cheeks and without any warning she flung herself forward and her arms around his neck. She hugged him tightly and he hugged her back, she nestled her face into his shoulder and sobbed. "I only ever wanted to be good enough Jim." She whispered and he somehow heard her. "You're so much more than enough Ella. You practically invented the idea to never, never, never give up!" He felt her laughing and hugged her tighter. "And I'm also really happy for you and Bones," he added and she pulled back to give him a confused look. "According to Spock you guys are getting married." She looked at him silently for a moment, completely bewildered, before breaking out laughing. "No! How did he even come up with that?!" she laughed. "Apparently when you were in the tube he called down that he wanted you two to get married?" "Yeah I think Bones meant in like the future, not right now!" "That makes so much more sense. I need to have words with Spock about how literally he takes things." "That's probably a good idea. So when can I actually come back to work?" "Tomorrow." "Fantastic!" "I'm glad you think so!" "I do have one request. Actually a genuinely serious request." "As your captain, I'm listening." "Carol Marcus. I don't want to have anything to do with her anymore. I get that you can't keep her away from me all the time, but I don't want to work with her at all and I would rather she was kept away from me as much as possible." "Why?" Jim asked, she'd neglected to tell him about their conflicts. She used this as an opportunity to tell him as much as she could. "She didn't like the fact that I saved both hers and Bones' lives on that planet so she started taking it out on me. She got real bitter at me, we had an argument and she started giving her own judgement on my relationship with Bones. I sure as hell didn't appreciate that. And then she attacked me, and she told me that she'd brought someone aboard the ship. I don't know who and I don't know why but I don't want anything to do with her anymore. I don't want any unnecessary drama or whatever, just leave her alone and make her leave me alone?" Ella pleaded, she knew it was unprofessional and unlike her to snitch on her colleague but Marcus really was the exception. She hated her with everything. Jim considered her for a moment before nodding. "Done." He confirmed for her, "You won't have to work with her again, I promise. And I'll do my best to ensure she stays away from you in personal time as well. Do you have any clue who she might have brought aboard?" "No, I have no clue." Ella said, shaking her head. "Okay, I'll have words with her." "No, please! I don't want any trouble. Please don't talk to her, just leave it alone. Just keep her busy somewhere else and keep me busy at my station." "Oh since you've taken so much time off I'm keeping you extra busy!" "Wow thanks." "You're welcome." There was a knock at the door and Ella knew it was Bones for her half hourly check-up. "Come in!" she called and Jim stood. "I'll leave you two alone!" he said and left as Bones entered. "Hey," he greeted her, "I missed you in the fifteen minutes I was gone."
Chapter 27 – Perfectly The following weeks passed uneventfully and Ella kidded herself into believing that perhaps they would be alright, the perhaps things would be normal and everything had passed over them. She and Bones were happier than ever; she and Jim were getting back to the way they had once been; she was finally sorting herself out and building herself a family. Everything was going perfectly. "Ella," Jim leaned down and hissed into her ear one day on deck. She had been daydreaming about the shore leave they were due to have and half paying attention to their course in the hope of finding some new planet where they could take it. She wanted to go somewhere sunny, somewhere that had a relatively earth-like beach where she and Bones could sit on the sand and picnic by day and lie beneath the cool moon at night. She wanted something relatively normal. "What?" she snapped, straightening herself in her seat and blinking the daydream from her eyes. She couldn't let Jim see that she wasn't paying attention, he was still the captain of the ship and could still punish her should he see it as necessary. She was on her best behaviour. "I'm really sorry," he said and she narrowed her eyes at him. She turned her head and saw him looking at her genuinely apologetically. "Are you going to tell me what you're sorry for?" she asked him slowly after a pause and he took a deep breath before kneeling down beside her. "I need you to confer with Marcus." He said in a rush and put a hand over her mouth when she opened it to object loudly, he continued in the same rush. "I would send someone else but it really is your area of expertise and I can't spare anyone else right now because we're nowhere near any planet so I need everyone at their stations but you can put your map in and then go down and be back up in no time! Please Ella I really need you to do this." She raised an eyebrow and he didn't move his hand. Her eyes burned with temporary hatred for her brother but he knew that she would do it. "I need you to go and finalise the flight plans with her in terms of what weapons we need available, just to be safe. And what we need to take on shore leave when we go. Also while you're at it I need you to double check, hell even triple check, and see if there any planets nearby. The crew are getting really agitated, I know you're one of them. We all need a break." She raised her eyebrow again and he slowly removed his hand. She paused for a second before launching into her whine. He didn't bother to replace his hand because now everyone knew what was going on, people were trying hard not to look at them but were unable to stop themselves stealing glances. Spock was straight up staring at them. "Why can't you send Chekhov? Or Sulu?" she whined in a high-pitched tone and each of them glanced up at the mention of each of their names. "Because I need them here to work on their own stuff." "Why do I get the impression that you don't think I understand what other people do around here?" "Because I don't." "You're an asshole." "An asshole who will allow you and Bones to have the same shift on shore leave if you do this for me." "We get the same shifts and we get to go first." She bartered and he nodded, holding out his hand. "Thank you, Ella." He whispered and she shook his hand firmly for a second before returning to her work. Words couldn't describe how much she despised Carol Marcus and Jim had made her a promise that she wouldn't have to work with her, but she knew Jim wouldn't break this promise unless it was absolutely necessary. So she swallowed her hate and got on with her work. She went through the mapping data for their foreseeable course and charted up potential planets for shore leave, of course they would have to be investigated further when they got to them before they could even consider going down. Next she looked at any possible data that they already had on these planets, data that was incredibly limited. She was made to base her assumptions entirely on planets that they knew of that were similar in shape, size and atmosphere. She didn't necessarily have all the details all of the time. She knew that Marcus would pick up on this and it would infuriate her, she was doing her job the best she could. After she'd collected all the data she could she mapped out their course and locked it into place, passing the responsibility over to Sulu and noting down advice for Chekhov when they approached various obstacles. Collecting it all together she stood and turned, giving her brother an extra dirty glare as she left the bridge. She walked through the corridors, clutching her tablet in her hand as she made her way to Carol's office. She despised the woman so much, she wished that she could confer with anyone but her. She forced herself to make an internal promise to be civil and professional but she knew it would be difficult. "Carol, I've been asked to come and talk to you…" Ella said as she walked through the door into Carol's office. She knocked lightly as she walked through but didn't wait for an answer. Carol looked up sharply from behind her desk and stood up quickly, a look of shock and surprise on her face. There was a man sat opposite her with his back to Ella in the small room. She didn't recognise him at first and he wasn't wearing a star fleet uniform. She door slid shut behind her and Carol rushed to lock it. "Whoa!" Ella exclaimed, "What's going on?" "Well, I guess now's a good a time as ever." Carol said and the man stood and turned to face Ella with a wicked smile. At first Ella didn't recognise him, it took her a few moments to place his face, but when she did it took her by surprise. The last time she had seen Andrew Watson they had been dating, well the last time she'd seen him precisely he was drunk and had tried to hit her. He'd connected with a wall by the side of her head and had promptly collapsed to the floor and sobbed whilst Ella collected her things and left, she hadn't seen him since. It had been Andrew she'd been dating when she'd first met Bones, he had been the reason she hadn't wanted to date again. Despite his horrible nature he had the face of an angel. He was gorgeous and Ella felt the familiar flutter she'd always felt when she looked into his bright blue eyes and laid her own eyes upon his blonde curls. He didn't have a thuggish appearance but he was well built, she was all too aware of his muscles, she was all too aware of his body altogether. He gave her one of his perfect smiles and she was almost tempted to smile back before she pulled herself together. Shock rooted her to the spot and her mouth gaped. She took a deep breath and swallowed, trying to collect herself. "What are you doing here Andrew? How the hell did you get on board?" she asked, she wanted to sound confident but her voice came out in a whisper. "Oh I was just milling around before the ship left. Carol spotted me and I stowed away." He had a British accent like Carol's, Ella had forgotten how good his voice sounded; it was like velvet. "You've been in here for months?" she asked in disbelief and he laughed his charming laugh. Her heart skipped a beat, in fear or due to an old crush she wasn't sure. "Yes, Carol's been taking good care of me." he smiled and she suddenly felt the need to sit down. "I must say I'm impressed." She said, her voice a little louder. Carol hung in the background looking sheepish, she looked unsure that this was the way she'd thought the reunion would go. Somehow this fuelled Ella's confidence, knowing that she was doing the opposite of what Carol wanted made her want to laugh, so she did. Andrew joined her. "I'm happy you're glad to see me again, Ella." Andrew said and took a step forward, Ella took a step back. "That's not how I would put it." She said shaking her head and still laughing. "You see I came here with the intention of us getting back together. I have missed you so." He said in his velvet voice and she laughed harder. "There is no way of that happening!" she laughed. "Why not? We were good together, we still would be." he said taking another step towards her and she took another step back, it was like an odd dance. "Well because you were an asshole, and also I'm with someone else. I'm happy." She said, finally allowing her laughter to subside. "Andrew's not the only one here." Carol said quickly from behind Andrew who took another step forward and Ella took a step back to find the wall connecting with her back. "If you tell me Kahn's on board then I'm going to start laughing again." Ella commented and Carol looked crestfallen, "What was your idea here, Marcus? A reunion of all the messed up guys I've dated? Well it's not going to happen Andrew, sorry for wasting your time, but I do have to report you to the captain." "It's not Kahn." Carol said, almost to herself as she looked at the floor, embarrassed with herself for trying to input into the conversation. Andrew moved suddenly, he darted forward and slammed his hands either side of Ella's head causing her to jump and drop her tablet. She looked into his eyes, afraid for the first time, and saw the familiar burning rage that consumed him. She knew that this wasn't going to end prettily. Once again she was in trouble. A/N: I would just like to apologise for the long delay in updates, over the past few months I prepared for and completed NaNoWriMo so all my fics took a bit of a backseat. Thank you for sticking with me throughout this period and I aim to upload a lot over the next couple of months especially to deal with the backlog/ make up for it. Thank you!
I Will Fight For the Stars Chapter 28 Ella took a deep breath and tried to clear her head, she knew she needed to gain the upper hand in the conversation but she couldn't work out how. She refused to break eye contact with Andrew as he had her pressed to the wall, she just needed some space. So she pretended that she had all the space she needed. She imagined she was sailing on a boat, an old rickety one, on an ocean as blue as Andrew's eyes. "What, no snarky smart reply?" Andrew asked her, scoffing slightly and she plucked up her courage. "Give me a second I'm working on it." She wanted her words to come out strong and she wanted to give him the impression that she was sure of herself, really she had no clue what she was doing. Her voice came out in little more than a whisper. "Don't bother sweetheart." He grinned and moved back. She finally felt like she could breathe again and so she began to relax slightly, and she gained some of her trustworthy confidence again. "What the hell do you even want from me? What can you gain from being aboard this ship?" Ella asked him forcefully and he turned to look at her with a raised eyebrow. It took her a moment to realise he was bemused and mocking her. He was looking down on her and it made her uncomfortable, she looked down at the floor for the first time and regretted it instantly as she could almost feel his triumph washing over her in a wave. "All in good time sweetie. But for now I'm just going to keep a low profile I promise. You're going to help me. You're not going to tell anyone that I'm here you understand? You've got to keep this secret for me. I'm trusting you with this incredibly huge, important secret." He said in his smooth voice and she knew that she needed to refuse immediately. He was using an old trick he'd used on her when they had been together, he would trick her into feeling important when in actuality he was treating her like nothing better than the dirt underneath his feet. It made her feel worthy of his love, it made her feel like she owed him everything. But she knew now that she owed him nothing, that he had made her life miserable and she held the right to refuse him anything. "No." she said firmly, looking back up to meet his eye. The atmosphere in the room changed almost instantly as Andrew stiffened and stood up a little straighter. His domineering, triumphant smile fell and he looked at her with nothing more than cold, hard anger. Her heart beat in her chest in a way that she couldn't control but she fought to keep her breathing slow and steady. She didn't want to betray any fear to him. "Yes Ella. You're going to help Me." he confirmed, smirking slightly as he tried to persuade her that this was actually going to happen but she just shook her head. He paused for a moment before scoffing quietly. "Okay." He laughed bitterly. "Carol, what's his name again?" he asked her and his eyes flitted to Marcus who was watching the whole exchange with a slight regret that she had invited the man on board. Carol knew that she shouldn't tell Andrew the name he wanted, that it could get a man hurt that she had no intention to hurt. She didn't want to hurt McCoy, she just wanted to get back at Ella. Suddenly she felt like things were much more out of hand than she had originally realised. "Doctor Leonard McCoy." She said quietly before she could stop herself. Despite everything, Andrew still scared her much more than Ella. But she could see that Ella was frightened of this man, and she knew that if Ella was then it was right to be. "We don't want Doctor Leonard McCoy to get hurt do we?" Andrew asked Ella who shot a hateful glare at Marcus before her eyes connected with Andrew's again. "Alright fine. But you stay away from Bones okay?" she pleaded and Marcus was suddenly very afraid. If Ella was pleading with this man then that meant he was dangerous. "Of course, I won't harm him if you continue to help me." Andrew smiled, once again radiating coolness and triumph. "Now run along." He said and Ella bent gently and picked up her tablet before going for the door. Before she got there she stopped where Carol was stood. "You have no idea what you've done." She whispered hastily before leaving the cabin quickly. She walked briskly through the corridors and back to the bridge. She kept trying to think of an excuse to give Jim as to why she hadn't done as he'd asked but every time her mind wandered back to the potential threat that Andrew was on both her and Bones on this ship. Fear thumped through her heart in an erratic beat and her breathing quickened. She suddenly felt nauseous and had to dive into a nearby bathroom to retch. She couldn't produce anything and instead just found herself sitting in the stall, leaning against the wall and shaking violently. She couldn't bring herself to move for another twenty minutes. When she finally did she slowly made her way back to the bridge, the initial shock of seeing Andrew again for the first time in years finally wearing off and the grim acceptance that she had no choice to do anything but his will set in. Upon entering the bridge Jim jumped up and walked over to her. "Hey, I'm so sorry again. Did you get what I asked for?" he asked and she shook her head, she didn't stop walking until she reached her seat where she took over her controls again and let her mind focus on the work. "Why not?" Ella?" Jim asked sternly. He knew he was her brother and he was unused to seeing her like this but he was her captain at that moment. "Doctor Marcus was in a meeting. She couldn't talk to me." Ella replied quietly. "Then what took you forty five minutes?" Jim asked. "I didn't feel well." She replied. Jim suddenly put a hand to her forehead and she made no move to bat him away. This confirmed Jim's worry which was only amplified as he felt her forehead. "You're burning up." He said before placing a hand on her shoulder. "Ella go back to your cabin and I'll have Bones come and see you. Take a day off. You're not well." "But Jim…" she began to protest but he raised an eyebrow. "That's an order." He said firmly and she paused for a moment before sighing and nodding in defeat. "Alright. But don't worry about Bones I can take care of myself." She replied quietly before getting up and leaving. "Chekhov, Sulu…" Jim began and they both turned to look at him. "You spend a lot of time with her. You ever seen her like this? She seem ill this morning?" "Honestly? No sir, she's been fine all day." Sulu replied and Chekhov nodded in agreement. "Alright, thank you." Jim nodded before turning and walking back to his chair. As he sat down he wondered what could be bothering his little sister so badly.
Chapter 29 As the captain of the ship, Jim had slightly different shifts to everyone else so when it came to the switchover he was still on duty and there to keep an eye on everything. Whilst his regular crew worked from nine in the morning to nine at night, he worked from six to twelve at night and then eight to two during the day. It was a strange way of living but it meant that he was always there to greet his day shift crew and say goodnight to them. He often found himself working overtime anyway, he was getting used to surviving on much less sleep. it also meant that when a crew member was unwell and unable to make it into work that day he knew about it and was able to make a mental note to check in on them, he did his best to check up with every single crew member who was unable to make their shift; he wanted all his crew to know that he cared about them all as individual people and not just as his workers. Because of this he knew that Ella called in sick every single day for the week following when he'd sent her back to her cabin. She never gave specifics, she just said she wasn't able to come to the bridge and didn't want to make anyone else sick. She was never sure when she would be able to return. Jim never received these messages firsthand, they were always delivered to him by another member of the bridge with a sad, sympathetic smile or a cold tone. People were starting to resent that Jim was allowing her to stay away without medical advice as she'd refused it. On the seventh day, however, when Sulu and Chekhov arrived and found she wasn't joining them and seemed incredibly disheartened, Jim decided that something needed to be done. Bones, he would know what was wrong. He always knew what was wrong with Ella, even if she didn't tell him he was able to guess with an alarming rate of accuracy. Jim supposed that was what happened when two people were in a long term relationship. He didn't have that kind of experience. But he decided to utilise relationship that they had and called up the medical bay to converse with his friend. "Bones?" He called and Bones replied within a matter of seconds. "Jim?" He replied and Jim smiled, he secretly liked the lack of respect his friend showed him. It reminded him that they were still friends and his status would never change that. "You busy?" He asked and Bones sighed. "Just about to start my shift. Why?" "I'm coming down to visit. I need to talk to you in private. I'll be there in a few." He informed him and listened for Bones' confirmation of understanding before passing over the command to Sulu and leaving the bridge. He walked through the corridors, largely ignored by most of the ship mates out of respect. He wasn't sure if he liked it or not, he thought he did. It meant people didn't bug him. He got to the medical bay and sighed as he walked through, he found Bones checking over a middle aged man from engineering who had got his hand caught in some machinery but Bones told him that the damage wasn't too significant and he would be able to return to work within a couple of days. Once he was done he crossed over to Jim who was waiting at his desk. He sat down and began to input the data into the computer to update various medical records. "What's up Jim?" He asked and Jim leaned against the desk, fighting the urge to pick something up and play with it whilst he spoke. He knew it would annoy Bones. "When did you last speak to Ella?" He asked and Bones stopped in his tracks. His expression changed from one of disdain at being kept from his work to one of grim realisation. "About a week ago. Why?" He asked, trying to return to work but he was very clearly distracted now and struggling not to give Jim his full attention. "I'm worried about her. She's called in sick to work every day for the past week. I sent her to her cabin for rest because she had a temperature but every time I've suggested she come here for a medical examination she tells me that she doesn't want to cause a fuss. But it's been a week and she needs to make an effort to get better. I need her back. She's the best bet to find a planet for shore leave. I was hoping that you knew what was wrong." Jim explained and Bones had stopped by now. He was looking at him with curiosity and intrigue. "I don't know. But under the codes, if the captain is worried about the wellbeing of any officer or crew member then he has the right to override their wishes and demand a medical exam. We can go and visit her and maybe try and get her to open up? I can check her over." Bones suggested. Discarding the incomplete medical records and stacking them away in a drawer to be completed at a later time. "Are you sure? I don't want to distract you from anything important." Jim said and Bones shrugged. "It can wait, and I can enlist a nurse to help me out if necessary." Bones justified himself as he stood and picked up his medical kit. "I also don't want to anger Ella." Jim said quietly and Bones nodded with a slight smile. "She scares me a little sometimes too. But this is important Jim. If she's really sick then we need to know and help her." Bones said sternly and Jim nodded. "You're right. I'm gonna at least give her some warning though." He said and crossed over to the communicator on the computer. He keyed in Ella's room and clicked on it, it gave the tone to signal it was ready and he held down the button. "Ella, this is Jim. Bones and I are coming to visit. We need to know you're alright." Jim spoke clearly into the communicator and waited for a response. When there was nothing he clicked it off and crossed back to Bones, gesturing for them to leave. The pair of them walked through the corridors together, crossing to Ella's room. They stood outside her door for a few moments, neither of them wanting to be the one to invade her privacy and incur her wrath. Neither of them having the courage to discover the truth. Eventually it was Jim who raised his fist and knocked clearly on the door a couple of times. "Ella, we're coming in." He called and waited for a response or protestation, he was really happy with anything. When they heard nothing again Jim nodded to Bones and together, they opened the door. It slid to the left and they entered, stopping and allowing the door to slide back into place behind them. Ella was barely visible, only her head was above a blanket which was wrapped tightly around her as she sat curled into a ball in the corner of her bed, staring out the window and barely even noticing their presence. Her forehead was leaned against the window and she was backed as far into the corner as she possibly could be. She didn't even look at them when they entered, she kept her eyes fixed on the warp stream as it flew past her window, the blurred stars defining her face all the more. "Ella I know you've refused medical treatment so far but it's been a week now and we need to check that you're alright. I brought Bones. He's going to check you over." Jim told her as the two men slowly walked towards the bed. She didn't turn, she didn't speak, she just kept staring at the stars and the dark. As he got closer Jim noticed that her face was pale and gaunt, her eyes were red like she'd been crying or rubbing them a lot. Her hair was pulled back in her usual clip on the back of her head, half up and half down but it seemed to lose some of its usual bounce, instead the curls seemed frizzy and untamed. She didn't look like the sister he'd known for so long, she looked like a ghost of someone. She was definitely sick, he just needed Bones to work out what was wrong with her. "Ella, can I examine you? You certainly don't look great." Bones spoke softly as he overtook Jim and sat down on the bed. Jim remained stood besides him. Ella didn't turn again, she seemed entranced by the darkness in the distance. "Ella?" Bones said again, raising his voice slightly and she turned suddenly as if only noticing them for the first time. She nodded silently and Bones took out some medical instruments and began to examine her. She did as he asked wordlessly and without protestation. There was a silence as he examined her, once he was done he gestured to Jim and the pair of them crossed to the other side of the room as Ella resumed her position in the corner of the bed and wrapped herself up in her blanket again. "What's wrong with her?" Jim asked Bones who looked pale. "Nothing. Not anything like a sickness." Bones explained and Jim was confused. "Bones I'm no doctor but even I can see that she's sick." Jim said, raising his voice slightly before glancing over at Ella and lowering his voice again. "There has to be something. The only other time I've seen her like this was when…. It was when her dad was abusing her. He used to treat her awfully and then threaten her and make her lie to our mom. That's all I can think of when she's been like this." "Maybe she's experiencing memories of that time? All I can think is that her sickness is a side effect of some kind of stress. But you say it came on very quickly? There must have been a trigger that's still having an effect on her." Bones suggested. "Maybe we can get her to tell us then we can help?" "Yeah good idea." Jim said and the pair of them walked back over to Ella. "Ella, is something stressing you out?" Jim asked and thought back to a week previously when he'd first noticed the change in her. "Wait, was this Marcus? Did she say something to you?" Ella shook her head slowly but didn't move her eyes from the stars. "Ella please, there's something wrong you have to tell me." Jim pleaded. "You gonna order me, captain?" She replied in a broken voice with a bitterness Jim was frightened of. He sighed and knew that she didn't want him there and whilst he was, it was unlikely she would say anything. "I'm gonna go, Bones maybe you can get through to her." He spoke aside to Bones quietly before leaving the cabin. Bones stood there quietly for a few moments and there was an uncomfortable silence between them. She didn't move her eyes from the darkness and was eerily still. He slowly packed up his medical things and then sat on the bed where he'd sat before. "Ella, please talk to me. I'm so scared for you. I can tell that you're stressed about something and I wanna help. I can help you know I can but you need to talk to me. Please, I love you and I hate to see you like this. I'm begging you to trust me." He pleaded and reached out to touch her. Without even looking she shied away from him and he froze in sudden sadness. He wanted to cry, she seemed to be scared of him. "Can you leave please." She requested quietly and he sat there for a few moments before standing and walking away. There was no point staying and only running the risk of upsetting her. He left without another word and the moment the door slid shut behind him Ella's eyes glassed over and her tears blurred the stars outside her window. … A/N: My God I've forgotten how much I love this story! Ironically compared to usual this chapter was much longer than I intended it to be so I hope you enjoy it! Apologies for the massive delay in updates but I have just re-discovered my love for Bones and Ella (nothing to do with the new Star Trek trailer at all)!
Chapter 30 There was something very wrong aboard his ship and Jim didn't like it. He sighed as he walked through the corridors in the direction of his cabin, all he knew was that he needed a good night's sleep. Even the atmosphere of the crew seemed to be on edge, everyone could sense that something was wrong but no one was offering any ideas or solutions. He sighed again as he approached his cabin and he let himself in. As he walked through the door he didn't notice anything out of the ordinary, he was too tired to notice anything, his sole thought was of flopping down on his bed and snoring his way into oblivion. But as the door slid shut behind him he suddenly came to a shocking realisation. Sat on his bed, where he had hoped to have collapsed into a dreamless sleep, sat a man. He was better groomed than he had been last time Jim had seen him. His hair was still long and slightly shaggy but it had been recently washed and wasn't greasy, it held an air of sophistication. His facial hair was also well groomed and neat but his face was noticeably older than he had been once before. Somehow the creases and lines only seemed to add to his rugged handsomeness and his eyes sparkled with what could easily be mistaken for boyish charm. He had lost weight too but toned it well, he looked handsome, he looked attractive; Jim could see what his mother had seen in him. His step-father stood up and smiled at him as Jim froze in place. His brain was suddenly racing with what was the most important thing to do. He needed to call security and get this man thrown in the brig immediately, he was a trespasser. He also needed to get to Ella and assure her that she was safe, he had to protect her the way he'd done for so long. But there was so much running through his head and so many conflicting plans that he was frozen, he couldn't do a thing. 'Hello Jim.' His step-father smiled at him and his voice was soft and gravelly. Jim despised it as much as he despised absolutely everything else about this man. 'What are you doing here? How did you get on board?' Jim asked, his voice was too quiet but the anger was still clearly there. He was not afraid of this man, he despised him more than anything else in the entire galaxy. 'I thought that you would be happy to see me.' He groaned with a pout. 'Oh I am Frank, because now I get the pleasure of having you thrown into the tiniest, grottiest little cell we have and watching you rot there for the next five years.' Jim smiled as he crossed to the communicator on the wall by his bed and made to call security. 'You see I personally don't think that calling security is such a good idea. You don't want to haul my ass out of here when I'm not alone.' Frank smiled at Jim and he stopped suddenly. He knew that he needed to confine this man away so he couldn't hurt anyone but he also needed to know everything, and he wouldn't tell him a thing if he locked him up. 'You're not alone? There are more stowaways on board?' He asked, turning to face him again. 'Someone Ellarosa used to love dearly. Where is my little princess anyway? I thought she would be here with you, you two always were inseparable.' Frank asked, looking around as if Ella had been there the whole time, hiding in the corner. 'If you've hurt her…' Jim began angrily as he took a step towards his step-father, he surprised him by taking a step towards him as well. 'I haven't even seen her. Although I would love to. You see she was my little girl, and after your brother left she was all I had. We grew very close after you abandoned her too, she had no one else.' Frank said and Jim had to restrain himself from attacking him. 'I didn't abandon her…' 'Of course you did. One minute you were there and the next you were gone. Do you know how much she cried? How she gave up? She practically became my own personal little slave, she did everything for me. Until she ran away too, I only want to thank her, and then punish her for leaving me.' Frank explained coolly. 'You won't see her. She'll never even know you're here.' Jim swore, anger swelling inside of him and expanding with every passing second. 'Won't she? You see, you're not going to stop me from walking out of here. I'll make you a deal, I won't go near her until our family reunion if you let me walk out of here. She probably has enough on her plate anyway. Like I said, I'm not alone.' He smiled and sighed with a shrug as he made for the door. 'I just wanted to say hello.' He called over his shoulder and Jim stepped towards him again. 'How did you get on board?' He demanded again, 'And who else is on board with you? Who else is causing Ella pain?' 'You have someone you trust who you shouldn't. I'll let your paranoia deduce the rest.' Frank replied dismissively with a flick of his wrist as he reached the door. 'Frank, you won't get away with terrorising people on this ship, I am the captain and I will protect every single member of my crew. What's to stop me from calling security and organising a man hunt for you before hauling your ass to the brig?' Jim said heatedly and Frank turned around slowly to face him. The sparkle in his eyes was gone and now they were hard and cold. 'Because of Ellarosa. You care about that little whore way too much. And if you do that then my friends will make sure she sees a sticky end. They really won't mind, in fact, I think they'll enjoy it.' He said coldly and Jim's breath caught in his throat. He wasn't afraid for himself but he didn't doubt that Frank would do everything he could to hurt Ella and he couldn't allow that to happen. 'I wouldn't test me son.' Frank continued, 'I wouldn't tell Ella I'm here either, not until I decide the time is right. It's just like the old days, I am in charge here. We don't want to scare the precious little princess after all, do we?' He asked and Jim stared back at him coldly. 'That wasn't rhetorical James.' Frank said and Jim sighed. 'No. I won't scare her. But I will see to it that you do not get your way. This is my ship. I am in charge here.' He glowered and Frank chuckled darkly. 'That's what you think.' He grinned as he left the cabin. Jim sat down heavily on the bed, his mind racing and abolishing any possibility for sleep. He ran a hand through his hair and tried to think clearly about the best way to let things happen. Perhaps that was the best way, to just let things play out the way they were meant to and then go from there. There was only one thing he was entirely certain of, he would not let his step-father win at all. He would prove to him that he was a different man to the scrawny teenager he had once been. He would protect every single person, but he did wonder, who would protect him? … A/N: To create the character of Frank I took the role of the step-father and combined it with the character of the abusive uncle who was originally intended to be in the first reboot film. The name of the uncle was Frank hence the name and the character of the step-father had obviously already been established earlier in the story. Apologies for the delayed updates as usual but college work is tough and there is a lot of it. Updates are likely to be relatively infrequent but this is one of my favourite stories so I will update it whenever I can. I thank you for your patience.
Chapter 31 Since Ella had shied away from him, Bones had found himself unable to return to his cabin. He remained in the medical bay, occupying himself with work and trying to ignore all the feelings of worry and panic inside of him; the feelings which he could feel festering and spreading throughout him like a disease. He had never seen Ella like that before, she wasn't just afraid, she was withdrawn and making herself unwell. She was putting herself at risk through her behaviour and that wasn't something that Bones could abide for any member of the crew let alone for the woman he loved, he had to be able to help. Today he was preoccupying himself with some roots and leaves that had been picked up by a small team which had travelled down to a small, lush moon that hadn't been deemed safe. Bones, however, had grown convinced that these roots and leaves could be combined and added with some other ingredients to create some kind of experimental medicine. He didn't have much else to do to entertain himself, there weren't many patients and there were other doctors to care for them. Besides, he needed to put off the paperwork, otherwise people might begin to doubt if he was a real chief after all. Jim was a real chief, Bones observed as the captain himself strode into the medical bay and caused Bones to look up from his examination and watch his friend stride towards him. He conducted such authority and power, something Bones tried to administer but he was too friendly with the others, they respected him, but not in the same way they respected Jim. He knew that his colleagues would always follow his orders but it was more out of necessity, he had the title and the more advanced skills, he wasn't really a leader. He didn't want to be, he just wanted a quiet five years entertaining Ella in space, why was that so much to ask? Jim made a beeline through the nurses and patients straight to Bones who smiled to greet him. The smile dropped once he got a better look at Jim's face. He knew the look that his friend was wearing, he'd not seen him wear it often before but when he had it meant that something serious was happening. It meant that someone was in trouble and the captain was in need of help to deal out this justice. Bones stood and studied his friends face further, his own turning into a mirrored expression. He looked stern, his stride was deliberate and angry, there was no fear in his features, he was stony and serious as he would be when dealing with a trouble maker. But there was fear in his eyes; any other person might miss it but Bones had been friends with him for too long, he knew that look of fear in his eyes and he knew that whatever the situation was, it was more serious than just some trouble maker. 'Bones.' Jim greeted him coolly and Bones nodded in response. 'I assume this isn't a social call.' He responded and detected a hint of a smile on his friend's lips. He nearly smiled himself, he only ever wanted to alleviate others pain, whether that was physical or psychological. If Jim was in pain then it was his job as a doctor to help. 'I wish it were, I feel like we don't get enough of those anymore.' Jim said sadly and Bones nodded. 'So what can I help you with?' Bones asked, he didn't know if Jim needed business or personal Leonard right now so he went for something in the middle. 'I don't know what to do,' Jim told him, suddenly exasperated and Bones nodded, 'is there somewhere private we can talk?' Wordlessly, Bones took Jim's arm and gently led him through the medical bay. Through the long room, most of the beds were empty and it seemed eerie. They walked right to the end of the bay, there were no patients for another twenty feet and that one was asleep and had been for three days, there was no chance of them overhearing. 'Tell me what's wrong?' Bones almost instructed him but he used the gentlest tone he could muster. He was worried about his friend and captain; he'd not seen him in this way in a long time. 'I'm confused, and I'm scared.' Jim told him bluntly and Bones made a point not to react, if Jim was scared he needed his confidante to be a rock at that moment. 'Let's start with the scared. What are you scared of?' Bones asked and Jim pinched the bridge of his nose. 'It's not a what it's a who.' He told him and Bones shrugged wordlessly, waiting for him to go on. He crossed his arms and gave him a stern look, he needed him to open up if he was possibly going to help. 'My step-father, Ella's dad.' Jim said plainly and Bones fought not to show any emotion. Of course Ella had told him about that man and the things he did, Bones hated him as much as his children. 'What about him? He's back on Earth, we're in space.' Bones said and Jim shook his head. 'He's stowed away, he's on board. I can't talk to Ella about this that's why I'm confused. I don't know what to do. He threatened Ella if I put him away, I can't let anything happen to her Bones she's already in such a bad way.' Something clicked and Jim appeared to be having some kind of epiphany. 'She must know he's here...' Bones said but Jim shook his head. 'No, I don't think she does. But I think this is something to do with why she's acting so strange. Listen, I have an idea, but I need you to go talk to Ella okay?' Jim asked as they began walking quickly up the medical bay again, back to the populated area. 'Are you sure that's a good idea Jim? Last time I tried to talk to her she practically pushed me away.' Bones said and Jim turned to face him and stopped. He clapped him on the shoulder and smiled the cheeky smile he usually wore. 'Bones, if anyone can put her in a good mood it's you.' He assured him before taking off quickly; Bones couldn't say anything to stop him. 'I guess so...' Bones muttered to himself before informing his second in command that he was leaving him in charge. He walked through the winding corridors in the direction of Ella's cabin, a route that was so familiar and yet felt so strange and jumbled. Every corner he expected to find something that he wasn't used to. There was something different in the air, some different smell, some misplaced screw. He took a deep breath and forced himself to stop being as ridiculous as he reached Ella's cabin. He knocked gently to no response so he sighed and tried calling out. 'Ella, please can I come in?' He asked and knocked again. There was a pause but he thought he heard movement behind the door. 'Ella,' he tried again and leant against the door frame with his arm, his head bowed. 'Please let me in I just want to talk to you. Jim sent me. Not that I didn't want to talk to you before Jim asked me to I just... Please can we talk?' The door opened to reveal Ella looking slightly perkier than the last time he'd seen her. There was a slight smile on her pale lips, but she was still clearly unwell. She was too skinny, Bones didn't like it, and he wanted to admit her immediately just to ensure she ate. But he knew he couldn't do that. 'You're such an idiot.' She smiled and turned around, walking into the room. Bones followed her and the door slid shut behind him. Ella collapsed back onto her bed which was a mess of sheets and blankets the matched her slobbish appearance. Her hair was tied up into a messy bun and she wore an oversized shirt with baggy pyjama pants. Her feet were bare and her toenail varnish was chipped. She never usually let it chip; she told him it was a matter of pride. 'I'm glad you're talking today.' Bones smiled as he walked into the room. 'What can I say? I'm in a chatty mood.' Ella said as she crossed her legs and looked up at him expectantly. 'Now what is this message from our excellent leader?' Bones could see that she was in such a good mood and it broke his heart to know that he would potentially ruin this mood; he would potentially bring her down again when she seemed to be in such good spirits. 'It's about something pretty serious.' Bones said as he sat down next to her. 'I'm a big girl, I can take it. If it's about me coming back to work I'm feeling okay now, I'm thinking that with your approval I can get back by next week.' She said and he gave her a weak smile. She was so brave and trying to be strong, he hated that he had to be the one to shatter it. 'Ella, Jim encountered a stowaway on board.' Bones said slowly, not taking his eyes off of Ella's face. It froze immediately and he felt her cheeriness evaporate in an instant, she returned immediately to being the frightened, cut-off girl he'd seen previously. She didn't say anything in response so he thought it was probably best to just admit everything to her now. 'Ella your dad's on board the ship and he spoke to him. But I think he has a plan, he can't just throw him in the brig because apparently he threatened you and all Jim wants to do it protect you. We both do.' He explained calmly but with every word Ella's breathing quickened until she was hyperventilating and backing away from him, she flattened against the wall and clutched at her knees. Her eyes were wide and unseeing; she was completely transfixed in her own state of panic. 'Ella?' He asked calmly and reached out to place a hand on her arm. The second he made contact she screamed and lashed out at him causing him to jump up in alarm. 'Get out!' she screamed. 'Leave! Please!' She cried over and over as he slowly backed away. He'd seen people like this before and he knew there was nothing he could do to calm her until she calmed herself. Trying to help her would only aggravate her more. But still it broke his heart to see her crying and struggling, he wanted to help but there was nothing he could do. He silently left and leant against the door, he felt the pain in his chest of his heartbreak as he heard her beginning to sob uncontrollably behind the door.
Chapter 32 There was something about the way the stars rushed away from her that captivated Ella more than anything had before. It wasn't that she found it difficult to find things interesting, just this in particular completely consumed her mind and took over everything within her. She lost track of time as they sailed past her cabin window, the heat of the blanket around her was forgotten and the pain in her head disappeared. There was nothing that could pull her from her fascination. She needed this distraction now more than ever. Knowing that Andrew was on board the Enterprise had meant that her past was catching up to her and threatening everything she had, but to know that her father was also on board meant that it was no longer threatening her, it was launching its attack. The only way she thought there was to protect the ones she loved was to cut herself off from her work, to cut herself off from everybody and everything. She barely ate, she could sip only a little water at a time, she was growing weaker by the second but it felt so out of her control that she could do nothing to alter it. She couldn't sleep, every time she closed her eyes her mind was consumed with the images of Andrew and her father and the atrocities that they had subjected her to all those years ago. What had once been her life became her nightmares and she didn't care to return to them, real or not. The stress of knowing that they were there ate away at her like a rodent chewing through her from the inside out. Whenever she remembered that one of them could enter her cabin at any moment, she felt sick and her breathing quickened; she struggled to regain control of herself and it took clutching the blanket tighter around her and pressing her face up against the window to stare out at the blurred stars. There was nothing else to calm her but the endless void of space, just outside of her window. Ella wasn't suicidal, she would never dare to think like that when she was so grateful of everything she had. But sometimes she desperately wanted to find some way of smashing the glass of her window and just allowing the vacuum to suck the life from her and pull her out into the abyss. She wanted to fly among the stars with no restrictions, she hated feeling so confined on this tiny vessel, she needed space, and she needed freedom. She needed shore leave. She knew that as soon as she helped to find a planet for them to take a break on then she could fix everything. It suddenly dawned on her. There was no way that either of the stowaways could make it down to the planet without being detected so they would be forced to remain on the ship. Then, whilst they were down on the planet safely, Ella and Jim and Bones and all of them could put together a plan to ambush them on their return and get rid of them once and for all. It was a genius plan. But there was nothing that Ella could do to aid it from the confines of her cabin. She made the decision right that second that no matter how much it hurt, she had to return to work and begin to find a planet. She threw the blanket to the side and as she moved she was hit with the stench of her own odour, she wrinkled her nose and decided that the first step was to shower. She stepped through to the bathroom she shared with Uhura and switched on the shower before she stripped off her crumpled clothes, reminding herself that she really needed to wash them. She showered, taking her time and allowing herself to enjoy the feeling of the water running over her and through her hair. It washed away some of her worries, some of her stress and anxiety, she allowed it to. When she was done she towel dried herself quickly and pulled her hair up into a tight French braid across and around her head to fall down her left shoulder. She brushed her teeth and sprayed deodorant under her arms to try and give herself a bit of a nicer smell after all. Carefully, she pulled on her uniform and decided that she would go to the bridge at that moment and demand to be put straight to work. She looked at herself in the mirror and smiled, for the first time in a long time, she looked and felt like Ellarosa Kirk again. As she applied her minimal make up there was a knock at the door, it was confident and she assumed that it must be Jim. That was good, she would rather explain herself to him and apologise in private as opposed to creating some public spectacle. 'Come in,' she called and put down her make-up, finished anyway. But it wasn't Jim. The door slid open slowly and Andrew walked in, Ella froze in place and the door shut behind him. 'You look nice.' He commented brightly with a smile and Ella swallowed. 'What do you want?' She demanded and he chuckled, sliding his hands into his pockets. 'I can't pay my favourite person a visit?' He asked innocently and she felt anger bubbling up inside of her. 'Are you here with my father?' She asked heatedly and he looked at her with a wicked smile. 'So the secret's out is it? The whole operation's been blown.' He sighed and shook his head, 'Such a shame, I know he wanted to come let you know he was here himself. I guess Jim just can't keep things to himself.' 'What do you want?' She repeated in a firmer tone and he pouted playfully. 'I'm just here to make some amendments to our story.' He said and when she waited for him to explain himself he laughed and removed his hands from his pockets, sauntering towards her slowly. 'I've been doing some digging,' he continued, 'and I've learned about a certain Doctor McCoy, someone you seem to have some connection with? I don't know, I don't really care what you think of him all I do care about is... You. Well, you and me to be more precise. You're going to end whatever little game you're playing with the good doctor so that you and I can continue our narrative without interruptions.' 'No.' Ella said firmly, she wasn't afraid of him anymore. She didn't care what he did to her because she knew that whatever he did, Bones, Jim and probably a fair few of the other members of the crew, would avenge. 'Ella, sweetie,' Andrew laughed dangerously, 'it's really not a good idea to defy me.' 'I don't care. Do whatever the hell you want to me, I do not care. But I do care about Bones and I will not hurt him to gratify your sick, twisted fantasy game thing. I don't even care, I won't hurt him.' She said, it was strange, she genuinely didn't feel afraid of Andrew. She stood there, defiant, right in his face and she didn't care what he did, she would fight back with everything she had to protect Bones, she loved him too much. 'Wrong answer Ella.' Andrew said quietly before suddenly lunging forward and grabbing Ella by the neck. She cried out as he turned her and slammed her head against the mirror and it smashed, she felt the cool trickle of blood running down her face but didn't have time to react before he turned her back to face him and slammed her back against the mirror, he didn't relinquish his grip from around her throat. Ella was aware of his fingers tightening around her throat and the way that she just had enough breath to remain conscious but not enough for her to comfortable, she gasped for air and clawed at his hand but he simply sneered in her face. 'Now, Ella. I know you just said that you didn't care what I did to you, you would never hurt your precious boyfriend. But this is just a taste of the pain I will cause, and I won't just cause it on you. Of course this won't be a onetime thing, I will continue to hurt you and threaten you until either you give into my demands or I accidentally kill you. But as for, what was his name? Bones? As for doctor McCoy, I won't toy around with him, I will straight up kill him.' He told her slowly and she froze and stopped clawing at him. She glared at him, her eyes fiery with hate and anger boiling inside of her hotter than she could handle, it threatened to burst. 'So, there's my part finished for now. By the look of things you're going to need the medical bay so you better toddle off and kiss goodbye to your sweet doctor. Ella, I will know whether you've done it, and if you don't, I will kill him. Don't doubt me.' He said, tightening his fingers around her neck so she couldn't breathe at all. Panic set in as she fought for breath and the room went fuzzy. Andrew chuckled darkly before releasing her and sauntering back towards the door. 'I'd get it done sooner rather than later.' He called over his shoulder before he left, the door sliding shut behind him. Ella slid slowly to the floor amongst the shards of glass and tried to catch her breath. No tears threatened, no panic set in, no stress seemed to overwhelm her. She was past all of that now, her head was clear and she knew what had to be done. She observed her arm where a shard of glass was embedded and judging by the pain her back she assumed she must have taken some damage there. Before heading to the medical bay she knew she needed to think through about the best way to tackle this task. She walked back through to the bathroom and ignored the dripping of the blood onto the bathroom floor, vowing to apologise to Nyota later and clean it up herself. She observed her head wound in the mirror and cursed Andrew. It was along her hairline so would be easily concealed, as would the scar, but it would need stitches. She sighed and clasped at her injured arm, limping slightly and gritting her teeth through the pain, she decided that she needed to play along with Andrew's requests for the time being. But she didn't trust Andrew not to have spies around, it had to be genuine. She sighed as she began the long, limping trip to the medical bay; she had no choice, in order to protect him it had to be real. She had to break up with Bones.
Chapter 33 She ensured that when she arrived in the medical bay no fuss was made. No questions were asked and she sat quietly on a bed whilst she waited to be seen by the next available doctor. Part of her prayed that it wouldn't be Bones, that he would be busy with some other patient and she could put off her task for just a little longer. At the same time she hoped it would be, as selfish as it sounded she just wanted to get it over and done with and whilst she was injured she was sure he would be less likely to fight for her. She would be able to use her disadvantage to her advantage. As she waited she picked at her thumbnail, staring down at it and hoping not to catch anyone's eye. It felt strange for her to be behaving in this way, usually she would actively look for someone to joke and chat with but this time she knew she had a purpose, a reason for being there. A reason which caused the following words to sink her heart. 'Ella? What happened?' Bones approached her upon seeing her, passing off his case to a junior doctor who took it without question, barely glancing in the direction of Ella's bed. She looked up suddenly upon hearing his voice and a harsh lump suddenly appeared in her throat as she saw the concern in his eyes, the lines of worry in his face. She wanted to cling to him and cry and explain everything, but Andrew's threat still rung clearly through her ears and she knew that she had to be convincing in her lies. 'Bones, I don't think you should treat me. Conflict of interest and all that.' She said quietly, her eyes pleading with him; but of course he ignored her and his hands flew to her head injury. Ignoring her request he began to probe, the doctor in him taking over. 'Do you feel sick at all? Dizzy? Any signs of concussion?' He asked and she shook her head, silent. 'No I don't feel anything.' She lied as the pain of heartbreak in her chest grew stronger. Bones next turned to her arm and examined the small shard of glass sticking from it. 'This seems to have missed the veins which is good.' He determined and he then walked around the other side of the bed to examine the scratches on her back. A nurse had already had her change into a bed gown so he was able to gain access to her open back. With her face out of his sight she allowed the pain to show. She closed her eyes and tried her best to hold in the tears, she was unsuccessful and a few escaped her eyes but she continued to fight to hold back the flood. 'These wounds on your back should be able to be closed up with glue or strips as opposed to stitches.' He diagnosed and motioned a nurse over who attended presently. She began to clean the wounds on Ella's back and the sting of the alcohol in the open wounds only added to Ella's pain and brought fresh, irrelevant tears to her eyes. 'Ella how did this happen?' Bones asked as he walked back around to the side of the bed she was sat on. Upon seeing the tears on her cheeks he stopped and tried to meet her eyes but she wouldn't lift her gaze from a fixed point on the floor. 'I was in my cabin getting ready to go back to work. I wanted to distract myself, you know, from everything. I have a lot on my mind. I tripped over some clothes I left on the floor and fell into the mirror. It smashed and I landed on the glass on the floor. I'm just clumsy.' She began semi-confidently but ended up whispering, as she spoke it became more difficult to hold in the tears and the lump grew more solid and the tears pricked painfully at her eyes. 'You are clumsy.' Bones replied, she could tell he wasn't entirely convinced but she also knew he would drop the subject until he had finished treating her. 'I'll begin with your head wound.' He informed her and gently began to clean the wound, picking out a few small shards of glass which had become embedded in the cut. 'This will need stitches.' He said aloud, more to himself than anyone else. Ella didn't know if he expected an answer from her but she wasn't able to give him one anyhow. She closed her eyes and tried to control the now steady stream of tears coming from her eyes. Her hands began to shake with her upset but she managed to confine the sobs to only her hands for the moment. Bones and the nurse finished cleaning the dressing the wounds at the same time and Bones allowed her to leave so he could finish the arm wound by himself. Ella knew that this was the moment to begin. They were alone and he was preoccupied, he couldn't argue with her whilst he was treating her. He gently removed the shard of glass from her arm and a small spurt of blood accompanied it but Bones didn't seem worried. She slowly opened her eyes and watched him whilst he began to carefully clean the wound, removing all glass. 'Do you want me to come by later to clean up the glass? Don't want you injuring yourself further.' Bones said lightly but Ella could see the way he was avoiding her eyes and her heart continued to split. She could tell he knew that something was wrong, that something bad was coming, he was trying to act as if everything was normal but they both knew that it wasn't. 'No Bones, I can manage.' She replied quietly, her voice wobbling slightly as she wrestled to keep control. Bones simply nodded slowly, continuing to clean her arm out. They sat again in silence whilst Ella tried to gain enough confidence to begin her task. He scanned her arm to ensure no further damage and when he was done he began to bandage her arm. 'Bones we need to talk…' She began quietly and she felt him tense. 'You're damn right we do.' He interrupted her curtly and for the first time she realised he was angry at her. She looked up in shock, she hadn't expected him to react in this way. His eyes didn't leave his work but they were flaming like hot coals, despite his fingers behaving gently. 'I don't understand…' She replied quietly and he interrupted her again. 'For weeks you hole yourself up in your cabin and won't even go to work. You won't even talk to me or Jim, no one. You ignore us and push us away and now you just turn up here in the med bay with questionable and serious injuries and there's something else and you won't even tell me the truth. Do you think I can't tell you're lying to me? Do you know how much it hurts that I can tell there's something up with you and you won't even tell me? I love you, Ella and you're still pushing me away. What the hell is going on?' His voice was quiet but it was angry and there was malice in it. She hadn't seen him this angry before, it scared her, but she hoped it would make her task all the much easier. She wanted this to be quick and quiet, she dreaded making a scene as she was sure that she couldn't keep herself so composed for much longer. But Bones had got everything out into the open now and she just needed to finish the job. 'You're right, there is something wrong.' She replied in a whisper, not trusting her voice not to betray her if she spoke any louder. He finished bandaging and she shut her eyes again, steeling herself even further. Seeing her distress, Bones reached out and tried to touch her cheek but she shied away. This only reignited his anger and frustration and he crossed his arms to stop himself clenching his fists. 'Ella, please, for the love of God, talk to me!' He pleaded, his voice rising slightly in pitch but he caught himself and quietened. 'We need to break up.' Ella blurted out opening her eyes and staring straight ahead. She focused on the edge of the next bed along and dug her thumbnail into the palm of her hand to stop herself giving in. There was a pause in which Bones tried to process what Ella had just said. He knew there was something wrong but he hadn't expected this from her; he had expected her to withhold information from him but eventually give in to his help anyway. Eventually it clicked in his mind and his anger simply grew. 'What?' He asked her sharply and she stood up, turning her back to him and undressing, re-dressing into her clothes. It hurt against her newly dressed wounds but she gritted her teeth and ignored the pain, she wondered just how many scars her back now bore. She used the opportunity of her back to Bones to allow a few more tears to escape and then regain her composure. 'Us. It's just not working out.' She said clearly as she pulled on her dress and then leaned down to pick up her shoes but Bones grabbed her arm and wheeled her around to face him. 'No. No you don't just get to decide that.' He said angrily and she found her eyes locked with his. She took a deep breath. 'I don't love you. I don't want to be with you.' She told him and she felt like the pain was so unbearable it was almost numb. Like when you're so cold it hurts but at the same time you can't feel a thing. 'That is complete horse crap and we both know it!' Bones was yelling now but Ella, by some miracle kept her composure. 'Will you please keep your voice down?' She asked calmly but Bones was furious now. He lunged forward and grabbed Ella's arms shaking her slightly but she could see the desperation in his face. Tears were in his eyes and she couldn't stop the emotions from taking over now. She couldn't bear to see him so upset and know it was her fault. 'Keep my voice down? You're asking me to keep my voice down after you just drop a bombshell like this on me?' He yelled and people were staring now. The lump in her throat broke and Ella gasped in sobs as the tears streamed down her cheeks. 'I'm sorry, please, just let's be friends? Like we used to be.' She replied quietly and he let go and took a step back, almost defeated. 'Friends? Have you lost your goddamn mind?' He shouted and Ella put her hand to her mouth, trying to stifle some of the sobs. 'I'm sorry…' She whispered but he was livid. 'You do not get to be upset about this! Don't you dare apologise to me, this is your fault!' He screamed and she could barely breathe. She felt like her chest was closing in and the walls were too. She looked around, everyone was staring now, everyone was whispering to one another. At least Andrew would hear about this. 'I can't do this…' She managed to gasp out before going to rush past Bones, shoes still in hand. 'No!' Bones grabbed her arm again and tried to stop her leaving. She didn't know what spurred her to do it, what motivation she had, but on impulse and slapped him hard across the face, leaving an immediate red mark. There were gasps all around the room and Bones released Ella immediately to bring his hand up to his injured cheek. He stared at her with wide, shocked eyes. Ella knew that no matter how much it hurt, no matter how awful it made her look, she had to use this to her advantage. 'Don't touch me.' She growled, loud enough for the others to hear. She then added in a small voice, 'please.' She looked into his eyes for one last time but once her vision became clouded with tears that couldn't seem to escape fast enough, she turned and ran from the room, leaving it in complete silence. Nobody moved, everyone stared either at Bones or at the door that Ella had just vanished through. Bones couldn't move for a long time but when he did he looked around at the rest of his staff staring at him before striding out of the same door Ella had disappeared through. His sole intention, to find Jim and find out what the hell has just happened.
Chapter 34 'When was the last time you spoke to your sister?' Bones demanded as soon as he walked onto the bridge. He didn't ask permission to be allowed on and a security red-shirt immediately sprang forward and grabbed at him; he shook him off violently and strode towards Jim who was sat in his chair as usual but had leaned forward with a look of concern at the commotion that Bones was causing. 'Bones? Is everything alright?' He asked tentatively as the red-shirt made a second attempt to grab at Bones, he was simply met with another shake. 'It's alright, leave him.' Jim instructed and the red-shirt backed off slowly, feeling a little dejected at his rejection of being allowed to share in the excitement. 'No! Everything is not alright! In fact, I think this is the least alright things have been in a while! Something is going on Jim and I want to know what!' Bones yelled, everyone eyes were now fixed on him and he was officially the dramatic distraction of the day. Jim noticed this with a brief glance at his crew, his eyes met with Sulu's and he nodded, they understood one another perfectly. 'Let's get a drink, Bones.' He suggested as he stood and walked over to his friend. Sulu led the return to work and knew that he had been left in charge by a mutual understanding. 'I don't think alcohol is the right option for me at the moment.' He growled in response but allowed Jim to place his arm around his shoulders and gently steer him towards the door. 'Nonsense, alcohol is the answer to all of life's problems, I thought I'd taught you that by now?' Jim replied light-heartedly as he led Bones from the bridge. There was a moment left behind them of complete silence before another moment of excited chatter which died down to excited murmurs as the crew returned to their work. Everyone had been waiting for some kind of domestic drama aboard the ship, and when you were living so close to so many other people, everyone knew everything. This dramatic event in particular would spread like wildfire, especially if it regarded Ella or Bones, they were the main entertainment aboard the Enterprise. Their romance was a story that a few of the crew were considering documenting, and even fewer had even dared to begin to. This was an interesting addition to the story. Jim led Bones towards his cabin, keeping a firm grip on his shoulders as a warning not to speak until they reached privacy. Every time Bones went to open his mouth Jim hushed him affectionately and gave his shoulder a squeeze, leaving the doctor exasperated and frustrated but understanding. All Bones wanted to do was to vent to his friend, the fact that this particular friend was the brother of the woman he loved only helped the matter at hand. He needed reassurance and answers, and above all, he needed to share his concerns. Jim had already seen the state that Ella was in and they were both as aware as the other that there was something very wrong, but this was a new addition, a development that needed to be discussed in further detail. Once they reached Jims cabin he pushed his friend inside gently and secured the door behind them. Bones opened his mouth to finally recount his tale but Jim held up a finger to pause him before searching the cabin thoroughly. At first Bones watched him with concern and confusion before it registered to him that Jim was checking that his step-father wasn't hiding somewhere and ready to listen in on any problems that he could exploit on Ella's part. They were both primarily concerned with protecting her, since whatever was happening seemed to be having the worst effect on her. 'Alright, talk.' Jim gestured to his friend as he sat down heavily on the bed, readying himself for the latest of Ella's strange antics. 'You're not going to get a drink?' Bones asked sardonically with a raised eyebrow and Jim smiled. 'I'm not actually an alcoholic, besides I'm still technically on duty.' He replied and Bones nodded. 'Right, like that's ever stopped you before.' He said and Jim shrugged. 'Ella?' He inquired and Bones' face fell as he was faced with the true purpose of his visit. He sighed and sat down besides Jim, placing his hands on his knees and clenching them into fists as he stared straight ahead. 'She broke up with me.' Bones told him and there was a silence as Jim awkwardly tried to process what his friend had told him. 'I thought you guys were madly in love?' He asked and Bones couldn't help the small, sad smile his friend was so able to evoke from him. 'So did I.' He replied sadly and Jim grimaced and there was another awkward pause as he tried to work out how to respond. 'I mean, uh, sorry. She's a free woman though and you know how hard it is to tie her down. I mean look at how long it took you to get her to go out with you. I mean it sucks, sure, but… I don't really know what else to say.' Jim attempted to comfort his friend and paused before placing his hand awkwardly on top of Bones' clenched fist. Bones shot him a raised eyebrow and he removed it again slowly. 'It's not like that, Jim. There's something wrong I can feel it. This is to do with what's been going on with your step-dad I can feel it.' He replied and Jim nodded slowly. 'Yeah it might be, but it also might just be her way of dealing with it all? You know, cutting herself off from people to keep them from getting hurt in the cross-fire? That guy is a jerk.' He explained and Bones shot him a withering glare for which he felt the need to justify himself, 'I mean, I'm just playing devil's advocate.' 'No, there's something more there, Jim. Think of all the crap we've been through together, she knows that she's safer with me to help her. I would never abandon her.' 'I really think that right now she's probably just stressed out and needs some space.' Jim attempted but Bones was adamant. 'You didn't see her Jim, there was something in her eyes, something wrong.' 'Bones listen…' Jim began but Bones wasn't done. 'She slapped me. I tried to get her to explain and she slapped me.' He told him and Jim paused, taking this new information in. He knew Ella and he knew that unless she felt threatened or beyond anger then she wouldn't lash out in that kind of way. He stopped to consider that maybe Bones was right, maybe there was something more going on and Ella was hiding something. He sighed and clapped a hand to Bones' shoulder in a comforting gesture. 'Okay I'll talk to her and try and work out what's going on. I'm not sure she'll give me any more answers than she gave you though.' He replied slowly and Bones nodded. 'I appreciate it, but you're her brother. I think she'll open up to you more than you think.' The two men shared a weak smile and a nod before Bones left to return to his station and Jim left to find Ella. When he had found out about his best friend and his sister he had not considered that he would become the mediator between them and he wasn't sure he felt entirely comfortable with it. Then again he hadn't considered that the ship would house so much drama as they had experienced. He wanted to ensure that both of the people who meant the most to him were happy and safe and he was concerned with what Bones had told him. Bones knew Ella extremely well, better even than Jim, and he was certain that if something was wrong then he would be able to pick up on it. He reached Ella's door and as he went to knock it slid open to reveal Ella. Her eyes were a little red but otherwise her expression was set into one of grim determination and defiance. She was looking a little like her old self but with a twist. There was something in her eyes that hinted that all was not quite well with her. Her usual hardy steel was there, but her eyes had lost their glint of mischief, of happiness, of life. She looked like she had given up completely on something and Jim wondered whether it was her shot at happiness that she had given up on. 'Jim!' She exclaimed in surprise as she almost walked into him, she was in the process of leaving as he was entering. 'We need to talk.' He told her and she nodded. 'I agree, come in.' She said and stepped aside to allow him entry. Her room was clean aside from a broken mirror which still lay on the floor surrounded by shards of glass. 'What happened here?' He asked as he walked over to her desk and took a seat. 'Accident.' She replied, brushing it off with a shrug and leaning against the desk. Jim noticed she was wearing her Starfleet uniform and she seemed much sterner and more businesslike than he'd seen her in a long time. 'Are you alright?' He asked noting the injuries to her forehead and arm and she nodded. 'Fine.' She replied curtly. 'In fact better than I've felt in a long time. I want to return to work.' There was a moment of silence as Jim processed her words. 'Ella if you've been injured then there are protocols, you shouldn't really be able to return to work until you've undergone a full evaluation both physical and mental.' He informed her but she was unaffected by his words. 'It wasn't a request, Jim. I'm fine. I went to the medical bay myself. I want to return to work.' She told him and Jim sighed. 'Alright I'll… He began but she interrupted. 'Excellent, glad that's settled. Shall we?' She stood and gestured towards the door in an attempt to lead him from the room. 'Not so fast,' he told her and she sank back into her leaning position. 'I actually heard about your visit to the med bay myself and that's why I'm here.' 'Doctor McCoy spoke to you.' She said quietly, casting her eyes downward and he regarded her with curiosity. 'Since when do you call him Doctor McCoy?' He asked. 'Since we broke up and he refused to be friends, to be in any shape or form amiable actually.' She replied coolly, betraying no emotion, but Jim could see a spark of hurt in her eyes. 'Since you broke up with him? Quite brutally I heard.' He mentioned to her and she sighed. 'Jim I don't need to discuss my personal life with you, or explain myself to you.' She told him with a grimace and he leaned forward towards her. 'You're right, you don't have to tell me a thing as your captain, but as your brother? Ella I'm worried about you. I would have come here to be here for you regardless of whether Bones had come to me first or not. I am worried about you.' He told her and she looked up to meet his eyes. 'Why? Why are you worried now? Just because I'm getting myself sorted out. I'm feeling better, I want to return to work. I'm healthy and ready to go. I'm making a fresh start, that's all.' She told him confidently and Jim knew that there was very little more he could do, especially at that moment in time. He paused, however, and surveyed her face, searching for every sign to not allow her to return to work. She was prepared though and sturdy, he found no reason and could only sigh as he stood. 'Alright, you can return for the next shift tomorrow. It's not fair to lay off Adiona now when she's halfway through her shift.' He told her. 'In the meantime get that glass cleaned up before there are any more accidents.' 'Aye captain.' She replied and stood too. They regarded each other as they stood, almost facing one another off. 'Ella, as your captain I have to tell you that you are walking a very fine line. If there is even the suspicion of a doubt as to your abilities to work I will send you back here or to the med bay to be monitored, you only have one chance.' He told her calmly and she betrayed no emotion. 'Understood.' She replied coldly. 'But as your brother,' he added softly, taking her hand and entreating her to listen. 'I want you to know that I am here for you and I am begging you, please talk to me about anything that worries you. I need to know that you're alright and I am worried about you because right now, you don't seem it.' 'Jim,' she replied and took his hand in both of her own. For the first time there seemed to be a hint of emotion in her eyes as she showed affection for her brother. She smiled weakly at him and squeezed his hand with her own in a display of gratitude. 'I'm really alright, I just need to get back to work and distract my mind whilst I sort myself out. My brain just needs space to think, and the best place for that is on the bridge.' He nodded his understanding, because he did understand. To keep the mind distracted was often the best remedy for many problems. It didn't stop him from making a personal vow to himself to keep a close eye on her. 'I trust you,' he told her and nodded, 'report to the bridge for your shift tomorrow.' He left without looking back, if he had done he might have noticed the look of despair crossing his sisters features.
Chapter 35 Jim began to regret his decision only a couple of days after he allowed Ella to come back to work. She was distant and cool with her colleagues, displaying traits which she had never exhibited before, and her brother was concerned with this new turn of events. Things often took a turn for the worse whenever Bones came onto the bridge or even if his name was simply mentioned, and then Ella would become further than distant and cooler than ever. She retreated into herself like she had a shell, like she was the husk of a person and she could only protect herself by distancing herself from everyone and everything around her. It pained Jim to see his once exuberant little sister act in this way and it pained her friends to know that there was nothing they could do to help her when Ella got herself into this state. They all had no choice but to put her change in behaviour down to the sudden severing of her relationship with Bones, they all assumed she was just in the mourning period for something which she had fought so hard for; Jim alone knew there was something else going on. Jim had a sneaking suspicion that Ella didn't break up with Bones through a choice of her own, he felt like someone or some turn of events had coerced her into doing this. He could tell she still loved him from the way she tensed up whenever his name was mentioned, but her eyes still wandered to his curiously, she needed to know how he was doing. She actively avoided looking at him whenever he was on the bridge but when he left she looked towards the door with a pained expression. She missed him and Jim needed to work out why she had broken up with him in the first place. He decided to go to Bones for some answers one evening after his shift had finished, he knew that Bones would be getting ready for his own shift in his cabin and they would have a little time before Bones had to report to the medical bay. Sure enough, he found his friend in a state of undress sitting on the edge of his bed, staring into space. 'You alright, man?' Jim asked as he sat down beside him and Bones took a deep breath, releasing it as a sigh. 'No, Jim, I'm not alright.' he answered honestly. Jim looked down at his hands before awkwardly lifting a hand and patting his friend's bare back, the moment he did he realised it was uncomfortable for the both of them and removed his hand immediately. 'You want to talk about it?' Jim asked and Bones scoffed. 'You mean do I want to talk about Ella?' he asked and Jim shrugged. 'Why not? I mean that's what's got you into this state right?' he asked and Bones nodded slowly but he had a thoughtful face and was staring into space again. 'Listen,' Jim said suddenly and looked up into his friend's face. 'There is something up with her and we both know she will keep it bottled up until it all gets out, we just need to get it out of her.' 'What is there to get out? She broke up with me, Jim. I'm just not good at the whole "relationship" thing.' Bones complained, a spark of frustration in his tone and eye but Jim shook his head. 'No, there's something else, can't you see it? Well probably not because she's making such an effort to hide it from you but I've seen it.' Jim said quickly and Bones looked at him curiously, pulling on his shirt as he waited for Jim to explain himself. 'Okay, let's chalk up the facts.' Jim continued, 'Ella didn't know that her dad was on board the ship so that couldn't have been the reason that she broke up with you, if she did know she would have wanted you to stick around because she's scared of him. So, what could have caused her to feel that you two weren't good anymore?' 'I don't know, maybe she just didn't see our relationship going anywhere?' Bones suggested and Jim suppressed a laugh. 'Have you ever heard her talk about you? No, Bones, she was in love with you; in my opinion she still is. There's something else, something she's frightened of that could hurt you.' Jim said and Bones shrugged, he wasn't exactly in the mood for the guessing games and he was going to be late for his shift. Jim watched him get ready in silence as his mind raced with all the possibilities, Bones secretly just wanted him to drop it and accept that Ella had broken up with him and they needed to move on. 'You know what?' Jim said suddenly and Bones jumped, he'd half-forgotten he was there. 'I'm tired of this, I'm tired of being made to feel like a prisoner on my own ship. I don't care what Frank said, I'm in charge here and I'm not gonna take orders or be intimidated by some egotistical asshole.' he stood up suddenly and left the cabin without any further explanation, leaving Bones to look after him in confusion before shaking his head and finishing getting ready for his shift. Jim didn't waste a moment, by the time the next shift was over he intended to have his step-father in his custody and in the brig. He rounded up his best security detail and put out a ship wide broadcast from his captain's chair. 'This is an announcement specifically for Frank Davis, yeah you, asshole. You can either turn yourself in or I will personally find you and have you thrown away in the least dignified way possible. As for everyone else, keep an eye out for anyone you're not sure who they are, anyone you've not seen much of, anyone you've not come across before this voyage, question them, detain them do whatever the hell you want but find this son of a bitch so he can answer to me.' he said angrily, his heart was racing and his crew were giving him questioning looks but he didn't waver for a second. He intended to search the whole ship by himself if it was necessary, he was tired of being made the victim, he was tired of being persecuted at the hands of his step-father and he would fulfil that promise he made to his little sister so long ago, he would protect her. He strode through the corridors, some of the crew he passed gave him looks like he was crazy and some gave him looks of admiration but nobody dared question him, he was clearly a man on a mission. This was until he turned a corner and walked straight into Ella. 'What the hell do you think you're doing?' she asked. Her hair was messy and her eyes were ringed with red and dark circles, she hadn't been sleeping but she had been crying. Now she didn't look upset, but she did look angry and a little panicked. Jim separated from the security detail, taking his sister's arm and leading her aside a little out of the way of the bustle of people. 'Ella go back to your cabin and stay there.' he ordered and a flame leaped in her eyes. 'Are you crazy? This man is dangerous, Jim, and you've just lit a match, you've asked him to step up to the play. Don't you think he's gonna come after one of us before all this is over with? You're not gonna have to find him because he will sure as hell find one of us.' she said and Jim realised she was right, she wasn't safe and he had been the one to put her in danger. 'Okay, go to Bones in the medical bay you'll be safe there.' he suggested and she shook her head stubbornly. 'Ella, Jesus, what the hell happened?' he asked and she sighed. 'Jim, I just can't go to Bones right now. But if I'm right then why don't we deal with this just us?' she suggested and Jim was confused. 'Keep it personal?' she tried and when he still didn't get it she rolled her eyes. 'He's gonna come to one of us right? Well, we lay a trap, pretend like we're done for the night and then hole up in one of our cabin's, make it look like you're protecting me because we know he's gonna come for us. His ego is so huge he won't be able to resist and when he does come we've got him.' she explained slowly and Jim nodded as he finally understood. 'That's not a bad idea.' he agreed and she rolled her eyes again. 'Alright, hang on a second.' he said and turned to his security to brief them on the new plan. Ella looked up and down the corridor like she was afraid her father might make an appearance at any second, she almost wished he would, she wanted to get this over and done with sooner rather than later. 'Okay let's go.' Jim said as his team dispersed in the opposite direction and he began to lead her back towards her cabin. 'I'll sleep on your floor tonight and all night's until we find him, you do not leave my side you understand?' he said and she gave him a mock salute. 'I can take care of myself, you know.' she mumbled but was secretly glad of the protection her brother offered, her father scared her. 'Yeah well I wanna be able to take my shot at this guy when we get him.' he said and Ella stopped suddenly, putting her hand on his arm to make him stop too. 'Jim, wait. This man is dangerous, he's crazy! Don't underestimate him.' she told him with wide eyes and he looked at her with concern. 'You have no idea what it was like when you left, it was hard. He only ever got worse and he might have you fooled that he's in control of things now but he's not, he's a dangerous, unhinged, psychopath. Please, Jim, please be careful.' she begged him and Jim pulled her into a tight hug which she returned eagerly, desperate for the comfort her older brother offered, comfort she had sorely needed for a long while but had been too frightened to seek. 'It'll be alright, I promise.' he whispered into her hair and they stood there for a couple more moments before mutually disengaging and looking at one another properly for the first time in a long time. 'I wish you would tell me what's going on.' Jim confessed softly and tears sparkled in Ella's eyes. 'I wish I could.' she replied quietly before sniffing her tears back and forcing a smile. 'You can't stay in my cabin without clothes for tomorrow, or a toothbrush for that matter. We better swing by your cabin to grab your stuff.' she suggested and Jim knew that to get to his cabin they had to pass the medical centre; it didn't take a genius to work out that Ella wanted to check up on Bones, she was frightened that he was threatened in some way. 'Good idea.' Jim replied and took her arm, together they made their way through the corridors, all the while keeping their eye out for their relative and both simultaneously hoping that they would and wouldn't come across him. In the medical centre, Bones tried to throw himself into his work as he usually did. It was the only consolation he had now that he didn't have Ella and he had resigned himself to the fact that he wasn't destined for romantic happiness, he was destined for a life of work as the ship's doctor. He had been hard at work when he heard Jim's message and, despite his best efforts, his mind immediately jumped to Ella. He knew that she was alone in her cabin that evening and he was suddenly afraid that Jim's message might have done more harm than good. He knew that Jim just wanted to try and do the best by his crew and his family, but he has potentially just lit a match that could very quickly turn into a forest fire. He tried to push his worries from his mind, he tried to focus on his work and the patients who had increased with the announcement and the subsequent panic and excitement at the thought of a stowaway. No matter how hard he tried, his mind kept wandering back to Ella alone in her cabin and he was worried that in his urgency Jim had overlooked her, he couldn't stop his brain from imagining a whole range of horrible scenarios. When he realised that he had been staring into space, unable to focus, for a full five minutes, he sighed and decided the only way he could put his mind at rest was to go and visit Ella himself. It was easy to excuse himself from the medical centre and disappear amongst the crowds of people. It was the busiest he had ever seen the night shift and he wondered how much it had to do with the panic instilled from Jim's announcement. Everyone was distracted just like himself and everyone was racing to God-knows-where to do God-knows-what. He passed through the crowds and took a lesser known route around to the cabins, it made the journey a tad longer but it avoided the crowds of people he didn't want to see. Eventually the corridors were deserted, he knew very few people came this way unless they had a reason to, he had reason to. He allowed his mind to wander again as he hurried through the hallways, he thought about Ella and everything they had been through and doubted whether she would even accept his help in protecting her. He wondered whether it was even fair to check up on her, it was like he didn't trust her to protect herself when he knew fully well that if it came to a fistfight she probably had more experience than he did. But he also knew that Ella hadn't been herself lately and he couldn't help but doubt that she was able to protect herself in this state of mind. He half hoped Jim would be with her and he could slip quietly away again, but his other half hoped she would be alone so he would have a reason to stay. He was caught up in these thoughts when a rough pair of hands grabbed him suddenly and slammed him against the wall, he hadn't even seen anyone else in the corridor and the sudden attack caught him off guard. He didn't have time to even register what was happening before a fist slammed into his jaw and he went spinning, tumbling to the ground in a heap. He tried to reorient his thoughts and think of a counter-attack but a foot connected to his chest and knocked all sensible thought out of him as well as his breath. He lay crumpled in a ball, choking for air and spluttering pathetically as he tried to look up and at least identify his attacker. He didn't know the man so, naturally, he knew it must be Ella's father. 'Hello Dr McCoy.' the man grinned before punching Bones again in the face and Bones fought to stay conscious, something which became exponentially easier when he saw Jim and Ella round the corner. There was a moment of stunned silence as Jim and Ella took in the scene they had stumbled across. Frank was also stunned for a moment, it was clear he hadn't intended to be interrupted but he quickly regained his composure and straightened up, smiling at his children. 'Hello, princess...' he grinned but his smile quickly fell as Ella launched herself at him without so much as a second thought. Jim was shouting something into his communicator and Bones tried to pull himself up into a sitting position as the corridor stopped spinning so violently and he regained himself a little. He ignored the pain, it was dulled by his concern and admiration for Ella as she attacked her father; she punched and gouged and did everything in her power to attack him. She was half his size and hardly made a dent as he batted away her attacks with laughter as he worked out her fighting pattern before he landed a blow to her cheek and sent her stumbling. Before she could fall down, he grabbed her arm and twisted it behind her back, leaning forward to hiss in her ear. 'Remember when I broke this pretty little arm?' he asked and she grunted again, stamping hard on his foot and slamming her head back at the same time. He was caught off guard and stumbled back, releasing her, she made to attack again but by now Jim was there and was pushing her away, detaining Frank himself with his stun phaser but Frank didn't go down easily. He lay on the floor and groaned a little but was still clearly conscious; Jim kept his phaser trained on him and didn't move his eyes but spoke clearly to Ella. 'Ella, Bones is hurt.' he reminded her and she hurried to the man she had once loved, and arguably still did, taking his face in her hands and surveying his injuries with fear in her eyes. Bones had recovered most of his senses by this point and was barely noticing the pain. 'Oh My God, are you okay?' she asked in a quiet voice, brushing his hair back with her fingers and sniffing back tears which he knew weren't connected to the bruise forming on her cheek. 'Ella...' he managed to breath and with her name came a newfound strength within him as he reached forward to touch his fingers to her cheek. 'I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry.' she whispered, barely repressing a sob. She kissed his face, forgetting Andrew's threat, forgetting everything except her love for this man and her need to protect him. She kissed his lips and Bones was revived as he returned her kiss, something he had longed for a long time, something he had missed so much. She broke away suddenly and stumbled back a little and standing quickly, catching herself as the memory of Andrew's threat came back to her. By now, Jim's security detail had arrived and were hauling Frank up who was chuckling in a low tone as he watched the scene unfold around him. 'Ella, please, talk to me!' Bones pleaded, standing up himself as Ella stood and ran her fingers through her hair, loosening her bun even further. She paced up and down and struggled to control her breathing as all her conflicting thoughts and emotions swirled around inside of her and she had no control over them. 'Alright, that's enough.' Jim warned him but Frank paid him no attention. 'Ella's visitor won't be happy she broke her promise, maybe she is just the little whore we all knew she was.' he sneered as the men held his arms steady. Ella didn't miss a beat, she turned suddenly, mid-pace, and punched Frank squarely in the nose, her hand emitted a loud crack and Frank's head snapped backwards. She immediately doubled over in pain, clutching her hand to her chest as she let out a small scream of anger and pain. Frank was also howling at his broken nose but the security were already pulling him away as Jim rushed to his sisters side. Bones also pushed himself away from the wall to her side and put his arms around her to support her as she stamped her foot in protest of the pain. 'Ella? Hey, look at me!' Bones instructed and she straightened up, tears spilling down her cheeks as her knuckles began to swell. 'Yep, your hand's broken.' he commented drily and the three of them, two of them battered and bruised, stared after Frank as he was hauled away. Jim was the first one to speak, the first one to break the silence that was filled with the secrets that the three of them needed to share. 'So, who needs a drink?'
Chapter 36 The walk back to Jim's cabin was a walk taken in silence. The three of them kept an almost perfect equidistance between one another, none of them were touching, none of them even looked at one another. The corridors were deserted so they didn't have to deal with the questions and demands from other people, it was a perfect time for each of them to be wrapped up completely in their own thoughts and try and work out just what they were all going to say to one another. Jim felt like an awkward third wheel as he walked between Ella and Bones, there was an unspoken tension which rose around them and clouded Jim's thoughts more than either of the others'. He didn't want to be in the middle of anything, he didn't want to have to resolve any arguments and he didn't want to be witness to any reconciliation, no matter how much he was looking forward to it. He was glad that his troubles were over and that the man he had been hunting was finally imprisoned for the crimes he had committed, for the dangers he had imposed on Ella throughout her whole life. Despite this new victory, Jim couldn't help but feel like there was something missing, there was something more that hadn't been fully explained or even mentioned at all. Their lives had never been dull and, despite his wishes, he knew that there was always more drama just around the corner for them, they couldn't have a quiet minute. Bones was fighting to keep his eyes from drifting back towards Ella as she walked on the other side of her brother but he knew that she needed space in this time. He didn't understand why she seemed to still have feelings for him but had pushed him away so catastrophically; he didn't understand the situation that he seemed to be unwittingly in. There was something more going on with Ella and Bones didn't have the first clue how to address it. His mind tried to work out different scenarios, one after the other as he tried to make sense of snatches of information he had, he wanted to be prepared for any eventuality but there was only so much he could do with such limited resources. When his eyes strayed to her he caught sight of her distracted expression and fought to withdraw his eyes again, she needed this time to think of her own excuses and explanations. Ella didn't know what to think. The two men to her left were wrapped up in their own thoughts but she knew that in some way all of their thoughts were intertwined, all of their stories linked back to one master-plan that she hadn't worked out yet. She tried to go back and retrace her steps back from when everything had started, she tried to come up with a way she could explain her precarious situation to her brother and the man she loved without looking like a coward. She felt like nothing more than that, a coward. There had to be a way out of her situation, a logical resolution, something that she could have come to them for help with, but she had been too scared. Jim had fought for her and removed a threat from her vicinity and she had done nothing for him in return, she had simply rolled over and kept the danger to herself for fear of making things worse. She was stupid not to believe that these two men could help her, of course they could. She was embarrassed in spite of herself, that was all; she had never felt more like a fool in her entire life. They wordlessly stopped outside of Jim's cabin, it hadn't been discussed where they were going, it was just a known fact among them. Jim paused for a moment, forgetting that it was his responsibility as their host and leader to let them inside. When he realised his responsibility he jumped into action at a glance from the others' and keyed in his entrance code. Ella followed him inside, closely followed by Bones, and once the door shut behind them they seemed to slip back into their usual selves as they remembered how to function properly. Jim fetched glasses and alcohol from the cupboard as Ella sat down heavily on a sofa and allowed Bones to begin examining her face, checking her cheek for any further damage but it was a superficial bruise above all else so he turned his attention to her broken hand. Jim tossed him a medical kit which was located in everyone's cabin and Bones began to root through it in search of what he needed. Ella gritted her teeth against the pain as it came flooding back, her thoughts had clouded it for a short while and she had been able to ignore it but now it seared through her hand and up her arm as she fought back tears. Bones found some kind of oily ointment and began to apply it to the broken knuckles, the swelling seemed to immediately abate and the pain felt a little less intense as Ella watched him work. She turned her attention to his face as she grew concerned with his own injuries, but like her, he was just bruised and a little winded, he thanked his stars that he hadn't had a rib broken or something like that. Jim poured out a shot and handed it to Ella who downed it without a second thought before holding out her glass for another, a wordless request which was immediately granted by her brother and earned them both a disapproving glance from Bones. There was a brief moment where the three of them shared a smile as it was almost like they had reverted to their old ways before Ella winced in pain as Bones began to tightly bind her hand and they were all brought back to the memory of the present. 'Alright, who's going first?' Jim asked as Bones sat down beside Ella, they all pretended not to notice how he kept her hand in his despite being finished. 'I think as Captain that's your responsibility.' Ella remarked drily as she took another shot and Bones took the glass out of her hand and placed it to the side as he sipped his own drink. 'Yeah, okay, that's fair.' Jim agreed and sighed as he sat opposite them. He cleared his throat and finished off his drink before beginning his story. 'I knew about your dad being on board and I kept it hushed, I didn't look for him. I knew he was going to hurt someone, probably you, but I kept quiet because I didn't know how to go about catching him. I dunno, I guess I freaked out a little bit, he used to be kind of an ass.' 'He still is.' Bones interrupted and Ella smiled a little before Jim nodded at her and her smile faltered as she knew what was coming. 'Your turn.' he said and she sighed before looking down at her hand which Bones held in his own, she ran her thumb over his fingers and Bones knew he had been accepted again. 'I didn't know about dad, but there's someone else on board too. His name is Andrew, Jim you never knew him, I was dating him a long time ago back when I was going through Starfleet. I was dating him the very first time I met Bones, he wasn't very good to me then and he hasn't been nice to me now. He told me that if I told either of you he was on board he would hurt you, I believed him.' she turned her head in Bones' direction but she couldn't bring herself to look him in the eye. 'He told me to leave you, to make you believe I didn't love you or else he would hurt you. He's dangerous, he would have killed you I didn't know what else to do. I'm so sorry... I didn't... I just... I'm sorry...' it became harder for her to speak as she continued and she found tears blocking her throat and she was forced to stop speaking. She clamped her lips together and bowed her head as she fought against the sobs but Bones was sympathetic. He wrapped his arm around her shoulders and pulled her to his chest, pulling her forehead to his and closing his eyes before letting her fall into him and kissing her forehead and the top of her head. Ella considered mentioning Carol to them in some way, about her involvement in Andrew's ability to get on board, but she decided against it. She knew about this man and she knew that he was manipulative and cruel; she also knew that Carol could be cruel and didn't like Ella particularly, but she didn't think that she would willingly have gone through with this if she had known the full extent. There had to be something more there and it wasn't Ella's place to out her colleague if she hadn't had all the facts, or if she had been used in some way. Once Ella had calmed down a little bit Bones knew it was his opportunity to say his own piece but he thought for a moment before saying anything. Ella detached herself from him and sat up again, her eyes were red and puffy but she managed to keep the tears from resurfacing as she tried to appear strong, she couldn't let her emotions get the best of her then. 'Alright, I'm gonna be straight and honest with you both,' Bones began and they both watched him expectantly, 'I'm kinda pissed.' There was a moment of shock as they tried to process what Bones was saying to them. 'Hang on, you're pissed at us?' Jim asked and Bones nodded. 'Yeah, I mean, you two had all this shit going on and neither of you trusted me enough to just tell me the truth? Neither of you trusted me enough to take care of myself or considered that maybe I would want to know the truth and help you. If these men were so dangerous then why did neither of you do the smart thing and get as many brains as possible together to solve the problem?' he asked these impossible questions of them and for a minute neither of them could answer him. The siblings stared at one another with open mouths as they tried to work out how to answer Bones' questions and Ella thought she might cry again, she hadn't expected Bones to be angry with her for trying to protect him. 'I'm sorry...' Jim mumbled quietly, looking down and taking another drink, leaving the rest up to Ella. She sniffed for a moment before looking at Bones and when he met her eyes she was surprised to find that his eyes were cool and stony which made her afraid; it was hard to melt his soul when he was in this state of mind, she knew that. 'Bones, I am so sorry, I was trying to protect you. I didn't think, neither of us did. You know how much of an idiot I am, you know how I'll do anything to keep you safe. I just wanted to keep you... You know what? There's nothing more I can say, all I can do is apologise because I love you. I've loved you the whole time and it broke my heart to have to treat you the way I've treated you but there was no other way, there was nothing more I could do to make this situation better. If I didn't love you then I couldn't have done what I did.' she explained herself quickly, surprised with how calm she kept. 'If you loved me then you could have just told me the truth and let me help.' Bones countered and Jim kept his gaze averted, hoping to give some illusion of privacy. 'And what would I have done if it had all gone wrong? How could I have lived with myself if I went against what Andrew wanted and then you'd been hurt or even killed? Knowing that my father was in on it too only worsens things, I had to take the risk that you would forgive me rather than risk your life.' she retorted and seemed to catch Bones off guard so she thought that it was better to continue rather than let him come back with a counter-argument. 'Listen, Bones, I get what I did wrong and I know I should have trusted you but I didn't know how to tell you what was happening. I didn't know how to tell you that your life was in danger if I did the one thing I was doing in even telling you. It sounds complicated but it's simple really. I love you, please, just tell me you love me too because I'm so tired of not being by your side. I hate this, I've hated this whole situation, I've hated myself, I've hated everything and everyone for every second I've been forced apart from you and it's breaking my heart to think that you might not want me anymore so please, just tell me straight...' she was breathless as the words tumbled out of her mouth but Bones looked up in alarm and shushed her, putting his hand over her mouth to stop her from saying anything else. 'Dammit Ella, how stupid can you get? Of course I still love you and I'd forgive you anything, I might be pissed at you but that don't mean I never want to see you again; and if you think I'm letting you go anywhere alone or spend a single night without you in bed with me with that lunatic still out there then you're an idiot.' Ella looked at him over the top of his hand which covered her mouth and her eyes were wide and brimming with tears. Jim winced a little as he snuck a glance at them and hoped they wouldn't start making out so took another sip of his drink to try and steady himself for whatever was coming. Slowly, Ella raised her hand and pulled Bones' away from her mouth, taking a deep breath and licking her lips slightly before she ventured to speak; Bones knew this was just her way of gathering herself and keeping her emotions under control. 'I don't want to lose you again.' she whispered and he rolled his eyes. 'Did you listen to a word I said? We're past all that now, you and I are a given in any situation and that's the end of it.' he told her sternly and it took her a moment to process his words. He marvelled at how slow she could be for someone who was so clever. Growing impatient with her pace of thought, he took her face in his hands and pulled her face to his. Once their lips met they relaxed back into one another and the spell that drove a wedge between them was broken. Jim looked down at his glass awkwardly and wished he had left the cabin for them to make up in peace, but then he was scared of what he might have come back to. Luckily, they pulled apart after a few seconds and Bones nodded at Ella, she nodded back with a slight smile, her eyes sparkling with their rare light once again. 'I love you, you crazy person.' Bones smiled at her and she laughed. 'I love you, my mad doctor.' she grinned and it looked like they were going to kiss again so Jim cleared his throat slightly, just to remind them he was there. They didn't exactly pull apart but they did return their attention to him; they were no longer embarrassed in front of him, they were comfortable in their relationship and knew where they stood so they didn't need to hide any of it from Jim anymore. 'Okay, I'm glad that you guys are all sorted now, really I am, but we still have a problem to solve.' Jim said and Ella looked down, her problem. 'What can you tell us about this guy?' Bones asked her and she took a deep breath, shrugging slightly. 'He's egotistical, narcissistic, the entire time I was with him he was always manipulative, he knows how to read people and how to use them. He has this sense of charm as well, he's a dangerous man because he knows how to use people to get what he wants and he's strong...' she stopped and thought as she reminded herself of how he had acted when they had met aboard the ship. 'What is it?' Jim asked, sensing that there was something more that Ella wasn't telling them. 'There's something off about him, something different to how he was before.' 'Different how?' 'I don't know, it's like there's just something a little weird, something you can't put your finger on. I don't know how to describe it, it's like he's unhinged or something but he seemed like he had it all together... I can't explain it. All I know for sure is that he's dangerous, he's hurt people, he's hurt me and he won't hesitate to hurt either of you. I don't think he would hesitate to kill, he's incredibly dangerous, no, for sure, he would kill someone if it came to that.' she said slowly and Bones pulled her a little closer to him unconsciously as he sensed her discomfort. They sat in silence for a moment, the truth was that none of them really knew how to go about drawing out a threat they knew little about. The same tactic wouldn't work for Andrew that had drawn out their father, it needed to be a different approach, Andrew was too smart for that. 'Okay, here's what we'll do for now.' Jim said, leaning forward and Ella rested her head against Bones' shoulder, only just realising how tired she was, and how afraid. 'Not one of us goes anywhere alone, I'll make sure we all have protective detail on us at all times. For now, I think that's all we can do. We'll work it out I promise, but for now we just need to get on and wait for him to make a mistake.' 'Agreed.' Bones chimed in and Ella nodded from her spot on Bones' shoulder, knowing that she had him back lifted a huge weight off of her shoulders and she felt more secure now, she knew she would sleep easier that night as the exhaustion was already setting in, the exhaustion which came with everything she had been carrying throughout the past few weeks. She maneouvered her head slightly so she could look into Bones' face and when she spoke her voice was soft, it was almost completely unlike her. 'Can I stay with you?' she asked and for a moment he looked like he was going to reprimand her for not listening to him again before he sighed and nodded, he saw how tired she was and he didn't want to give her any more cause for grief. For now, it was important just to focus on the fact that they were together again, at last.
Chapter 37 They stayed with Jim for a little while longer but it quickly became apparent that the events of the day had taken their toll on Ella and she needed rest so Bones decided they would go back to his cabin for the night. She gripped his hand as they walked through the corridors, the night shift meant there was considerably less people around and Bones was thankful for this, after their run in with Frank they both looked worse for wear and Ella was practically sleep-walking. Her hair had found its way back up into a messy bun atop her head but strands fell down around her face, more and more by the second and Bones wondered why she didn't just take it down but he didn't want to break her silence, not yet. She clung to his hand but he wasn't entirely sure that she was aware that he was on the other end of it, he suspected that for her, his hand was just a support, a means of staying upright until she could get through the next emotional barrier. It was just one more wall, it was one more fight to win and then things could get back to normal; or the best version of normal they could possibly muster. There was a small box of things in the bottom of Bones' closet that belonged to Ella, it was a collection of clothes and other items that she had left behind when they had unexpectedly broken up and neither of them had wanted to address it in their awkward situation. Now it was all Bones could think about, for some reason that small box made him more anxious than the thought of Ella sleeping next to him that night. Having to face that box and everything it represented was terrifying and he kept thinking to himself that, even though they had seemingly got everything out in the open and understood one another, there was still this tension between them and he didn't know how to break it. Ella's mind was practically blank, she had a headache coming on and was looking forward to the comfort of a bed where she could actually sleep feeling safe. It would be a luxury, after all this time, to feel safe in her own bed again. It was strange how easily she felt she could just slip back into her relationship with Bones, how she automatically considered his space her space again and the other way around. It had been that way for years, before they had begun seeing one another even, they had always had an easy closeness that felt natural, she just felt like she was meant to be his and he was meant to be hers, there was nothing more to it. Bones let them into his cabin and made sure the door was steadily locked behind them, he wasn't willing to take any chances if there was a crazy man after them. Ella immediately flopped down on the bed and Bones thought she had fallen asleep instantly but a moment later she sat up again and looked at him. When her eyes met his she opened her mouth to say something and immediately closed it again, Bones almost smiled. He realised that she had only just felt the tension between them, until that point she had felt at ease, had felt like there was nothing wrong. Ella was good at pretending things hadn't happened, she was good at moving on and forgiving and forgetting, but she had finally met her match. 'Oh shit...' she muttered and put her head in her hands, loosening her hair even further. Bones smiled and sat down beside her. 'I don't think I've ever felt awkward around you before in my life...' she mumbled and he laughed. 'This is weird, I think we've still got more to talk about.' Bones said slowly, running his hands slowly over his thighs as he kept thinking back to that little box in the closet. 'Yeah, damn it...' she said as she removed her head from her hands and looked down at the floor, clasping her hands in front of her as she leant her elbows on her knees. She looked at him for a moment before looking away again, embarrassed. 'I just want everything to be over, I just want it to be me and you again and to not have to worry about any more bullshit coming our way.' she said and he smiled. 'I'm not sure we've ever been in a place where we're not in some kind of trouble.' Bones said softly before standing and walking over to the closet, placing his hand on the handle but resting it there. 'I don't think we have a normal, Ella, I think we're always gonna have to deal with stuff like this in one way or another. It's in our nature, it's in our surroundings, who we are and what we do.' 'Then why does it feel different this time?' she asked, slowly standing as well and facing him as he opened the closet at last and retrieved her box. He didn't reply to her question straight away, instead he put down the box on the bed and gestured to it. 'This is why.' he said and they both looked at it, on the top was a photograph of Ella and Bones smiling at one another. A silent tear slid down Ella's cheek as she looked at the photograph and then back up at Bones. 'Because I left stuff here?' she asked in a small voice and he shook his head, unable to meet her eye. 'Because of what we were before you left. Our normal was there, we were getting into the swing of things and then you left it hanging, that's why things are weird now.' he said and Ella's eyes sparkled with anger for a moment as she prepared to defend herself. 'You know why I did what I did, why I had to...' she began but her voice was choked off with tears which she fought to control and Bones looked at her with pain in his eyes. 'I know... I know why you did it and I forgive you because I know that you just wanted to protect me but Ella, how can I trust you if you can't give me all the facts?' he asked slowly and Ella sat down on the bed again, not trusting her legs. 'It's okay, you don't have to say anything, just listen...' Bones said quickly as he hurried around the bed to her and knelt down in front of her, taking her hands in his own and holding them tightly. 'I don't think I'm saying this right, what I mean to say is that I do trust you, completely and utterly, because I know you and I know that you did this for the right reasons; but that doesn't mean that I can slip back into how things were so easily. I am not proposing we spend any more time apart, in fact quite the opposite. I want to spend all of my time with you, as much as possible, because I'm tired of us being apart and I know that I'll always forgive you, I'll always love you. Ella, if this whole ordeal has taught me anything it's that I want to spend the rest of my life with you...' Bones trailed off and thought for a moment as a realisation hit him, everything that they had been building up to was in this moment, it was up to him to take the opportunity. He looked at their position and smiled to himself, Ella was looking at him with a confused expression. 'Ellarosa Kirk, I think I'm asking you to marry me...' he said quietly and her expression instantly melted from confusion to shock and he heard her catch her breath. Ever since they had met the memory of Bones' ex-wife had hung over them and poisoned their every movement throughout their relationship as it progressed. They had never discussed the idea of marriage, they had never thought about it much other than in a life or death scenario when things were put into perspective. Ella had always thought Bones was afraid of marrying again, she was a little daunted by the prospect of it herself but did she want this, or was it just the heat of the moment? Ella couldn't bring herself to answer for a few moments, she could barely bring herself to think as she tried to properly grasp the situation but as she looked at him she couldn't help but think of the threat which still loomed over them. She didn't want them to rush from one extreme to the other, she wanted their relationship to be natural, the way it should be. She sniffed back her tears and forced herself to think clearly, she sorted out the muddle of her head and collected her emotions together, putting them in a metaphorical bag and placing that bag well out of sight for now. She then slowly slid from the bed and knelt down beside Bones, not letting go of his hands but he felt the shift in her demeanour and his face fell a little. 'Bones, one day, I will marry you,' she promised him and moved closer to him, only letting go of his hands so she could take his face in her hands. 'I absolutely promise you that I will marry you, but not now and not like this. I don't want to feel like our love should be spurred on by fear, I want us to get married when we're comfortable; when, for once, it doesn't feel like the universe is throwing a hurdle at us. I don't think I'm being clear, let me try and explain. I love you, and I do want to marry you, I never want to be apart from you again if I can help it; but, I want us to be able to prove to ourselves, to each other, to everyone who cares to listen, that we're overcoming the obstacles because we love one another, not because we're obligated to. In short, I just don't think it's the right time.' she paused for breath and he looked a little crestfallen but he seemed to understand. 'I think that we've been through a lot today and we need to take a step back and look at this again when we're not both caught up in the heat of the moment.' Ella smiled softly and Bones couldn't help but be a little disappointed, she hoped she hadn't put him off ever asking her again. 'Say something, please...' she requested, growing more and more concerned that she'd only succeeded in putting another dent in their relationship. He paused for another second and then sighed and nodded before leaning his forehead against hers, the simple gesture gave Ella the reassurance she needed that they were going to be alright. 'You're right, you're always right.' he confirmed and pulled her to his chest to hold her tightly, she gave into him without question. 'I'm glad you're not mad at me.' she mumbled into his chest and he responded with a slight laugh. 'I don't think there's much point being mad at you, right now. I'd rather just enjoy the time we have with one another before the next storm hits.' he replied softly. They sat in their slightly awkward embrace for a long time before they somehow migrated back onto the bed where they settled down quickly. They fell asleep in one another's arms for the first time in a long time and it felt right. When they awoke easily the next morning with the sound of Bones' alarm their eyes opened easily and it made them smile to see one another there again, like an affirmation that it wasn't just a dream, they had really reconciled. For a brief moment in the calm of their artificial morning, all thoughts of threat disappeared and they forgot about the man stalking throughout the ship with the intention of disrupting their happiness. They forgot about everything except for the pure bliss of waking up next to one another because nothing else mattered; they had everything they needed from one another right there. For those peaceful few minutes neither of them spoke a word, they just lay and smiled at one another, once again sinking into the familiarity of being around one another. It was like nothing had happened, no time had passed apart, they were safe. Duty called though, and they were forced to leave one another's arms for the harsh reality on board the ship. Once they were showered and back in their Starfleet uniforms some of their comfort around one another dissipated and they were able to remember the appropriate way to act around one another as colleagues. Romance on board a ship wasn't prohibited, in fact it was expected, but there was a certain way to act around one another that was allowed. They could be in love and be professional at the same time and they prided themselves in that. Their first project of the day was another meeting with Jim and some heads of security to try and flush out Andrew. Ella gave a decent account of what Andrew looked like and what he was like to them all again and once again it seemed to give her a degree of discomfort so Bones held out his hand to her in support, a gesture she greatly appreciated. After the meeting was over Ella needed a few minutes to separate herself again and bring herself back into a working persona so she took some time to sit in the commissary and look out a window into the rush of stars that passed. Bones gave her a few minutes alone before he came and sat beside her, she felt his presence but didn't feel the need to acknowledge it. 'There's stuff you're not saying.' Bones commented quietly. 'I'm not saying you have to tell me, but it might make things easier for you if you get it all out.' he suggested and her expression didn't change as she looked out of the window. They sat in silence for another couple of minutes before Ella took a deep breath and turned to smile at him. 'Do you remember the night we met?' she asked and he laughed. 'I'm not sure I can ever forget that, even though I was drunk.' he replied, blushing a little at the memory. 'That night I was with Andrew before I went out, he invited over this other chick and tried to make me have a threesome with her and him. I didn't want to and he threatened me, coaxed me, the whole shebang, and I knew that he was gonna sleep with her anyway and I knew it wasn't the first time he had slept with her either and I was so tired of it. I went to leave and he grabbed my arm, he pushed me right up against the wall and I didn't know what he was going to do, so I hit him right in the nose. He cried like a baby but I didn't stick around to let him hit me back, I got out and called Nyota, I decided I needed to get black-out drunk to just try and forget. I intended to go back to him, I always did, he would put the charm back on the next day and make me feel sorry for him. Then I met you. I don't know what it was about you but you were kind and you didn't expect anything from me and part of me fell for you right then and there. Even if I never saw you again I knew I would be a little bit in love with you for the rest of my life. That memory, me and you together in that smoky, crowded bar would be one of the best memories of my whole life. And that was the tipping point for me, knowing that there were decent guys out there who didn't always want something from me, knowing that I could do better. Once again Leonard McCoy you saved my life, it was the first time of many.' Bones listened in silence, just letting her talk without commenting. He had never known the extent of her relationship with this man even when he had known it hadn't been good. He knew that Ella's ex was dangerous but he had never known the full extent of it all. He wondered if she had ever even told anyone this much, as she spoke he got the impression like she was getting it all off her chest for the first time and he allowed himself a small amount of pride in her and a small amount of feeling honoured that he was the first person she was entrusting this story to. 'Anyway, so I left him pretty quickly after that and sorted my life out. I put him out of my mind and tried to forget about that dark part of my life. I wanted it to be over so badly that I did everything I could to move on; and now he's come back into my life and he's trying to act like he has some claim on me or something and I can't help feeling like there's nothing I can do - nothing at all. I'm scared of him, Bones. I'm scared because I know that he will do anything to hurt people, to hurt those I love especially. He's got this weird obsession with me, and if he can't have me then he'll make sure that nobody can.' she told him and when she was finished she was shaking slightly and her face was pale. Bones wrapped his arms around her and kissed her forehead in a way that he hoped was comforting. 'Hey, hey it's okay...' he reassured her and she felt like she ought to cry but she couldn't will any more tears to come so she sat there and leant against his chest, closing her eyes and allowing herself to be infiltrated by his warmth. 'We've got something that he hasn't.' Bones told her and she detached herself from him enough to look into his face. 'What?' she asked and he smiled. 'Each other.' he said and she couldn't help but laugh and punch him playfully in the arm as punishment. 'Alright there Mr. Cheese.' she laughed and allowed him to pull her back to his chest. 'Okay I'm sorry that was a cheap one.' he apologised and they sat in a comfortable silence for a few seconds, readjusting to one another's scents and enjoying one another's arms. 'In all seriousness though...' he began and Ella closed her eyes and held him tighter, she had missed him so much. 'I think maybe we should talk about protection.' he said and she fought back another giggle as her mind went in a completely different direction, she was becoming more like herself with every passing second in his company. 'The security will be fine but I'd feel much more comfortable if you were close by, I want to be able to protect you.' he told her and she detached herself from him again and rested her hands on his shoulders, pretending to brush off some imaginary lint. 'If I recall correctly I had to whoop some ass to save you.' she told him and he smiled a little before looking at her seriously. 'You won't marry me, and that's fine!' he said quickly as her face dropped slightly as she worried that he was going to express his disappointment at her rejection of his marriage proposal. 'But will you at least move in with me?' he asked and she was momentarily taken aback; moving in with Bones permanently wasn't something that had really crossed her mind under the present circumstances. She tried to say something in response but her mouth opened and closed without producing any sound, much to her disappointment, so Bones decided it was safer that he just continue. 'There are special cabins set aside for couples who want to move in together, all we have to do is put in a request and I'm sure it'll be approved. If you think I'm jumping the gun a little again then please say so but I'm being serious when I say that I think this is the best option for us right now.' he explained carefully and she allowed her eyes to wander and rest in a soft focus in the middle distance as her brain tried to process her shock. She thought it over, again and again, almost like she was trying to find a flaw in the plan but the reality of it was she liked the idea. She brought her attention back to him as he was waiting anxiously for her answer and she smiled but Bones had already begun his next entreaty. 'We're going to be on this ship for the next five years minimum and I am tired of us dithering about in our relationship. I'm tired of us pretending that we're not going to end up in the same place we've always known we were going to end up. It makes sense for us to move in together, if we don't then we're just delaying the inevitable.' he said and she put a finger up to his lips to shush him. 'Firstly, your breath smells terrible in the morning and I've never told you because I've been too scared to hurt your feelings.' she told him and he couldn't suppress his laugh. 'But this is the kind of thing I need to be honest about, if we're going to live together.' she concluded softly. 'So that's a yes?' Bones asked and she nodded, taking his hands in her own. 'It's a yes.' she confirmed quietly and they smiled at one another for a few more moments before she leaned up to him and kissed him softly.
