Disclaimer: No, I don't own Star Trek, in case you were wondering. AN: IDK if this is a prologue or a first chapter so much as a little of both, since this is a major AU (yet not, you'll get it) and I felt the need to explain some of the differences, though I didn't feel like simply rewriting some of the scenes in the movie closely enough to do it. This chapter will be mainly, if not entirely from Sam's POV; you'll see why. Also I'm kinda copping out right here by telling you this is a genderbend and not typing out the birth scene, so yeah. Jane (Janie) Tabitha Kirk is a girl. So there you go. Lastly I'm sorry for the lack of dialogue; I'm just not that good at it. Samuel George Kirk blazed down the empty dirt-road leading away from his pathetic excuse of a family home in the old, dusty convertible that his goddamned stepfather was so goddamned proud of, even if it wasn't his, but his actual father's. The thought of drunk old Frank being proud anything would've made him snort if he hadn't realized the previous evening how true it was when he'd heard him negotiating a wickedly high price for it on the phone. That's what had brought him to this. There was no way in hell he was letting that monster sell his father's car, the one and only thing belonging to George Kirk that Winona had ever kept, to his knowledge, anyway. He was just sorry that he'd dragged his poor little sister into it. He knew she didn't deserve the punishment she was probably going to end up getting for leaving the house anyway. Sam looked over at his sister with a twinge of regret. Maybe he shouldn't have done this. Frank never let her out of the house, except for school, and even then he constantly insisted that she wear long pants and shirts, and now Sam was starting to understand why. Looking over at his sister, arms clasped over her knees curled tightly into her chest and wide-eyed, he glanced remorsefully at the scrapes and bruises littering her arms and legs. The bastard had abused her; ever since Sam grew old enough to start fighting back he'd taken to abusing his sister. 'Fucking coward' Sam thought angrily, though he wasn't entirely sure who he was angry at, Frank, or himself. His hands tightened around the wheel as he felt himself flush with shame. How had he not noticed?! As soon as Frank had stopped beating him he'd felt a relief unlike any he'd ever known, and he'd been too wound up in himself to notice that his sister had become more and more withdrawn, taking on more of the household chores, especially cooking. 'She probably did it in hopes of appeasing him.' Little Janie had grown so melancholy he'd taken to calling her blue jay, which, now that he thought on it was not only mocking, but cruel. Sam felt nauseated with self-loathing; it was his job to protect his sister, since there mother was never there to do it, and he'd failed. Briefly taking in his terrified little sister's bruised limbs once again, he felt horrified at just how terribly he had failed. So it shocked him, when they drove through the barrier that indicated they were about to truly hit rock-bottom, his sister leapt from her seat with an almost squeak, tackling him and knocking both of them over the top the door (the roof had flown off some time ago) and out of the speeding vehicle, onto the hard dirt ground right before it sped off a cliff into nothingness. All he could do was blink up at her shock. She, however, was curling up into his chest, the muffled sounds of words coming out between her hiccupping and tears. "Please, Sammy, don't do that again. Don't ever do that again. I need you. Please don't leave me. Please don't do that again…" She had saved his life, but not just his life, both of their lives. His little blue jay had just saved his life. How could he have been so irresponsible as to think that she would jump out of the car on her own? Sam put his arm around his little sister, his little Janie, and made a vow to himself right there and then that he would change, that he would do everything in his power to keep her safe; he would no longer be the terrible brother that he was, not as long as Jane was there, not as long as she needed him… SEVERAL YEARS LATER ON TARSUS IV The famine had stricken them all terribly. His little sister was literally wasting away before him and there was nothing he could do about it, nothing he could do to keep his vow, no matter how hard he tried, and oh, had he tried. After the incident with the convertible, the police had stepped in and Frank had been sent to jail for child abuse and neglect; Winona was nearly brought up on the same charges until he had objected that there really was nothing she could have done, having been off-world and out-of-touch too often and too long to really take notice. Having grown up with her when their father was still alive, Sam knew that she cared for them, just not enough to be there. Her profound grief drove her to work constantly in order to prevent severe depression from taking over. In the end she was deemed unfit to be their guardian and they were sent to live with her brother and his wife on the Terran colony. The next several years on the colony couldn't be called anything but peaceful. Luckily his sister hadn't been at all offended at his continued use of her old nickname, and, her having grown quite fond of listening to and mimicking the wide variety of birdcalls that were to be found the tropical planet, it only became more appropriate, and when their aunt and uncle learned of it, it simply stuck. Despite no longer being forced to do so, she displayed a continued desire to cook and bake, and became quite infamous for her white chocolate macadamia nut cookies. Jane was still shy, though she became much more willing to come out of her shell as she grew older. Sam was immensely proud of his sister for her strength and capacity for forgiveness, even if he was rather envious of the latter, as he could not find it in himself to forgive anyone for anything as easily as his sister did, especially when it came to hurting her. He had to be a good older brother after all; he'd learned his lesson. When the famine came, however, there was nothing he could do about it; there was no brotherly act he could perform that would relieve her hunger, no brotherly affection he could show that could ease the ache in her belly, no brotherly, protective hugs he could give her to raise the skin from her bones. They all did their best, gathering roots from wild plants, the only things that were barely edible, parsing them, boiling them, mashing them down to almost nothing before they could even be ingested, paranoid of possibly eating the poisonous heavy metals that made the other parts of the planet's wild greenery inedible. They shuddered every time they passed the bright, wild berries that their aunt and uncle had eaten to test if they were safe, only to find a few hours later that they weren't. Sam tried every evening to push his tiny share of bland, sticky gray mass onto her plate, only to have it shoved directly in his face on her spoon. Jane knew very well what he was trying to do, but she was having none of it, insistent that he would need the energy to look for more tomorrow and that that was the best way to look out for her and he could not deny that; the roots were getting harder to find by the day, and the even smaller rations given to them by Kodos barely provided enough energy to dig them up, let alone go farther into the dense forests looking for them. Never before the famine had Sam a reason to curse Tarsus IV's hot, humid climate, that now zapped too much of his, everyone's strength daily. Helplessness consumed him as he watched his little blue jay finish her meager plate of "food", sighing almost imperceptibly as she did so. Before he could say anything, make her reassurances of some sort, a sharp knock came at the door. They both jerked up, startled, and both walked hurriedly to see who it was. Sam knew Janie hoped against hope that Starfleet would come, just as fervently as he despaired that they never would, though he always displayed the opposite, if only for her sake. Upon opening the door, the siblings felt a little stunned to see a man with a long phaser standing there… WHOAH, CLIFFHANGER! I THINK WE ALL KNOW WHAT HAPPENS FROM THERE THOUGH, SO, EVEN MORE YEARS LATER, BACK ON EARTH Working as a bartender at the local bar was not an easy job for Sam G. Kirk. It especially wasn't an easy job when people acted inappropriately towards the wait staff. Add on the fact that the wait staff currently being acted inappropriately towards was his little sister and goddammit if he wasn't gonna get fired for assaulting a customer, again. Sam was in the midst of filling a rather large drink order from a rather pretty dark skinned Starfleet cadet when he heard a squeak followed by the sound of a tray being dropped. Looking up abruptly he saw another, rather large Starfleet cadet with his hand on his little Janie's skirt and before the idiot knew what hit him (literally) Sam had leapt over the bar and had promptly begun breaking his face. Faintly he heard Janie's distressed calls of "Sammy, don't! I'm okay! You'll get fired again!" But something in the back of his mind snapped that it was too late, and he stalled as his sister fell silent, terrified that he might have spoken that thought aloud. However, when he looked up he noticed that a graying man in a black Starfleet uniform was snapping at people to get out, which the cadets did with particular urgency, excepting the groaning man beneath him. Janie, head down, tried quickly to skirt around him but let out another, quieter squeak when the man, officer, he corrected himself, laid a hand on her shoulder and shook his head, gently telling her to stay put. Sam glared up at the stranger's offered hand and got up by himself, putting a protective arm around Janie who shrunk in on herself guiltily, trying to attract as little attention as possible. "Go on and get yourself patched up, Cupcake." The man sighed exasperatedly at the cadet still sprawled on the floor, who struggled to his feet, glaring and muttering insults on his way out. "Why don't we sit down and talk?" the officer more ordered than asked, looking at them both interestedly. Sam huffed, but did as he was told; Starfleet officers are the worst people to go around punching. Janie meekly sat down in the chair next to him, still not looking up, and the officer sat across from them both. "I'm Captain Christopher Pike." He stated, extending his hand in greeting. "Sam Kirk." Pike's eyebrows rose at that, then even more so when Sam simply stared at his hand, refusing to take it, and he started to retract it. "Um, Jane…" Sam's little sister mumbled before she briefly glanced at Pike's face and, giving his hand a brief, timid shake, withdrew it just as quickly and began fiddling with her hair. His eyebrows rose even further, if that were at all possible. "Well, it's a pleasure to meet the both of you. Y'know I was friends with your father back at the Academy," Jane straightened up a little hearing that, focusing her gaze on Pike, though her fingers never left her dark blonde locks. Sam merely narrowed his eyes. "And he used to tell me all the time about how proud he was of his son." Here he looked pointedly at Sam, who crossed his arms and looked away. "Now I come across you all grown up and getting into bar fights? At your own job?" he proclaimed incredulously. "And from what I've heard this isn't your first time, either." Jane squirmed in her seat uncomfortably. She knew they were all her fault; her brother was only ever protecting her. "It's none of your business what I do or don't do, however you knew my father." Sam spat cuttingly. Jane furrowed her brow, opening her mouth as if she might object- "Yeah, but don't you think you were meant for something greater?" Pike interjected, beating her to it. "You have so much potential, you both do," Jane's jaw snapped shut and she shrank back in her seat, not expecting to be brought into this, "And yet you squander it away by staying here, taking one meaningless job after another until you get fired. Do you really enjoy being the only genius repeat offender in the Midwest?" Sam's teeth clenched. "Especially when you're not the only one you have to worry about?" That got to him. Instantly Sam straightened in his seat, sending a worried, guilt-ridden glance at his little Janie, who looked for the entire world like she wanted to be anywhere else right now, brow furrowed in anguish as her fingers twisted her hair even more tightly around her knuckles. "I-," he hesitated. What is it to this stranger, this Starfleet Captain, what he did with his life, how he took care of his sister? Yet his tone of voice seemed to imply that he cared, he really and truly cared what happened to them, and it had been a long time since he'd heard that. Looking him once again in the face he found that the man was being completely honest with him, even if he had some sort of inscrutable glint in his eye. "Why don't you try Starfleet? Follow in your father's footsteps?" "What?" Sam blinked. Jane relaxed her grip slightly, tilting her head curiously at his proposition. "If you don't like it, you can always catch a shuttle right back here; I think I could even persuade the Academic Council to give you both full scholarships to the Academy, provided you're willing to put in the effort of course." Pike smirked. Sam turned to gaze thoughtfully at his little blue jay, only to belatedly realize the continuing accuracy of that nickname as blue eyes brighter than a winter sky gazed back him. He rolled his eyes at his little sister's antics, knowing he could never say no when she looked at him like that, and that, even if she wouldn't go without him, he would never live it down if he didn't. She had always admired Starfleet, even if it was what kept their mother away from them. Once again the envy of her capacity for forgiveness crept up on him. "Yeah, I guess…we could…give it a shot…" he sighed. If that's where his sister wanted to go, then he would go to, if only to make her happy. "Shuttle leaves at 0900 tomorrow morning." Pike smiled before getting up and extending his hand once again for Sam to shake. Huffing, he reluctantly did so this time around. Jane, in contrast, grasped the captain's hand in both of hers and bounced up and down, squealing excitedly. "Thankyouthankyouthankyou! Oh, we won't let you down sir, I promise!" Then, realizing what she just did, her eyes widened almost comically as she snapped her hands back to herself and mumbled something about collecting their final paycheck before scurrying towards the manager's office, hiding behind a curtain of hair. Pike simply shook his head and took his leave, grinning. THE NEXT MORNING Arriving just after 0830 with all their most essential belongings stuffed into duffel bags slung over their shoulders, brother and sister approached the dock yard, gazing up in awe at the nearly completed starship being built. "Nice to see you, Mr. and Ms. Kirk." A familiar voice prodded them out of their wonderings. Pike smirked amusedly while getting a random cadet to take their bags. Once they stepped onto the shuttle Sam felt more than a little out of place to see that they were the only ones not wearing a Starfleet-issued uniform. He hid that discomfort upon noticing a certain bald-headed man sitting nearby and smirked at his bruised visage. Then he steered his sister farther down the aisle of seats, taking a couple towards the rear across from the young lady he'd been in the process of serving when the whole debacle started, who quirked an eyebrow at him. Sam smiled sheepishly, "I'm sorry I kind of almost knocked you over last night." "Mhmm." "I, uh, I guess I owe you a few shots, miss…?" "Uhura." "Miss Uhura, right, um… I really am sorry about-," "Don't worry about it, I understand." She regarded Janie for a moment, who shifted uncomfortably under her stare. "But I will take you up on that offer sometime, mister…?" "Uh, Kirk. Sam, Kirk…" "Mister Kirk." She flashed a brief smirk. (Hey, that rhymed! Lol) Then shouting was heard as several of the shuttle personnel dragged a very loudly protesting older man in civilian clothing out of the rear lavatory and plopped him down in the seat next to Janie, who once again began to fidget uncomfortably. Sam frowned. Uhura simply raised an eyebrow, unimpressed. The man then leaned over towards Janie as he began fastening his seatbelt. "I have necrophobia, do you know what that is? A fear of dying. Space is a vacuum and if even one of these windows loosens ever so slightly, the pressure in this cabin'd drop so fast we'd all explode, then the temperature'd dop and our insides'd freeze and all the air would rush out so whatever's left of us would suffocate and there's no one to stop us from gravitatin' right into the sun where the shuttle'd explode and we'd all burn to death." All of this the Southern-accented man said in one breath and without ever taking the intensity of his dark eyes off of the fidgeting young blonde next him. "B-but, Starfleet is all about w-working in space-," his sister managed to get out. "Yeah, I know, but the wife left me no choice. Took half the planet in the goddamn divorce and left me with nothin' but my bare bones." He snorted, then unexpectedly softened. "Leonard McCoy. I'm on the medical track. Might I inquire as to what a pretty young lady such as yourself is going into the Academy for?" He inquired gently. Sam burned silent holes in this McCoy's head, though he seemed to go unnoticed. "I, um, Jane. Probably ps-psychology…" she trailed off uncertainly, looking askance at her brother, who did not look at all happy about the man's flirting. "Well since we might have a few classes together, and because it would be impolite, I'll try not to throw up on you or your body guard over there." McCoy smiled at them before taking out a silver flask and taking a large gulp. "You look like you need it with him around." He held it out to the blonde who looked at Sam once again before turning back and bashfully shaking her head. "Who is your overzealous boyfriend there, anyway?" he teased, though not blaming him, seeing as she was quite attractive, and he would most likely react the same way to someone flirting with her were she his partner, though he would definitely be much more vocal about it. Jane's eyes widened in horror at that question and she hid her face, blushing darkly, mortified. Sam's glare intensified at the accusation as he growled angrily, "She's my sister." Uhura laughed so loudly that even Cupcake stared.
Disclaimer: This brilliant writing is by an independent author that don't own NO Trek! AN: Wow, I really didn't expect to get, like, any response, so all those follows and favorites were so awesome, they just inspired me to get writing, so thanks SO much, everyone! If you're just following for the prospect of a good Romance story, imma warn you right here and right now that I have no BetaReader and no fucking clue. Normally my terrible memory and heavy course load would keep me from even reading fanfics, but y'all've been so nice, here I am! -ROCK YOU LIKE A HURRICANE! Lol, sorry, had to. Anyway, imma try and switch to Janie's POV for this one, so we'll see how badly it crashes and burns. FOR SCIENCE! :D Jane stepped off the shuttle bringing her and her now infamous brother back from their summer vacation of more work, and, naturally, more fights, back in Riverside. She sighed. There were only so many places in Riverside to work for, and at this rate Sam'll have been fired from all of them before they graduate. Frustrated, she pursed her lips and gazed down at the empty slot in the early morning of her schedule this year. She got the feeling that she knew exactly what she was going to fill it with, after all her brother couldn't look after her forever, and he couldn't keep getting fired because of her either. Preoccupied with exactly how she wanted to go about implementing her little idea, she only partially acknowledged her brother's goodbye, knowing she would see him later. Her legs carried her automatically towards the suite-style dorm she had shared since freshman year with Uhura (much to her amusement), Christine and Gaila. They'd all become great friends after all, so maybe they could help her with this. Before she could even finish that train of thought she walked right into a wall. 'Leonard's right. I do need to stop staring at the ground when I walk.' She thought absentmindedly, then looking up, realized it wasn't a wall. "Oh… Oh. O-oh! I am s-so sorry! I um, I, I-," Jane quickly gathered her things against her chest, and clutched her arms to herself tightly as intense brown eyes stared down at her with one eyebrow quirked, the lack of emotion seeming paradoxically intense. "S-so, so s-sorry, u-um, sir-," She noticed belatedly the black color of his uniform and felt herself go pink with embarrassment. The gazes resting on her only made her feel worse. "S-sir, um, C-commander? Captain? I, uh-," And god dammit why didn't he just say something?! Couldn't he see her floundering here?! She was shaking for Pete's sake! "Commander will do just fine, thank you." "A-ah, yes, Commander, I-I, ah, apologize f-for, um-," Here her rather impressive string of words was smoothly cut short as his once again eerily inflectionless baritone silenced her. "At ease Cadet, I assure you no offense was taken." The Commander's head quirked subtly to one side, his eyebrow falling but otherwise remaining expressionless. "Y-yes, Commander, th-thank you." She snapped off what must have been a warp speed salute before hastily ducking away from the unnerving man. Jane hunched her shoulders in, hoping to lose his intensely empty gaze as she slipped into the crowd. The feeling of his eyes boring holes into her head, however, would not leave her for at least an hour yet, and she quite nearly forgot why she was going to talk to her suite-mates before move-in day in the first place. GUESS WHOOOOO DUN-DUN-DUN-DUUUUUUUUUN! ABOUT A WEEK LATER Now that the foggy weather had cleared up, Jane could finally start putting her new morning routine into practice as she filled that annoying free period on her schedule. Having Gaila consent to come with her upon realizing that she too had a morning reprieve in her course load made it just that much more enjoyable. Not only had Jane heard that Tai Chi could be relaxing and good for your health, but also that it built patience, balance, strength, and could even be used as a possible form of self-defense. The club president was a rather amiable (though she may not seem it) Vulcan that prided herself on knowing at least the basics of all forms of martial arts from both the Terran and Vulcan cultures. T'Remberale was quite willing to accept rookies into their sessions, something for which Jane was particularly grateful, as the other, more aggressive martial arts clubs were more for competing than relaxing, and she didn't think she could handle that kind of stress. 'No,' she thought, remembering the unpleasant comments she'd received on her physical capability when trying for the other clubs and dojos on campus, 'I definitely could not handle that.' No matter how encouraging (neutral, but Jane liked to think she was being encouraging) their instructor seemed, Jane still felt oddly out of place, and quite distinctly ungraceful next to her Orion suite-mate. Gaila was moving slowly, steadily and confidently through the various open-handed short forms that T'Remberale was currently teaching them. She moved like opaque green molasses, so fluid it made you think for a second that she may not be solid. Huffing in frustration, Jane quickly realized how ridiculous it was to be jealous over her friend's abilities. Everyone had their talents, after all. That was one thing she knew for certain, seeing as she was the only one in the whole suite that could cook a decent meal without relying on pre-packaged foods, something that her friends had professed envy for on multiple occasions. Really, she had no right to be jealous. Jane flicked her eyes back over her friends' perfect form; she was something though. Not only all of that, but Tai Chi was designed to bring you peace, and she supposed that getting all worked up over how much better at this Gaila was than her wasn't the most peaceful thought to be dwelling on. TRAAAAAANNNNSSSSIIIIITTIIIIOOOO- NOPE! JK, IMMA WRITE THIS ONE OUT As the first semester came to a close, Jane found herself beginning to improve at Tai Chi, even if she occasionally required personal attention from T'Remberale or Gaila in order to master a certain form. She squealed in delight in the middle of their suite, Gaila just having helped her to learn the final form in their latest sequence. Her verdant friend sighed in mock exasperation, but still couldn't keep herself from smiling at her introverted Tai Chi partner. Janie, as she now insisted they all call her, had become much more comfortable with her suite-mates over the semesters of shared stress and midnight munchies. Of course they weren't such close friends that Uhura, as she preferred to be called, would ever tell them anything about the science officer she was snogging, beyond the fact that he was a science officer. Just like how Gaila never revealed all of the juicy details of her nights out partying with her fellow budding archeologists. Christina wouldn't give them any hints as to what kind of research she was helping her xenopathological professor do. And Janie refused to divulge the secret recipe for her infamous, mouth-watering, white chocolate macadamia nut cookies. They all had their secrets, and they all liked to keep it that way. That's not to say that they never poked or prodded or pried. They just respected each other enough to know when to stop, since they all valued their own privacy enough to not deprive the others of it. Many an exam week night were spent giggling and teasing each other over their various idiosyncrasies more than actually studying since none of them were even in the same field. Gaila was in the archeology track. Christine was in the medical track with Leonard, and their classes sometimes coincided with Jane's, who was in the psychology track. Even Uhura's communications track occasionally led her to taking the same classes as Gaila, so they weren't completely isolated, even if they generally had different schedules. Sam ended up being the odd one out, much to Jane's disappointment and discomfort during their freshman year, as he had decided to go into the command track. He was like her security blanket, and not having him around all the time had made her very first semester much more nerve-wracking than it should have been. Luckily Leonard and Christine were there for just enough of her classes that she began to relax, and Sam grudgingly admitted that it was alright for his suite-mate to be around his little sister since he helped her in class. He still flirted, the incorrigible tease, but she'd learned to take it much better after the first few months, though he still made her blush fairly often. Whenever she wasn't cooking, baking, spending time with her friends or brother, or lately, practicing Tai Chi, she was studying. Captain Pike had managed to somehow snag them a full ride at the Academy if they could maintain their grades, and there was no way Jane was going to take that for granted. She noticed the decisions Christine had to make in order to maintain her job down at the mall so she could help pay for her tuition, and she saw just how much sleep Uhura sacrificed to keep her work-study status in order to help pay for her tuition; Gaila's parents were wealthy enough to send her here without debt. So Jane was often easy to find either in the library or behind their dorm building with her nose stuck in a book. None of them wanted to get pushed into active duty in order to pay off severe student loan debts. Sure, they all understood that service would be required of them once they graduated anyway, but Starfleet had more than enough members at the moment and only a limited amount of credits that could go towards their education every year, so in order to raise both recruitment and funding, they kept the Academy open like a regular college, except that if you couldn't pay off your tuition, they would simply recruit you into the Reserves or to small tasks like patrolling a colony or maintaining some random, lonely outpost and take it out of your paycheck. The more you owed them, the more likely you were to get put on active duty and sent to either the Klingon or Romulan border, where the more dangerous and high-paying jobs were. It didn't seem so bad until you did the calculations for whatever little, unimportant post they stuck you in and realized just how many pay checks they'd be swiping from you. Even though the galaxy was certainly crawling with super intelligent species higher education wasn't cheap, and Jane tended to like being able to make her own decisions about where she'd live and what job she'd take, thank you very much. So it certainly wasn't a surprise when Janie grabbed her bag after calming down with a quick glass of water and said she would be out on the common with Leonard, studying for their neurotransmitters quiz. "Girl, I swear, you really should just kiss that man." Gaila grinned mercilessly at her friend's reddening cheeks. Janie just choked out something about coming back later and fled, her hands winding tightly into her long blonde hair as she bit her lip. 'Maybe I should just go to the library today. It is pretty cloudy out.' Nodding, she decided that the library would be her best bet. 'Sammy's probably roping him into something like he usually does anyway.' She mentally rolled her eyes before tucking her head down into her hunched-up shoulders (though she didn't stare at the ground anymore, learned that lesson the hard way, literally) and rushing towards the West side of campus. The library there was particularly nice in that even a few of the Vacuum Rooms (they jokingly called them that due to their complete and total silence) had floor-to-ceiling windows where you could see out onto the bay. Those went fast though, which meant she would have to hurry to get one before the Sunday cram-session students took them all over. "Hey! ...Janie!" She stumbled a bit at the sound of Leonard's voice. "I thought we had a date?" Leonard stared at her, eyebrows furrowed. 'Damn him!' She blushed, automatically averting her gaze towards the sidewalk beneath her feet. She took a shaky breath, prepared to splutter some lame excuse about wanting to be alone when he broke off her train of thought with an easy chuckle. "Relax, sweetheart, I was just teasin' ya." Now blushing with indignity, Janie pressed her lips into a thin line, struggling to keep her exasperated gaze on his stubbly smirking face. "A-are we going to st-study or not?" His face broke out into a full-blown grin at her annoyed tone. "Yeah, sure, I guess." He led her back over to the spot he'd already been occupying when she tried to walk by, PADD lying face-down in the grass; looks like Sammy wasn't keeping him occupied. If there was one thing she'd noticed about her brother, it's that he was certainly much less overbearing when they were on campus. She didn't blame him, though. After all, this place felt more like home to them than Riverside, Iowa did now, or it did to her at least. She could only conclude that Sammy felt the same for him to be acting this way, especially around Leonard, who he'd apparently nearly beat to a pulp during their first week in-suite together. Sighing, she looked sympathetically over at the older Cadet sitting next to her; some things never changed. Brow furrowed in concentration as he skimmed over the chart of empathic neurotransmitters, she couldn't deny that Leonard was a handsome man. He looked back up at her and suddenly Gaila's words raced back to the forefront of her thoughts. "Girl, I swear, you really should just kiss that man." Eyes widening in alarm, she whipped her head back around to face her own PADD and let her hands flutter over the touch screen, trying frantically to remember which excitatory chemical she had been in the process of memorizing; she determined not to think any ore on the subject. "Janie? Are you alright?" He sounded both worried and amused at the same time. "N-n-nothing, it's nothing, nothing…" "If you say so. But it is rude to stare. If you'd wanted to look at me you could've just said so." Oh, she could hear the smirk in that one. 'I need to stop blushing, goddammit!' Janie thought, frustrated with herself for the umpteenth time that day. Sometimes she really wished she had confidence, except that that sometimes was about once every one-and-a-half seconds. Really, she would love to be able to go more than half-a-minute in the company of someone besides her brother without having to curl her bangs around her fingers or bite her lip or shuffle around uncomfortably. Making eye contact and actually being able to speak to her commanding officers would be nice, too. As soon as she graduated and got her officer's commission, she determined that she would take up a position in research, preferably on some tropical, sparsely populated planet where she could spend her time studying the psyche of various non-communicative species. Eventually the clouds started to darken ominously. Declaring their study session officially over with a joking, overly-flourished and elaborate bow, Leonard helped her pack up her things before he unceremoniously shoved all of his materials into his bag. He said a quick goodbye and said he'd give her regards to Sam before breaking into a light jog towards his dorm. Feeling much more at ease now that their study session had gone on as planned and without a hitch, Janie decided to make her way to the library so that she could download a copy of the book her psychology professor had assigned them on Friday. Looking up, she estimated that she would have enough time before the storm hit. Normally she would download this from her dorm, but she had a textbook that she needed to remove from her PADD before she would have enough room for Sybil, and Uhura still hadn't returned her data stick. Striding right for the nearest interface as soon as she walked in, she stumbled for the second time that day upon seeing Uhura. Her back to the door, she had her fingers intertwined with that of a very familiar tall, dark-haired figure. Both were gazing intently at a terminal as he navigated through the library's catalogue. 'Today is just not my day.' Janie mentally cringed as she sucked in a steadying breath and tried to turn around and leave. 'I can always just ask her for the data stick when we-I-she gets ba- CRACK! 'Dammit.' She groaned in her head as the clouds opened up and rain began pouring onto the concrete in front of the sliding glass doors. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the tall man's ears twitch, which, she realized for the first time, were pointed, and no doubt highly sensitive. Fidgeting and hunching her shoulders in, she tried to make herself as indistinct as possible in that bright red Cadet's uniform. She felt her suite-mate turn around, and was in the middle of frantically debating whether or not it was worth going out there just to avoid her when the long fingernails inevitably tapped her on the shoulder. Feeling Uhura's irritated gaze bore into her back, she merely hunched her shoulders even more in guilt and trepidation. Her hands automatically found their way into her hair and clenched tightly. "It's alright, Janie, I'm not mad at you." Uhura sighed gently. Jane slowly relaxed her muscles at this reassurance, letting her digits resume their normal tangling with her hair, though her eyebrows were still scrunched doubtfully as she turned her head to peek at her friend. When nothing but weariness and amusement met her gaze, she shuffled around to face them fully. Her eyes darted around the room, looking anywhere but at her suite-mate and her rather impassive boyfriend; she frowned a bit. Wasn't she forgetting someth- "Oh!" she exclaimed suddenly, snapping to attention. "I-I'm so sorry, Commander! …a-again…" She blinked, shame and embarrassment trickling into her voice. 'I wouldn't be surprised if my face is now permanently frozen in a worried expression.' Janie thought bitterly to herself. Uhura recovered from her surprise only to hide her face in her hands as she attempted to quiet her giggling. Sometimes her suite-mate was just too funny. Her boyfriend, on the other hand, merely raised an eyebrow. "There is no need to formally recognize me off-duty, Cadet." "O-oh…" She relaxed her posture uncertainly, still finding his regard uncomfortable. "Oh! That's right! Janie, this is…" Here Uhura paused momentarily, as if unsure how to introduce her own boyfriend "Spock. Spock, this is my suite-mate, Jane, y'know, the one that made those cookies you like so much!" 'What?! When did she give him my cookies?!' She blinked. 'And isn't Spock one of her language prof- Oh, shit…' Janie's eyes were saucers as she switched her gaze back and forth between the two. 'No wonder she didn't want anyone to know about this…'
Disclaimer: Unfortunately, I'm not THAT rich… AN: Sorry for some mistakes 'n things, like whenever I upload it, most my transitions get un-underlined, and other grammatical errors that I'm too lazy to go back and fix even though they annoy the crap out of me. Also, it turns out Gaila was a mechanic/computer info major, which is how the illustrious capitaine cheated in the movie, but that shouldn't be a problem here. Anyway, enjoy, duckies! ^^ "U-umm…" Janie stammered. "N-Nice to mee-meet you, uh, Commander? Spock…?" She floundered, squirming a bit as Uhura's eyes glittered expectantly at her. After a brief moment of hesitation she slowly extended her hand. The Vulcan (she didn't know any other race with those ears) looked from his partner back to Janie with seeming newfound interest after hearing the bit about her cookies. Simply staring at her, however, he refused to take her hand, and barely even glanced at it. Embarrassed when she suddenly remembered the significance that tactile contact carried in the Vulcan culture as T'Remberale had lectured her when she first asked for assistance, she withdrew her hand, wincing. 'Now he just thinks I'm ignorant and socially impaired; nice job, Janie.' "It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance as well." He nodded. Janie relaxed her shoulders minutely when he didn't comment on her blunder. Maybe he wasn't quite as judgmental as she thought he was. Uhura let out an almost inaudible sigh of relief and seemed to relax, which explained a lot. Clearly she was tired of having to hide her boyfriend from everyone, and judging from the way she shot Janie a grateful look it must've been her idea. Her Vulcan partner, on the other hand, was as neutral as a spectator to a sporting event that he didn't care to be at, sliding his gaze from one young woman to another. "So, um, I was wondering i-if I could get my data stick back, uh, please…?" I shuffled a bit, uncomfortably glancing around the bustling first floor, all the study groups and project teams unaware of the storm still raging outside, or just not paying attention, as college students are wont to do. "Hm? Oh, sure!" My suite-mate dug around in her bag for a bit before handing me the tiny piece of polycarbonate and metal. "So, how did your study session with Leonard go?" She flashed a sly grin. "You're all gonna be the death of me one day." Janie groaned, grabbing the data stick from Uhura and getting out her PADD. She walked over to an empty table and sat down to begin downloading and reading her book. If her friend expected her to talk about those sorts of things in front of her rather icy boyfriend, whom she just met, she had another thing coming. She wasn't that comfortable around Mr. Pointy yet. Her roommates gave her enough grief, and her brother gave him enough threats. He gave everyone enough threats as a matter of fact. At this realization she frowned; she really should stop him before he picked a fight with someone he couldn't handle, as if he hadn't done that before, but they were in a bigger world now, where connections mattered and you couldn't go beating people up around every corner. Putting down her PADD she looked outside; it was still pouring. Huffing, she picked her PADD back up to see that Sybil was ready and raring to go, her Xenoneurology text book neatly stored in her data stick for later. Smiling, she figured that she would probably be there for a while, so she decided that she might as well go get herself a hot drink. Being one of the few things in the library café that wasn't replicated, their coffee tended to be a bit pricey, but damn if those mochas weren't worth it. Lecturing her brother could wait until after the storm died down, after all, the odds of him getting into much trouble right now were probably slim; he was probably in just as much of a tizzy over doing all of his homework last-minute as everyone else here. She was about to grab her things and head upstairs to the quieter levels to avoid all of the racket when who but Cold and Calculating himself has to take the seat in front of her. 'No. No. No. No.' Janie flicked her eyes over to her suite-mate, who was smiling encouragingly at her beau. 'I did not come here for spontaneous bonding time!' She pleaded with her eyes. Looking reluctantly back at the Commander he seemed to be messaging his girlfriend with his regard also, something along the same lines, probably. It's not like she blamed him. Both of their expressions and body language just screamed "awkward", as awkward as a Vulcan could look to be, anyway. Janie could understand her friend's desire to have others approve of her boyfriend, but clearly neither of them wanted this, and other than there not being another seat, there was no reason why she had to have them do it alone. Deflated, she picked her PADD up and halfheartedly tried to appear engrossed in her book, occasionally taking sips of her coffee as she did so. Maybe if she looked occupied enough he wouldn't address her, so she wouldn't have to interact with him. "Your features bear a certain resemblance to another student of mine by the name of Samuel George Kirk. Am I correct in assuming that you are related?" He more stated than asked. 'Dammit.' Flicking her gaze up to his and then back down again she nodded briefly. 'Wait.' She blinked. 'He knows my brother? Oh God, he knows my brother.' She cringed mentally, slowly raising her eyes back up, only to notice that his eyes were narrowed in concentration slightly. It was as if his ultra-advanced Vulcan mind couldn't seem to register how in the cosmos her bold, hot-tempered brother could possibly be related to her in any way other than the physical. All she could think to do was smile at him sheepishly and fiddle with her PADD. "I-I'm so sorry if he has caused any t-trouble in class, sir. He can be rather, uh…protective, and, er, temperamental…" "So I have noticed, Cadet Kirk." Some bonding, but if he made an effort, she supposed it would only be polite if she did the same. "I-I'm sorry about, uh, earlier, when I tried to- my Tai Chi instructor has told me it-it's not p-polite to, um, y-y'know, with the hands, because Vulcans are, uh-" "Apology accepted, Cadet. It was a simple lapse of etiquette. As a half-human, my mother has instructed me of Terran greetings." "Oh." That would explain why he wouldn't have been averse to trying one of my cookies. Even if white chocolate isn't technically chocolate (yes, there was a reason I chose that cookie in particular), most Vulcans don't know that, and would refuse it simply on the grounds of what it's called. "S-so I take it y-your mother t-taught you about, uh, Terran, food?" "Yes, although she does not cook very often, as she does not know many vegetarian recipes." Though he delivered it emotionlessly, Janie almost imagined that she could hear wistfulness in his tone. Vulcans tend to be adamant about preferring actual food to anything out of a replicator, most likely due to the fact that they were very fond of certain flavors in their dishes that could only be created using spices containing chemicals that were poisonous to most of the other races in Starfleet. Here on Earth, most urban or suburban places used replicators for high convenience and low cost. If his mother didn't grow up in the country like Janie did, she probably wouldn't know how to cook very much, and even if she did pass all of those skills down to him, Janie seriously doubted that he had much time to cook for himself, being a Commander, Science Officer, and professor for Xenolinguistics. "W-well um, maybe I could give it a uh, maybe I could, g-give it a shot?" It couldn't hurt. She'd made a few dishes for T'Remberale as thanks for helping her in private before. Janie tugged at her bangs a bit as he seemed to be considering her offer. 'That was so stupid! Now what's Uhura gonna think? I don't wanna look like I'm trying to steal Tall Dark and Silent here!' "U-um, i-it, uh, w-we could invite e-everyone, after, um, after m-midterms, maybe?" "That sounds perfectly agreeable. I shall inform Nyota." With that the Vulca- half-Vulcan, she reminded herself, probably glad of an excuse to leave the table, got up and nodded to her, pushing his chair in before he went off to find his girlfriend. Janie sighed in relief, all but face-planting into her mocha. That was intense. As she took a moment to calm down and finish her cooling drink, the entirety of the conversation slapped her right in the prefrontal cortex and she nearly choked on her precious caffeine. She had just invited the very definition of "cold shoulder" to a big dinner with her and all of her friends in less than a month; and she volunteered to cook that dinner. Groaning, she gathered her things, tossed her empty cup into the nearest recycle bin, and made her way up the stairs as quickly as she could before she get herself into anything worse. After the storm finally settled, she slowly made her way back to the suite and saw her friends chillin' on the sofa, snacking on crab rangoons and steamed dumplings. She rolled her eyes; Christine worked in the food court at some mall they always forgot to visit her at downtown, and apparently the manager of the Chinese food stand had a thing for her, so she almost always ended up bringing back something. They were always the envy of the hallway for having the best food- free takeout, non-replicated baked goods, homemade fried chicken whenever Leonard visited his 70-something-year-old grandma to convince her to stop eating it because her plaque buildup was "as thick as Sam's skull when he thinks he's right." Gaila winked at her when she sat down and plucked a rangoon from the bag. "So, did you follow my advice?" Janie froze, her jaw hanging open and the fried flower of absolute deliciousness stopped in the middle of its trip to her taste buds. 'Oh dear God…' "Ooooh, what advice?" Christine giggled mischievously. Uhura grinned expectantly at the Orion, who smirked deviously. "I told her that she should kiss Leonard. They had a little study-date today!" The others ooh-ed and giggled appropriately. "For your information, I did nothing of the sort." Janie stated firmly, popping the crunchy wonton in her mouth as a sign that she refused to divulge anything more on the subject. "Aww, c'mon!" "Janiiie!" "That man really does like you, you know that, right?" "He does not! It's just a little friendly banter, flirting, whatever! The point is that Leonard does not have romantic feelings for me!" She denied vehemently before taking a bite out of another rangoon. "That doesn't mean that you don't have romantic feelings for him." Her eyes widened when this was pointed out to her and she almost choked on her food. 'Dammit!' After some snickering and a few gulps of water she firmly declared "I do not have romantic feelings for Leonard. Sure, he's attractive, bu-" "See! You do like him!" "That's no-" "Oh, come on. Leonard asks me about you every day in class!" "He asks about all of us every day in class!" "Well yeah, but what about your brother?! You know how protective he is! Sam wouldn't argue nearly so much with Leonard if he didn't like you!" "That's a low blow and you know it." Janie deadpanned. "Still!" "You guys should so hook up!" "Y'know, you're so lucky to have suite-mates that are romantically competent." Oh, that was rich; Janie rolled her eyes at that one. "You're one to talk." "I wanted you to get to know each other since you seemed to be so uncomfortable with each other!" "So you thought leaving us sitting alone together awkwardly would be the best solution?" "But now look, you even invited him over to dinner!" "Pshh…" "He seemed rather excited about that, actually. Should I be worried about anything?" "Oh, God, no." Janie combed her fingers through her hair. "That's why I invited everyone." Christine cut in when Uhura opened up her mouth to reply by sticking a steamed dumpling in her maw, inciting a glare from the tawny-skinned female. "Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa. Hold on a sec there. What in the galaxy are you talking about?" Unable to reply due to furious chewing, Janie stopped giggling to answer "I ran into Nyota and her man on accident at the library a while ago having their own little study-date!" She then leaned over to Gaila and pretended to whisper loudly "Make-out session!" Uhura's face went bright red at that, her chewing turning into a long, embarrassed swallow. 'Did she really think I didn't know what a Vulcan kiss is? By their standards, her "honorable professor" might as well have been half-naked with her on a table in the middle of the café.' Gaila fell back on the arm of the sofa, convulsing in laughter "Hahahahahaha! Y-you really are one to t-talk! Hahahahahaha! Th-the irony! Hahahaha!" Christine's jaw probably would've unhinged if she weren't smiling so widely at the same time "Oh. My. God. Did you seriously?!" Janie just nodded. "This means you can't hold back anymore!" Christine squealed. "Who is he? What species is he? What does he look like? Is he hot? Any firsts yet? Is he good in bed?" Uhura spit her water all over the table at Christine's last question. Janie started giggling so hard she started snorting trying to catch her breath. Gaila rolled over onto the floor, almost hitting her head on the coffee table as she positively shrieked with laughter. When Uhura recovered from her brief coughing fit she sat up, breathing heavily, and stared incredulously at the excited platinum blonde bouncing in her seat, eyes glittering with anticipation and smile curving up with mischief. Huffing, Uhura refused to even speak until they stopped laughing at her, telling them that they were acting like immature children. "Haha, s-says the g-girl who hahaha, ha-has to hide her b-boyfriend!" "Yeah, in plain sight!" A new round of laughter started up, and Christine joined in, unable to hold it in anymore. "Wh-what happened, ahaha, to-to your prefect pre- haha, precautions? Hahahahaha!" The girl in mention puffed her cheeks out indignantly, sending Janie into a new round of snorts and Christine onto her knees besides Gaila, who had half brought herself up, starting to calm down and saw her suite-mate's face, pointing and falling back down anew with cackles. "I really don't understand how this is can be so funny to you." Uhura snapped, irritated, as she folded her arms and kicked her feet up onto the table. "I-I'm so, so ss-hahahaha-sorry ahahaha!" Janie doubled over putting her hands over her face as she tried to control herself. "Y-yeah, hahaha, me, haha, to, hahahahaha!" Grabbing a cheap napkin, Christine blotted at the tears beginning to leak from her eyes. Their Orion suite-mate simply let her laughter die out as she lay there on the floor and clutched at her stomach "Hahahahahaha, oh, oh God, hahahaha, oh, it hurts, hahahaha, it-it hurts, hahahahahaha!" After they'd all calmed down, Uhura raised her brow "Are you done now?" "Haha, yeah, I, haha, I think so…" Gaila pulled herself back onto the couch and lay down with her head in Janie's lap, who began idly playing with her beautiful red hair. "Janie walked in on us spending some quality time- Don't you even start!" She smarted, hearing Gaila start snorting "Helping-" Here she glanced at Janie who gave her a look that just said one of them was gonna say it, one way or another. She sighed "helping my boyfriend Spock do a little research in the library. We were just holding hands, alright?" Of course, being the only other one in the room that attended Tai Chi with Janie and therefore had T'Remberale as an instructor, Gaila figured it out almost instantly. Her eyes widened and she looked at Janie, who winked at her, folding her fingers together like she saw Spock and Uhura do. A smile grew big and wide on her face as she looked at Uhura, absolutely unable to believe that she had gotten any Vulcan to go to that extent in a public display of affection. Everything clicked completely into place when Christina whipped her head around to gaze at Uhura, jaw back on the ground. "Your Xenolinguistics professor?! Wha- how- wheh- whay- what?!" Reaching over, Janie slowly pushed her friend's mandible back up into place. "You'll catch flies that way, honey." Looking back over at Uhura she seemed to stare back, unimpressed, saying 'Oh yeah? Tell me you didn't react in the exact same way.' Janie simply gave her a satisfied smirk in return. 'That should keep them off of my back about Leonard for a while.' Suddenly Gaila came back to reality. "Wait, didn't you mention something about dinner with this guy earlier? And everyone?" Triumphant, Uhura returned Janie's smirk, and even stuck her tongue out at her suite-mate before smoothly getting up off of the couch and walking to the kitchen to put all of their cold leftovers in the fridge, leaving Janie to explain all about it. It was her idea, after all. Janie sighed for what must have been the umpteenth time that day. Really, what had she gotten herself into when she accepted Captain Pike's offer?
Disclaimer: Pfft, yeah right, like THAT could ever happen… AN: Sorry for the wait, but high school doesn't graduate itself! So, just fyi, the last 2 chapters were pretty much character development, to show how Sam and Janie are growing more independent from each other and Janie starts to come out of her shell, etc., etc. Also, we saw the beginnings of a little romance! Yay! Oh, and I finally did my research on dates 'n stuff, so let's just assume for canon's sake that this is everyone's 3rd year at the Academy (y'know, 'cept for Spock). Cool? Cool. Alright, I'll stop jabbering… Janie couldn't help but to whistle as she went about chopping the scallions for an extra-large batch of zucchini beignets. After all, why not? Her midterms were over, and she felt pretty confident about her schizophrenia case study analysis. Now she got to spend all day alone in the kitchen, in her element, without any distractions from her brother, whom she heard had insisted upon retaking the Kobiyashi Maru Exam. This meant that everyone, including Pointy, coming to dinner later this evening was all tied-up wouldn't be able to bug her about needing any help. And Janie had no doubt that Uhura would try to coerce her boyfriend into offering his help. 'Sometimes that woman is far more frustration than she's worth.' Jane groused mentally as she shredded the zucchini a little too zealously. Ever since the happy couple's little secret had come out, Uhura had begun to push her opinions about her teacher on to everyone. If she wasn't complaining about his lack of apparent caring concern for, well, anything, she was badgering one of her suite-mates to go do something with them, that is, whenever she wasn't bragging about his knowledge on pretty much everything or spouting some sort of Vulcan wisdom that no one cared to hear. Luckily Jane could write off the dinner as an excuse to not spend any more quality time with the Commander than was absolutely necessary, in other words, none. Naturally, she and Christine began complaining about her together in the middle of some of their shared classes, and, naturally, Leonard, who happened to also share some of those classes, found out about it. Luckily he didn't do much more than snort and grumble about "green-blooded hobgoblins" and how "some people may have all the marbles, but they're some damn strange colors". Sam, however, having taken a special interest in Uhura from day one, was a different story. Let's just say his sparring partner, an up-and-coming pilot named Sulu, was walking home with extra bruises for a few days. Now her brother just glared sullenly at his science professor when he thinks he won't notice, but if Sam's grumblings about extra homework were any indication, he noticed. "Ugh, men…" the blonde sighed. Sam had been so worked up about it that when he learned about Spock's being this year's Kobiyashi Maru proctor, he'd made up his mind to be the first student to ever actually beat it, just to show him up. When he told his little sister about his plan during their weekly sibling meal together, Janie'd just rolled her eyes; being a psychology major, she saw right through the whole thing, and knew he was missing the whole point of the test, but otherwise hadn't said anything. It didn't take a genius to figure out that if the test hadn't been beaten, then it probably wasn't meant to be. Whipping the batter, Janie let her mind wander. She thought about all that she'd gone through these past two-and-a-half years at the Academy, and was proud to realize just how far she'd come. Before now she wouldn't have even contemplated talking to a virtual stranger, let alone inviting said person to have a meal at her place, or dorm, as it were, that wasn't even entirely hers. She hadn't even realized how much the suite-mates that she had dreaded having to be stuck with had drawn her out of her shell. Now she was even willing to make idle chatter with her brother's friends on occasion. Yes, she was shocked that her brother had made friends with that short fuse of his, but he'd calmed down a bit more lately, and had even stopped drinking so much after she last lectured him about bar fighting about a year ago. After putting the oil on to heat and covering it to prevent splatter she grabbed a folded towel and opened the oven to bring out a tray of cookies; she couldn't help it, baking calmed her nerves, and cooking a meal for a very critical half-Vulcan and about half a dozen others besides was making her a bit anxious. It's not that she didn't think she was capable of making them decent food, it was just the fact that she didn't want to mess things up and have any of it turn out bad. A fridge, oven, stove, sink, and drawers do not a complete kitchen make, and she was doing her best with the limited kitchenware that she had acquired over the years. A knock at the door startled her from her thoughts and she patted down her hair nervously before remembering that it was tied back in a ponytail and scurrying to answer it. It occurred to Jane absently that the Kobayashi Maru wasn't supposed to be over for another half hour and that Gaila and Christine were out with the volleyball club. She frowned, hesitating at the hall door, wondering who it could be before cracking it open and peeking through to see a tall Japanese young man shifting uncertainly in the hall. Gripping the doorknob tightly in her confusion, she pulled the door more widely open. "U-um, ma-may I, help you…?" "Uh, yeah, you're Jane, right? Sam's little sister?" "Yeah…" "Oh, well," He sticks his hand out "I'm Hikaru Sulu. Uh, your brother invited me over, but I figured you could use some help." Jane sighed, rubbing her forehead in exasperation. 'Figures; can't even trust me to handle my own knives. I'm so gonna kill him when he gets here for putting some stranger up to this.' "W-well-" "I mean if it's not too much bother or anything-" He fidgeted uncertainly for a moment. "N-no of course not, I uh… I guess I'll just h-have to make more r-room on the, er, table…" Jane looked uncertainly at the communal living space in their suite, the couches shoved back at awkward angles to serve as seating on the sides of the coffee table, which was smooshed into the legs of the kitchen table that had been moved into the living room along with three of its four chairs. She'd made the executive decision to put the last one back into the kitchen for herself an hour ago, hoping that she could get away with not eating with everyone else on account of the lack of space. The young pilot looked over her shoulder and winced. "Ooh, yeah, that looks pretty tight. Why don't I go pick up a card table from the guys' hall lounge downstairs and we can space some of those chairs out? Do you even have enough?" "W-what, chairs?" He gave her a look that said 'Gee, I don't know, what do you think?' She started twisting her fingers around each other after reaching up only to be reminded, again, that she'd tied her hair back to cook. Somewhat ashamed at her flimsy attempt of avoiding social interaction she glanced over towards the kitchenette and cringed guiltily. "Um, well, I-we wa-weren't expecting a-an extra." Nodding sagely, Sulu backed out of the doorway. "I'll grab an extra chair while I'm down there, too." And with that, he set off towards the nearest staircase at a light jog. Janie merely shook her head, checking the hallway in either direction before cracking the door and going back to work. Addition or not, she still had work to do. She began whistling to herself mindlessly as a distraction. It wasn't long before a grunt and the thud of her door being bumped open interrupted her once again. She turned and poked her head into the living area to see if he needed any help, only to find him stalking around the little arrangement with all the seriousness of an interior designer, stopping periodically to shake his head, tsk, and make little corrections here and there. Rolling her eyes, Janie grabbed the last kitchen chair and dragged it into the room, stopping just outside the perimeter of his walk to gaze at him sardonically. "Whoever set this up clearly had no idea what they were doing, but luckily I got here before any real damage could be done." Sulu gestured in mock anger and seriousness at the improvised dining room, that, although much improved, still looked more mismatched and bedraggled than an alley cat with two-color eyes. Janie couldn't help the laugh that escaped her lips. She just didn't feel any of the normal social pressure around this pilot that she did with Leonard or Sam's other suite-mates, one of whom was to be attending the meal; the other couldn't due to a terrible case of lungworm, if she remembered right. Sulu hissed, putting one hand to his shoulder and rotating his arm a bit. "Your, uh, your brother did a number on me during one of our sparring matches a couple of days ago, dislocated my shoulder, so it's still a bit sore." Understanding began to dawn on her; Sam felt guilty about injuring his sparring partner, probably in another bout of jealousy over Uhura's relationship with the Ice Elf, or maybe even just an incident of temper, and so he'd invited him here in hopes of making it up to him. Knowing how her brother had frequent anger issues, she deduced that the ass-hat was using this to make up for all of the bad times he'd injured his friend unintentionally, and he hadn't even thought to tell her! She hoped for the life of her that she'd made enough food to accommodate another guest. After all, Sulu seemed like a nice guy; she didn't want to kick him out, and she didn't think that he would've come here just to accept her brother's apologies. "F-forgive me for asking, but um, y-you didn't come here just because my brother a-asked you to, did you?" He blinked, taken aback by her suddenly bold question. Hesitating, his eyes darted around the room as though looking for an excuse somewhere along the walls or hidden in the ceiling, then his expression fell and his shoulders slumped. "Is it that obvious?" The pilot sighed. Janie tilted her head uncertainly, having absolutely no clue what he was talking about, then shook her head, brow knitting. Should it have been obvious? Seeing her clueless expression, he shifted, hesitating some more, only for her Orion friend to come bursting in the room, laughing uproariously at Christine who had to stumble in, rubbing her eyes and scratching everywhere. Jane looked back to Sulu, whose countenance had changed to one of surprise and polite concern, but he bit his lip uncertainly and mouthed "Later". "What happened?" Jane frowned concernedly at her blonde friend who had near ripped her hair from its ponytail and was bent forward, scratching her scalp like her life depended on it, shaking her locks and causing grains of sand fall down all over the floor in front of her. Still cackling and snorting at her friend's predicament, the green-skinned archaeology major proceeded to tell the story of how, upon driving the winning spike right to some poor, unfortunate soul's face on the other team during a beach volleyball skirmish, their team had picked Christine up by the waist and pitched her head-first into the surf. They claimed she needed to "cool off" from her hot victory. Gaila was almost on the floor telling the part where she had charged out of the water, attempting to tackle one of her fellow players in revenge when a stray wave came up and knocked her face-down into the powdery sand on the beach, much of it sticking to her wet clothes and skin, and absolutely covering her hair. "Ugh! I give up." The nurse-in-training scowled, straightening up to stick her tongue out at her roommate before striding for the suite's shared bathroom. "I get first dibs on the shower." Too busy trying to calm down so she could get off of the floor, Gaila certainly didn't object, only really stopping when she saw Sulu's hand reaching out to help her up. She tilted her head, regarding him curiously for a second before accepting his hand. He instantly dropped it, stepping back and opening his mouth to introduce himself when suddenly the Orion broke into a wide grin. "Oh, Jaaaaaaaaaniiiiieeeeee~!" She called to her shy friend, who had already retreated to the kitchenette to continue preparing the food. "Aren't you gonna introduce me to your friiiieeeeennnd~?" A blush found its way up to her cheeks as her mind froze, mortified at the implications that her suite-mate's tone held. "Uh-I, um, uh… He-" "I'm her brother's friend." Sulu interrupted mercifully. "He invited me at the last minute, so I thought I would drop by and help." "Aw, how sweeeeet~! I'd say you have yourself a keeper, Janie-girl~!" Gaila winked at the pilot before giggling and trotting off to the shared bathroom in the back for her turn in the sonic shower. Coming into the kitchen, Sulu glanced over at Jane, mouth opening and closing like he didn't know what to say. "I'm s-sorry about her. She can be a little… overzealous at times. Sh-she was just teasing; I-I'm sure she didn't mean-" Janie struggled a bit through her explanation, her mind partially occupied by the dishes being moved onto various mismatched serving bowls and party platters for serving at dinner-time. Looking up at the clock, she realized that it was just in time; the Kobayashi Maru should be finishing up any minute, if it wasn't already finished. "It's alright, I understand." He gave her a small smile and began helping to carry the meal out to the table. "I, uh, me, liking someone is why I'm here though, and not just because your brother invited me." "Aahhh." She said. That's why he was so hesitant earlier. "It's uh, well, one of your brother's roommates-" The door opened, once again interrupting the poor young man, this time to let in an irritated Uhura who was rubbing her temples like she had a headache, the fingers of one hand curled into those of a very stiff-looking half-Vulcan, that is, if his posture could get any stiffer, a loudly arguing Sam and Leonard, and a small, pale, very put-out looking boy with thick brown curls and large blue eyes. She heard Sulu suck in a breath at the appearance of the youngest one and sneaked a peek at him. His lips were pressed tightly together and his eyes were all but glued to the pale figure. 'Bingo.' Nudging him out of his little world, she pushed the last couple of platters to him and smiled slyly. He had the grace to blush, but could still hardly focus on anything other than the boy for very long as he brought the last of the dinner to the table. Smiling to herself, Jane turned around and began to clean up the little kitchen when she got a tap on the shoulder. "Hmmm?" She acknowledged. "Where are Christine and Gaila?" She turned away from the counter to find Uhura gritting her teeth to the sounds of the rather spirited disagreement still going on behind her, though she calmed down some when the deep tones of Spock's voice cut into the fray, lecturing them on the faulty logic that lead to their dispute in the first place. She jerked her head. "Shower." Uhura just nodded and walked back out, her presence soon replaced with that of Sammy's much more familiar one as he wordlessly took up the dish towel beside her and began helping her dry and replace all of the cookware. She nudged her brother playfully, bringing him out of his brooding as he nudged her back, and before they knew it he was snapping the towel at her back as she ran laughing into the smaller suite-mate that she saw enter earlier. "Oh! I-I'm so sorry, I- Hey! Stop it!" She snatched the towel from her brother and flung it in his smug face along with her apron, which he took as a cue to finish the dishes himself, but not before he made a face at his little sister, chuckling. Neither of them would admit it, but they missed these moments, they happened much less frequently nowadays. Pulling her hair from its ponytail and shaking it out, she heard a wolf-whistle come from the living area. Blushing, she paused and pressed her lips together, sending a flat, irritated look at the grinning Southern man that she just knew was responsible. Jane crossed her arms, sharpening her stare, but he only widened his eyes and put his hand to his chest, looking around before turning his gaze back to her and pointing at his chest with an exaggeratedly innocent face that seemed to ask, "Who, me? Never!" Jane just sighed and looked down, only to find wide blue eyes sparkling up at her curiously. "AHH!" She squealed, jumping back with a hand over her jolted heart. "I, you, you scare- please don't, jus-" Snickering could be heard from both the living area and the sink behind her, so she gritted her teeth and took a deep, calming breath. "S-sorry I, uh, ran into you, earlier…" "Oh, so you are Jane, zen! Chekov, Pavel Andreievich. I am your brozer's roommate! Eet eez really nice to meet you, zey talk about you all ze time!" The Russian eagerly reached out and grabbed one of her hands, shaking it vigorously. Struggling not to laugh at his enthusiasm (Really, how could you not find it adorable?), she smiled shakily at him. "Y-yes, it's nice to, nice to meet you t-too…" "And now ve eat, da?!" He gestured excitedly at the makeshift table around which the quiet couple and one of her suite-mates were already sitting. Chekov seemed to forget that he still had a rather firm grip on her hand and yanked her with him into the living room to find a seat. He looked up at her stumble and extracted his fingers, apologizing before scurrying over to a seat at the end of the table across from where Sulu was sitting, playing with his napkin anxiously. A slight tint of red stole its way across the back of his neck as Janie walked around to sit beside him and he struggled to keep eye contact with the excited young boy who was firing off introductions to the Japanese man rapid-fire, neither wanting to be rude nor wanting to be caught staring. 'Maybe this won't be so bad after all.'
Disclaimer: If I owned Star Trek, the Animated Series' canon status would've never been revoked; end of story. AN: Sooooooo… This is awkward. Long time no see… I'd apologize, but that implies this won't happen again, when I pretty much know that it will, so uh, thanks for stickin' around, I guess. Enjoy. Sam looked up at his sister, betrayed by the foot she'd turned and stuck out as he made another lap around the dinner table trying to escape Sulu's wrath. She merely grinned back down at him, snapping her napkin like he had the dish towel back in the kitchenette. He barely had time to react before his sparring partner was on him, his arm twisted up behind his back and Sulu's sharp tongue mercilessly scolding him for theft. Gaila and Leonard chuckled while Chekov winced in sympathy. When Uhura had nudged her boyfriend subtly, she'd hardly expected to start a chase scene; she only wanted him to be a polite guest. Spock quickly understood, and, deciding that the plomeek soup was quite to his taste, had inquired as to where Jane had found the ingredients. Fresh plomeek, in his experience, was hard to come by on Earth. She'd deflected the question to Sam, whom she had asked to take care of some of her grocery shopping while she was writing a research paper. Sam wasn't a very good liar, but Sulu was a very perceptive gardener. Once the young pilot had calmed down and let a grumbling Sam back up and a few more complements were given on the quality of his fresh-grown plomeek, conversation resumed. As it turned out, Janie didn't have quite as much talking to do as she'd first thought. The Living Statue had taken the head of the table, and for the most part was either occupied with his food or with mediating between Sam and Uhura, who had begun bickering almost the instant they sat to either side of him. Christine and Leonard were next, using the conveniently placed serving bowl of noodles between them to discuss their xenobiology lab. He occasionally nudged Janie next to him when particular points about xenoneurology came up, but otherwise she kept up a mellow conversation with Gaila across from her. Poor Sulu, on the other hand, looked like he was drowning under a river of thickly accented quantum mechanics theory that he barely understood. Chekov hardly seemed to notice, chattering away around mouthfuls of food with his eyes glittering happily. When Jane caught the uncomfortable young man's gaze, she bit her lip to hold back a knowing smile and let her eyes wander. Her Orion suite-mate looked at the pair next to them and hid her giggle behind her glass of water, quick to pick up on the real reason Sulu was here despite no one saying anything. Dinner, much to Janie's relief, positively flew by, and it was soon time for desert. People began claiming the few leftovers there were as Leonard cleared the table and Uhura got started on some of the dishes. They struggled to find enough containers for everyone, but once they had everything packed away, Jane scraped the cookies from the cooling rack onto a plate and began to put some grinds into the coffee-maker. Leonard perked up, sniffing the air. "Oh, man, I haven't had real coffee in almost a decade!" Christine scoffed, knowing they'd been to the library's café not several hours ago. "You know, coffee vas inwented in Roshya!" Sam groaned, face palming, and Spock opened his mouth to correct the Russian, when the shrill sound of an emergency alarm pierced through the room from seemingly every direction. A voice came blaring over the intercom shortly thereafter. "This is Admiral Marcus. I hate to interrupt your studying, but we've received a distress signal from Vulcan, and will be sending several ships to investigate." The Commander's eyes seemed to almost widen a fraction before he blinked, any possible change in his expression erased. "Everyone report immediately to your designated sections in the shuttle bay for crew assignments; you have T-minus 20 minutes. Marcus, out." The room snapped into action almost instantly, most of the guests grabbing what they'd brought and practically sprinting out through the door. The Icicle, of course, nodded to his hosts and proceeded to follow the others calmly and quickly. Janie, Christine and Gaila rushed back to their rooms to get changed while Uhura lingered for a moment to put away the perishables, turn things off and drain the sink, still being in uniform from the Kobiyashi Maru. She waited until they'd all emerged, dressed and flight-ready, before leading the four of them at a light jog to the hangar, where they arrived slightly ahead of the muster time and split off at a leisurely walk to their designated sections. "And Cadet McClain, you're assigned to the Newton. Dismissed!" Jane gave a salute before proceeding to one of the shuttles transporting the Enterprise crew, shocked, fearful, and even a bit excited at having been assigned such a high-ranking position. Apparently, Dr. Storssingen had taken off on his research voyage with the graduate students earlier than expected in order to avoid the next predicted solar flare, and so the duty of ship psychologist for a fair amount of the fleet had fallen to the undergraduate students. Being picked as the psychologist for the Enterprise, however, was a whole other story. Part of her wasn't surprised, seeing as Captain Pike had probably specifically requested that she and Sam be assigned to his crew under emergency circumstances, but to be the psychologist of the flagship? Of the newest, fastest, most powerful ship in the fleet? The one that was supposed to be manned by only the best of the best? The blonde gulped at the pressure weighing down on her, wringing her hands. "Am I not your best student?" She jumped at hearing her roommate's voice utter such a pointed question. The young psychology major peered over at Uhura, who was angrily conversing with her beau over a PADD, and when she saw him hesitate, she got a sense that perhaps this conversation was a little too private to overhear, turning to board the shuttle on the other side. Upon boarding, she saw that Sulu and Christine were already sat together, and found herself an empty seat not too far behind, reassured by her friends' presence. Commander Pointy made his way on to the shuttle and towards the front, followed shortly by a frazzled Chekov who took the seat next to her, babbling about how excited he was. She glanced over at him. "A distr-tress s-signal? Really?" "I'm sure zere's not much to vorry about, really." "I h-hope you're r-right…" Chekov was a sweet kid, and she didn't want to drag him down with her fears, because she certainly didn't feel nearly as good about this as he did. The Vulcans were such a serious race that she didn't think they even had a sense of humor. They wouldn't use a distress signal lightly, let alone if they thought that it could be handled discretely with a few ships requested via priority channels. She squirmed a bit in her seat. Noticing her discomfort, the curly-haired navigator started to point out some of the stars visible through the viewing hole, chattering about what they were and what systems they were known for in an attempt to change the subject. Sighing gratefully, Jane leaned back in her seat and zoned out until the gleam of the sun's rays off of the space dock became too much to bear. She averted her eyes, letting them adjust before turning back to the window, and couldn't help but to let out a breathy "Whoa." For a brief moment the entirety of the space dock and its fleet of ships were laid bare before her eyes, surrounded by a halo of sunlight. Though there were several unique designs, each one of them had a sleek, polished metal hull that appeared almost white in the reflected glow, and bright blue glowing lights gave the disks and nacelles an almost eerie look to them. Chekov and the rest of the cabin had also fallen silent out of awe. The spell was soon broken, however, as the shuttle drew closer to the largest one, its nacelles placed distinctly together on the bottom side of the disk; the green crew began mumbling to each other in excitement as their stoic science officer began handing out PADDS with maps and blueprints. Everyone allowed their fingerprint to be read, and the station corresponding to their assignment was automatically marked, along with what officer they should report to and that officer's station, so that the Cadets could find their way as quickly as possible. Jane studied the fastest route to her offices closely before looking to see whom she should report to, and disembarked quickly to go find Dr. Puri in the medical labs, firing off a hasty salute to Commander Spock as she boarded. Upon finding the Andorian barking orders about how to arrange the equipment, she fidgeted on the spot for a moment, not wanting to interrupt. He caught her hesitance from the corner of his eye, holding back the urge to shout at her upon seeing how nervous the young Human was. "Why are you here?" She stood at attention, trying not to cringe at his harsh tone. "C-C-Cadet K-Kirk, rep-porting for d-duty, sir." The Chief Medical Officer's brow furrowed for a moment before something in the back of his head clicked. He picked up a random nearby PADD and checked her off the roster. "Ah, one of Sorssingen's. Lucky for you, the Vulcans have their own mind-healers, so you shouldn't be needed much, if at all." He looked back up at her, snorting at what was apparently meant to be a joke. It gave the Janie the impression that he wasn't taking the distress signal quite so seriously, either. "Dismissed!" She saluted and walked out, twisting and turning to avoid the beds and various pieces of equipment being rolled around. Leonard happened to catch her eye off to one side of the door where he was rearranging chemicals and she waved nervously at him before slipping out into the corridor down to her offices, which were blissfully quiet in comparison to the rest of the bustling ship. She stopped at one of the monitors to reaffirm her check-in and began wandering about, examining the rooms and equipment provided for her. Hearing a faint purr, she whipped around, only to slap a hand over her mouth to try restrain her laughter. She'd read in one of her classes how Tribbles had been scientifically proven to help many Federation species relax, but the fact that Star Fleet would condone having one, even if it was in a terrarium, in the offices of a ship's counselor tickled her pink. After settling down, she decided to look through some of the files she was sent to see if there were any particular people she should be looking out for under such high-stress circumstances. She passed over the files for her brother and herself entirely, knowing that as long one was there to comfort the other they should be perfectly fine; Pike had mentioned that he would recommend they be assigned as a pair, and apparently his word counted for a lot if they took it. What shocked her were the surprising number of Cadets who had been assigned to higher level positions than normal despite not being cleared as battle-ready on their psyche evals. Then again, these were extenuating circumstances. 'Beggars can't be choosers.' The ship lurched for a minute, and she looked around, perplexed at hearing the engines sputter. 'What the hell?' In a moment, whatever problem there had been was fixed and they were thrown into warp. She shrugged and returned her attention to her PADD. Jane was about a quarter of the way through the personnel files she'd deemed high-risk when Chekov's face appeared on the broadcast monitor embedded in the wall. "May I haf your attention pliz. At tventy-two hundred hours, telemetry detected an anomaly in ze Neutral Zone, vhat appeared to be a "lightning storm in space." Soon after, Star Fleet receiwed distress signal from the Wulcan High Command zat zere planet vas experiencing seismic actiwity. Our mission is to asses ze condition of Wulcan, and assist in ewacuations, if necessary. Ve should be arriwing at Wulcan vizin, sree minutes, sank you for your time." The young navigator's accent seemed to get thicker as the orders went along, and Jane ventured that Chekov was finally starting to realize the possible gravity of the situation. She bit her lip and was just about to get back into the personnel files when her door chimed. "C-come in?" Leonard leaned in through the frame, panting slightly, and Janie stood up, thinking that there shouldn't be an issue already. "Your brother's crazy." Her eyes widened in surprise and she set aside her PADD to stand up. "He's trying to stop the ship." 'WHAT?' Leonard turned to let her through as she bolted out the door, before stopping and pivoting back around to look at the doctor, prompting him with her eyes to say where he could've gone. "He made a beeline for the bridge; Uhura's with him." She barely acknowledged this piece of information accept to dash for the nearest comm panel. After finding where the turbolift to the bridge was, she hared off. Weaving her way through her fellow crewmates with constant apologies and "excuse me's," she's not entirely sure if she'd lost Leonard or if he'd simply returned to the med labs. Either way, when she skidded to a stop inside the tiny space, he wasn't following her and she wasn't going to wait. "Bridge p-please." The doors slid smoothly shut, and she grabbed one of the handles, breathing deeply to try and slow down her heart rate. 'What could have possibly gotten Sammy so worked up? He's been doing so well in keeping his temper in check lately.' The opening of the doors was not so smooth, as the instant they cracked slightly she could hear her brother yelling at someone. She stepped onto the bridge only to be greeted with Sam trying to shout down Commander Pointy, whose eyes seemed to be getting narrower at every sentence. Uhura was trying to push her way between them, and Captain Pike was half out of his chair, observing closely. Janie, with a lot more courage than she thought she had, ran over to her brother and grabbed his arm, yanking him back a couple of steps and startling him enough to get him to stop talking. "Cadet Kirk…?" Captain Pike said. Uhura sighed in relief, letting a hand linger on her boyfriend's shoulder. Spock merely raised an eyebrow, his posture still wound up tight. "Janie, wha-" "Sam, you c-can't go picking f-fights with p-people… How many t-times do I-" She blinked at his earnest stare as he gripped her shoulders urgently. "This is isn't about picking fights, Janie!" He then lifted his gaze to the Captain. "I'm telling you sir, this is a trap!" He flashed a glare at Spock before continuing. "That 'lightning storm' Chekov mentioned occurred on the very day of Jane's birth. Shortly thereafter, a Romulan ship emerged out of nowhere and attacked the USS Kelvin." The Commander looked like he wanted to object. "You would know, sir. I read your dissertation. Besides, Uhura was just telling us at dinner how she'd been the one to receive that very transmission from the Neutral Zone a few days ago, and how she'd intercepted Klingon communications the same day about a patrol in the area being completely destroyed by an unknown ship manned by Romulans, who were reported to be escaped prisoners." The entire bridge fell silent, and Spock's gaze fell unbidden to his girlfriend, who seemed simultaneously surprised and perplexed at being brought into the conversation. Captain Pike and several of the other officers also turned to look at her expectantly and she huffed, bringing her arms back to her sides and standing at attention. "Yes sir, it's true. I did intercept such communications last night." Faint muttering broke out along the bridge until Pike gave the crew pointed looks. He sighed, and, working his jaw for a thoughtful second, directed his attention to Sulu, whom Jane had only just realized was standing in front of the pilot's station. "Mr. Sulu, prepare to drop out of warp, full deflector shields up, arm all phasers." Everyone except for herself, Sam and Uhura instantly found their places, hands and fingers flying over glass screens as codes, orders, statuses, and rankings were flung around over various channels. The Captain sat back down, a grim expression on his face as he switched on the ship-wide intercom. "Yellow Alert, all personnel report to battle stations." As the lights dimmed slightly, the trio jumped into action, turning to make for the turbolift when Pike addressed them. "Not you three." He turned toward the Lieutenant who was currently manning the communications station. "You there, do you speak Romulan?" "Uh, I'm not sure I can distinguish the Romulan dialect from Vulcan, sir I-" Pike cut him off as he looked over at Uhura. "How about you, Ensign?" She nodded without hesitation. "All three dialects, sir." He pointed a finger at her "Congratulations, you've just been promoted." He jerks his thumb at the station where the poor young man was already getting up to leave, a resigned and disappointed expression on his face. "Relieve the Lieutenant." "Yes, sir." "Dropping out of warp in three, two, one..." The ship seemed to shudder, and a few people shielded their eyes as space re-expanded around them, only for alarms to blare as a hunk of burnt metal a third the size of the Enterprise floated towards them. "Evasive maneuvers!" "Yes sir!" Everybody braced themselves as the ship swerved, and eventually even the startled gasps were silenced at the sight before them. There was the rest of their fleet, torn and blown to pieces around them, random bodies floating through space here and there, little more than skeletal frames after the pressure change had exploded their insides. The groaning of metal could be heard as Sulu focused intently on the sharp turns and angles needed to guide the Enterprise safely through the field of debris. "Vhat iz zat?" Chekov was intently focused on his LADAR display, and Captain Pike stood up from his chair quickly to join him in looking, but they didn't have to stare for long as the object of their bemusement appeared shortly on the viewer before everyone. An immense, faintly glowing mass of metal that seemed to resemble a squid in form was looming like a small moon just beyond the debris field. There was a strange sort of apparatus that it had extended into Vulcan's atmosphere. "What in the-" Explosions rocked the ship as the foreign machine doused them in heavy fire.
Disclaimer: I'm neither a Rodenberry nor a CBS Board Member. AN: Out of curiosity, how do y'all feel about the new Discovery series coming out, at least based on what we know so far? Also, I apologize if the flow is a bit choppy. There were so many good ending points, but I didn't wanna put up such a short chapter. The bridge was practically in pandemonium. Alarms shrieked, screens flickered, a few panels began sparking and smoking from the heat and the strain, and anyone standing up was thrown off of their feet. "Sir, we can't take another hit like that!" Pike didn't waste any time. "Sulu, get out of their line of sight, use the debris field and prepare to return fire! I want status reports on all decks!" He jammed a button on the intercom. "Medlab, is Dr. Puri there?" Static crackled for a second before a thick Southern drawl came drifting through. "Dr. Puri is dead." "Then it looks like you've just inherited his responsibilities…" Janie tuned everything else out as she grabbed a nearby corner and slowly pulled herself back up onto her feet. She blinked, disoriented, staggering accidentally into a warm body. Before she could apologize, the rich timbre of her brother's voice filtered through and he put an arm around her to keep her up. "They s… …ring…" Squinting blearily up at his profile, Jane's basic med training urged her to reach up and probe her scalp while she tried to give some sort of coherent reply. "Wh-hazzhah…?" She grimaced at the sharp spike of pain when her fingers found a warm spot on one side of her head where there shouldn't be one. Sam glanced down at her momentarily out of concern, frowning. "I said, they stopped firing. Why would they stop?" Ever attentive, Spock reiterated this to Captain Pike, who paused mid-order and held up a hand for quiet. Puzzled, a bit dizzy and curiously queasy, Jane blinked her eyes repeatedly to try and clear her vision, the flashing lights causing her head to pulse painfully; her ears just wouldn't stop ringing. The ship began to pull out from around a hunk of nacelle with nothing but the alarms squealing when Uhura broke the silence. "Sir, we're receiving a transmission." "Onscreen." A bald tattooed face with sunken cheeks framed by pointed ears phased in and out of focus on the viewer. Surrounded by a green ambient light and dressed entirely in dark colors, the sweaty male Romulan seemed to have an almost sickly pallor. His image kept cutting, zooming, recoloring, and pixelating, making Jane's nausea even worse as she tried to focus on it. Chris stood slowly, taking a couple of measured steps towards the screen. "This is Captain Christopher Pike of the U.S.S. Enterprise. To whom might I be speaking?" The stranger's thin-lipped mouth twisted and his black eyes narrowed briefly before he nodded. "Hello Christopher, I'm Nero." Janie tilted her head until it was almost resting on the back of some random crewman's chair. 'He sounds nice. Why would someone try to blow us up and then be polite to us?' "Well, Nero…" She blinked, ignoring the little exchange going on and tilting her head back the other way to better see past the hair that had fallen out of her pony tail as she attempted to examine the alien. His eyes, dark as they were, were perhaps the most expressive she had ever seen, and a million different emotions seemed to pass through them at any given time, chiefly anger, determination, frustration, pain, and, oddly enough, desire, no, hunger. Nero's harsh face was shadowed heavily with a very dark hunger; bloodlust, she realized. It was an effort to hold her head up and her eyes open as she tried to look around, and Sam wasn't helping. He'd clamped down on her waist when she started to squirm, in deference to the tense atmosphere permeating the bridge. He risked a glance at his sister, worried at her unusual behavior, and was of the mind to quietly admonish her when she froze at Nero's latest words. "Isn't that right, Mr. Spock?" Her sluggish thoughts started to speed back up at this new bit of information. He knew a member of their crew, and his smug, heavy tone seemed to point to that very crew member being the source of his anger, his agony. He pronounced the science officer's name as though he simultaneously relished and despised it. Jane grit her teeth, her head throbbing. Suddenly it made sense now, why they would stop firing on the Enterprise. He was targeting Spock. For some particular, most likely convoluted reason fostered in the mind of a mentally ill and incredibly volatile Romulan, he was targeting Spock. A familiar baritone pierced through the bubble of her thoughts and she strained to look around her brother's frame. 'When did Pointy get up here?' Sam bit his lip and, looking over, shook his head so slightly that it was barely perceptible. Her head still felt like it was too deep underwater. 'What? Did I say something?' Her eyes drifted aimlessly until they met those of the insane Nero, and she leaned forward slightly, intently scrutinizing his face even as his gaze moved on over the present crew before settling back on Spock, whom she saw glance at her also out of the corner of her eye. Perhaps she had said something. Whatever it was was promptly forgotten as Nero issued the terms for their surrender snappishly, the corners of his mouth fighting to turn up in what his eyes said to be an almost sickening glee. There was a little back and forth between him and Pike, but one thing registered for Janie loud and clear: This furious fruitcake was taking Captain Christopher Pike as his hostage, his prisoner. She was going to lose even more of her family to this monster and there didn't seem to be a damn thing she could do about it, especially not with the floor tilting out from beneath her like it was. Helpless, she felt beyond helpless as she stumbled, a combination of overwhelming emotion and what she was sure at this point was a really bad concussion swirling and tossing the contents of her stomach. It was so hard to resist the urge to lean heavily onto her brother and cry, to crash onto her knees and heave until she didn't feel bad anymore, to simply pass out and let everything sort itself out. She felt tired, sick, and helpless, oh so very helpless, especially when her brother shrugged her off and, muttering what must have been words of reassurance and encouragement, passed her off into someone else's arms, sprinting out into the hall. 'Wait, where…?' Jane heard faint cursing and registered Leonard's twang almost instantly, looking about curiously as she wondered how he'd gotten her to Medical without her noticing. "Stop moving, dammit! I need to find where you hit your head." She chortled, pointing to the sore spot she'd located earlier. He shined a light into her eyes and cursed when he pulled his now bloodied hand away from her head. "Cuncushhhhhionnnnn, right doc? I'm tiiiii-," She yawned, the action aggravating the ever-aching dizziness. He locked her head down into something and began to set a machine up, calling for a nurse. "-iiiired. Can I thhhhrow up, nowwwww?" "No. Now you stay put, darling, and don't you dare pass out on me." A nurse she didn't recognize came by with a hypo that was promptly administered, and Leonard left. The nurse started up the machine, and not too long after the meds began to take effect. Her nausea faded out steadily, the world coming into sharper, more stable focus as she noted the uncomfortable clamminess of her skin. Jane tried her best to keep still, but couldn't help fidgeting with the fabric of her dress. Soon enough the buzzing and beeping of the device faded out, and the nurse was coming around to help her sit up. He advised her to breathe deeply and steadily as he guided her up so that her feet were on the ground. "Any dizziness?" His voice was soothingly patient as he looked her over for any more injuries. At first she made to shake her head, but then thought better of it as it felt like her brain was clogged up with cotton balls. It was disorienting, but not in the way he was looking for. "N-no." The nurse nods and places a hand at her back, silently urging her to stand. "Alright, that's it… Aaaannnd, there you go. You should be all set!" The feel of cotton padding melted away steadily. Before she could even register the nurse's approval to leave sickbay, he'd already whipped out a PADD and was off to the next patient who needed help. Blinking stupidly at his quick departure, Jane hesitantly decided to make her way back to her office, not entirely sure what good a ship's counselor could even do in this situation. All she could really think to do was to keep out of everybody's way as she walked on to the turbolift. She couldn't even remember where her brother had gone… MEANWHILE Sam had to practically sprint to catch up with Pike and the others. Having his sister practically draped across him meant that he'd had to take the turbolift separately to get her down to medical; however, luckily he'd been able to hand her off to Leonard almost immediately upon stepping into the corridor. When he finally raced into the shuttle bay, Commander Spock was striding past him in the opposite direction, and he barely made it onto the shuttle in time before it took off. The captain re-explained to Sam what his plan was as the three crew members on board scrambled to get jumpsuits on, checking their parachutes and equipment before lining up at the door. He nodded over to his sparring partner, Sulu, and all three of them grabbed the straps above their heads as they waited. "That's going to be an awfully narrow target." Sulu's jaw clenches in slight trepidation. Sam looks between his two comrades. "Perhaps we ought to link up so that we can be sure we all pull correctly." The third cadet, clearly an adrenaline junky, judging by the eagerness on his face, laughed cheekily at them. "Ah, whatever you say." "Good luck, gentlemen." Captain Pike's words had hardly reached them when he flipped a switch and the drop hatch came open, the pressure change jolting them towards the opening door as the shuttle shuddered, the subsequent roar drowning out any possible reply. The man in the red suit went first, whooping and hollering the whole way about kicking Romulan ass. Sulu gave a grim nod and followed quickly. Sam cast one last, desperate look at Christopher Pike, the man who'd become a second father to him, only to end in similar fashion to the first. One deep breath later he was out and down, following his comrades into the turbulence of the upper atmosphere. His HUD came on, and he could hear Chekov and Uhura instructing them on their readings. "We know how to read, guys." There was a huff, which Sam presumed to be from the communications officer. He'd only meant to lighten the mood, sheesh. Red guy kept shouting, so he didn't hear when Sulu gave the warning to pull. Determined to get everyone down and back safely, Sam tilted his body to fall towards the man, grabbing the tab and pulling it for him before he had a chance to react. Chekov was practically screeching in his ear to pull immediately, and with a determined grunt, he did so. A little too close to the strange, spiked pillar-like structure they'd been falling besides, the edge of his chute soon caught; however, it wasn't designed to take all that weight to one spot suddenly, and after a hard yank that caused the backpack to practically pull his shoulders from their sockets, it tore, tangling into a mess of fabric and cable as he tumbled down. Only having the presence of mind to spread his limbs wide in the hopes of causing more drag, he would later deny having screamed like a frightened animal during his free fall. Sam didn't think he'd survive the landing on the unforgiving metal disk that seemed to be spouting flames below him. His life flashed before his eyes as the rusted metal came up fast. The impact jarred him physically like nothing he could ever remember experiencing before. It knocked the breath out of him as his slam rang through the strange device like a gong. So overwhelmed by the pain was he that he barely registered the fact that he seemed to be sliding off the structure. Everything was blurring and his fingers couldn't seem to get a good grip on anything as he spat out a tooth, vaguely aware that there was blood dripping from his nose when he took his first painful gasp of air. "Sheems likh a drill of sssssome sorh…" His words were slurred through his bloody jaws as he got a glimpse over the edge of the platform. More vibrations came, rattling his body and he couldn't stop the groan of pain as the yellow pant legs of Sulu's jumpsuit appeared in his field of vision. A gasp also left his mouth as the pilot grabbed his arm to pull him back up and over the edge. Sam noticed that red guy had landed off to the side, and he swayed. Every breath hurt. That wasn't right. Probably cracked ribs. Or broken. An agonizing grinding sensation brought him to a halt and he doubled over, gasping once again as that only made it worse. Yep, definitely broken. The bloody tooth rolled around in his helmet, the noise just another added on to the pile that was the blasting of the flame vents and everyone's concerned voices. Oh, and a clanging sound. Sam looked up at the hatch that was opening behind Sulu and red guy, noting the Romulan climbing out. Bloody drool leaked from between Sam's lips when he tried to talk so he just forwent the formality by bringing his arm up slowly to point at the two emerging men. It didn't take long for Sulu to spring into action; having already retracted his chute, the pilot pulled out a small cylinder that quickly expanded into a full-fledged sword and charged. Red guy dropped the bombs near Sam's feet and cracked his knuckles excitedly before running off to join in the fight. Goddammit, why am I so useless? His throbbing legs gave out, no doubt beginning to turn deep blue from all of the bruises, skin, bone and muscle, that he'd just given them, and he belatedly looked over to the charges. Seeing as his friends were occupied, he grabbed the package and began the excruciating crawl up to the center of the platform. When he reached the column he stopped to glance around. Red guy had somehow managed to disarm one of the Romulans and had pounced onto his back, pummeling his head with determined fists. Sulu seemed to be doing alright, although when he redirected his opponents phaser rifle with his sword, Sam was forced to duck painfully. He cursed, but his eyes landed once again on the other pair, who had stumbled unknowingly onto one of the vents in their frenzy to get at each other. A warning cry left his mouth in vain as the two were vaporized. The dueling pair looked around at his shout, but it was Sulu who took advantage of his opponent's distraction, whipping his sword up to slash open the enemy's throat, who gaped for a second before falling, his body rolling off of the disk and into the nothingness growing below. Sam's roommate ran over to him in concern, tossing his sword aside as he began helping him set up the charges. The flaming vents stopped suddenly, and the two Cadets looked around uneasily, wary of another fight. The pilot reached over for his sword, only to catch a glimpse of a strange capsule falling down past the drill-like device they were on. He leaned over curiously, observing as it seemed to be headed straight for the giant hole carved into the ground. "That doesn't look good." He sped up his work and soon enough the bomb was set, then Sulu grabbed the remote detonator from his pocket as he asked to Chekov to have medical personnel ready upon their arrival. "Zey are already vaiting." Chekov's tone was somber; Cadet Kirk's pained wheezing was hard to listen to over the comm, but Spock had insisted they wait until there was every assurance that there were no Romulans around before beaming any of them up. Sulu leaned down with a grimace and put an arm around his friend's shoulders to keep him from falling over. "Energize." Perhaps it was the pilot's impatience and concern, but the sensation of having his atoms converted to energy and back had felt slower for some reason. To his relief, however, a nurse was in the transporter room with a gurney, ready immediately to help him get Sam up on to it. Absently he remembered to press the button on the remote trigger in his hand before tucking it away. They'd just begun to assist the poor man up, having had to extract him from his helmet and the tangled mass that was his backpack and parachute, when Acting Captain Spock walked briskly in through the door. "Spock, no, you can't do this!" Uhura followed close behind, but they could only watch, stunned, as the half-Vulcan practically pushed a poor Ensign away from the transporter console. He input coordinates on a delayed timer and, without a word, crouched on the pad as the faintly golden light enveloped him. His girlfriend swallowed any possible tears and set her jaw in determination. If she couldn't stop him from beaming down, she could at least man her station to ensure that he beamed safely back up. With a sympathetic glance at Sam and his entourage, she preceded them out of the transporter room, everyone leaving the rather overwhelmed Ensign in their wake. "Jesus fucking Christ! What the hell happened to 'im?" Doctor McCoy, busily trying to patch up as many of the injured as possible during the reprieve given them by Nero, was far from happy at seeing his roommate and good friend laid out on a gurney, face bloodied with dark purple blooming across one side as he panted shallowly. One gasping rattle was all he needed to hear before directing him over to the bone mender, scanning him with a tricorder as they did so. "Two cracked ribs, three broken, internal bleeding, bone bruises and fractures, muscle bruises, a contusion, cracked jaw and cheekbone and a lost tooth. Seriously, man, what the hell?!" He rounded on Sulu, who was anxious to get back to the bridge. "He fell for about 1,000 meters without a parachute." Leonard gaped at them both, impulsively running a quick scan of Sulu. "What the hell were you doing that- Y'know what? I don't wanna know right now. You're fine, go on." Still the young fencer hesitated to leave, flashing uncertain looks at the CMO and his patient, who's wavering vitals had lit up the screen. "I said you can go. I have a patient to work on, git." Sulu nodded and maneuvered his way out of sickbay, heading up to join Uhura on the bridge and find out just what all was going on that would prompt Spock to beam down so suddenly, especially since going alone probably violated about a dozen different rules and by-laws that the half-Vulcan would not have easily dismissed.
Disclaimer: Do. Not. Own. AN: There is mention of suicide in this chapter, and mental illness, but since the lil' blue jay's a psychologist, something of the sort is to be expected. I don't wanna turn this into a whole PSA, but please be aware of what you're reading and writing. Suicide is not romantic or beautiful, but neither should it be shamed. And for those of you that struggle with such thoughts, I hope you come to realize, as I did, that ending your pain that way only passes it on to others. The word will not be better without you, just emptier and poorer. Be warned from here on out of possible mental health triggers being brought up as this story goes on. Janie saw it through her viewport; she'd been pacing, restless and frustrated at not being able to do any good in the middle of a crisis, when she noticed an abundance of shuttles in addition to the debris field outside. Moving closer, she watched in puzzlement as fingers of lightning shot off from a single point, then in horror as the planet was sucked into itself. There were no waves as though from an explosion, and it happened so quickly that the lack of a gravitational orbit didn't hit until a moment later, sending everything in the area lurching. The Enterprise sped forward, and the blonde lost her footing when it suddenly tilted sideways. A few of the shuttles, their smaller mass meaning they'd been more profoundly impacted by the pull, were shot forward into their neighbors or chunks of ship. Hardly affected, Nero's ship began raining phaser fire down on the poor escapees as they tried to correct course, making all haste towards the Enterprise. All of the wreckage had been scattered, making it even harder for the pilots to navigate safely as both they and the Enterprise were forced to duck and dodge. After a short while, the large Romulan structure warped away, leaving the Federation ship room to move out of range of the debris field and dock the shuttles safely as the remainder came straggling in. She found it unbelievably surreal, the fact that such an atrocity could've just occurred, that she'd just witnessed it, and done nothing. But what could she do? Her swallow was a sour mixture of disgust and guilt. The blonde backed into her desk, unable to peel her eyes from the window despite there being nothing out there to see anymore. 'Who could do such a thing?' 'No… Who would do such a thing?' Eyes lighting up in determination, she clenched her jaw against the taste of bile in the back of her throat before turning to sit down in her seat. Some random Cadet's face stared back at her from the file she'd been in the middle of reading at her terminal. Swiping it to the side, she went through the ship's communication logs until she managed to find the recording of Nero's transmission. This time she watched far more closely, replaying when she felt she needed to as she simultaneously dredged up her fuzzy memory of the Enterprise's end of the conversation. Surely there had to be something that she could- Startled out of her thoughts by the tone at her door, she got up to answer it, finding a very oddly familiar Vulcan standing there. Janie blinked in confusion as the salt-and-pepper haired male held up a ta'al in greeting. Belatedly remembering to do the same, she stepped back and bowed respectfully to allow him into her office. "Greetings. I am Ambassador S'chn T'gai Sarek." 'Oh…' Everyone in Star Fleet, and even many who weren't, had heard of him and his accomplishments, though she couldn't seem to figure out why his full name sounded vaguely familiar to her. "You are the ship's foremost expert on matters concerning the mind, yes?" His, well, interesting interpretation of her profession threw her off-guard, to say the least. As was habit, her hands found their way into her hair. "W-Well, not quite l-l-like your m-mind healers, but I, uh, I suppose…" This makes him raise an eyebrow. Right, highly intelligent, probably didn't need the difference between a mind healer and a psychologist explained to him. "I would not expect for one species' way of studying and curing the mind to be "quite like" another's, but I would expect that you are still of such a field based on the qualifications and virtues of your position." She resists the urge to chew on her lip uncertainly. What did any of this have to do with why he was here? Eventually the Vulcan blinked. "I have sought you out, as you are the most pertinent and qualified person to look in upon the state of my son's mental health at the moment." Here her eyes widen in understanding briefly before turning apologetic. "I-I'm sorry, sir, b-but as I have st-tated earlier, I'm n-not exactly well qualif-fied to look after a V-V-Vulcan's mind." His gaze never wavered, and Janie wondered briefly if maybe she should go through the trouble of explaining psychology to the Ambassador. Perhaps he simply didn't know, having no need for them with mind healers, and all. "My son is only half Vulcan," 'Wait a minute…' "and none of the mind healers can see to him right now as he has explicitly requested that the survivors be made first priority while he sees to the running of the Enterprise." Despite knowing how rude it was, she couldn't help her mouth opening a little as her jaw dropped, but after a moment she snapped out of it, straightening her posture and pursing her lips together. Really, she should've figured it out instantly- the features, the name, the bearing; now that he brought it up, Ambassador Sarek really was like a pointier version of Pointy, if that was at all possible. Admittedly, maybe skipping over the files for the few Vulcans on board a ship heading for Vulcan was perhaps a bad idea. Clearing her throat, and hopefully any remaining internal embarrassment along with it, the young Cadet looked up at the older male with as much professionalism as she could muster. "Has he been emotionally compromised, sir? Of course, I am here for grief counseling and other mental health services should he require them in future, but as he is the Acting Captain, I do not have the authority to pull him from his station in this time of crisis unless he is mentally unfit for the duties of his role." And knowing said Acting Captain, nothing but a fully-blown investigation by the Federal Association for Mental Stability's executive board would get him to talk about his feelings. Uhura had complained at times that wrenching even just the barest evidence of an emotional reaction or connection from the hybrid was like pulling teeth. In no way did she relish making an attempt herself, but at the same time, who was she to deny one of the Federation's most accomplished diplomats, not to mention Spock's own father? He would know the officer better than anybody, right? "I have reason to support the conclusion that he has been, as you say, emotionally compromised." His reply didn't really take her by surprise, because why else would he be here, but she still found herself at a bit of a loss. While having a witness to corroborate the declaration made things easier, she still wasn't too sure about all of this. In the end, she simply decided to have faith in the idea that Spock's father wouldn't sabotage his son in any way, and was likely trying to express his concerns in the most discreet manner possible, either without knowing or without caring about the shit storm that would follow this particular course of action. Grief was a powerful, very personal thing, and if Ambassador Sarek felt it necessary to take such steps for the sake of his child's health, then Jane would make good on her position. She'd seen what grief could do to people. Even the strongest broke under its weight. With a silent nod, she let her training take over as she grabbed a PADD and stylus before leaving the room and heading for the correct turbolift. She pulled up the official documents required for removing an officer mentally unfit for duty from his station and began to fill them out. Making sure that Ambassador Sarek was following along with her, she boarded the turbolift for the bridge. The ride up was silent. While she probably should've asked him for more details concerning Spock's condition, she figured that first, he was suffering as well and didn't want it brought up, second, he was being tight-lipped about the young science officer's pain out of respect, and third, he was probably seeking the comfort of his son as a family member and fellow Vulcan, though he'd be virtually guaranteed to deny such a hypothesis if asked. A little chime indicated their arrival, and human and Vulcan stepped out onto a somber bridge in the midst of repairs and damage reports as light blurred by on the viewer. When had they gone into warp, and where were they even going? Uhura noticed them first, turning a semi-agitated gaze their way, the worry lines in her face pronounced and her eyes bloodshot. Before she could say anything, however, Spock stood up from where he'd been bent over the navigation console and turned to look at the new arrivals on the bridge. If Jane didn't know any better, she'd have thought that the Acting Captain was frowning at his father, as his, distinctly different, eyes, she noticed, fixated on the Ambassador. She thought she saw his lips twitch downward for a moment before he nodded and pulled his hands behind his back in parade rest to address them. "Cadet Kirk. Ambassador Sarek." Several crew members turned from their stations to look, making the young psychologist feel all the more nervous. Taking in a calming breath, she forces herself to move smoothly and methodically as she salutes at the acknowledgement, then stands at attention. "State your reason for coming onto the bridge, Cadet." 'Here we go; shit storm, incoming…' "Sir, it has been brought to my attention that our original mission was of a highly personal nature to you, and that, due to recent events, your ability to command this vessel has been placed in jeopardy." Effectively everyone was staring at her now, but she pushed through. Uhura looked torn. "For the safety of the crew, and as the ship's chief psychologist, I must ask that you step down from your post, sir, and submit yourself for evaluation based on witness testimony that you have been emotionally compromised." A stunned silence followed her words, but the blonde truly felt that everyone could hear the hammering of her heart as she stared off at some random white corner of the bridge. Meeting Spock's eyes was absolutely out of the question. Meeting Uhura's eyes was impossible as she looked at her beau, chewing her lip and holding back tears. She really didn't want to be here. "Vulcans do not have emotions and therefore cannot be emotionally compromised." The reply seemed more like a knee-jerk reaction to her than anything, a reflex. Several tears fell down Uhura's face as she stood. "That's a lie, Spock, and you know it." "Vulcans do not lie." His voice seemed to be getting rougher. Sarek stepped forward. "You are only half Vulcan, son, and you have emotions. Logically you will require time to meditate and process them properly. Our psychic center has been disrupted, and even our mind healers are suffering the consequences of such an imbalance." This, at least, seemed to draw Janie's attention away from the spot of wall she'd been staring at. The lack of a psychic anchor around which to center meditative and mental healing processes hadn't even occurred to her. If what the diplomat said was true, and even their healers were struggling, then the whiplash of broken bonds and sudden extreme emotions that they had no base to properly deal with would all compound each other without any kind of relief, likely to the point of causing real, physical pain, yet another magnifier that would lead them all into some sort of telepathic down spiral. They wouldn't even be able to seek each other out for solace as most of them would only find warped mirrors of their own grief and anguish. Some of the survivors might not even live for very long if they couldn't work through the damage fast enough, and others could even be driven to commit suicide. Not only had this Nero nearly destroyed the entire race, he'd also set the remaining few on a dread road to Hell through their own minds. It was torture, sick, twisted, torture. As this began to dawn on her, and the true extent of the damage Nero had done began to unfold before her, she looked between Uhura and Spock with newly opened and wide eyes. If they'd begun to form a bond, then his emotional state would affect hers. It would explain why she appeared to be under such stress. Whether it was because he could no longer contain it or because it was a subconscious instinct to try and rid himself of the overwhelming negativity, he'd made Uhura into unintended collateral. Seeing the proud woman shake her head and crumple down into her chair with her head in her hands did it. Spock seemed to be having a staring contest with his father, and none of the rest of the crew seemed inclined to do anything but begin muttering to each other, so Janie stepped forward a little with a determined expression on her face. "Sir, do I need to call security?" A deathly quiet came over the room and all eyes were once again on her, except for the poor communications officer who seemed to be clutching at her temples. Eyes bright and form positively vibrating, Spock's look morphed briefly from one of neutrality to betrayal before he tamped it down again. "That is not necessary." The psychologist had no idea how Sarek could sound so sure. Slowly the half-human officer stepped over to the blonde, but stayed only just within arms' reach. His eyes teemed with emotion, his jaw clenched in pain, but still he stood tall as he accepted the PADD from Jane with the required paperwork on it. Sulu stood up. "Captain Pike made George into Spock's First Officer before he left." Looks were exchanged around the room at what was, apparently, previously unknown to them. Both Chekov and Sulu frowned. 'When did that happen? And what's so wrong about him being in charge; he's on the command track, isn't he?' The pilot cleared his throat for quiet once more. "But we don't know how long it'll take him to recover from his injuries." Jane's eyes widened. 'Wait, what?' So many questions flooded to the forefront of her mind at the revelation that her mouth dropped open for the second time that day. Chiefly, however, she wondered- "So who's running this thing?" Although it seemed to take all of her effort just to hold her head up properly, the look Uhura swept around the bridge held no less sting than her usual glare. Tentative murmuring broke out amongst the crew. Normally this would be a prime opportunity for some talented, ambitious young officer to make their mark, but no one wanted to tackle this beast. "Vait… Vait! I am getting a reading I do not understand…" Chekov's clear voice cut through the crowd, drawing people's eyes to him and his beeping terminal. The Russian's fingers darted nimbly over the console, but to seemingly no avail. "Zere is an energy spike inside ze ship!" "Can you localize it, Cadet?" A few people glanced anxiously between Spock and the young navigator. "I'm trying sir, but it seems…" Sulu turned around to join him. "It looks kind of like a transporter signal, but that's impossible! None of the transporters have been active since we went into warp!" Several more people attempted to pull the readings up on their own PADDs or monitors, a couple even contacting other decks and asking them to double check the sensors to try and figure out what all was going on. A faint but distinctly recognizable buzzing sound reached their ears and most everyone looked about for the source, exclaiming and stepping back as white-gold light began swirling around in the center platform between the navigation console and the captain's chair. Uhura had covered her eyes and turned away, likely pained by the sudden brightness. Mere moments later the light had faded away to reveal the forms of two humans, both wrapped head to toe in cold weather gear. Shock and incredulity painted the faces of every crew member present as the shorter simply looked around, then proceeded to let out a delighted laugh. "Haha! I did nae think it'd work old man!" Said old man raised an eyebrow. "You were the one who came up with the equation, Mr. Scott." This "Mr. Scott" waved his hands dismissively. "Yah, so you say, but I-" "Who are you?" The man promptly found himself staring down a phaser as Spock's form practically radiated hostility. "Spock!" The half-Vulcan didn't even acknowledge his father. "What intent have they shown to harm any of us? There is no reason to resort to such barbaric behavior!" All this earned him was a tightening of his son's grip on the PADD in his hand, the screen glitching out under the pressure. 'He's seriously losing control. Shit, this is bad…' The strangers seemed to take note of this as well, and, with a deliberate slowness, the taller of the two proceeded to pull his hood down, revealing two pointed ears and a silvered bowl cut. Eyes widening for a fraction of a second, Spock lowered his phaser as the elder pulled down the scarf and mask covering his lower face to reveal… Spock…? 'What the fuck?' There were a few gasps, and, although they might not have said anything, the other two Vulcanoids in the room turned out to be the most shocked by this odd development; their faces looked perceptibly stunned for little more than two seconds before they regained control of themselves. "I will explain as far as I am capable, but first, I have come here for a reason." His gaze swept across the bridge, turning to see everybody. "Where is Captain Kirk?" Confusion crossed the faces of nearly everyone present, and Mr. Scott turned to his companion, thankfully drawing potential attention away from Janie as she took a step back. Was there some cousin she wasn't aware of, perhaps? "I told ye already; I've never heard of anyone in Starfleet with thae name!" The man's comment didn't seem to deter the Vulcan who looked at his younger counterpart. Mr. Scott threw his hands up in exasperation at what was likely an argument he'd had with his companion before. "Is this not the USS Enterprise, the Constitution-class Federation flagship, registered NCC-1701?" "Yes." "And is James Tiberius Kirk not its assigned Captain?" "No." This made the Vulcan blink. "To reaffirm what your companion has previously stated, I am also unaware of any Starfleet officer with such a name." The edges of the silver-haired male's lips seemed to tip downwards just slightly. "This vessel was assigned to Captain Christopher Pike." "Hey, Jane!" Her gaze snapped up to meet Sulu's. 'Ahh, damn it! Why do you have to go blurting stuff out and draw attention to me?!' He gave her a contemplative frown. "Do you or Sam have a cousin in Starfleet, maybe?" Now everyone was looking at her again, great. 'Thanks, Sulu…'
Disclaimer: It me, not owning jack shit like usual. Jane could hardly think with everyone's eyes on her in a suffocating silence. Her eyes darted about as she tried to recall; perhaps she was named after someone? 'No, that's Sammy…' In the end, she simply shrugged and shook her head, too intimidated by the press of stares to speak. The strange Vulcan made that same not-frown again, staring intently at her as though he were skeptical of her claim, but what reason would she have to lie? After a brief silence, he turned to Spock, who had finally calmed down enough to set his phaser aside. "In that case, I do believe you are currently the Acting Captain of the Enterprise, yes?" When his question caused people to mutter and stir, he looked around inquisitively. Uhura looked on in suspicion, her eyes half-lidded as she pressed her hands to her sore head. Just how did he know so much about their crew? Who was this stranger? "As you have not yet identified yourself, I cannot release such information to you." A feint twinkle seemed to appear in the elder's eyes at this statement. "Ah, my apologies. You are correct. If you do not mind, I would like for the opportunity to seek refuge aboard your ship." The younger one, Mr. Scott, had already begun removing his cold weather gear and was peering down at the piloting console over Chekov's shoulder, who just seemed baffled. "Aye, and if ya don' mind I'd love ta get a looksie ah your engines!" Sulu glared over at the man and stood from his chair. "Neither of you will be going anywhere but the brig until you identify yourselves and explain how and why you're on our bridge." All eyes glued to the pilot as he positively radiated hostility. "You have thirty seconds to start talking before I call security." The Human, upon removing his second coat, was revealed to be a Starfleet engineer, and an officer to boot. Jane's eyes were wide at the scene unfolding before her, especially when Spock simply stepped down from the center platform to stand near Sarek and herself, his gaze never leaving the strangers. Uhura got up and went over to him, grabbing his arm and muttering lowly to him. The movement seemed to catch the elder Vulcan's eye who turned to Sulu and nodded, conceding the point. "I bear neither this ship nor the Federation any ill will, and would be most willing to answer any questions you might have in a more private setting." Perhaps the pilot hadn't expected such an easy answer, or perhaps there simply wasn't training for a situation like this, given that the chain of command seemed to still be up in the air. Either way, his mouth fell closed, looking around for some sort of cue. "I'll take them down to quarters and see what can be arranged for our… guests." Sulu nodded gratefully in Uhura's direction as Mr. Scott perked up. "Now tha's hospitality; thank you, lass!" The two followed her into the turbolift, the elder Vulcan staring at her oddly most of the way. Everyone then turned back to look at the pilot, who blinked hesitantly before clearing his throat. "Uh, don't you all have work to do?" They hastily resumed the tasks that they'd been performing when Jane had first walked in to interrupt things. Although he glanced around at first, confused when an Ensign stepped up and went to take his pilot's seat, Sulu swallowed and moved over to the captain's chair, giving Jane a hesitant nod over the back before sitting down. This snapped the blonde out of it and she turned, making for the turbolift with the father-son duo following her in a distinctly ominous silence. The only words spoken on the way down to her office were to instruct the turbolift where to take them. Spock was staring down at the PADD with the form for his removal, and Sarek seemed to be staring straight ahead in a thoughtful manner. When they arrived at her offices, Jane sat grimly behind her desk, bracing herself for what might come. The half-Vulcan's display of rage on the bridge had rattled her, and even though nothing violent had come of it, the fact that Vulcans naturally had three times the strength of a Human had been sobering to recall. If Spock's emotions grew too turbulent for him to control, and Uhura wasn't around to help calm him down, would he lash out? Several minutes passed in a frosty silence before Sarek spoke up. "You cannot continue in denying your emotions, my son." That same flash of betrayal from earlier was visible in the hybrid's eyes as he glanced over at his father. His jaw clenched, however, as he seemingly refused to say anything. Sarek sighed. "You are-" Before things could get any worse, Jane cleared her throat. "My apologies, ambassador, but I'm required to evaluate Officer Spock in private now that he has been removed from his post." The elder male nodded in understanding before heading for the door. "Of course, since it is of great personal concern, I can update you on the proceedings." He'd paused in the frame, and nodded once more at her offer before signing the ta'al. "I thank you. Live long and prosper." The blonde nodded in return. "Peace and long life." A few seconds passed after the door closing before Jane looked over at Spock and gestured to the chairs in front of her desk. "Please, make yourself comfortable." She'd been required to take up a residents' internship as one of her courses in order to get practical experience in the field, so settling into her capacity as a psychologist was far easier than that of being an officer aboard a starship. Spock sat stiffly in one of the chairs after a brief moment of consideration, placing the PADD, its frame bent from his moment of anger on the bridge, onto the desk. "Thank you." The blonde took it and pulled up the next series of forms. On it was a list of questions that she was supposed to ask. They were generally inane, and several of them were questions that a doctor might ask at a regular physical with slightly different phrasing. As she went down the list, she paid close attention to his responses, body language, tone, eye movement, expressions, noting down anything that seemed out of the ordinary or forced. The last part of the form, she remembered, was purposefully left blank. Since the situations in which an officer might be emotionally compromised could be vastly different from one another, the final section was intended for a more personalized conversation with the crewmember, which she was absolutely not looking forward to. Things had gone too far for it to be avoided now. She put the PADD down, regulating her breathing like T'Remberale had taught them in tai chi, and looked Officer Spock in the eye for the first time since they were on the bridge. "As I'm sure you're aware, my offices are always open if you need them, and if you specifically need to… calm down, you're free to pet it", Janie gestured to the tank containing the purring fur ball at the far corner of the room. "so long as you don't feed it or leave the room with it." His attention shifted to the Tribble when she pointed, and he paused very briefly before turning back to her, offering no comment. She'd hoped to remind him that this was a safe space so that he'd feel a bit more comfortable opening up, but seeing as circumspection didn't elicit a reaction, she figured she'd have to be more direct. There was no way she could out-wait a half-Vulcan. "So… who did you lose that was so close to you and your father?" Had she not been watching him closely, she would've missed the skin across his forehead going taught briefly. There was the briefest of hesitations, as though he wasn't quite prepared. He expected the question, but not so soon. It was a logical one to ask, after all. "My mother." Of course, she'd suspected as much, but having him admit it was best. Judging by his emotional state, he'd skipped denial. He also could've blown right through it before she'd gotten to him. From what she could recall, Vulcans' deeper emotions tended to bog them down during the various phases of grief, and so the bereaved would often spend a few days in quiet contemplation and meditation to work through everything, a luxury they couldn't afford right now. "What was her name?" "Amanda Grayson." The words came out stilted, so Janie gave him a gentle nod and smile to indicate that he was doing well and that it was alright for him to open up. "What did she smell like?" Tilting her head slightly, she was careful to keep her expression calm and placid. While it seemed a very odd question, she knew that most humanoids' olfactory senses were deeply linked to their memories. When she saw the muscles in his arms tense just so, she knew she'd hit upon something. His gaze flickered down and then his hands relaxed after a moment. Why would her scent make him look at his hands? Had he been there when she died? Touched her? "Lavender… talc… and, favinit…" She marked the Vulcan word down as best she could phonetically to ask Uhura about later. "Did she make it on board?" Spock's eyes met hers with a sharp glance as his arms tensed again, likely resisting the urge to clench his hands into fists. His reactions were quite Human for all that he put up a Vulcan front most of the time. "No." The blonde chose her body language carefully to show that she wasn't intimidated, and hopefully to prod him into talking further, tilting her head forward slightly and furrowing her brows. "She was unable to be brought up with the High Council, whom I had gone to retrieve myself." Spock's stare pierced right through her, though it was clear that his thoughts had turned inward. His posture stiffened with what was likely a storm of anger at being unable to save her, though whether it was directed entirely at himself, she couldn't be sure. She certainly hoped it wasn't, or it might pose a problem later in his recovery. They were in a crisis situation; perhaps having a way to channel and spend his anger would be helpful for both himself and the rest of the crew. "From our… contact with the Romulans on the bridge, this Nero seemed to know you personally. Do you know him?" He blinked. "I fail to see how this is relevant." Janie took a deep breath and pulled up a freeze-frame of Nero's face on the PADD from when he was addressing Spock. "It seemed to me, before the Ambassador had even brought… the nature of your… struggles to my attention, that the Romulan seemed to have been targeting you." He hardly glanced at the image, not much of a reaction; most likely he had no idea who he was. "You're angry." Preemptively, she held up a hand to stop any objections he might've made on the matter of possessing emotions. "I see it in the way you addressed your father, the way you reacted to our… guests, to the way your self-restraint has bent." Here she cast a significant glance at the PADD's damaged frame. "I can't tell who you're angry at, though I can only assume by Uhura's pain that it's yourself. You do share a bond, correct?" It took him a moment to respond, his eyes flickering, and posture further stiffened at her analysis; bingo. Declining to answer verbally, he merely nodded. The blonde smiled ruefully. "Then you're well aware of the fact that the vast majority of humans are unequipped to deal with telepathic overload, let alone an overload of emotions that are far stronger than their own. As a psychologist, I would like to elevate the matter of your mental health to rise above all others, but as a member of Starfleet, I cannot ignore the crisis we find ourselves in." Doing this went against so many of the philosophies she'd been taught as a medical professional, perhaps even the Hippocratic Oath itself, though she wouldn't be asked to take it until she became officially licensed. Spock's eyebrow rose. "Nero is clearly targeting you. He left us alive. He destroyed Vulcan and attempted to destroy its people. He addressed you directly, despite not you being the commanding officer at the time." Her fingers tap the image for emphasis, but her eyes don't leave his. "If there's anyone you should be directing your anger towards, it's him. Your father has pointed out that even your mind healers are struggling right now. You must learn to properly channel and express your feelings in a more Human way if you are to heal, for both your own and Uhura's good." His jaw had clenched now, his arms held just slightly away from his body as though he were resisting the urge to hunch his shoulders or curl in on himself. "I believe that you can do so on this mission, that, in fact, you must do so in order to clear your mind of grief. Nero-" Before she could finish, her attention was caught by the door chime. "No, sir, you can't go in there." Puzzled, Janie walked out from around her desk and gestured for Spock to stay where he was, though he raised a brow at her doing so. They both stood as the tawny-skinned woman scowled and threw up her hands. The blonde's gaze flicked between the Lieutenant and her charge, who rolled her eyes and pressed a palm to her forehead with an aggravated sigh. She let her features relax into a politely neutral expression and flashed the stranger, now stripped of his cold weather gear and changed into Starfleet blacks, the ta'al. "Greetings. Is there something that you require of me, sir…?" The lines in his face seemed drawn in a faint confusion, but there still seemed a gleam of determination in his eyes. He returned her gesture. "Only some time to converse with you and…" He nods towards Spock. "The Commander. I have information would be of concern to you." Janie frowns, not having anticipated something like this, and, frankly, not wanting that much to do with it. She wasn't a commanding officer. Actually… She technically was, but she definitely was not trained to handle tactical information. He sees her skeptical expression and cuts her thoughts short. "It is detrimental that the two of you know, and the two of you alone." Now that was bizarre. Looking up, she found that Uhura's frown mirrored her own. The blonde looked back to Spock, who was on edge, but had taken her direction and remained where he was, expression passive but eyes probing. Lips pressed thin, she sighs and steps aside, bidding the strange Vulcan enter, before turning back to Uhura, who tilts her chin and smirks slightly as if to say "Good luck." Returning the sentiment with a weary nod and a smile, she watches the Lieutenant turn, with clenched jaw and strained eyes despite all her bravado, and make her way down the hall towards the nearest turbolift before closing the door to address the strange Vulcan who had made his way over to the tank with the tribble in it and was gazing at it with the faintest of amusement. "You're welcome to sit, since it seems we have much to discuss." Putting word to action, the blonde takes a seat herself. Both of the males take their seats, the elder of the two hardly sparing the Science Officer a glance before staring at her in that same odd way that he had when exiting the bridge. "Although I anticipated there being some slight differences, never did I think that you would change so drastically in your form and demeanor, my old friend." There's something in his gaze that she can't quite place, something bittersweet. Spock looks to Janie for a split second, but all of her attention is focused on the person with the silvered bowl cut. "In any case," He leans back into his chair a bit to indicate that he's now addressing the both of them. "I have faith enough in your character to trust that you will do what's right." Then he sighs. "I am S'chn T'gai Spock, and Nero has my ship, the Jellyfish." Seeing Spock's eyes widen for a fraction of a second, he knew he had their attention, but couldn't afford to stop to answer questions. "When I'd come out of the wormhole, I had only brief moments to register that I'd come back in time before he was on me. As he'd gone into the wormhole before me, he came out before me, and had anticipated my arrival. You see, he bears me a grudge for the destruction of his home world, Romulus. They'd come to the Federation with a cease fire, imploring us to help find a way to keep their system's star from going supernova. The Vulcan Science Academy had found a solution in the form of red matter, a liquid material whose molecular structure is so dense as to be unstable, and when removed from its stasis tube, is designed to collapse on a specific timer and create a temporary black hole. Due to my time serving in Starfleet, and to my being the ambassador who negotiated the treaty, I felt that it was my responsibility to fly the Narada in its mission create a small enough black hole that it would absorb the supernova without endangering Romulus; however, we were too late. I flew the Jellyfish in any way to reduce the overall impact of the supernova to save the other nearby systems, but Nero returned from his mining expedition aboard the Narada to find his planet destroyed and blamed me. With the larger ship, he was pulled first into gravity well." "2233…" Both of the Vulcans looked to her, surprised at her utterance. She looks to the elder. "The day I was born. My father was First Officer on the USS Kelvin and sacrificed himself to keep the rest of the crew alive after Captain Bodau was taken. They must have extracted the defense codes to Vulcan from him." Their time-travelling guest offers her a sympathetic glance before continuing. "He determined to have his revenge on me, by marooning me on Delta Vega, forcing me to bear witness to the destruction of my home world as he had, helplessly. Now, as it is well-known that I am also half Human, I have come to the conclusion that he intends to do the same to Earth."
