I don't even know what to say. It's been well over a year since I posted The Fixable, and one of the last things I said was that I was determined to write a romance fic regarding Jim Kirk. That's been a lot easier said then done (Kirk's a tricky character to write, making his potential love interest even trickier). But here I am, with this fic that is nowhere near as complete as I would like. In fact, I'm doubting even putting this out here, but despite everything I feel like this has some of my best writing (so just bare with all the rest please). It will be a long fic, and I'm not even halfway finished writing it, so updates may not be a regular thing. Of course, I always welcome reviews, and this story could definitely benefit from some major feedback. Also who can resist a bit of an Academy fan fiction? This story will be divided into two parts. I've smushed in the prologue and first chapter together, because I like big chapters. I also want to say that this story does deal with mature themes. And finally to the disclaimer... I do not own Star Trek and I'm doing this for fun. Also this fic has a heroine who loves music. Any lyrics or music mentioned belongs to their respective owners. Unnamed Stars Prologue Somewhere on the edge of Beta Quadrant—Stardate 2263.6 At one point in their lives they had all been hopeful. "Jim," Nyota Uhura yelled, her voice straining with fear and panic. The use of his first name, a gracious symbol of their friendship, should have made him happy. Except nothing swelled in his chest but fear. Uhura's knuckles were white as she clung onto the ladder leading up to the emergency shuttle. It hovered off the ground, desperate to leave, but not willing to go without it's captain. "Captain." Spock didn't even sound like himself. He did not speak with the normal, plain clipped tones that made all of his statements apathetic. The wind was blowing so hard that it knocked them both back, their feet staggering to stand their ground as they strained to hear one another over the whirring noise. "Captain," Spock cried again. "We must leave now." Jim turned his head, his feet not even able to move, scanning the ground of the planet. His eyes squinted in reaction to the wind, but he could see her. He could see her, covered in an ungodly amount of blood. It coated her skin, stained her clothes, and burned an image into Jim Kirk that would never leave him. He watched her stagger and his muscles clenched, willing himself to move towards her. Spock's hand clapped down on his shoulder, forcing him to stay. He watched, as the wind and the snow buried them, as their enemies were extinguished, as the men and women who would never get to be hailed as heroes saved his crew. He watched her close her eyes and for a moment her face fell peaceful before it crushed in painful anguish, blood violently splattering from her throat, Eleanor Slayer dying for her cause. And in the end, Captain Kirk's decision was made for him, Spock's Vulcan strength forcing him forward and up. Uhura grabbed onto his hand and they were both tugged into the shuttle. The door closed behind him and Sulu gunned it, his face betraying the fact that he still wasn't sure if they could fly free of the danger. After being tugged into the shuttle, Kirk never made it to his feet, instead sitting up against the closed shuttle door. His legs were loosely bent up to his chest, sweat, despite the cold, mixing with the soot that covered his face. He looked up through his lashes, breathing heavily as he stared at his crew—at his family. Pavel Chekov bled heavily, McCoy furiously working to stop it. Uhura and Spock held onto one another. In one corner laid the dead body of a security officer. It was the only body they could recover. Two other redshirts sat near him in vigil. Gaila was sitting in a seat, quiet and pale. Kirk wondered if she felt the way he did. They were headed to the Enterprise, leaving a war behind. Dimly, Kirk thought about whether they had just saved the world or destroyed it. Then he thought about how at one point in their lives they had all been hopeful. Because the most important thing to remember about this story is that at one point they had all been so hopeful. Part I. I September, 2255 Starfleet Academy—Fall Semester San Francisco, California, United Earth "Right," Gaila addressed the group as they walked up to the correct bar. There wasn't much to it, a little hole in the wall known for cheap beer and dealing with the plethora of Academy students that was constantly in and out of the establishment. It also hardly checked ID's which was good for Eleanor Sayer, not that she hadn't been without a fake ID since she was fourteen. "So, Arnold from first floor was telling me that a lot of people were getting here at eight." "Then why the hell did we come at nine?" Uhura questioned, her voice agitated, using a tone only Gaila could get out of her. "Fashionably late," Gaila said, the expression on her face saying 'duh'. "You do realize we have our first seminar of the semester tomorrow at 07:00," Helga reminded her. "Of course I do," Gaila rolled her eyes. She knew how people perceived her, tits and ass with a whole bunch of red hair, but she was a ringer, having graduated Summa Cum Laude from MIT with a degree in Computer Engineering. This bitch was smart and she knew her friends had already figured that out, thanks to last year's class standings. As soon as they crossed the threshold they could see how packed the bar was. It was warm in the room, with strands of colored lights hung up to illuminate the otherwise dim bar. It was also strangely smoky, despite the commercial production and sale of cigarettes ending over a century ago. "This way." Eleanor barely heard Gaila say. She followed the girl, all of them weaving through the crowd to make it to the bar. They had to wait patiently, the bartenders slammed as they worked furiously to make sure everybody got the alcohol they wanted. "A classic Budweiser," Eleanor requested. The bartender nodded, not even bothering to ask for an ID. "We'll be over there," Uhura said into her ear, jerking her head to show her which direction. Eleanor nodded that she understood and knew that they'd all be hovering in the usual spot that they normally ended up at. "Thanks," she said when she was handed the bottle and stepped out of the way to find her friends. With Gaila's features and Uhura's graceful presence like a beacon, she easily found her classmates. What she wasn't expecting though was somebody's foot sticking out. She felt the air around her before the solid floor under her. "Oof," came out of her mouth on its own accord. She stared up straight at the ceiling, resigned in knowing she'd made a spectacle of herself in front of the large crowd. A head swam in front of her line of sight. "Did that hurt?" It was just the type of thing for James Tiberius Kirk to say. Not, "are you okay," or "here let me help you up". Instead, it was, 'did that hurt,' like having the wind knocked right out of you wasn't going to hurt. "Just a smidge," she breathed. "Smidge," the kid smirked. He offered a hand and he pulled her up. Taking in her full height, five foot two, he said the word again. "Smidge." She frowned. "I'm not a smidge, I'm scrappy." "No, you're Smidge," he promised, the name already taking hold. Eleanor opened her mouth to respond, but the man standing beside him shook his head. "Don't even start it, sweetheart," he told her. "Once this one comes up with a nickname, you're stuck with it," he said, his voice laced with bitterness. "This is Bones," the man jerked a thumb at the bitter man. "Leonard McCoy," he corrected, shaking hands with Eleanor. "And I'm Jim," his friend inserted. "Eleanor," she introduced herself. "And you are?" Jim swung around to smile cheekily at Uhura. She rolled her eyes, before glaring at each of the girls. "Under no circumstance is he to know my first name." Fire flashed in her eyes, so they knew not to challenge her. "What'd he do to you?" Helga snorted. "You make a good point, uh," he looked at her for a name. "Helga," she supplied. "Helga," he repeated, pointing back and forth between her and Uhura. "I have not done a single thing to you, yet you refuse me your name." "Don't flatter yourself, by thinking you get to know my name," she replied coolly. McCoy snorted into his bourbon. "Oh my god he's Iowa boy!" Gaila's eyes lit up as she understood how Uhura knew Kirk. Jim, smiling wide at his notoriousness, eyed Gaila up and down. "So uh what dorms are you girls in?" "Ew," Uhura snapped. "Sommers Hall, room 606," Gaila informed him. His eyes lit up. "No shit," he laughed. "We're in 506," he smirked at Uhura. "Right underneath y'all." Uhura groaned. "How the hell did you even get into those dorms? You're a first year." "Second year," he proudly stated. "They didn't want my talent to go to waste, so they had me test out of my first year." Uhura's mouth dropped open, growing livid at the information. "And Bones here is a doctor, so he's been fast tracked too." "You know we'll probably host a little get-together," Gaila butt in. "Excuse me?" Uhura's eyes cut dangerously to the Orion, who steadily ignored the look. After a year of rooming with Nyota Uhura, Gaila knew how to work around Uhura's various temperaments. "That'd have been nice to know." Helga's dig was a little more sly, her dry humor mixing well with Jim's eccentric slapstick. "Hey," Leonard motioned to Eleanor. "You need another?" "Yeah," she said sadly, noting the spilled beer on her jeans from the fall. "Granted, it'd have been nicer if I could have finished off my first one." He grimaced in agreement. "The next ones on me." She shook her head. "Nah," she let him down. "But it's nice of you to offer." "Just don't say I never tried to buy you a beer," he said, with one impressive raised eyebrow. He followed her to the bar, Eleanor aware that he tried to shield her from other drunken patrons. She knew he had to be the oldest out of them and that the move was done with nothing in mind other than just keeping friendlier cadets off her. She could take care of herself but tucked away the fact that he was a nice guy as she added that to all the other characterizations she had made of her fellow cadets. In Eleanor's mind she had figured them all out. Silently collecting facts on all the fellow cadets she had met so far, creating characterizations about them, throughout the year she had been in Starfleet. Uhura was the mother of the group. She was wickedly smart, but could easily be characterized as haughty. Gaila, the green goddess, was the party girl. Helga, the quiet one that people needed to watch, was Eleanor's roommate. There room was right across from Gaila and Uhura's. When Helga Minn-Schuster spoke, it was often like thunder, unexpected but wildly hilarious. Leonard 'Bones' McCoy was gruff and grumpy, at times looking out of place next to his roommate. Anytime he'd back away from the conversation or appeared uneasy, Jim would look his way and find a way to involve the doctor in the conversation again. It wasn't easy characterizing Jim. There were simple, cliché, phrases that applied to the young man. Smooth bastard. Good looking. Good looking and well aware of it. But there was also something else to him. He could be dramatic, tell a good story, and yet he could also fall into a quiet bubble, taking the time to look around the room and closely analyze the faces of those he was speaking to. Eleanor could watch the wheels of his mind work, the slow turn and grind of his brain, as he subtly took note of the new cadets around him. He was dangerous because he was smart and at one point his gorgeous blue eyes met Eleanor's sea green ones and for an instant they knew that they were both summing each other up. Not because they were being competitive, but because they were being cautious. Just as quickly as their eyes had caught each other, they sliced away from one another. An easy going grin tugged at his lips when he began to dance slightly. Leonard looked on at him, appalled at the actions. "Good god man," Leonard accused him. "You look like a moron, and that's in addition to your stupidity." Uhura allowed herself to laugh at the insult. Gaila though began to dance along with the heavy beats of the song, an angry cry throughout the song. Jim began to nod his head violently, and enthusiastically, with the song. "Oh come on," Eleanor took pity on him. She turned to head back to the bar. "Testify is a classic." "It sounds like garbage," Leonard grumbled into his drink as she walked away. "Hi," Eleanor shouted over the bar. "Can I have a double shot of tequila." The bartender looked over his shoulders, to where various bottles of the liquor sat. "You got a particular brand?" "The cheapest one," she informed him. He nodded his head, bobbing up and down to the loud music as he served customers. He handed her the shot, which she took in one fell swoop. "Cool, can I have another," she asked of him. He poured out another double shot, winking at her as he passed it to her. "This one's on me," he said. She smiled, a light-headed, delighted smile before taking the shot. "A Budweiser classic," she ordered. He handed it right up to her. "You like to mix your liquor," an impressed voice startled her. Her gaze slid sideways to see Jim next to her. He ordered another beer and the bartender gave it to him without the wink. She kinda liked being the one with the special treatment, even if it was just because of her boobs. She shrugged her shoulders, the alcohol making her limbs lazy and feel good. She didn't care if he wanted to talk because she spun around and happily made her way back to all their new friends. His eyes followed her parting figure in the crowd, not because he was checking out her ass, but was wondering how much alcohol such a tiny person could consume—for the record it was a lot. "I lost my shoe," Eleanor said woefully. Helga turned to her in confusion as they all stumbled out of the bar. Last call had come and gone and the lights had been turned on as everybody was herded out of the building. Uhura was keeping track of Gaila, a couple feet ahead of them when Eleanor turned back to the building. "I'll be back!" she promised, calling over her shoulder at her roommate. "How did you lose a shoe?" Helga called back, her voice giving away how much alcohol she had consumed. "I don't know," Eleanor answered back even though she was back in the building and Helga couldn't hear her. Loosing a shoe was just kinda Eleanor. Not unusual, not normal, not special, just Eleanor. Typical Eleanor. She bounced across the bar, seeking out her sneaker, not seeing any blue canvas in sight. She saddled up to the bar, sorry to not see the same cute flirtatious barman from earlier. "Have you seen my shoe?" she asked another barman, her voice sweet like cotton candy. She wasn't even sucking up, she just always had a funny singsong twang to her voice. A long time ago she'd had to come up with a way of talking herself out of schoolyard fights. Silly humor had often done the trick. The man held up a blue canvas sneaker. "This one?" he asked her, his face possibly a mixture of amusement and exhaustion—like he was sick of this type of shit. She nodded, delighted that it was the correct shoe. He handed it to her and she bent slightly to put it back on. "And, uh, hey," the barman stopped her from leaving. He held up a wallet. "Is this one of your cadet friends?" She tilted her head sideways, honestly not sure if it was. The man flipped the wallet open, reading the identification. "A James T. Kirk." He paused, his brow creasing. "Oh, shit," he cried out. He looked at another barman. "You don't think George Kirk's boy has joined Starfleet?" The other barman, cleaning beer bottles off the bar thought about it. "Maybe being a hero is genetic?" he theorized. "Oh, god," the barman replied. "If we're talking genetics, then all I'm getting from my father is being a drunk." "Well, you do own a bar." Laughing at the joke, he turned back to Eleanor, silently asking her if she could help him out. "I do know him," she admitted. "He's actually right outside." "I'd be careful giving out somebody's wallet," he admitted. "But this guy's broke as hell." He handed her the brown leather wallet, creased and worn. "Guess they don't pay dead heroes much these days." Eleanor took the wallet, her brow furrowed at his comments, but not properly able to analyze them with all the shots she'd had throughout the night. She just thanked the man again for saving her shoe and skipped out of the bar, before a security guard locked up behind her. The street in front of the building had cleared out considerably, only a few people still lingering. The girls stood at the curb. "Hey," Eleanor said breathlessly, skipping down the steps to meet them. "Where'd Jim go?" Uhura nodded back towards campus. She was holding Gaila up, who'd been doing shots with several guys. She, Eleanor proudly noted, could not hold her liquor as well as Eleanor could and while Helga was standing, she seemed dead on her feet. "We have class at seven in the morning," she moaned as they began to walk to campus. "You guys do know we have a curfew," Eleanor suddenly remembered. Granted, of course they knew there was a curfew. They'd had once since they'd started at the Academy. It just seemed that every time they started drinking, they'd forget. They stopped short on the sidewalk, the three of them peering down at Gaila who was doubled over, barely held up by the linguist. Uhura looked back at them. "This could get tricky." "Come on," Eleanor wrapped another arm around the green girl. She had done shit like this plenty of times, so she was hardly afraid of sneaking back into campus. It did mean though, that Jim T. Kirk's wallet was the last thing on her to-do list and it remained that way until midway through the next day when she got back from a morning of seminars and searching around for specific textbooks when she spotted the brown leather wallet on the corner of her desk. Picking it up, she took the stairs down to the next floor remembering that he had said they were in the room right below Uhura's. She knocked on the door of 506 and the door slide opened. She took a step in, pausing when she saw Leonard's face. It wasn't quite dangerous or angry, but it wasn't happy either. In fact, it was more like a cry for help. He was sitting at the round table, flanked by two other men who Eleanor had not meet before. "Hi," she said cautiously. "Hey," he muttered and it actually wasn't unfriendly. It was just how he spoke. "What are you guys doing?" Eleanor asked. A man looked up from the table, thick black hair flopping into his eyes. "We're picking out characters so we can begin playing Spaceships and Starlords," he explained. Eleanor thought he saw a vein on McCoy's head pop out, finding the idea absolutely ridiculous. "This is Eugene," he nodded to the one that had just spoken. "And Thyron," he indicated the other man. "They live next door," he explained before curiously looking up at her. "What are you doing here?" "I was looking for Jim." "Of course you were," he snorted. Next to him, Thyron turned and added a tally mark, to a large smartboard on the wall. Eleanor laughed outright. "Oh, hell no," she said. "You erase that right now." Still, Leonard's expression challenged her true motives and she held out the wallet in defense. "He left this at the bar last night," she explained and he started to laugh. "I just haven't had a chance to get it to him." She turned to Thyron. "Now seriously erase that." The alien did so and she took a seat much to their surprise. "I would like to be a Ferengi," she announced. "What?" Eugene said after a moment. "I get to pick or create a character right?" she asked. "I want to be a Ferengi." "Why?" Leonard asked, not meaning why was she wanting to be a Ferengi, but rather why she wanted to play. She didn't understand his actual question. "Feregni are good businessmen," she replied. She leaned forward, with a playful expression. "And I can sell the shit out of things." Her readiness to join the game, a game that was well known for its dorkiness, startled all of them. "Aren't they sexist though," Thyrone finally said. "Like women aren't supposed to own businesses." "That could make it interesting." Eugene nodded in thought, taking the game very serious. "And it'd go well with your character." "That's true," he replied. "Good god," Leonard moaned to himself, but either because he lacked anything else to really do or felt obligated to make nice with his suitemates he continued to play the game. "Is this some type of joke!" he exploded two hours later when his starship received damage from rogue Romulans. "You alright there, Bones?" The group looked up from their game to spot James T. Kirk in the doorway. He had a backpack slung over his shoulder, but instead of his cadet uniform, he was clad in his usual denim jeans, t-shirt and leather jacket. He dropped his bag in the corner and leaned up against the door since all the chairs were taken. He looked haggard and tired, not a good sign as it was only his second day at the Academy. He crossed his arms and looked at them all. "I didn't think you were one for roleplaying Bones?" he smirked. Leonard's expression turned murderous. "What brings you here?" he asked, turning his head to look at Eleanor. Eleanor tossed him the wallet. "Oh, shit," he gasped. "Thanks!" He opened it, checking that nothing had gone missing. "You're welcome," Eleanor shrugged. With his arrival breaking the game up, she stood from the table and waved goodbye. "Hey," Jim caught her elbow before she left the room completely. He dropped his voice low as he leaned in. "Now that we're friends," he said as he motioned to the returned wallet. "Maybe just between me and you…you could remind me of all the names of your roommates." Eleanor smiled sweetly. "I didn't realize we were friends," she glanced at the wallet, letting him know that had just been her being nice. "But okay." His brilliant charming smile, one that lit up his entire face grew wider. "My name's Eleanor," she informed him, snaking her arm away from his grip and walking away from him. "And if you want Uhura's first name you'll have to ask her."
Thank you for reading! Just a quick note on the timeline. This story starts already a year into Eleanor, Gaila, and Uhura's time at the Academy. Kirk and McCoy basically join them during their second year. At times during Part I, the timeline can be quite brief, trying to get through the final 3 years. It's not super chaotic, but just as an FYI if you ever get confused (though hopefully, I've written it well enough that you don't get confused). Unnamed Stars II December, 2255 Starfleet Academy—Fall Semester A long time ago, Eleanor Sayer had once felt like she was a fucking genius. Of course, when you missed almost half of the entire school year because of some particular bad habits you'd picked up, i.e. the occasional weed smoking, cutting class, and attractive boy, and still somehow managed to have relatively okay grades, of course you felt like a fucking genius. But getting a good grade on the run of the mill physics test in a decent enough school back in Texas turned out not to be the equivalent of being able to take on the most competitive minds in all of the galaxies at the prestigious Starfleet Academy. The Academy attracted alien species throughout the quadrants and was ranked highly for its cutting edge research and technology. It was praised for it's humanitarian work and provided career paths for a wide rang of intelligent people. And there were a lot of intelligent people that took up that offer. Most cadets already had bachelors degrees, with many of those degrees from prestigious universities, despite the only requirement being the ability to pass the entrance exam. Eleanor on the other hand did not have a university degree and she was starting to think that her high school had only let her graduate simply so she'd stop bugging the shit out of the faculty. Needless to say almost immediately upon Eleanor's arrival at the Academy she felt inadequate. There was a host of reasons, the main one being that she was incredibly stupid. Or so her test scores, essay marks, and professors told her. Weak, pathetic, pull yourself together. The thoughts poured through her head as she swiped angrily at another fucking tear. She might have been raised by a mother who didn't even have a high school diploma, but she had also been raised to be strong. And crying about another lower than average mark was not the epitome of strength. She flushed the toilet, acting as if she'd actually been using the bathroom instead of just treating it as a hiding spot for her waterworks. A group of girls at the long counter of sinks made a little room for her so she could wash her hands. She leaned forward, wiping away smudged mascara. "Have you looked at the study guide for the final in Michelin's course?" a classmate from her Ancient Philosophies asked. "I've downloaded it," she replied. Her eyes looked weary, but her face didn't betray her earlier crying. "It's so long," the girl sighed. "I've only gotten through the first two pages. I know the final is going to be just as bad as the midterm." "Probably," Eleanor agreed. She smiled as a goodbye before exiting the bathroom. The hallway was quiet and she hesitated between heading to the library or admitting defeat and just curling up in her bed. Be a grown up, she told herself. She headed to the library, eight stories of study spaces, textbooks, and technical manuals in addition to a Special Collections on the ninth floor. She preferred the fourth floor, finding a private study carrel and dumping the entire contents of her bag onto the tabletop. A PADD, a laptop, several pens and data chips that held all her required texts. She somehow needed to read two books, cover to cover, if she had any hope of passing Ancient Philosophies and if she wanted a better grade (which she needed) in her Communications class she'd have to find some type of miracle. The only courses that she wasn't worried about was Combat and Tactical Training. She knew how to throw a punch better than Jim Kirk, thank you very much. Finals were in one week. The race was on for every single Starfleet Cadet to know every fact, every detail of their courses in addition to every possible question that could be on the test. That way they would know the answer. She had four days until her Early Starfleet History exam and she was behind. The facts were easy enough to remember. It was that her professor preferred to evaluate the course through essays and Eleanor had quickly found out that she was not so articulate or intelligent sounding when it came to writing essays. Her roommate Helga excelled at writing essays. She could craft a piece of work that was an equal mixture of opinion, argument, and fact that not only always sounded brilliant but was marked brilliantly. All of her dorm mates were excelling in their studies while she seemed to not just be lagging, but coming in dead last. And she was already taking all the easy courses. "Are you going back home for Christmas?" Gaila asked her. Eleanor had one hand flopped over her eyes as she laid on her bed. She'd left the door open so Gaila had invited herself in, something that occurred regularly. She had plopped down on Helga's empty bed, the other roommate still off taking an exam. "I don't know," Eleanor said. She had thought about it a couple of times and had even felt obligated to go, but her mind still wasn't made up. She'd left her tiny home in East Texas for a reason and she wasn't keen on having to go back. "You?" "My parents are in New York," she told her happily. Gaila's upbeat mood was constant, a smile almost always on her face when she spoke. "They've got this fancy five star hotel booked. It's going to be amazing," she punctuated the last word, clearly thrilled at splashing around some money. "How long will your parents be on Earth?" she asked. "Till the New Year," Gaila said. "But I'll be back on campus before then. I want to do something with who ever is around. It could be so much fun. I heard Jim," she chatted on. "Say that he had annoyed McCoy enough that he had invited him back home for Christmas. Those two are so funny." Eleanor, dead from her Ancient Philosophies final, merely hummed in response. It didn't bother Gaila, who continued to talk. "I was surprised though," she said, and Eleanor wondered if she knew that she was really only speaking to herself. "I mean I would have thought…I don't know like he would have gone home. His mother is alive after all." Eleanor moved her arm slightly so that she could peek out at the green goddess. "What's that supposed to mean?" she asked with genuine interest. Of course campus buzzed almost on a daily basis about Kirk's lineage and while she heard a lot of it, she normally didn't engage with it. She'd had to endure the rumor mill growing up, her Texas town often looking down at her mother, so she knew how Kirk had to feel, walking around with whispers surrounding him constantly. "Well you know," Gaila said though Eleanor did not know. "I mean, how awful is it to have your husband die and then have to raise two children all on your own." "I thought she remarried." "I don't think that was the greatest situation," Gaila admitted, her voice sad for a younger Jim Kirk. "Good thing he has McCoy now then." Gaila laughed just as Helga walked into the room. "Can I have my bed back," she begged, but didn't even wait that long. Still in her red cadet uniform and black boots she fell onto the bed, her back flat on the mattress, Gaila rolling over so that there was just enough room for the two girls on the twin bed. "How was it?" Gaila asked cautiously. Helga only groaned in response. "Hey," Gaila tried to cheer her up, lightly tapping her arm with a finger. "At least it's over. All over. And once Nyota gets back we'll all officially be done with the semester!" "And let me guess," Helga guessed. "You already have plans for us to go out drinking." "Duh." Helga actually allowed herself to laugh. It was so typical of Gaila, but there was no changing who the young woman was. "You're in right?" the Orion asked Eleanor. "Maybe," she replied. She was honestly tired. "Do you ever feel bad that we continue to take our underage friend drinking?" Helga joked. Gaila made a face. "Maybe?" she hesitated before a bright grin appeared. "Actually, no not at all." "What's this about underage drinking?" Uhura appeared in the doorway. She looked like a soldier coming back from battle, disheveled and scarred. Final exams really sucked ass. "Nothing about underage drinking," Gaila sat up, excited. "Just regular, good ole alcoholic drinking." A typical Uhura smile appeared, one that was happy yet knowing, like a mother catching her cute young ones making a mess in the kitchen. She began to nod her head. "Drinking sounds good. Let's start drinking." February, 2256 Starfleet Academy—Spring Semester "Twenty-two, twenty-three," Gaila counted out loud. "Please stop," Uhura said from beside her. The crowded bar was already unbearable to her. The only reason she had come along tonight was because she decided to treat herself after being offered an interview for a prestigious internship for the coming summer. If she was going to be a Chief Communications Officer before she was thirty she needed to hit all the right notes and this internship was certainly a right note. "What, you don't want to know how many eligible bachelors are here?" she asked Uhura, a playful smile on her lips. Uhura knew Gaila wasn't nearly as much of a bimbo as she appeared, it was just that she certainly acted like it a lot of the time. "And why would I want to know?" Uhura sniffed. Her hands were crossed over her chest, a headache from all the noise forming, and her drink didn't seem to be working nearly as much as it should. "I mean a single girl would certainly want to know?" Gaila slyly asked. Uhura kept her face blank. "Or perhaps a single girl just wants to graduate top of her class," she replied evenly, her eyes flashing in warning to not test her further. "But go on, have at the boys." "Oh, I will," Gaila smiled even wider. "I mean a girl's got to treat herself every once in a while right?" Uhura snorted. "It's only February, Gaila. I don't know how you can hook up with guys all the time with midterms and essay deadlines looming." "Exactly it's only February," Gaila repeated, her eyes shining brightly. "It's not nearly time to start worrying about all that stuff." "Then what should you be worrying about?" Uhura asked before quickly shaking her head. "And don't say finding somebody to lick." "Somebody to lick." The Orion sounded scandalized. Giggling at Uhura, she leaned in closer to her roommate. "Is that what you think I do?" She groaned, throwing her head back. "I don't want to know what you do!" "Are you sure?" Gaila goaded, before somebody behind them 'whooping' caused them to look back. There was a crowd at the bar, Eleanor at the center drinking rum straight from a bottle. "Maybe we should be worried about her," Gaila said lowly, her voice for once losing it's animation as she looked at the girl in concern. Uhura shared the same worried look. "They had to have let her in for a reason…" Uhura trailed off, but it was no use, and a small part of her felt like a bitch for saying it. A hard fact of life about joining Starfleet was that just because one had made it into the Academy, didn't mean that you were necessarily cut out for it. Eleanor Sayer had scored high enough on the entrance exam, a feat she should be proud of considering that there were others who couldn't even do that, but she lacked the ability to truly shine at the Academy. Being smart and street savvy wasn't enough, not when you were in competition with the brightest minds of the Federation. It had been quick for Uhura to see Eleanor start to drown, almost immediately. She honestly wondered how long the girl would last, surprised she'd even made it this far, with one year under her belt. Uhura was pulled from her thoughts when Gaila started speaking again. "Is she going to drink that whole thing?" "Can she drink that whole thing?" Uhura titled her head in wonder. "Of course she can," Gaila said, one eyebrow raised at Uhura's silly question. If there was one thing Eleanor outdid everybody at it was drinking alcohol, making even Jim Kirk look like a lightweight. "It's just whether or not she should be drinking all of that." "That would be a definite no." Mother Uhura kicked in right as Leonard McCoy appeared in the crowd, dragging Jim by the elbow. "I know you're a moron," he reamed into the younger man. "But aggravating a man three times your size takes things to a whole other level!" "Oh come on!" Jim cried back, his voice as whiny as a child being told that he couldn't play with a toy. "You can't call me a moron." Leonard's face said the exact opposite. "It was Cupcake!" Jim went on. "Yes a security trainee, three times your size!" he snarled back before looking up, his eyes going wide at the sight of Eleanor drinking. "Oh good god! What is she doing?" He looked around like he couldn't believe this was where his life had ended up. "Everybody knows security officers are all brawns and no brain," Jim went on. "Not really," Uhura frowned. "Yes really," Jim argued back. "That's so ignorant of you to say," she bickered. "I thought you took a lot of combat training?" Gaila asked. "I do," he confirmed. "But see I, unlike Cupcake, have a brain." He pointed to it. "Therefore I use my expertise-." Uhura laughed outright, not even letting him finish. His face fell, but there was a spark of triumph in his blue eyes at being able to make her laugh. "Jesus Christ," Leonard growled making everybody flick their attention back to him. In long furious strides, he walked up to Eleanor, yanked the bottle from her and pulled her by the arm back to the group. "This is why," he looked directly at the two women. "You don't bring an underage girl to a bar." "You're underage?" Kirk's brow creased, honestly not knowing. "How do you think Americans in the twenty-first century waited to drink until they were twenty-one?" Gaila asked, her face in serious contemplation. The best thing, in her opinion, that had happened due to Earth uniting was making the standard drinking age eighteen. "Have you been underage this entire time?" Kirk asked, thinking back to the amount of times they'd gone out drinking together. "No, just recently," Eleanor told him sarcastically. She was only a couple of months away from turning eighteen anyway. She turned her head side to side, looking around the crowded bar. "I never got my drink," she said aloud. The whole point of leaving Gaila and Uhura was to go fetch herself a drink. She took a step back towards the bar. "Oh, no you don't sweetheart." Leonard latched a hand around her arm, forcing her to stay put. "Your Parental Mode is kicking in Bones," Jim said lightly. "Are you a father?" Eleanor asked, her nose scrunching up in thought as she looked at the taller man. "Yes," he admitted. "No shit," Gaila cried out, surprised at the admission. "Aw, I want to see pictures." "Oh, good, we'll be here all night," Jim teased, but he secretly enjoyed watching Bones be happy upon occasion. There was this perpetual grumpy frown on his face and Jim had made it his mission to try and get rid of it. "What's the kids name?" Uhura asked. "Joanna," Jim told her making Leonard annoyed as he looked over at his roommate, eyes narrowing. Uhura looked to Leonard for confirmation. "Joanna," he grumbled, not pleased to have his thunder stolen by Jim. It was his kid for fuck sakes. Eleanor was more of a The Supremes and The Monkees kinda girl and she could never ignore a song by the legendary Madonna, but lately the music of Mozart had taken control of her life. As the semester went on and on, she'd found that she had less focus and her drive, while not quite dying, was making her question her 'patheticness' everyday. That night was no different, but then the image of her mother, the blonde mistress who scrimped every month to pay her bills, popped into her mind. The image in her mind had become permanent enough that in the end it was what had become Eleanor's motivation to keep going—so that she didn't end up like her mother. That made her surf the internet, looking for study tips. She'd originally started to study with the soft sounds of rain falling, finding a playlist online. Except that her mind had wondered, making her listen to both Johnny Nash and Jimmy Cliff's versions of 'I Can See Clearly Now' to determine which cover was her favorite (the question was still unanswered). With Mozart, the boring ancient music, her mind roaming wasn't a problem. The music was too dull for that and she'd trained herself to get used to the idea that as long as Mozart was playing she had her head down, furiously working. So that night, after chugging an ungodly amount of rum, she'd ended up restless, with her mind running through a million scenarios—each ending with her ultimate failure. She'd forced herself up, it was only two in the morning and taken the short walk to the library. It was twenty-four hours but completely empty, as it could still technically count as a Friday night. At least she thought it was mainly empty until she was searching through the library stacks for a specific data PADD and looked over to see Jim Kirk. His head was down and there was a stylus in his mouth. His eyes were narrowed, his nose nearly touching the screen of his PADD. He had several PADDS, no doubt all of them open to various textbooks and occasionally he would highlight something or bend over another PADD where he was keeping notes. Eleanor liked how serious he looked. Jim Kirk was all charm and smile. It was easy to say that he was the life of the party—the good looking guy, with dark blonde hair and warmth that engulfed everybody around him. People were enamored with him, his humor and elegance slicing through the toughest of critics. While his arrogance was notorious, it never came across when he was speaking to an audience because he took the time to listen to others. He had come to the Academy intent on being a captain in the making and Eleanor appreciated seeing him work hard for it. Eleanor took down the text that she had been looking for before sweeping closer to him. "So this is the time of night that James Tiberius Kirk does his studying. It's actually kinda surprising." Startled, he looked up and she smiled at his expression. He looked like a kid being caught stealing from the cookie jar, instead of a Starfleet cadet acting like everybody else around him by working their ass off. "I like it this time of night," he smiled, his signature white hot, brilliant grin. "Nobody's around, you can get a good seat, not have to worry about leaving your stuff when you need the bathroom." "Ah," she bobbed her head. "The pros of being a late night studier. I guess I'm just surprised to see you coming here after a night out." He pointed his stylus at her. "I could say the same thing to you. I saw you drinking from that bottle." Unexpectedly she became bashful, briefly glancing down as hair fell into her eyes. When she looked up her face was slightly flushed but she was laughing. Eleanor had suddenly realized that she could quite possible be known as the girl that partied too hard and sucked at school. That scared her. "Yeah," she exhaled. "That is true." She stared at Kirk, taller than him for once since he was still sitting. "Don't worry. I'll keep your night outs at the library a secret. Wouldn't want any of your playmates to find out the real reason you leave them to wake up on their own." This time his smile was different. Softer, as he took the joke and insult in stride. His eyes were still bright as he stared back at the younger girl for a moment. She wasn't like Uhura, a graceful confidence radiating off her. She could enjoy a party, but she was no Gaila. There were so many other comparisons that he could make, but the truth of the matter was that in a lot of ways Eleanor Sayer wasn't like anybody else at the Academy. Damn if he'd tell her that, but it was a relief to watch somebody so human-like to navigate their way through the harshness of Starfleet. It made him feel like less of a fuckup. "Thank you for that," he said with graciousness. She nodded at him before backing up and heading to her study spot again. He shook his head, washing away the moment as he forced himself back to his work. He had gotten into an argument with his Advanced Relativistic Mechanics professor two days ago so he was ready to prove a point with an upcoming essay. Was it a dangerous game he was playing? Absolutely, but he wouldn't be Jim Kirk if he was playing safe. "Do you want to get some food?" Jim asked her almost an hour and a half later. He had to repeat the question after she had taken an earplug out of one ear. "Food?" she honed in on the word. It was nearing four in the morning. "Am I actually getting a breakfast invitation from the legendary Jim Kirk." He couldn't help himself, a smug smirk sliding into place at her teasing words. "Can you make sure to describe me as such every time you utter my name." "Who says I'll ever utter your name again?" she swatted right back. "You will," he winked. "Don't flatter yourself," she said, standing up and packing her bag. "But as you've tempted me with food, I suppose I'll have to take you up on it." "Only if you suppose," he played back. They took one of the stairwells, quickly outside in the coldness that was San Francisco winters. It was windy, Eleanor's hair, even in a ponytail, tossed every which way. "Which way are we headed?" she asked him. Starfleet Academy did have a curfew and security guards at all of the exits, but it wasn't too hard to get out when one was being sneaky. "I'm feeling pizza," Jim said. "I don't think anything like that would be open," Eleanor shook her head. "Oh, there is," he replied back gleefully. "Come on." He began to walk a certain direction and she had to hustle to match his pace, her short stature not working in her favor. "Where are we going?" she questioned curiously when they made it to the streets of San Francisco. Jim knew exactly where he was going though and eventually they ended up a block or two away from the bar they all favored. They stood in front of a small building, with a lot of wear and tear, that was still brightly lit up and a few people milling around inside. "What is this place?" "Harland's Pizza Plaza," Jim read the sign aloud, his hands showcasing the sign. "No shit," she said sarcastically. She knew how to read a restaurant sign. "I found it awhile back," he admitted. "It's twenty-four hours and has just the right amount of grease." "Just the right amount of grease." She raised an eyebrow. "That can be an impressive feat. I'll have to see it to believe it though." He held open the door for her and she immediately knew, from how the man behind the counter waved at them, that Jim came here often. "You know to take a seat anywhere," the man called out to them. "This one's good," Jim nodded to a booth in the corner. A window framed it and it was still dark out. She liked the stillness of the night and how the red lights of the pizza parlor looked compared to the darkness outside the window. The table was covered in a plastic red and white checkered tablecloth and all across the small restaurant various lit up signs were hung. A vintage arcade game was tucked away in one corner. "Do you want to split a pizza?" Jim offered. "Sure," she readily agreed. "But only if we split a pitcher of beer too." He laughed, his head bending down some as he did so. "And Bones gives me a hard time about my drinking." "Doesn't he have a penchant for bourbon?" Eleanor inclined her head as she questioned. "Mint Julep especially," Jim nodded in seriousness just as the same man from behind the counter came up to the table. "What can I get ya, Jim?" he asked. His voice was gruff, but he was cheerful if not overworked. "Give us your special," he requested. "Got it," he said. "Anything to drink." Jim cocked his head at Eleanor. "Whatever beer you've got," Eleanor answered for them. "Ah," the man laughed, a wheezing sound coming from his chest. "A girl after my own heart. Keep this one, Jim." He tapped the boy's shoulder before he went back to the kitchen. "It's so nice," Eleanor said after a moment of awkward silence. "To find a place that won't judge you for drinking at four in the morning." Her joke dissipated any weirdness between them. It was the first time they'd ever been hanging out by themselves. She'd occasionally come down to his room to play Starships and Starlords with his roommates but that had always been in their living area with others around. She figured he was probably fonder of Uhura, the playful banter a constant between them. He probably liked Gaila, her curves appealing to him. But it was Eleanor he had asked to dinner, even if it was just a friendly gesture. She would reciprocate the niceness by trying not to be an awkward weirdo. "What had you up so late at the library?" Jim asked. "Fear of failure," she admitted, earning another laugh from the man. "No, um, Interspecies Ethics." "That's taught by Hannigan, right?" "Yep," she shook her head as a pitcher and two mugs were placed on the table. "Thanks," she smiled up at the waiter. "Pizza will be right out." "Thank you," Jim also said before turning back to the girl. She had long, light brown hair with highlights running through the strands. Her eyes were gorgeous, but unassuming like she was used to not being the center of attention. That on it's own regard, made her the exact opposite of Jim Kirk who thrived in an environment where he could take control. "Why'd you join Starfleet?" he inquired, a perfectly normal question that was always used among the cadets as small talk. Bashful again she glanced down at the table, her face not uncomfortable but formulating a good response. Eventually all she did was shrug. "It's not like I had much back home and at least in Starfleet there's always a place to crash." Jim's own background had been rough enough that he was kind enough not to push for any information. "Of course," she continued, folding her arms and resting her elbows on the edge of the table. "Your reason for joining Starfleet is already notorious." "Notorious," he joked. "Nah." "Wooing Uhura, bar fight, wooing Captain Pike." "I think it was more of him wooing me," he corrected. "Ah, of course," she conceded. "And I'm sure your choice of Command Studies was only to appease him." "He begged me to do it," he said of his specialization. "And your major?" "Security," she responded, once again shyly looking down at the table again. Kirk found her bashfulness amusing. So many of the cadets were full of themselves, him included, and confident whereas she hid on the sidelines. "So I guess soon enough I'll have to stop being your friend," she deadpanned, looking straight into his blue eyes. "And start hanging out only with Hendorff." "Moon beam," Jim said, his eyebrows raising. "You'd pick that asshole over me." "I think deep down he's a very misunderstood character." "Right, you go off to him." Jim pretended to wave her away. "And lets see how long it takes you to come crawling back." Eleanor sat up straighter, holding back laughter. "Crawling back. Is that how you like your women, Tiberius?" "Well not only like that. And Tiberius?" "I see now why Uhura hates you, Tiberius." "Did it really take you this long?" "No," she admitted. "But I can see now that she really has earned the right to call you a pig." He held a hand over his heart. "You wound me. My reputation isn't that bad." She raised her brows, her facial expression for once serious. "It's not that bad," Jim tried to laugh again. Her face stayed the same, wondering if he really was just that conceited or didn't understand his trail of playthings. "I'm not that bad," he said again, his voice growing stronger. "Girls can just be hopeful," she said finally, soft spoken. "And while in no way do I think this, but some say you're a catch. Girls don't want to just sleep with you, I mean I guess they do, but they also want to be the one that has breakfast in bed with you." He stayed silent, hoping his face remained blank at her remarks. She tried to help him feel better again. "This is the most competitive place I've ever been," she said, honesty at it's finest. "Everybody wants to be the best and that's not confined to their careers. Having the perfect grades and the perfect guy…that's probably a dream come true for all the perfectionists here." That got a smile from Jim, a little guarded this time. "You think I'm the perfect guy?" "No," she shook her head, dead serious. "I definitely do not think you are the perfect guy." Jim had been called plenty of things, a deadbeat, a lowlife, a shitty brother and a shitty son. He'd had lots of girls though moan sweet things to him and normally it was the morning after when the nasty name calling began. Certainly women didn't always croon to him, Uhura was proof of that alone. But Eleanor was so serious and solemn as she spoke to Jim. She wasn't sugar coating anything and something tugged at him. He wasn't bothered by her comments, but he was left wondering about who she really was. Who she was behind the façade of easy drinking and large amounts of music lyrics. The only problem was that if he wanted to see that side of her, her truer self, than he'd probably have to open up himself and he wasn't willing to do that for anybody. Not right now and probably not for a long time, if ever. So instead he sat across from Eleanor splitting a pizza with her and becoming just friends. April, 2256 Starfleet Academy—Spring Semester It was never a good sign to get called to the principal's office. At least that was what Eleanor had discovered throughout her middle and high school years. So it was no better when she received word to head to Captain Christopher Pike's office. For one hopeful minute she had let herself believe that something good would come of it—maybe he'd ask her to apply for an internship or point her future career in the right direction. It only took ten seconds into the meeting for déjà vu of her high school years to kick. Oh, and her future career…that was closer to becoming nonexistent. A mechanical chronometer ticked, the only noise in his office until Eleanor was able to get her mouth to work again. "You want me to," she paused painfully. "Leave Starfleet." It wasn't a question. It was his statement word for word. The chronometer ticked and ticked, until Pike cleared his throat to speak again. At least he had the decency to look sorrowful as he explained. "Not all students are built for the lifestyle that is Starfleet." "Lifestyle," she repeated. She blinked once, willing away shock and confusion with the brief movement. "You mean being an above average genius." He never flinched or looked away. "While your scores were acceptable for entry, the realities of the Academy can be a lot more involved than they originally appear. You are in a precarious situation and it would be more neglectful of us if we were not to have this conversation, no matter how difficult it can be." Eleanor struggled to formulate a response. "There are other options," Pike said. "You could enlist as a non-commissioned officer. Or consider going to university." "How many other people have you tried to kick out?" Eleanor asked suddenly. "I have had to have several of these conversations throughout the years." "I've not technically failed any classes this year." "That is true," he granted. "But after careful review and consideration, in addition to speaking to several instructors, your time at the Academy has so far been very rocky. While your combat skills are exceptional, there's no doubting that, you lack other qualities needed to build a successful career as an officer in Starfleet." "How long did it take you to come up with that phrase?" she said, Captain Pike meeting the true deadpan nature of Eleanor Sayer. "Cadet Sayer," he cleared his throat again. "Maybe we should speak about this frankly." "Okay." "Last semester you failed one of your courses, already placing you on academic probation, and you took no additional responsibilities that would help with your future career goals. It does not appear as if you have any focus." "I'm a security trainee." "Knowing how to block a punch is just a sliver of the job description that is a security officer. The rest of your schedule revolves around course electives. Your schedule therefore lacks the academic rigor that is a cornerstone of every other cadet on this campus." "Starfleet praises diversity so long as that diversity doesn't drag the average GPA of the Academy down." It was a pot shot and once again Captain Pike didn't flinch. "Like I said," he eyed her solemnly. "The realities of Starfleet." "So what are my options?" she asked, her chest tightening as she said the words. He was quiet for one moment. "Your midterm marks were not to your favor. Consider this as your final academic warning. Shall you fail any more courses, you will have to undergo approval to continue your studies via the Starfleet Academy Board. I advise you not to let it get to this point. Even if the Board rules in your favor, you would most likely not graduate on time. I would rather see you finding the correct path than simply put—waste your time." Eleanor didn't feel anything. She wasn't sure what one was supposed to feel when they were being told to not follow their dreams, their perfectly crafted plans for the future. She had no other plans. She wouldn't even know what to do. So instead, in typical Eleanor Sayer style she calmly looked at the older gentleman, her sea green eyes dark and stormy, the only trait betraying the emotion she was feeling. She picked up her bag beside her feet, ready to leave. But first she raised one brow and evenly stated: "I guess it was a good thing that James T. Kirk was a genius when you convinced him to join." Her blood was pumping, boiling, as she flew towards her dorm. Her heart was racing, and she swore to god if she ended up crying she would scream. It'd be a lot more satisfying than having water leak down her face, again. Who the hell was Christopher Pike to tell somebody that they weren't good enough. Fuck the academic rigor of Starfleet. It was rigged. She was a good student, she had flown by in all of her high school classes. So she hadn't gone to university, but that wasn't a requirement of Starfleet. It was just another way the odds were stacked against her. In fact everything was stacked against her. The way professors only wanted essays written certain ways, the way everybody already knew several languages before they enrolled, and even how her Creative Writer instructor didn't care for her because she had never read Shakespeare. It pissed her off. How could a person grow and learn at Starfleet Academy if they already wanted you a certain way? Then there was how everybody was breezing by. At the rate Eleanor was going, as Pike had put it, she would be lucky if she could make it through this semester. Fuck that. Fuck him. Fuck this place. She wasn't going to fail, because she would not give Starfleet the satisfaction. In a blur she ran up the stairs to her room. She flung her bag down on the floor, then flew across the hall, banging on the door of Room 606. The door opened by itself, Gaila on her bed painting her toenails. "You okay, love?" "I need you to hack into Starfleet files and get me every single class ranking that there is." The room was silent, Gaila staring up at her with her mouth hanging open. "Um," she stuttered. "I don't think…I'm not so sure I can do that." "Yes, you can," Eleanor replied darkly. "Don't lie about your skills." Gaila screwed the bottle of nail varnish into place. Only one foot was done so far. "Okay," she said slowly, calmly. "Even if I could hack in, I don't know where I would look for those files." "The provisional midterm scores for every class were recently sent to the review board, so that they could be approved," Eleanor told her as she sat down beside her on the bed. Gaila's laptop was placed between them where they could both see it. "There's got to be a file, a drive, or something." "It'd be easier to see the rankings for each graduating class," Gaila responded, her hands already flying across the keyboard. "That's not good enough," Eleanor replied. "I need to know the exact grades that everyone is making in all of my classes and then how everybody else did if they ever took any of the courses that I'm taking." Gaila paused. "So…basically, like, you want to go big brother on everybody and know how well they've ever done in every single class they've ever taken." Eleanor glanced at her. "Yeah." "Okay," Gaila took a deep breath. "We'll start with your classes." She typed something in, multiple screens popping up simultaneously. "I'm going to transfer it to a file that I can easily send to you." "Thanks." "Uh huh," Gaila barely said, work mode taking over. "Um," she wavered and Eleanor felt shame coursing through her. "I know it's bad," she said as Gaila saw her course marks. "No," Gaila quickly said. "You just…I mean last semester you had a better average in your Combat course than Jim Kirk." Eleanor smiled thinly, silently thanking Gaila for her graciousness. "The scores may take a while to download," Gaila continued. "I've narrowed the results down to students still attending the Academy and the previous five graduating classes." "Thank you," Eleanor breathed. "No problem." Gaila clicking one last button. "It's actually kinda nice…I haven't been asked to hack into something in a while." "Pleasure doing business with you," Eleanor countered, standing up when she heard her PADD beep. She crossed the hall and ducked through her door which she'd left open and dug through her bag to get to the file. "Maybe just don't tell anybody about this," Gaila yelled to her from across the hall. "Especially not Uhura!" "Wasn't planning on it," Eleanor agreed firmly. She shut the door to her room and got busy finding out who had the best scores in all the classes she needed to pass. Eleanor banged on the door three times until she heard shuffling feet on the other side. A shirtless man answered the door, rubbing one eye as he looked down at her tiredly. "Yeah?" he yawned. "Is Andrew here?" she asked. "Just a sec." He shuffled back the way he had come and Eleanor could hear another door opening, the muffled sound of a conversation and then a minute later Andrew Porter stood in the doorway. "Yeah?" he asked unsurely. "Sorry, who are you?" "I'm Eleanor Sayer." She held out a hand. A confused expression still on his face, he tentatively grasped hers and they shook. "And I think we should work together." "Excuse me?" "You currently have the lowest grade in your Hand to Hand Combat class," she explained. "I'm willing to help you in exchange for help in my Interspecies Ethics." "Huh," Andrew "Drew" Porter answered back, completely taken aback at the girl. He leaned forward slightly looking back and forth down the hallway. "How'd you even get in here?" He had correctly assumed that she was not in his Cadet class and as such they lived in different dormitories, but all she had to do was walk into the building as somebody was on their way out. The person had even been nice enough to hold the door open for her. She ignored his question. "Combat help." "No," he said. His face scrunched up but it wasn't in disgust, rather more like disbelief that it was seven in the morning and somebody had seriously knocked on his door at that time while also being aware of the fact that his otherwise spotless grade point average was about to suffer a significant blow because he sucked at fighting. She could easily forgive his confusion on the matter. She could not forgive him for his denial. "You're in the top four percent of your class," Eleanor reminded him. "You'd need at least a B to maintain that trend, if you were to ace everything else. Do you want to risk that or just go ahead and admit that you need help so that you can continue you're A+ average?" "A+ average," he repeated. She was funny to watch as she spoke. Eyes wide, matter of fact and an unnerving stare. "Look." She blinked and he found that relieving. "I need help on my Interspecies Ethics, at least a C, preferably a B. I think that's a pretty acceptable deal considering I would help you get an A in your class." "This is weird," Drew stated. "How did you know where I lived." "I've been following you since I saw you give that talk back during Orientation week," she deadpanned. His alarmed face was comical. "No," she corrected loudly. "I have a good hacker friend." "What?" She rolled her eyes. "Just take the deal." "No." "Why not?" "Because this is weird," he repeated. "And I don't know you, and it's seven in the morning." "I live in Room 605 in Somers Hall," she told him. "When you change your mind you can find me there." She turned on her heel and walked down the hall. Still confused, he watched her go, one final phrase slipping through his teeth. "This is still weird!" "Hi." The woman, her black hair in a sleek ponytail looked at Eleanor in careful confusion. "Who are you?" "Ensign Daniels, right?" "Who are you?" she asked again. "My name's Eleanor, I'm a cadet, and I need all of your legendary notes for both semesters of Early Starfleet History." The woman looked at Eleanor like she couldn't believe this was happening. "How did you get in?" Ensign Daniel's looked around the New York office. They were on the thirty-eighth floor and it was ten in the morning and Ensign Daniel's didn't think she was that hungover. Seriously, had nobody noticed a fucking cadet wondering around the Starfleet building? "Mocha," Eleanor held out a drink, Daniels' favorite drink from her favorite little coffee stall a good two blocks away. Unbelievable, the ensign thought to herself as she found herself reaching out for the drink. Eleanor held the cup back. "Notes." "Yeah, yeah, okay." She pulled the drink out of Eleanor's hands. "I'll get you the notes." "And the study guide you stole from Professor Murchin last year," Eleanor demanded. Eleanor waited until the bathroom cleared out before she made her move. They were both at the row of sinks, a yellow glow cast on them from the fancy lighting. They were in the bathroom of one of the ritziest restaurants in downtown San Francisco. The cadet could never afford this type of place but to each their own she supposed. After a trio of women in tall heels wobbled out it was just Eleanor and Lieutenant Julianne Abrams. Taking a deep breath, Eleanor turned towards the woman and walked towards her. At first Abrams didn't pay any attention to her, until she was too close for comfort and the officer gave the girl a strange look. "Hello," Eleanor said simply. "Hi," Abrams replied, a tight smile on her face. She was getting creeped out. "You're Lieutenant Julianne Abrams." The lieutenant's eyebrows rose. "Yes," she admitted, carefully giving Eleanor a once over. "And you are?" "Eleanor Sayer," she introduced. "You had the highest score in your Tactical Analysis course." "Okay?" "I would like you to tutor me." Abram's smiled, a sickly sweet red-lipped smile. "Oh, I'm afraid I don't have the time. I might be stationed in San Fran, but I don't exactly have free time." She winked in the mirror. "The life of a Starfleet Officer." "I know you're fucking your husband's brother." Abram's visibly snapped at Eleanor's words, her eyes popping and her jaw clenching as she stared in wonder at Eleanor through the mirror in front of them. "Excuse me?" her voice hissed dangerously. "I need a good grade in Tactical Analysis," Eleanor reiterated. "Who the fuck are you?" Abram's clipped, her spine stretching much like an angry cats would. "Eleanor Sayer," she said. She titled her head in the mirror ready to make one last demand. "Also if you could call Lieutenant Commander Alex Lathe and tell him you know somebody who could use his help in Survival Strategies, that'd be great." "What's happening short stuff?" Leonard McCoy asked, gruffly but kindly, to Eleanor an hour later as she trudged up the steps to their dorm. He'd just been heading back from his clinical shifts when he noticed that she was right behind him. Over one shoulder she held her bag and she walked slowly, dark circles under her eyes. "Looks like you've been to hell and back," he kidded. "Eh," was her only response. Did tracking down current and previous students in order to blackmail them into helping her pass her classes count as hell? Hell, one thing was certain: she was still scrappy as fuck. Leonard held the door open for her and she thanked him with a smile as she entered the building. They began the climb up to the top floors. "How 'bout your day?" she asked. "I haven't seen the moron all day," Leonard said cheerfully. Despite several hours logged at Starfleet Hospital, he wasn't as tired as he could have been. The Academy was challenging in it's own ways, but medical school had been a bitch that'd he already wrangled with and because of his career as a doctor he could work a twelve hour shift like a pro. "I hate to ruin your day," Eleanor teasingly smiled as she jerked her head forward. Jim Kirk was skipping down the stairs, signature leather jacket on, when he realized who he was about to cross paths with. "Bones!" he shouted excitedly, stopping at the same landing that they were on. "I was wondering where you'd gone off this morning." "Where I'd gone off?" Leonard scoffed back. "I'd gone off to work, Mr. I-wake-up-in-a-different-bed-every-morning." Eleanor whistled low, adding to the playful banter, making Jim look over at her. "And where have you been all day?" he asked, standing up straighter to play the enforcer. "Oh, you know, no day is complete without a little trip to New York," she joked, except it wasn't a joke. "Just so long as you went to Times Square," Jim winked, oblivious to the truth. He clapped Leonard on the back and meant to fly down the rest of the stairs when he turned back quickly. "Oh, the girls were looking for you." She raised an eyebrow in question. Kirk's signature smirk marked his face. "Apparently you have a gentleman caller." "What?" "I don't know some, Drew…that peer cadet dude," he tried to remember what Uhura had said earlier when she'd called him on his communicator. "He's been waiting for like an hour apparently." "Drew Porter is in my dorm!" Eleanor shouted, startling both the men. She turned on her heel and ran up the stairs, her backpack jostling around as she hopped from one stair to the next. "The hell," Leonard said under his breath, watching the girl run like a maniac. "Don't worry, Bones," Jim patted him on the shoulder one last time. "One day a girl will react like that for you too." "Fuck off!" Eleanor bounded up the last step and tried to calm her breathing as she walked down her hallway. She smoothed down her shirt as she opened the door and stepped through. Drew Porter was sitting in her desk chair while Uhura and Gaila sat on Helga's bed and stared at him. That was it. They just sat and stared. Occasionally, Uhura's head would tilt from side to side as she studied the man. There was just something about Drew Porter. He was tall, with such broad shoulders. His hair was a sandy blonde, veering on being taken for brown. His eyes were a green hazel and his face was handsome. Handsome, with a little something else. Any man could be handsome, just take Kirk for example, but Drew Porter had something else. Something…magical or incandescent. Something nobody could put a word on. They just knew that Drew Porter wasn't just pretty. One wanted to look at him, wanted to know who he was, wanted the privilege of speaking with him. There was a magnetic pull that made people want to feel, to understand and to know the young man. The attention was unwanted though. James Kirk was like a sunflower soaking up the attention of the crowds, but it made Porter wilt. His comfort was obvious as he sat in the chair, his palms on his knees as he looked from Gaila to Uhura. It wasn't even a sexual attraction this time for Gaila. She just felt so awe inspired from staring at him. There was this need to just be quiet….to just soak up the presence of the young man. Needless to say as soon as the door opened and Eleanor walked in, Drew was more than ready to jump up with an excuse to get out from under their stares. "Drew Porter is in my dorm," Eleanor said again, this time not shouting. It made Uhura break contact with the man, blinking up at Eleanor. She stood up quickly like she had just realized that she had been caught ogling somebody. She cleared her throat. "Um, he's been waiting for you. I tried calling you, but your comm's in your room you know. Helga let him in before she had to leave for class." "Yeah sorry," Eleanor apologized. "Hi," she said to Drew. He awkwardly smiled back. "Okay, we're going to go study." She motioned for the other women to leave and they staggered out like they didn't understand how their legs worked. "Why don't you ever get onto her about bringing guys back to the dorm?" she heard Gaila whisper to Uhura as they stood in the hall, typing in their access code. "Cause I haven't walked in on her on multiple occasions doing god knows what!" Uhura hissed back. "You know what I was doing!" Uhura put her hands up to her ears, a frustrated scream tearing from her lips. "Sorry about them," Eleanor said. They stood in the tiny space in the middle of the room and he, like almost everyone else, was taller than she was making her have to look up. The lights coming down on him made it appear like there was a halo around him. If this had been any other time, maybe she would have taken the time to admire his appearance, but she was desperate and she couldn't lose any more time. "I've reconsidered your offer," he said slowly like he wasn't sure if he was really ready to strike a bargain with her. She looked up at him in hope. "I took Interspecies Ethics my first year," he said. "You have Olson right?" "Yes." "I've looked over his syllabus and you would need at a minimum two B's and an A on the remaining quizzes, an A on the other essay and an A on the final." Eleanor looked up at him in confusion. When Drew spoke, it was clear that he was shy and that he disliked having somebody look at him. As he looked at Eleanor, his hands dangled at the side, his hands balled into fists. "That's what you have to do in order to get an A," he explained. "Oh," Eleanor frowned, like it just occurred to her that she could get an A. "But I just care about passing and my grades are really low." "I know," Drew said. "But if you're sure that I can get an A in my combat class than I think it's only fair that we shoot for an A in your class too." Eleanor stared up at Drew. It had been an unusual day, but as they both stared at one another something lifted, an easy-going atmosphere engulfing them. Drew's sharp eyes seemed to smile at her. There was no judgment in his eyes and he wasn't being blackmailed into helping her like some of the others. "This is weird," Eleanor admitted. "Tell me about it," he smiled back with a short unsteady laugh. He held out his hand and they shook on the deal. Please leave a review and let me know your thoughts on Eleanor. Are you liking her? What do you guys think about the Star Trek gang in the Academy?
Disclaimer-Star Trek and any music/song lyrics mentioned belong to their respective owners. Also this chapter might run a little bit high on the T rating... Unnamed Stars III Summertime, 2256 San Francisco Eleanor found nothing about running satisfying. Just the word itself—too elusive, too many definitions, meanings and implications. Yet, she found herself running constantly. Lately she'd been going every morning, at some ungodly time before the sun was even out. It was misty outside, the weather not sure if it wanted to rain or not, and only a few others were on the same path that she was jogging on. Her feet hitting the dirt, a satisfying crunch to her steps. The humidity was awful as she fought to control her breathing. How stupid was it that people went running for fun. For exercise. Like some people had the leisure to go running without actually running from something. That must be the life, Eleanor thought to herself. She came to a clearing, a breathtaking scene of the city below her. She should have felt like she was on top of the world. Instead, she bent down, sucking in wind, her heart beating erratically and not from all the running. She could see campus from her little mountaintop. The sun was trying to peek out and shine down on it. It was a staple of the city and Eleanor had just barely managed to cling on to it. She was still at the bottom of the rankings, but goddammit she was still a cadet. Two years down, two more to go. She'd be damned if she didn't finish. "I don't think this is such a good id-," Drew Porter didn't get to finish his sentence, landing brutally on his back, Eleanor's knee in his chest. He let out a cough of air, desperate to try to catch his breath. His eyes were wide, looking blankly up at the ceiling of one of the many Academy gyms. "Definitely not a good idea," he wheezed. Eleanor smiled like a Cheshire cat, toying with her prey before taking pity on him. Instead of going in for the kill, she let herself sink down, straddling him. Her coy smile turned playful and it was only able to become so because final exams were gone and done and an oppressive veil lifted to allow in a small amount of relief. It was hot and she was sweaty and anybody who walked into the gym in that moment would most definitely misinterpret their combat practice as something else entirely. Drew was too dazed for anything like that though and had not once in the previous months made a move on Eleanor. The situation would have been tragic really, but the heart wants what the heart wants and for Drew that meant a tall, dark, and handsome man. "I don't understand," Porter said, looking up at her on top of him. "It's summer. Term just ended." "Ten weeks until Fall semester," she reminded him, wiping sweat off her forehead and panting slightly. "Ten weeks until your Advanced Hand to Hand Combat begins." Porter groaned from beneath her, scrunching his eyes at the painful thought of enduring more combat training. Fucking hell, he was at the top of his class (and alright he knew that was only because he wasn't in direct competition with James T. Kirk as they were in different cadet classes) and he was unmatched in his specialization— criminal law. That meant that while his brain was gifted immensely his body was better suited for long hours at various libraries rather than being able to take (or better yet, give) any punches. Eleanor was true to her word when she said she would fix that and they meant to carry over their agreement into the next semester, if only because Eleanor knew she would still need help in continuing to secure a spot at the Academy. Though admittedly a friendship was advancing. Eleanor patted his chest. "Don't worry. Right out of the gate we're going to get you that A, just like last semester." "What about a small break?" Porter opened one eye to ask. "I mean it is summer." She let out a deep breath, her body beginning to relax as the adrenaline of fighting left her, before rolling her eyes. "Is it summer?" she questioned. "Really summer? Because around here the work is constant." "I'm well aware of that," he said, placing one hand on her knee. It was a tiny gesture, one that didn't make her heart flutter, but signaled that after weeks of physical training they knew each other well. She felt his body moving, deep breaths in and out as she sat atop of him. It could almost be classified as peaceful in the gym, until Jim Kirk walked in. The large doors banged closed as he stopped suddenly, staring at them, a water bottle dangling from one hand. He blinked in surprise, before he fixed an easy smile on his face. "Didn't mean to interrupt," he winked with exaggeration. "You weren't," she said firmly. She stood up, shaking out her legs, the limbs feeling funny after her workout. She held out a hand for Porter and dragged him up before glancing back at Jim, noticing the sweat on his forehead. "How long have you been here?" He shrugged. "Got here maybe an hour ago. Thought it was mostly empty." He took a couple of steps forward as did they and he held out a hand for the other man in the room. "Jim Kirk," he introduced, sharp eyes carefully looking over the man. "Drew Porter," he clasped his hand in Jim's. "We had Statistical Mechanics together right, back in the Fall?" Jim nodded his head in recognition. "Oh, yeah, with Parsons. You do alright?" "I got the grade I wanted so I can't complain," Porter said, ignoring Jim's blue eyes, steadily watching him, silently trying to understand why he was working out with Eleanor. Jim knew from Gaila, that Porter had been around the girl's dorm a couple of times. If there was anybody on campus who probably got just as much attention as Jim did it was Drew Porter. He had never interacted much with him though and he was starting to wonder, no more like question, the mystery behind the other man. He had to have come from somewhere, a planet not known to many and Jim wanted to know even if curiosity usually killed the cat. Jim nodded at whatever the guy had just said, briefly cutting his eyes to Eleanor who was picking up her backpack. "I'll let you have a break," she told Porter. "Just this once." He smiled back, obviously understanding the meaning behind the words. "I'll see you around." He nodded his head at Jim. "Good to see you again." "Yeah, you too," Jim said as the guy left the gym before bringing his attention back to Eleanor. They naturally fell in step together, heading towards the same place. "Aren't you supposed to be on a ship somewhere?" Eleanor asked. "The Farragut," Jim said speaking of his study placement on the spaceship. "Yeah, until December." Eleanor pretended to think about his time away. "I think McCoy is going to have the best summer ever." "I, no, no I don't think that," Jim corrected. "He's really rather clingy." "Clingy," Eleanor repeated, like she wasn't sure if he'd really said that exact word. Jim nodded to tell her he had. "I'm not sure that McCoy thinks that." "Oh, he does," Jim assured her. He swiped his ID and held open the door for her. They began the trek up the stairs and Jim watched Eleanor. Only occasionally he'd found himself walking up the stairs with her by his side. On each of those occasions though he noticed that the five flights of stairs, and the extra flight to get up to her sixth floor, never bothered her. The physical activity never made her lose her breath or slow down her movements as she walked up to her dorm. "Where are you going?" Eleanor asked, her brow wrinkling as they passed his floor. "Nowhere," Jim said innocently. He followed her to her door, where she gave him another look. "I just wanted to make sure Uhura remembers about drinks." "Drinks?" Eleanor furrowed her brow again, not having heard about any plans. "Yeah," he said. "I know most people have left, but this will be my last Friday in town. Bones and I will be in our usual spot, so come by." "I don't know when Uhura is leaving for her internship," Eleanor told him. He waved it off. "She'll be there. She wouldn't crush my dreams like that." Eleanor made a funny noise in the back of her throat. "Would she?" "Don't break my heart," he warned. "Do you mind if I wait here till she comes back?" She opened the door with a warning: "You know if she even finds you on this floor she'll kill you." "I'll take the risk," he winked and breezed past her even though it was her dorm to begin with. She was left to follow him in and he quickly plopped down on her bed. It sank underneath his weight. "You guys have any food in here?" he asked. She gave him a pointed look and he shrugged, not abashed at all to have asked for the free handout. She moved around the tiny room, shuffling clothes to a drawer and throwing a PADD down on her nightstand. She started to unzip her backpack when Jim got up. "Your chair spins?" Kirk exclaimed. He spun around in the desk chair. "Yours doesn't?" she snorted. "No," Jim told her, pouting as he pictured his plain desk chair. "It doesn't even have wheels." "No wheels!" Eleanor exclaimed sarcastically as she took out a PADD from her bag. "Who did you piss off?" Jim opened his mouth but she quickly cut him off. "No, I don't want to know. Knowing you it's more likely a story of who you haven't pissed off." "I haven't pissed you off," he pointed out. She gave him a cool look, done deliberately for the sake of humor and he knew that, his grin matching her comedy. "Not that you know of," she joked coyly. "God, I love the women on the sixth floor," Jim proclaimed, spinning one more time in the chair for good measure. He stopped right at the desk, hands nimbly moving through the different piles of PADDs and notebooks. "You write in journals." he noted. She ducked her face, avoiding his gaze as she looked down at the paper. "A neighbor of mine used to teach elementary school – at this really, really, nice, private school. She'd always be given small journals or pretty pads of paper as novelty gifts from her students, because they were the type of people who could afford them. She never used them though so she'd give them to me. When I was little I'd color in them, but I also liked to pretend sometimes that I was somebody important, like a business executive or Starfleet Officer and take notes in them. I like the feeling of the pen or pencil pushing into the paper. There's something about it that feels good, like cathartic or something." She broke off suddenly, realizing she was rambling. It wasn't exactly an intimate detail of her life. It was an honest detail, but sometimes it was those types of tiny, honest admissions that gave away more than the person meant to. Jim might have sensed that too as he looked at her in interest. "I had a neighbor that worked in a box factory." "What?" "A box factory," he nodded his head. "Well, really they built all kinds of crates and storage things, but sometimes he'd bring back these massive cardboard boxes," Jim explained. "So he'd give them to us. To me and my brother and who else happened to be around the neighborhood. So we'd have this huge box and we just pretended it was whatever we wanted it to be. Most of the time we'd cut it up and try to build a rocket ship, not that it ever really came out looking like an actual one, but we always thought it looked cool. And we'd just play in these cardboard boxes." She inclined her head to the side, studying him. He shrugged his shoulders at her wonder. "I guess I just mean to say that paper should be appreciated more." He glanced pointedly at one of the PADDS on her desk. "I know we rely on all this stuff, but in a lot of ways we got here because of paper." "You are a poetic philosopher," Eleanor replied, teasing, but her voice was soft and plain, emitting that she touched a truth. "Mostly poetic," Jim replied, squinting his eyes as he thought about it. One thing about Jim Kirk was that he was great at reverting to his sillier side. Serious one second, a split second later back to his sarcastic self. Humor was such a large part of Kirk, but in a lot of ways it was his barrier. And everybody, including him, knew it. Drawn back to his usual antics he flipped open a journal, flicking through notes and to-do lists before stopping at a certain page. "What's this?" His voice betraying his actual confusion and curiosity at the pages in front of him. His eyes roved across them, the story enticing him to keep reading. "Is this…" His eyebrows raised, boyish delight on his face as he began to laugh. "Holy shit, does Eleanor Sayer write erotica?" He looked up at her. "I mean I knew you took creative writing, but this is a bit racy by Starfleet standards anyway." Eleanor should have been embarrassed. In fact she was, but only about Jim reading her writing. It was only ever on a whim that she'd write something down. Wishful thinking that she could produce a story that somebody would want to read, and no less pay her for it. Being a published author for Eleanor meant quite possibly the same thing that being a captain meant to Jim. Except that would always be a secret desire, one that'd float in her head and just as quickly float away as she thought about bills and the fear of not being good enough. "You're writing porn," Jim stated, holding up her writing. She rolled her eyes, moving to a stack of clothes that needed to be placed in her closet. "Probably," she admitted and the admission took Jim by surprise. "So…" To the classic man whore, this was almost too good to be true. "This is what you do in your spare time…write porn?" "It's not porn," Eleanor retracted her words making Jim's eyes narrow at her. "If you'd stop reading just the dirty bits you'd figure out that it's actually a love story." "A love story," he repeated the words dryly. Nevertheless he actually flipped through more of the pages looking for the non-dirty bits. There weren't any though. "Okay, the whole things on my laptop," she defended. She liked to write via pen and paper, but she had to admit getting a 90,000 plus worded story written out was better done on a laptop. Less messy that way. It was no use as Jim began to read her work aloud. "'If you trust me,'" Jim spoke in a fake deep voice, taking liberties with how her male character would actually sound. "'You'd show me. You'd get on your knees and tell me with your mouth, not just that you love me, but how much you love me.'" Jim's brows furrowed, clearly not satisfied with the protagonist. "She did love him," he continued reading, dropping the funny voice now that it was only narrative. "So she dropped to her knees, staring up at him through her lashes, unblinking as she unzipped his pants and palmed him…." Jim Kirk stopped reading aloud, but she watched him silently read, his eyes flying back and forth as he followed the words. She just stood and watched him read. Originally, his voice had been teasing, making fun of her work, something she should have been more upset at. As he continued to read, his face creased as he slowed down, absorbing the words and imaging the scenario. There wasn't much for him to imagine. He'd had some amazing blowjobs in his lifetime and he couldn't blame the man for having a woman down on her knees for him. The question though was why the hell was this chic in love with some asshole dude. "Is this what you think is love?" James asked, his brows knitted together. While Eleanor had had one or two conversations with him where he dropped his class clown persona, she was taken aback at his seriousness. His intense blue eyes didn't stray from her face as he waited, intent on receiving an answer. When Eleanor didn't formulate a response he repeated the question, his eyes only leaving hers to glance back at the writing. "Is this what you think love is?" he asked, standing up. "Porno office sex." She wanted to laugh at his serious expression. "Why are you so concerned?" "Because I don't want you to think that this is what you have to do in order to get a guy to like you." The statement almost knocked the wind out of her, coming from James Tiberius Kirk, the womanizer extraordinaire that was notorious for his night time (or anytime) play dates. She stared up at him, taking in his face that suddenly appeared older than it normally did. His clear blue eyes were big, but the normal hopeful spark in them was gone, instead replaced by concern and she was reminded of how often she would carefully watch him surveying the bar that he and his mates were drinking at, constantly watching to make sure his friends were safe and accounted for. It was those moments, the moments when Eleanor would catch him bucking his reputation as only being a playboy douchebag that just so happened to be a genius, that she could understand how leadership was a natural fit for him. It wasn't his ease at public speaking or being the life of the party—it was his dedication to making sure his friends were always okay. He might not care about himself, and he certainly pretended like he didn't need to be cared about by others, but he certainly cared and was even sentimental towards the friends he had made so far during his time at the Academy. "You're going big brother on me," Eleanor realized. He blinked. "No," he said out of habit. "I mean, I'm just saying." He scratched the back of his head before trying again. "I'm just saying. You're young and I don't want you to go around thinking, you know in today's society with books like these," he held up the piece of work. "And movies that show girls agreeing to do whatever the guys say and." Kirk was officially rambling, but his worry was justified. It was an unfortunate fact that women still had to work hard to shatter that glass ceiling despite the large number of kick ass women who had not only worked towards but shaped United Earth and the Federation. It was still an uphill battle at times and it was nice knowing that Jim Kirk valued a woman's strength. He didn't want Eleanor thinking that her duty in life was to have sex with guys, for their pleasure. She was fortunate enough to have been raised by a strong woman who had taught her that. She cut him off. "I know the difference between love and hot and horny sex." Her even keeled tone shut him up, surprised at her words. "You do?" he sounded unsure. She nodded her head, taking one step towards him. "Do you?" "Of course," he lied. Not that he thought it was lying. It's just when one had never been in love all sex was….well, then it really was just hot and horny sex. Eleanor's movements had been so subtle that Kirk didn't realize just how close she had gotten until she delicately picked her journal out of his hands. "Then you would know that you didn't read it right," she said, her voice gentle and calm. "I know how to read." She smiled slightly. Obviously, he knew how to read. "I mean," she explained that Kirk hadn't read any of the novel's exposition. "It's about Olivia pushing through her shyness and being willing to express her love through sexual acts. Even then it's not all about the sex." Jim didn't believe her. "It's not?" She shook her head, taking one more step towards him despite Jim thinking she was already impossibly close. "It's about the closeness and the willingness to submit to somebody so openly. It's easy to have sex with somebody in the dark after rounds of tequila. It's easy to have sex with a stranger when you never have to see that person again. When you never have to see them again and think…I know you've seen me naked and vulnerable." Eleanor had to lean her head back in order for her to stare into Jim's eyes. He honestly didn't know if their chests were pressed together or if it just felt like that because he knew she was so close to him. "But it's harder to have sex with somebody when you also want to keep that person in your life." He swallowed and tried to regain his teasing charm. "Are you trying to seduce me, Miss. Sayer?" "No," she said point blank. "But that's what I'm saying, Mr. Horn Dog. I know love isn't just hot and horny sex. It's also about the ability to just be close to someone." "Do you really believe that?" Jim asked. "A person can stand close to somebody. It doesn't mean that's true love." "You're right," she admitted. "But I'm guessing you don't like it when a person stands too close to you when you're checking out at the grocery store and I doubt you're so keen about divulging secrets about yourself to others. I guess what I'm trying to say, is that it's hard to open up to a person. Sexually submitting yourself is one way." Her green eyes held steady against his. "But just one way." "The other ways?" "Have you ever been this close to somebody before and not had sex with them?" she asked. "Have you been able to stand this close to somebody and just have a conversation with them. To feel comfortable enough to do so." He thought about lying. "I don't know," he said instead. She tilted her head as she looked up. "What's your favorite song?" she asked. "What?" he stuttered before racking his brain for some sort of answer. "I don't know. I'd say any things fair game from the album Ill Communication." "Ah, late twentieth century alternative rock," she nodded knowingly. He didn't like that. He didn't like that she knew about the Beastie Boys, that she seemed to understand how their songs so perfectly fit together with James T. Kirk. "What's your favorite song?" he questioned. "I don't have one," she responded easily, the closeness of Jim not affecting her at all. It didn't necessarily bother him, it was just unnerving that she could press against his chest and speak to him in a normal voice, like it was completely normal to hold a conversation like this. "But you're constantly singing songs," Jim argued and he briefly wondered why he was trying to pick a fight. "I know," she agreed. "I have too many songs I like to just have a favorite. I used to like to keep track of my favorite lyrics. With school though I don't really keep up with it much any more." "Really?" His face softened at her admission. She always seemed so human to Jim. He wasn't sure if that's how girls wanted to be described as, but he liked that Eleanor was human. That she had quirks that she was so open about and that she was this kinda messy personality that rolled with the punches. "What's your favorite lyric at the moment?" "Cheated and lied, broken so bad, You made a vow, never get mad, You played the game, though it's unfair, They're all the same, who can compare?First you lose trust, then you get worried." Eleanor hummed the tune, the song flying through her mind. "First you get hurt, then you get sorry." As she sang she never looked away from Kirk, a closeness growing. She stopped the little tune, her green eyes dark as she pushed the boundaries. "What's the most perverted thing you've ever done?" Jim could feel the shock on his face at her question. So much for his suave personality. "Um," he struggled to answer. Sure, he'd done some weird shit—plenty of threesomes, but maybe nothing hard core erotic. Shit, he really was just a simple farm boy at the end of the day. "It's okay," she smiled, suddenly taking pity on him. "You don't have to tell me." One of her hands landed on Jim's chest, the cotton t-shirt soft under her hand. He suddenly realized that he hadn't taken a shower after his workout, not that she had either. "Turn around," she commanded, her voice still barely a whisper. "What?" His heart skipped a beat and he knew she could feel how fast his pulse was under her hand. "Just do it," she said, her voice firmer this time. Slowly he turned around so that she was facing his back. He'd been in this position plenty of times…except he hadn't. He was normally the one controlling the situation. He was normally the one giving out commands and making the smooth moves that he was well known for. His brow crinkled as he began to grasp at the web she was weaving. "Imagine all the different hues of love out there," she whispered. She had to be standing on her tiptoes to be as close to his ear as possible. "Imagine standing with a smoking hot girl, James T., and not having hot and horny sex." She pressed a kiss on his shoulder blade and he took a deep breath. Eleanor stepped back from him and his shoulders relaxed, the tension and worry of having her stand so close to him evaporating. "You should go now," she went back to talking in her normal voice, no more soft whispers. "Uhura's supposed to be here any second and she'll have my head if she sees you standing around." Jim turned around his mouth dropping open at how quickly she could turn something off. Something off. He wanted to slap himself. There was nothing to turn off. Whatever that had been, whatever it was, it was only her making fun of him. "Seriously go," she nudged him towards the door. Instinctively his heels dug in, needing to make some sort of smart-ass comment. Unfortunately, words seemed to be failing him at that moment. Some type of strangled noise lodged in the back of his throat, never amounting to anything and too quickly he was thrown out of the dorm. Stunned he turned back to the closed door, noting the grey color and one word flashing through his mind: fuck. "It's my last day on Earth and you think I want to go to that stupid little dive and drink with Kirk?" Uhura's tone sounded disgusted, matching the expression on her face. Gaila rolled her eyes. "Oh, I'm sorry. God forbid you miss some time with whatever little boy toy you've got going on lately because your classmates want to hang out with you!" "I don't have a boy toy!" "Bullshit!" Eleanor sighed, looking up from the textbook in her hands. She'd had one week off, this one which immediately followed final exams. She had been serious when she mentioned to Drew Porter that Starfleet cadets didn't get the summer off. Almost everybody had an internship or work study program lined up and the few that were staying behind on campus, like Eleanor, were taking courses. On Monday, she would be starting Tactical Training in addition to another communications course. She was nervous about the latter, not having an ounce of skill in languages or communication programs like Uhura. She had downloaded the syllabus already and was presently trying to skim the introduction for one of the main textbooks, but Uhura and Gaila's tiff (little arguments were becoming constant between them) was loud enough to be heard in her bedroom even with the door shut and the space of the hallway in between the two dorms. It only got louder when the door opened, Helga walking in. "Hi," Eleanor greeted. Helga barely looked at her, a blank expression on her face as she padded to her bed. "Are you okay?" Eleanor asked. They got on pretty well as roommates, so it was unusual for Helga to not even crack a smile in hello. "I'm fine," Helga snapped making Eleanor's eyebrows raise. Helga immediately looked regretful. "I'm sorry," she apologized in a shaky voice. "I'm sorry," she muttered again. She slipped off her shoes and curled up underneath her bedspread still fully clothed. She turned towards the wall and Eleanor silently accepted her apology. There was no point in getting upset when Helga clearly just needed space. Eleanor assumed the other girl was dozing while she went back to her textbook until about an hour later when there was a knock on the door. "Hey," Gaila leaned up against the doorframe. "So, I finally convinced Uhura to live a little and go to Kirk's goodbye drinks." "How'd you manage that?" "I told her that in reality it was just a chance for McCoy and her to toast an entire six months Kirk free. It was pretty easy for her to cave in after I pointed that out. You guys coming?" "I am." Eleanor looked over at Helga. "You want to come out?" she said in a softer, soothing tone. She wasn't sure if Helga would even respond, but she did. "I'm not sure," Helga admitted. Gaila walked over from her spot at the door to gently sit down on the edge of Helga's bed. She hadn't witnessed Helga's earlier snipe, but it was easy enough to tell that the cadet was having a bad day. "I can help you get ready," she offered. "I can do your hair." Helga stirred under the blankets. "I…" "Come on," Eleanor added in. "It'll be nice to get out of this dorm for a change." Helga agreed with that. She sat up, paler than usual and Gaila smiled at her, giddy to begin playing with make up. After two hours of Gaila's insistent primping and prepping the four cadets found themselves in the smoky, and sweaty, bar that was jammed pack on a Friday night. Eleanor had pushed herself through the crowd, managing to slip through to the bar. She waited to be served, not bothered by the wait. She would eventually get her alcohol even if the barmen were overwhelmed with the crowd. One of the workers who knew her, winked at her from down the bar and she knew he'd get to her next. "Hey." A body appeared next to her, elbows resting on the bar. She turned to spot Jim Kirk's easy going smile. "Hey," she replied back before turning her attention to the barman. "Guinness please." The young man nodded at her before looking at Kirk. "Budweiser," he ordered. "And hers is on me." He bobbed his head at both of them, doing his job by serving them. "You don't have to do that," Eleanor told him. Jim shook his head. "Nah, it's nothing," he said. "I'll get the next round," she promised. "No," he said instantly, his eyes staring straight at her. "What's the point of treating a girl." Eleanor fought the urge to roll her eyes, instead narrowing them as she took the glass bottle. "What are you going to do with all those smooth lines while you're on a spaceship for six months?" "Shore leave," he smirked. Eleanor laughed, shaking her head. She spied their friends a little ways off, crowded around a tall table they had grabbed. She brought her focus back on Jim, slipping her hand into her messenger style purse. She held up an envelope, made of white paper which enclosed one piece of paper and a data drive. Jim looked at it. "What is this?" "It's for you," she told him. She moved it right in front of his nose, forcing him to take it. Even then he looked down at it, unsure of the gift. This time she did roll her eyes at his confused face. "It's a going away present," she explained, wishing he'd stop looking at her so funny. She was just being friendly. "It's a page of lyrics." "Lyrics?" "Lyrics," she confirmed. "Your kinda lyrics." "My kinda lyrics?" "Maybe," Eleanor amended. "More like…lyrics that have got your number." Kirk raised one eyebrow. "Is that so?" He watched her carefully. "There's also a file in there," she went on, nodding at the envelope. "It has another story. A better story." She leaned in like she was conspiring. "One with less sex." "Less sex?" he sarcastically replied. "What kinda story is that?" Eleanor shook her head at his antics. "Probably a stupid one," she admitted. "It's not very good, but I don't know. You'll probably be too busy playing around in the stars to read it, but if you have a chance…" She let the sentence linger. She didn't need him to read her work. She wasn't looking for some kinda good critique from James Kirk. She just thought, maybe it would be nice to give him a type of peace offering, a way to move past their discussion on erotic books and fanciful talk of love. "Thank you." Jim held the envelope close to him, carefully placing it in the inside pocket of his leather jacket. His blue eyes showed how grateful he was and then the moment was gone. She turned to walk towards their friends, Jim following her through the crowd. As she walked she caught sight of Helga, standing among the group. Somebody, somewhere among the crowd dropped a glass bottle, creating ripples of movement, but Helga didn't seem to notice anything that was happening in the bar. She was just there…but barely. July, 2256 Texas, United Earth "I didn't know you were coming." Eleanor paused on the steps, looking up at her mother who had come out to stand on the porch after spying her daughter walking towards the house through the kitchen window. "You invited me," Eleanor reminded her, still staring at her mother. Throughout her life, Eleanor's mom had made her mouth drop open upon occasion, but today she had every reason to stare at her mom. Simply put she looked like shit. In the past year her mom had grown gaunt, and standing with her hand on her hip just highlighted the sharp angle of her elbow. She was all skin and bones and though she was young for being the mom of a girl who was close to turning eighteen, she looked haggard and the youth had diminished. Her blonde curls were brittle and lacked their normal shine. Her mother seemed to be standing nervously, making Eleanor wonder what the hell was going on, because her mom had never once looked at her like that. Well, okay maybe one time when she hadn't wanted Eleanor to enter the home because one of her boyfriends had trashed the house in a foul mood, but that had been in order to protect her daughter. This time it was different. Eleanor couldn't explain how, it was just a funny feeling she was getting. "Well I didn't know if you were coming," her mother responded. She bounced on her feet, anxious energy abounding. "You never replied to my messages." "Sorry about that," Eleanor said and really meant it. There wasn't much to her childhood home. It was a small home, a rectangle box with faded blue siding. There was a small front porch made out of wood (some of which was beginning to rot) and for the most part growing up hadn't been horrific in the tiny home. She had her own bedroom growing up and the carpet had always been soft when she used to play on the floor. Sure, people in the small town could certainly turn their noses down at those in less fortunate positions but Eleanor had never been wanting for love despite growing up in a one parent household. A couple towns over there was United Earth low income housing, but her mother had wanted to own her home and this was all she could afford. Eleanor hitched her backpack up higher on her shoulder, climbing up the steps and rejoicing in the air conditioning that was on full blast. It'd been a two mile walk from the Transporter to her childhood neighborhood, which was easy enough, but Texas heat in July was stifling. "I made some tea," her mom declared, bustling around in the small kitchen. "And I bought that fancy cheese you always liked." Eleanor smiled. Her mom might not have been sure that she was coming, but she had prepared anyways. "You're a gem, mom," she told the older woman, grinning. Her mom stopped her movements, looking like she was embarrassed for being called out on her good parenting skills. Eleanor thought suddenly that maybe her mom was unused to being complimented and a pang of regret hit her. Why hadn't she thanked her mom more? "Here." Her mom shoved a plastic cup of iced tea into Eleanor's hands. "Thanks," she said before sitting down at the kitchen table with her mom sitting across from her. "Mom," she began and her mother shook her head, cutting the question off before it even started. "I'm fine," she breathed, closing her eyes tightly. Anguish was laced through the movements, painful anguish. "Mom," Eleanor said again. "I didn't want to worry you," her mom said. Her voice sounded funny, husky and watery. It was the voice, along with her mother's appearance that was making Eleanor's worry elevate. "I mean you have so much going on and I didn't want you to stop, especially when it would have been pointless because there's nothing that can be done." "Mom." There was so much wrapped up in that one word. It made Ms. Sayer open her eyes and see the concerned facial expression her daughter was wearing. Taking a deep breath, the older woman felt a bit dizzy despite sitting down. "I just didn't want you to worry," she stated again, her voice still tiny. She tried to smile, but it broke a little as hot tears prickled her eyes. The tears had come from nowhere, she swore. They were just suddenly there, despite all the crying she had done the past few months. She reached out to grab Eleanor's hand, trying to do that little smile again, hoping it would work this time. "Listen," she looked directly in her daughter's eyes. "I wanted to give you the world and I'm sorry if I failed a little bit there." Eleanor's chin wobbled, she shook her head trying to rebuff the apology. "I don't want you to think this means you should come home," her mom instructed. "There's no point and Sue has been so nice and helpful lately." "Mom," the name ripped from Eleanor's lips, her chest constricting in pain that had so swiftly encased her. Ms. Sayer shook her head again. "It's okay," she said even though it wasn't, but dying women could say what they want. "You're so strong, Ellie. You are the best thing about me." That couldn't be true, Eleanor thought. It couldn't be true. Do you guys like it or should I hide my face in shame for this chapter? I know Eleanor and Jim have one heck of a weird friendship (and we're just at the tip of the iceberg). Anyways thank you for reading/following. As always, I love feedback and feel like it's my only way to get better as a writer so if you could please take the time to review I would be eternally grateful! :)
***Very Quick Explanation*** While this story is rated T, it does deal with some very mature themes and issues. I've actually waffled quite a bit on how I've wanted to rate this story and how explicit I've wanted to be with scenes and story arches. I've finally, after a whole lot of waffling, have decided to think of this story as a TV show on primetime cable and not HBO/Netflix. That means that yes, Eleanor and various characters will face some incredibly awful things, especially starting from this chapter forward, and some might not agree with how characters handle those issues. But I've tried to write these passages almost as if they occur off camera so that they are not graphic at least in some crazy, ungodly manner. If there's any confusion please let me know, so I can try to correct it. But I want everybody to know that this story does have sexual encounters and sad things happen in it, because unfortunately most people's adult life sucks at times. Thank you for reading. All of your comments make me happy to be telling Eleanor's story and this is actually one of my favorite chapters. Disclaimer- In addition to not owning Star Trek, there are song lyrics that do not belong to me. They just happen to capture the spirit of one of the characters. Unnamed Stars IV. "Who Hurt Helga" Summer Semester, 2256 Alpha Quadrant U.S.S. Farragut It was with boyish delight that James Kirk could say that the stars were everything he had dreamt about and more. He was naturally suited to a life in space. The match fit him like his favorite leather jacket and was as familiar as all the dive bars he spent so much time in. So it was needless to say that Jim's time spent aboard the U.S.S. Farragut was one of the best things that had ever happened to him. Definitely in his top five, somewhere between entering Starfleet Academy and inheriting a vinyl copy of "On Through the Night" which was signed by Joe Elliot himself. The only reason the vinyl ranked higher than his time spent in space was because it was one of the only relics he had of his father. Admittedly, every time he walked through the saucer of the spaceship any thoughts of the vinyl went by the wayside. The Farragut had become a home. His natural habitat. The ship confined his antics and kept his flirting in check (if that was possible) if only because he spent so much time hands on that he didn't have the usual amount of time to chat up girls and come up with smart ass replies. He was still James Kirk, just a better version of himself, he was starting to realize. It was because he wanted to do well. So he paid attention, was the best cadet onboard and responded to all the praise heaped on him for being so, probably in the same manner that a golden retriever responded to pets. Because hey, he was Jim Kirk after all. "Hey," Jim nodded his head at Rand as he entered his quarters. He was sharing with five others, most of them fresh ensigns from the Academy and one other cadet that was also gaining space time before graduation. He liked all of his roommates and surprisingly there were never any arguments. Nobody had the time to fight, not with the amount of work needed to keep a spaceship in good shape. One of his roommates, Rand, was stuffing his head and shoulders into a blue shirt, looking for a second like a wild chicken before he got situated. "Later Kirk," the guy nodded back at Jim before whipping out of the room, running to get to his shift on time. Jim chuckled at Rand's antics and sighed with sweet relief at the empty room. Most of his mates worked Beta and Gamma but he was damn lucky because he usually worked Alpha. He'd been fortunate to have Pike on his side—he'd been learning that almost everyday since he'd first met the older man. With Pike's help the captain of the Farragut had made sure to take Kirk under his wing, even if it was just to see if this supposedly 'Golden Boy' really was that golden. Kirk made it his intent to prove to the captain that he was. Rolling onto a thin mattress on one of the lower bunks, he toed off his boots and took out his headphones. He'd been planning his free time since that morning, when he'd been able to download the specific song that he'd wanted. Settling down into the mattress he placed the headphones comfortably in his ears before he brought his hands behind his head, creating his own pillow. He pressed play and listened carefully to the song that she had chosen for him. Being good isn't good enough Being good won't be good enough When I fly, I must fly extra high And I'll need special wings so far to go From so far below Should I try? Am I strong enough? Is there time, have I long enough? Gotta fly and if I fall That's the way it's gotta be There's no other way for me Being good just won't be good enough I'll be the best or nothing at all I'll try, am I strong enough? Is there time, have I long enough? Gotta fly and if I fall Then that's the way it's gotta be There's no other way for me Being good just won't be good enough I'll be the best or nothing at all Shit, shit, shit. He'd been roving over the lyrics since he'd gotten them, months ago in the little dive bar he and Bones constantly ended up at since it was just blocks away from campus. The song lyrics only added to the mystery of Eleanor Sayer. She was the wise cracking, tequila drinking, erotica writing cadet that seemed to pop up randomly. They shared no classes and not much in common. She was only on his radar because of her roommates. Was that fair? Eh, it was true. She was pretty, a knockout really, had Bones not from the very start made it clear to Jim that under no circumstances was he allowed to go near the seventeen-year-old. That was valid, even Jim could agree, so while he'd shoot her a flirty smile (he was famous for it, so he was still obligated to throw her one once in a while) he kept his distance. The Academy kept him busy enough anyway, with the remainder of his time spent on more legal pursuits, if you could catch his drift. But then there had been that thing in her room. The thing where she had crept up closely to him, looked at him with unwavering eyes as she all about word fucked him with her logic and intimidating speech. What the hell did either of them know about love? Her argument wasn't totally sound, even he with his lack of love experience knew that, but damn could she fight good. Unnerving. It was the only word that Jim had decided could properly describe Eleanor Sayer. Even now, all the way in space, Jim Kirk was thinking that Eleanor Sayer was unnerving. It was all in the lyrics. Lyrics that have got your number. That's how she had described them and he would be remiss if he didn't admit that in a way, yeah, they did have his number. There was a number of lines that he could start with. Am I strong enough? Hell, if he knew but he was trying. He was trying so damn hard. Maybe even for the first time in his life he was trying and he sure as hell wasn't just going to do well. He was going to be the best. That's what he had promised Pike when he so cockily declared that he would get through the Academy in three years. Like hell he was going to wait eight years to get his own ship. If he could have it his way, he would already have his own. His own special wings, a spaceship to carry him away from Iowa, away from a past of sticky bars and some not so smart encounters with the law. Away from his mom, and that messy relationship. Away from the boy known as James T. Kirk, the shitty twenty-year-old that didn't know what the hell he was doing. He'd get his special wings, his own shiny ship, and it'd take him away from all that. It'd carry him all the way up, until he was Captain James T. Kirk, the legendary figure. He damn well knew that was going to happen if only because he was going to make it happen. He just wondered how Eleanor knew that he spent most of his time doubting himself. The End of July, 2256 Starfleet Academy San Francisco, California, United Earth She should be asleep. She should definitely be asleep. In fact she wanted to be asleep. So why the hell wasn't she asleep? Eleanor rolled over for the fifth time in two minutes. The window let in a small amount of light and she could tell that dawn was on the verge of breaking. She'd slept on and off for three hours but that had to have been three hours ago. On her back, she moved her head to the side, watching Helga's motionless body. Pushing back her blankets she sat up. A pair of tennis shoes were next to her bed and she shrugged them on. She looked around for a bra, though she mentally debated about even putting one on. Despite the summertime, she grabbed a hoodie to throw over her raggedy sleep shirt and in the end did forgo the bra wearing. "What are you doing?" Helga asked from her bed. Her sharp voice made Eleanor look up from her rummaging around. The past couple of months, Helga had forgone her easy going attitude and humor. It was clear to everyone that Helga was going through something, what that something was though, was up for debate. Gaila made comments about a possible bad breakup and Uhura, not wanting to get in an argument with Helga, had kept her mouth shut in the days before she left for her internship on Vulcan despite being on the receiving end of several sharp comments from the other girl. Eleanor had felt those sharp comments a fair number of times, courtesy of her close proximity to Helga. Even now on the bed, Helga looked up at her, looking at Eleanor with anger though she hadn't done a single thing towards her as far as she was aware. Eleanor suddenly had enough of it. "Get up," she demanded. Helga's brow furrowed even more at the order. "Come on." Eleanor even tugged the sheet off of her. "I'm serious." And she was. She made Helga get out of bed, forcing her to put on a pair of sneakers. "Where the hell are we going?" Helga asked, tying her laces. "I don't know," Eleanor replied honestly. "But anywhere is better than here." She would have sworn that a statement like that, after Eleanor had forced her to get out of bed before five in the morning, would have made Helga respond angrily. Only it didn't, because she could agree too easily with the sentiment. Helga followed Eleanor out of their room, tugging on a sweatshirt as they left the dorm. It was completely empty on campus, creating a type of quiet eerie that was suddenly endearing because for once the campus atmosphere was calm instead of stressful. Their sneakers tapped against the concrete steps that led down from the dormitory. Wordlessly they moved, waving goodbye to one of the campus guards before leaving the perimeter. Eleanor led them to the park that she normally took her morning jogs in. She took a different foot path though, one that was normally more crowded due to the scenic views of the city below that the hilltop provided. Being so early they had the hill all to themselves. She sat down on a bench. It was meant to look like it was built out of wood, but the days of park benches being made out of that material were long gone. Helga sat down beside her. They didn't speak. Not for a long time. They just sat in the early morning fog, watching the sleeping city, the sun not even ready or willing to illuminate the day. "Why are we here?" Helga finally asked. "Why have you been such a bitch lately?" Eleanor said, her voice plain and weary. Helga deflated further. Her shoulders dropped, her jaw slackened and she all but gave up. "I have been, haven't I?" she said quietly. Her soft tone of voice made Eleanor made her look over, not hearing her roommate speak so gently in a long time. "Are you okay?" she asked. "Are you?" Helga asked back, a puff of laughter hanging from the words. "I've seen you these past months too. Staring at walls, crying in the bathroom. You've missed half of your classes this semester, and I know you can't afford to." Eleanor scanned the skyline. Everything Helga said was true, she just hadn't realized how obvious she had been. "My mom's dying." The words scattered in the wind, the breeze softly nipping at their skin. Eleanor could feel Helga's eyes on her, as she absorbed the sudden shock that hit her. "She's known a long time too," Eleanor said when she realized that Helga wasn't rushing to say anything. It felt good to say the words. Up until then she hadn't talked about any of it. She hadn't even told Drew, though if Helga had figured out that something was bothering her, than he had to have known something was off too. "She didn't want to tell me though," she continued. "Said that she didn't want to bother me while I was at school." Her chin wobbled. "So now I'm here," her voice cracked. "At the Academy, like I'm actually smart enough to be here." Helga cocked her head at the other woman. "I know you all think I'm stupid." Helga didn't respond. There might have been a few times one of the cadets mentioned something about Eleanor's low GPA, but she didn't feel particularly inclined to mention that truth. "If there's anybody stupid around here, it's me." Eleanor finally turned to look at the other woman. Helga kept her eyes trained on the skyline, her face paler than normal. Her chest breathed in and out, as she bit her lip. "Did somebody hurt you?" Eleanor asked, thinking about Gaila's suspicion of a breakup. "Yeah," she breathed. Eleanor blinked at her. "Tell me." "I can't," she whispered. Eleanor's heart began to hammer. She watched Helga, studying her slow movements, her blank face, the pain that seemed to just slightly bubble up behind her eyes. Eleanor suddenly realized that this wasn't just about heartbreak. This was something else entirely. This was something evil, evil in a way that made Eleanor hope that she was just thinking dramatically and that the scary pin prickles of fear were for nothing. But when Helga turned to look at her, when Eleanor looked into Helga's eyes—the large dark orbs that were trying to desperately keep the emotion back, Eleanor knew that the fear there was real. Somebody had violently hurt Helga. Not just emotionally, but physically. August, 2256 At first she didn't think there was going to be a funeral. Eleanor got the call at 10:47 on a Wednesday morning, just as she was headed out of her last lecture of the day on the east side of campus. Her neighbor, Sue—a woman who she had always thought was maybe just a little bit mean, was the one that broke the news to her. She was still at the hospital, where her mother had passed away just an hour before making the call. There was a lot of ways Eleanor could describe herself at that particular moment. How the tall buildings and bright California sunlight suddenly became fuzzy. How she was suddenly very aware of her breathing, forcing herself to expand and fill with air. The only real thing Eleanor could say about herself though was that she felt fucking numb. Funerals were expensive. That's why Eleanor originally thought that there wouldn't be one, but all of their neighbors had rallied around raising enough credits to get the simplest funeral plans. It was a funeral none the less. Well, at least a graveside burial. Sue placed a glass bottle of green apple cider, Sue's favorite alcoholic beverage, on the wooden step right by Eleanor's feet. She kept her own bottle in her hand as she sat side by side with the young girl on the steps leading up to her childhood home. The wind blew softly, a surprising feat during the Texas summertime. There was a large amount of trees scattered throughout the neighborhood of tiny houses, which was the only thing comforting them from the scorching sun. Eleanor wasn't aware of the temperature though. Numb people didn't care if they were boiling to death in the heat. "You know I thought your mom was an idiot the first time I met her." Eleanor closed her eyes at Sue's remark. She kept going though. She pointed behind her to the tiny little thing of a home. It needed a new roof and the lawn out front was always shit looking. There were two rooms and one bathroom and it sat on a street of similar income households. The type of blue collar households that just managed to pay the bills on time. The fridge in the kitchen had always made a funny sound, and the one time they'd decided to repaint the interior of the house halfway through they decided they didn't like the color. So five years later, half of the house was painted this grayish blue and the rest was cream colored. It was the only home she'd ever had. "She was this little thing," Sue said. "Blonde and bright eyed, despite being seven months knocked up. Randal gave her a deal on this place, so she took it. And she was proud to be able to pay every bill she had. She was so proud when she got to move in here." Sue jerked a thumb again at the house behind them before taking a long gulp of cider. "She was a good mother," Sue told Eleanor, her words were meant to be kind but Sue had always had such a rough sounding voice. "Always provided for you, no matter how many of those snotty nosed townspeople looked down at her for the way she made her money." Eleanor shut her eyes tight again. Her mother had taught her to love music. To relish good lyrics and to admire the artistry of songstresses. Her mother would put on music and they would dance around, jumping up and down laughing as they shook to the beat. She was eight before she understood that not all the dancing her mother did, was the type of dancing that others would admire. It provided a living for her and her daughter though. There were times when Eleanor would feel such shame, when she began to understand the pointed and snide comments her classmates would make at her. It was easy to make fun of the exotic dancer's daughter—she made for an easy target. Now, Eleanor understood better. She understood how hard it was to be an adult. She would never let herself feel shame for her mother's sacrifices. Eleanor opened her eyes. October, 2256 Starfleet Academy—Fall Semester Eleanor would have liked to have said that things got better. Feeling lost is a funny feeling though. The numbness of losing her mother clung to Eleanor, holding her down and keeping her in the fog. She didn't know what to do. Writing didn't bring her comfort. Drew Porter was all too nice to her during their gym sessions and her grades were taking a dive downwards again. It wasn't just her that was suffering though. The same fog that hung around her seemed to cloak everyone. There was this essence of discord among all the cadets, a tired heavy feeling as everybody was bogged down by the great Starfleet Academy once the Fall semester began. Eleanor turned her head to look at Helga's empty bed. She had been gone for three days. Eleanor hadn't even seen her since she'd come back from Texas and the funeral. She had tried to ask Gaila where she had gone and when she had left, but Gaila didn't know. Eleanor had furrowed her brow at Gaila's innocence when Eleanor had realized that she was just that—innocent. Gaila didn't know what Eleanor knew, that somebody had brutally hurt Helga. Eleanor stared at the empty bed. Who hurt you, Helga? She sat up, her eyes unblinking at the bed. She barely recognized that she was pushing the blankets back and standing up. She stood over the other bed, the words running and running through her head—who hurt you, Helga? Eleanor might not have been able to help herself, but she was damn well going to figure out a way to avenge Helga. "Have you seen Helga?" she asked Gaila the next morning. They were in the Cadet Mess Hall. Gaila lowered the cup of coffee that had been at her lips. Her hair was looking particularly fiery, but even she had noticeable bags under her eyes. "No," she told her again. "Hey, did you hear that Uhura's staying on at Vulcan. She decided to study abroad this semester. She sent me this message bragging about all the other planets she was going to get to visit because apparently the Vulcan Academy has this kick ass linguistics program that does all kinds of immersion classes." "Have you heard from Helga?" Eleanor cut in. Gaila dropped her cup of coffee to the table. "Uh," she shrugged her shoulders. "No." Eleanor picked up her PADD and stood up to leave. "Hey, don't you have class today?" Gaila called after her. Classes were back in full swing, but Eleanor had on jeans and a leather jacket. "No," she lied. "Eleanor, seriously," she warned as the girl walked away. "You cannot afford to miss classes," Gaila was now speaking to herself. "Not when I know you already suck at school," she sighed. Then she perked back up. She had an entire room to herself for the rest of the semester. Meaning no Uhura complaining about all the guys she planned to bring back to the dorm. "Will you hold that?" Eleanor called out to another cadet as they left the dorm building. The man stopped the door from shutting. "Thanks." Eleanor ran up the stairs, heading up to Porter's room. She knocked three times, hopping from foot to foot as she waited. The door slid open and Drew stood in the doorway, a steaming cup of coffee in his hands. "Hey," he nodded. "What's up with you?" "I need you to hack into something for me." "Once," Drew began to shake his head. "Just once I'd like for you to come running to my room because you want to hang out. Have a pizza, watch that new movie, shoot the breeze. You know, nothing diabolical or anything." "Endearing," Eleanor said as she turned to look at him. "You are being cute and endearing, but I need your help." Sighing, he set the cup of coffee down and nodded to his laptop. "Alright, what am I hacking and why?" "I want to look at my roommate's Starfleet file." "Any particular reason?" "Yes." "Any particular reason I get to know about?" She stared at him. He raised his brows and she caved in. "I'm pretty sure my roommate was raped or attacked or something equally bad." "And this is the part where I tell you to notify the police." "She doesn't want that," Eleanor said. "I could barely get her to let me know that something was wrong." "So your plan is to go vigilante?" Drew questioned. "Because there is a long line of comic books and superhero movies that I could reference as reasons not to do that." "Well what should I do?" Eleanor asked. She swiped some hair out of her eyes and leaned forward angrily. Drew didn't respond soon enough. "I want to help her," Eleanor told him, her eyes serious as she stated the truth. "I can help her," she promised. The promise was meant for both herself and Helga. Drew sighed. He clicked a few buttons on his laptop and a report was pulled up. "I don't suppose you could send that to me?" Drew clicked another button and her PADD pinged with a new message. She kissed him on the forehead, standing up and grabbing her PADD. "I love you," she said over her shoulder while opening the door. "You only love me for my looks," Drew joked back. She paused, this time looking over her shoulder. "Do you have a problem with that, Drew?" He grinned and she scurried off. Eleanor walked quickly through campus. She knew exactly where she was going, despite maybe not knowing exactly what she was doing. There was a tentative plan that she was starting to put into place, but she had no clue or gave any real thought to whether that plan was very good or even able to get her very far. Basically, Eleanor Sayer was flying by the seat of her pants and she knew it. She entered the building where the student union was located and scanned a map quickly before going up a floor via the stairs. It was easy enough to find where the student services was situated. "Hi," Eleanor greeted the cadet working at the front desk. "I'm a journalist and I was wondering if I could speak to someone about campus crime, specifically any reports of rape." The worker's mouth hung open as she stared up at Eleanor. Eleanor's plastic smile remained as she wondered why she had felt such a need to lie. She hadn't thought it would be likely that they'd give any information to some random cadet, not when she was asking for any reports of sexual abuse. Eleanor pointed around the room. "This is where," she began to ask. "People can come for help right?" "Um," the young woman stood up. "Yeah, technically it is. Let me just go grab somebody who you could talk to." "Thank you so much." Eleanor's smile became genuine for just a second. Five minutes later another woman appeared by the front desk. "Hi, I'm Natalie," she introduced herself. She motioned for Eleanor to follow her to her office. "What's your name?" "Britney Spears," Eleanor lied. "And you're a journalist," Natalie questioned. She sat behind her desk and waved towards a chair for Eleanor to sit at. "Yeah." "For what newspaper?" Eleanor thought quickly. "I'm actually a freelance writer." She was quick to add on. "But I have had a few of my pieces in the San Francisco Rush." Natalie bobbed her head up and down, not properly taking the time to digest anything Eleanor was saying—which for Eleanor was a good thing. "And you had questions about crimes on campus?" Natalie furrowed her brow. "Just a few," began Eleanor. "Mainly I was wondering about how many crimes of sexual abuse where reported this past Academic year or even quarter." Natalie looked troubled at Eleanor's line of questioning, but she answered. "We can't really give out a lot of details, as you might be able to understand." "No, of course," Eleanor waved her hands around in mock surrender. "I'm just in the process of writing a piece on how campus crime has actually gone down in the past century alone. I've already spoken to a few people at UCSF and San Francisco State, but I just thought that also looking at Starfleet Academy would add such a great depth to the piece." The lies seemed to appease Natalie, either because Eleanor had mentioned the crime rate going down or because other campuses had also commented on the matter. "Well, any crimes are reported to Campus Police, which is a branch of Starfleet Security, where a report would be filed. You can quote me on saying that Starfleet Academy actively works towards building a diverse and safe community. I've been working in Student Services the past five years and I can say that no crimes of a violent or sexual nature have been reported." "But that's not to say that they haven't happened," Eleanor pressed and Natalie's face drew tight. "No, you're right," she admitted. "But it's our mission that all cadets work towards their goals in a safe environment." "Do you have any support groups or counseling services?" "Yes," Natalie said. "The union provides a range of support groups, most of which are aimed at dealing with anxiety and stress. And every student is allowed up to 3 free counseling sessions per semester. It is up to the cadet on whether they make use of those counseling services though." "That's very interesting," Eleanor nodded. She picked at her PADD. "Thank you for your time." "Of course." Natalie gave a small wave as she watched Eleanor slip through the door. That had been odd, she thought to herself. And she never did get a copy of Britney Spear's article. Eleanor had doubted that Helga would have filed a report, but at least it was now confirmed. She would look into the support groups. Because of the wide spread use of Student IDs, if Helga had gone to see a counselor she would have signed in with it. She sent Drew a message, asking him to check to see if Helga had used any of the counseling services. An hour later, once he was out of his lecture, he responded that she hadn't but her ID frequently signed into the student union on Tuesday and Thursday nights. That tidbit helped Eleanor hone in on a good starting spot. The student union hosted a plethora of activities, which could be narrowed down when only looking at events held on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Eleanor swiped through her PADD ruling out the few seminars held by guest speakers. She rolled down a list of all the various club meetings on those nights: Astrology, Baking, Botany, Medical Association, Plant Life, Xenolinguistics. Eleanor cross-referenced the clubs with Helga's course schedule. "Botany," Eleanor said out loud. "Plant Life?" Helga had taken Botany the previous semester and from the looks of things her science courses were geared towards plant science. Eleanor hadn't even realized Helga's specialization. She remembered Helga saying once that she wanted to be an Ambassador, like her grandfather had been, but that would be a long way off if it were to ever materialize. You'd be surprised at how many times my grandfather was given a plant in token of appreciation. Eleanor could hear Helga's words clear as day and it suddenly made sense. Pulling up the class schedule, Eleanor noted that if Helga was on campus now she would be getting out of an Advanced Botany seminar. She practically ran to the other side of campus. She made it there two minutes before the class got out. Helga never left the classroom, meaning she hadn't been there. She really wasn't on campus anymore. Who the hell hurt you, Helga? "I'm sorry, but I couldn't help but notice that you've been coming to Botany Club the past few weeks." Eleanor looked up, untangling a strand of brown hair that was stuck to her mouth. "Oh, hi." She looked up at the man that had come up beside her. She was struck by how broad shouldered he was, blocking the rest of the room from view. His face was leaned in close, allowing her to see a faint scar on his lower left cheek. He smiled kindly at her and she smiled back. They were milling around outside a larger lecture hall in the student building, right in front of a long table that was filled with snacks and refreshment. It was a Thursday evening and normally there was a Plant Life meeting, but a well esteemed botanist had guest lectured that night, so the meeting had been cancelled in lieu of attending it. The past three weeks Eleanor had attended meetings for both the Botany and Plant Life Clubs. Was anything really to learn from those meetings? Eleanor knew that she was becoming ridiculous, but it had been close to a month since Helga had been seen. She had tried messaging and calling her roommate, but it was to no avail. She would not let the case become hopeless, so with desperation she attended the meetings. "I am Professor Horace Rosz." He offered her a hand to shake as she took in his salt and pepper hair and his round face. He wore a tweed jacket and she couldn't help but think that he certainly looked like a professor. "Eleanor Sayer," she introduced herself. "And are you a botanist?" "Not really," she replied honestly. "I'm only coming because my friend recommended joining the club." "Ah," he shook his head excitedly. "May I ask who?" "Helga Minn-Schuster." Recognition flashed in his eyes. He nodded at the name, smiling, but his face steeled just the tiniest bit. "Yes, Ms. Minn-Schuster. She did very well in my Plant Morphology course. I have not seen her for some time though. Have you?" Eleanor thought about lying, but shook her head. "No, I've not seen her around campus." "Shame," he said. He stabbed a cube of cheese and took a bite. "She was a promising student." Winter Break, 2256 Her knuckles rapped against the door, three short knocks and then her hand slid down to land by her thigh. The hallway was dim and mostly empty because finals were over and done, making people rush to enjoy the holiday break. Drew answered the door and leaned back slightly, an easy grin on his face when he realized who it was. She looked up at him, green eyes serious and wide. "Do you want to have a pizza, watch that new movie, shoot the breeze? You know, nothing diabolical or anything." He moved back, allowing her in, his smile softening as he took her in. She was in jeans and a tee, her recently dyed blonde hair up into a bun. "Make yourself at home," he instructed. "Your roommate left already?" "Yeah, this morning." Drew flitted around the room, moving a basket of laundry away from the bed and picking up an old cup of coffee and moving it out of sight. He smoothed out his bedspread and waved a hand at the bed, offering her a place to sit. Drew was casual in a pair of sweats and an old ratty shirt. Even in his old and worn clothes his beauty seeped through and for just a moment Eleanor felt a little bit warmer. He laid down on the bed while she sat up against the wall. He stared up at her, his grey eyes studying her carefully, his brow creasing. "What's going on?" he asked gently. Eleanor was broken away from her thoughts as it was like she was just realizing again that she was sitting in his dorm room. She smoothed her hair down, sighed wearily and tried to smile. "I think I've gone through the wringer and back." "Final exams will do that to a person." "Yeah," she said softly, nodding in agreement and Drew knew that wasn't the real issue. He continued to watch her closely, offering to start a movie or go out and get food. She declined both, eventually just lying down on the bed, her head against his chest as he continued to lay on his back. His arm wrapped around her and gently stroked her hair. They were both quiet until Eleanor began to speak, her eyes wide and unblinking as she looked at the far wall, her voice not quite monotone, but certainly sullied. "I did something bad." He continued to stoke her back, patiently waiting to understand why she was acting in such an odd manner. "You were right," her voice was barely a whisper. "I shouldn't have gone vigilante." His movements paused, concern coursing through his veins as he waited at a standstill to understand. "Helga was raped by a professor." Drew sat up, disrupting their peaceful position and Eleanor leaned back on her knees meeting Drew's eyes. "Why do you think that?" he asked quickly. "Because," she began but then paused. "Well, it's a long and drawn out story, but basically…I…I." "Eleanor did something happen?" Drew asked, his voice firm but not uncaring. She looked so lost for a second. "I kept going to her botany and plant life clubs and he'd always be there, this professor and he knew Helga because she had class with him. I tried to get closer, because I needed to know who hurt her." "And you've been working on it all semester," Drew said, breathing deeply. "You've spent all your spare time and efforts into this. Eleanor, this isn't healthy." She grounded her teeth. "Yeah, I know that, I get it alright. I get that I'm just doing this because I don't want to deal with my own pain, my mother's death, blah, blah, blah." "Eleanor, just take a breather," Drew begged. "Maybe talk to somebody else." "He locked the door, " Eleanor cut him off, her voice on edge. Drew grew still, waiting for her to go on, though he wasn't sure if even wanted to know what she was going to say next. "He locked his office door and he asked me if I knew about fellatio," she said and he didn't understand. "What?" Drew asked, his eyes wide and worried, then narrowing in confusion. "Fellatio?" "A blowjob," Eleanor said. She didn't look at him, her eyes were trained on his bedspread. She shrugged in embarrassment, her voice coming out weak. "I didn't know it could be called that either." Drew began to shake his head. "Eleanor," he whispered. "I," Eleanor's face was burning. "I…" she started to sound hysterical. He grabbed her arm, his hand sliding into hers and squeezing tight. "The only thing you did wrong," Drew said firmly, his voice strong and clear. "Was care too much. Now we've got to report this." Her sea green eyes were shiny and wet, unsure and scared. She wanted to thank him for always being so nice to her, but she felt so stupid. So stupid and so weak. She felt like a whore. "We'll tell somebody about this," Drew insisted. She shook her head. "What's the point? I was the one trying to catch him in a trap. I don't have anything documented, I was going to record him the next time I was alone with him in case he asked me again, but he's left on sabbatical for next semester so I literally have nothing. My plan from the start was a disaster and it went up in flames, taking me down with it. I just wanted to know who hurt Helga and make them own up to it." Drew ran a hand down her shoulder, pulling her close into a tight hug. "Eleanor Sayer, you would die for another if it meant their happiness." She closed her eyes. "You don't think differently of me do you? Because I feel like a whore. I feel like a whore as he just…stroked my hair while I…," She cut off suddenly. She felt Drew's chest rise and fall in short angry breaths. She knew that victims were supposed to talk about things like this. Shed light on dark things like this, so that it didn't happen to others. But she couldn't talk about it. She had to put it in a box, and forget about it. She couldn't be that girl that got raped by a professor. They'd think she'd tried to sleep with Professor Rosz because her grades always sucked. She decided then that she would never tell Drew exactly what happened and that she would never tell anybody else what had happened—that Professor Horace Rosz had raped her. Thank you for reading. I know this bottom part is kind of heavy and I certainly hope that anybody who is going through a hardship has somebody like Drew to help you through it. And don't ever be ashamed to talk about your trauma. It's what sheds light on the issues at hand. Please let me know if you're liking it. Your feedback is what helps me strengthen my writing!
Disclaimed: Star Trek or any music lyrics are not my own, but politely borrowed. Also, there is some mild adult content towards the end. Spot the small Chekov cameo ;) Unnamed Stars V January, 2257 Starfleet Academy—Spring Semester The library was exactly as he had left it. It was perfect and special and he still only liked to spend time there at odd hours. James Kirk was not alone in that regard. He passed through the shelves, the lighting dim to conserve energy at that time of night, and came out at the end of a row of shelves to find her laying there—slouched back, hair haloing around her, and a textbook on her chest as she breathed deeply. Jim smiled at the sight, amused to see Eleanor in such a manner. He reached out to softly try to wake her when her eyes sprang open and a garbled word tumbled from her mouth as she jolted awake. His shoulders fell up and down in silent laughter. She took a couple of deep breaths, pushing her hair off her face and looked around the dark library. The chair that she had fallen asleep in was one of those fancy lounge chairs that were mainly only on the fifth floor. She looked too small in it's large comfy frame. It was in a corner meant for silent and comfortable study, and there was a large window spanning the wall it was nearest to and she briefly looked out at the dark campus, only a few lights illuminating the dark. She brought her gaze back to him, noting that his eyes looked like an even darker shade of blue than normal and they appeared merry from finding her asleep in the library. "You're back," Eleanor said simply. "When did you get here?" Jim shrugged. "I went back to Iowa for the holidays. I got back just in time for my first class of the semester." "Oh," was all she said as she sighed deeply. She picked at her red cadet uniform and stood up, taking the textbook along with her. She went to go put it back and he followed behind. "I like the blonde," he said, referring to her hair which was normally a light brown. "Any particular reason for the change?" She looked down at the strands on her shoulders. "It reminds me of someone." She didn't elaborate on her reason for going bottle blonde. She placed the reference book where it belonged and then went looking for something else. "So was it everything you dreamed of and more?" she turned around and could instantly see from his face that it had been. She had never seen him smile so happily and her heart gave a little tug. She didn't think she'd ever be that happy. Because you are weak and a whore. The abuse she threw her way was becoming more and more common. She could now understand the acute pain that Helga had experienced. As it was, Helga was gone, no longer a Starfleet Cadet. It was sick. It was wrong. Of everybody, and everybody knew it, it should have been Eleanor who had packed up her bags and left the Academy. They'd all been wondering how she had managed to hang on for so long anyway. But fate was sick and wrong so Helga had left, now god knows where, and Eleanor was still around, fighting to keep from failing another class because if she did she really would be out. Quite possible she should have just left on her own accord, but things were not that simple because her mother was dead, her dying wish that Eleanor graduate and prove herself as an officer of Starfleet. So out of obligation, and really having no other backup plan and just a high school diploma, she stayed. "Eleanor." His voice made her stop walking down the rows of books and turn to look up at him. She dimly wondered why she was suddenly so enthralled with his dark blue eyes. They'd always been pretty, she said to herself, and it's been a while since you've seen something so pretty. "Do you want to go get some pizza?" he asked. "Harland's?" It only took a moment for her to think about it. "The Special and a pitcher of beer to split?" His smile was warm. "That's a good order." They grabbed their stuff; Jim had only come to work at one of the computer bays so he travelled light with just a black data chip in his jean pocket. Eleanor slung one strap of her backpack over her shoulder, tied her hair back and followed him into a lift and out of the library. She enjoyed the nighttime breeze that blew across her face, it made her feel less groggy after her impromptu catnap. She pulled the red coat closer to her shoulder as she adjusted her backpack. They stayed silent as they snuck off campus and then they found themselves walking in a comfortable silence. Eleanor had spent a lot of time by herself, since the events of the previous semester. She spent most nights in Drew Porter's dorm—his roommate spending most of his nights at his girlfriends. She had a new roommate in her own dorm, a Caitian named Cleo, who had benefitted from a new room assignment after another dormitory had flooded during a freak flash flood over the holiday break. It wasn't that they didn't get along, it was that Eleanor really didn't give a damn about getting to know anybody else. The last time she had tried to care for somebody it had come back to haunt her. Walking in a comfortable silence with Jim Kirk was nice though. A morning mist was beginning to rise even though it was still dark as night, softly floating in the air as they rounded a corner. They were only a block away. Briefly, she turned her head, just slightly, to try to look at him a little. He looked forward as he walked, his hands in his front pockets, the corners of his mouth just barely upturned portraying that he was happy to be back on the familiar streets of San Francisco. He looked good. He looked happy, she noted again and she wasn't sure how she felt about that. Of course, she could never fault another person for being happy, for having found happiness. But it was a funny feeling when you watched the world and saw so many happy people around you when you felt like you were alone in a hole that just kept sinking further. "Jim!" the man from behind the cash register waved at Kirk when they entered the pizza establishment. He waved back, celebrating his triumphant return from space and then motioned at Eleanor to pick a table. She chose the same one as before, with it's red and white checkered tablecloth, that was up against the window. "Hey, could we get the special?" Jim yelled at the counter, his tone friendly despite the demand. The owner just laughed and gave him a thumbs up. A few minutes later he also delivered a pitcher of beer. He punched Jim's arm. "Ah," he teasingly harassed. "I told you to keep this one. Glad to see you did." Jim waved him off and Eleanor smiled shyly. A red blinking sign that was up against the wall kept drawing her attention as they settled back into a comfortable silence. This time it was different, they didn't have the task of walking to distract them and they sat right across from each other. "So did you end up using all those great chat up lines during shore leave?" Eleanor said out of a lack of not really knowing what else to say to Jim Kirk. "I read your book," he said instead of answering. Her eyes widened a smidge and for a moment they both hesitated. She began tentatively, "Did you like it?" His blue eyes were serious. "It was good." "You don't have to lie." "I'm not lying," he quickly defended. "I don't know if I believe you." "I'm an arrogant bastard," he freely proclaimed. "But I'm not a liar." Her breath quickened slightly, a hint of laughter in her throat. That wasn't just her writing that she had shared, it was her mind. "You write really well." "Thanks," she stuttered. "I took that creative writing course, but it's not really, well I feel like I only know how to write because I grew up reading so much." He nodded at that but stayed silent prompting her to ask. "What about you? What did you like to do as a child?" "Mostly wreck cars," he deadpanned and she wasn't sure if he was being serious. "No, uh, I read a lot too. My mom made sure of that." A beat went by and she wasn't sure where she got the courage. "Your mom…are you guys close?" He shrugged. "We're your typical messed up Midwestern family." Their pizza was placed down on the table and there was a shuffling of plates and napkins and then they were each grabbing at the food and the conversation moved to something lighter. When the pizza was demolished they took a moment to breathe, fat and happy, before Jim scooted out of the booth to go pay. "Why do you do that?" she questioned. "What?" "Pay for stuff," she explained. "You're a cadet. I mean we both are. We should both be broke, and I know I certainly am. Letting you pay for a beer is okay, but a whole meal is a bit much. I can help." Jim shook his head. "I can pay." She cocked her head at him and he moved back into the booth so he could speak to her. "I like paying for people." At her confused silence he surprisingly stated more. "I like being able to show people that I can take care of them." "And you do that by money?" she asked. She thought only rich people did that. "I do it by providing for people." Something clicked, the puzzle of Jim Kirk becoming more put together. It wasn't about the money, it was about him feeling like he was able to do something for others, be important to somebody else and he was doing that in one of the only ways he knew how—treating them to something, nothing too extravagant, but nice enough that he was able to say he cared. Without actually having to say the words. "Let me split the bill," she tried again. "No," he said simply and went to go pay the bill. He waved goodbye to the owner and the regular patrons (the pizza joint could draw an unusually large crowd for that time of night) and then they headed back to campus. They knew exactly how to sneak back in, curfew be damned, and were quickly outside their dorm. "Hey," Jim said suddenly. They were in the stairwell on his floor. His voice made her stop walking up the remaining flight, back to her floor. "The song." "The song," she repeated. The lyrics flashed through his mind again. Being good just won't be good enough, I'll be the best or nothing at all. "Am I really that transparent?" Her sea green eyes were iridescent in the darkly lit stairwell. "If you're transparent, than what the hell am I? All of the craziness that the Academy had rained down on Eleanor, began to rise in her chest, overwhelming fear dragging at her. She didn't feel like she was strong enough, she felt like a drowning person who continued to feel the waves beating their body as they slowly slipped away. And there were so many secrets, so much craziness. From Pike's conversation suggesting she seek other opportunities to blackmailing Drew into helping her, her mother's death, Helga, Professor Rosz… She hoped Kirk didn't understand the double meaning behind her words. She hoped he couldn't read her as well as she could read him. His blue eyes flashed at her before he ducked his head. "Night, Sayer." "Night, Kirk." January, 2257 Starfleet Academy—Spring Semester The sun felt nice against Eleanor's skin as she walked out of the building where her last lecture had been held. Students were soaking up the sun as the season warmed into Spring, with groups of cadets taking a study breaks out on the various lawns. Pushing her blonde locks off her face and into a ponytail she jumped in surprise at the feeling of somebody by her shoulder. "Cadet Sayer?" the woman asked. She was a non-commissioned officer, probably pushing paperwork and other random, essential tasks. Her face was blank as she waited patiently for Eleanor to respond, who eventually confirmed her identity by nodding. The woman handed her a PADD, a Starfleet order on the screen. "It's been requested that you come down to HQ." "What?" the word popped from Eleanor's mouth, genuine surprise and confusion all tied up in that one word. "Is something wrong?" she couldn't help but ask. The woman smiled, taking pity on the cadet. "Not that I know of." Her tone was friendly as she spoke. "And if you notice, the orders are not for any disciplinary action. The meeting was scheduled at the very last minute, in just half an hour, hence why I was sent to ensure that you were aware of it." Eleanor numbly stood in front of the woman, not having a clue how to proceed or even what to think. "….Okay?" The woman smiled again and with a curt nod of her head she backed away leaving Eleanor with the PADD in her hands. She bent her head down as she began to swiftly read the message. All information was at a minimum. It simply stated for her to report to Headquarters, fortieth floor at 13:00. That was thirty minutes away and while it was a relatively quick walk from the Academy campus to HQ, she would have to head straight there in her red cadet uniform, not even able to freshen up or figure out what the hell was going on. There was a slight fear that the request came because somebody had found out about Professor Rosz but she pushed it away and forced herself to keep a blank face on and remain calm. It was a long elevator ride, a mixture of people stepping on and off. She was the only one to remain in the lift when it hit the fortieth floor, one of the highest floors in the building. "Um," she began, approaching the front desk. The floor was just as sleek and bright as all the other ones, but it appeared more calm, probably from a lack of foot traffic on the higher levels. "Eleanor Sayer, reporting for a 13:00 appointment." She wasn't even sure who that meeting would be with, but the receptionist, an elder employee with grey hair in a knot, simply nodded. She typed something into the computer in front of her and then looked up at Eleanor. "Hello," she said simply. She was soft spoken, but her eyes were sharp as she eyed Eleanor. "Please take a seat Ms. Sayer. It will be just a moment." There was a small waiting area and Eleanor smoothed out her skirt before sitting down. There was a chronometer above the elevator which she continually flicked her eyes over to. Thirty minutes went by and the nervousness had started to subside just because she'd been sitting so long. After an hour she had politely walked up to the receptionist and tried to see what was going on. She was asked to just wait. An hour and a half later, Eleanor was officially ticked off. She had an exam she could have been studying for and two essay deadlines the following week that she could have been working on. It wasn't like she could just walk away, which just made her disgruntled about being so low on the food chain that her time was worth nothing. She was at HQ and was a cadet at their disposal, meaning she had to wait patiently lest she face the consequences for missing the appointment. She did wonder if she could go back and try to talk to the receptionist. The woman didn't seem to be bothered at all that there was a cadet who was just wasting away in the lobby. In fact, when Eleanor had gently reminded her that she'd been waiting for an hour, it was almost like the woman thought that was a perfectly normal thing that happened all the time. And if that was the case, Eleanor was really not looking forward to how much longer she was going to have to wait. Occasionally, she would hear doors open and close and people would pass through, knowing exactly where they needed to be. Other than that, there were no other visitors besides Eleanor. She learned that the receptionist's name was Helena, and a lot of the officers and workers on this floor seemed to like her. Sinking down lower into her seat, she absentmindedly twisted a strand of hair until it hurt her scalp. She heard footsteps and then for the first time in almost two hours she saw somebody who wasn't in a uniform. The man rounded the corner and passed by Helena's desk, offering her a small smile. The woman bobbed her head back in a silent greeting. The man was tall, with light brown hair, a brown leather jacket across his shoulders and recently polished shoes on his feet. He ran a hand through his hair and Eleanor finally looked up when she realized how close he was. "Sayer, right?" the man questioned. She nodded and quickly sat up straighter. The man stopped right in front of her, but only for a moment. He looked around the quiet reception area and then frankly said: "This place is awful, let's get out of here." "Uh," Eleanor stood up, looking back at Helena who was busy on the computer. "I have a, um." "Yeah, I know," the man said. He was already to the elevator's pressing a button. Then he decided he didn't want to wait for the damn thing so he took a left and headed down a narrow corridor so he could access the main stairwell. Eleanor was scurrying after him, her hair a mess from playing with it so much in her boredom and her skirt wrinkled from sitting so long. She held her black book bag in one hand and rushed after him, trying her best to keep pace with him. He was a force to be reckoned with, his movements quick and sharp. He knew exactly where he was going and what he was doing. What bothered Eleanor was she still didn't know why the hell her time had been wasted. "Excuse me," she tried to say. She was running down forty flights of stairs, her breath short from the movement, and trying to understand what was going on. "Am I supposed to be meeting with you? Were you the one that order me down to Headquarters?" "Yeah," he said adding nothing else. They were barely a quarter down the amount of stairs they needed to be. She was running down them to make sure he stayed in her sight and she was desperately hoping she wouldn't have a heart attack from all the sudden cardio. She had to stop momentarily, out of breath from trying to chase after him. They were silent and when they were finally on the ground floor he opened the door and was in the main lobby. She followed him across the large foyer and then they were standing out in the sun. It was mid-afternoon now and as always HQ was busy, a hive of people moving in, out, and around the grounds. "What exactly are we doing?" Eleanor finally asked, a good five minutes later when her breathing had evened out again, as they walked down the sidewalk of one of San Francisco's busier streets. "Do you like coffee?" he asked over his shoulder. She surged forward so that they were lined up evenly, deftly dodging a Lieutenant running in the opposite direction. "Of course I like coffee. I'm a cadet, I live off coffee." He smiled slightly, just one corner of his mouth hitched up. He rounded a corner and then crossed a street, not even waiting for the little green man that normally tells pedestrians when to cross. They zig zagged through the street until they were safely on the other side and right outside a tiny little café, tucked in between a larger convenience store and a dry cleaners. "Coffee," he said, showcasing the storefront. Then he quickly walked through the open door and stood in line to order a cup of coffee. "I'm sorry," Eleanor said to herself as he was already inside. "But what the hell." She stepped into the coffee shop and stood next to him in line. "Oh, hello," a young barista said, her voice soft and polite, and who clearly knew the man. "Your usual?" "Make it two please," he requested and then tapped his chip card against the reader, paying for both beverages. They pulled away from the counter slightly, waiting for the barista to make the cups of coffee. When they were placed on the counter, he picked them both up and handed her a cup of coffee. Then he went back outside and sat down at a small circular table. Tentatively, she sat down across from him, placing her cup of coffee in front of her and studying the man. He had grey eyes that would have been breathtaking had she not been so fed up. He leaned back in his chair, not bothered by any of the earlier events and clothing wise he was the stark opposite of her—one in civilian clothes, the other in the obnoxious cadet uniform. He was tall even when he was sitting and his shoulders were broad and under his jacket sleeves she could only imagine defined muscles. "It's nice to meet you in person," he said, and Eleanor debated about whether or not he was a stalker but then he explained. "I can honestly say I'd never been blackmailed before until Julianne Abrams called me a couple years back. I'm Alex Lathe." Eleanor choked on an extremely hot mouthful of coffee, a macchiato, and she briefly wondered if he had specifically waited until she'd taken a sip of the beverage. Her stomach twisted in a mixture of embarrassment and butterflies. "You're Alex Lathe?" she choked out. The past year and a half she had been getting various study guides and notes from Alex Lathe. She had never met with him as her initial interaction with him had been through Julianne Abrams. Abrams and Lathe had been in the same cadet class and having blackmailed Abrams into helping her, due to the Lieutenants extra marital affairs, she figured that Lathe would be more willing to help her if the request came from one of his own peers. From her research, Eleanor had discovered that Lathe had been the Academy's Golden Boy, the prelude to James T. Kirk. He had been on the Command track, focusing on security and international relations. He graduated top of his class and commissioned as a Lieutenant Commander, an unusually high rank to be given when most cadets graduated as Ensigns with the top percent usually given the rank of Lieutenant. Needless to say, Eleanor had benefitted greatly from his help despite the way it was given. His notes were in-depth and especially helpful that first semester as he had once taken the same course with the same exact professor and syllabus. The past semester she had even emailed him an essay and Lathe had provided feedback, allowing her for the first time to get an A on any graded work. But now, sitting across from Lathe, things were different. For one, the entire experience was unsettling and she rapidly wondered what she should do. Thank him for his help? Apologize for any inconvenience? Ask him if he was still willing to help her? The last one was especially important considering that she would soon be working on her senior thesis, something all fourth-year cadets had to complete in order to graduate. Alex watched her, taking a drink of coffee, and letting her go through a spectrum of emotions. "Was this all a set up or something?" she questioned. "Like, you called me down to HQ, just to fuck with me because I've been…using you this whole time?" "You have been using me," he agreed. "But I can't help but be impressed. Even making Abrams do the initial dirty work." "Why were you so willing to help me?" Eleanor asked, curiosity getting the better of her. It wasn't like she had dirt on him in the same way that she had on Abrams. Drew Porter had benefitted from working together, eventually leading them to become friends and he was always willing to look over her work. Alex Lathe didn't have the same incentive to continue helping her. But he had, always through computer messages, leaving his name faceless. Alex shrugged. "What was the harm in helping you? And I don't like Christopher Pike, so I had incentive to help the cadet he had so little faith in." Eleanor's brow furrowed. "What do you have against Pike?" He was that Starfleet Officer everybody seemed to love. Friendly, but firm, for the most part he honestly wanted all Starfleet cadets to do well. The memory might sting, but Eleanor didn't blame him for sitting her down and laying out the brutal truth about how badly she was doing. It had allowed her to give more and she was still at the Academy because of that frank discussion. "Eh," Alex declined to give an in-depth answer. "But my point is, don't think I wasn't getting gratification out of the relationship." "Weird word choice," Eleanor replied. "Makes it sound a lot dirtier than it was." Alex smiled, the first wide and toothy grin she'd seen from him. It was brilliant and friendly looking. "Right, well," he toyed with the paper cup in front of him. "The point is Eleanor Sayer, I was the one that asked to speak to you, because I'm here to make you an offer." "What?" Eleanor cocked her head at him. "I want you to come work for me." Eleanor looked out at the street, watching a woman struggle in her heels. "A job?" she said in a daze. "But I'm just a student." "Yeah," he agreed. "So we'll just call it an internship for now. Almost all cadets spend time doing a work study program, often off-planet, but you haven't done that yet so we'll set it up and let it count as part of your studying." "Are you bending the rules to do that?" He shrugged. "Probably, but it gets you out of at least one class and I need a secretary so…" "Secretary?" Eleanor cried, her facial expression basically saying, are you kidding me. "You asked me all the way down here to be your secretary? What the fuck do you even do?" "I'm Federation Security." "Federation Security," she echoed. "You're Federation Security?" "Is that so hard to believe?" Eleanor leaned back in her chair, a confused expression on her face. "I don't know," she admitted. "I guess I've just never met anybody in Federation Security and I didn't cut it for that program so it was never an option. You work at HQ?" "The fortieth floor is exclusively for Federation Security. Other security teams make use of various offices in the building though." "Why aren't you in a uniform?" she asked. "I don't particularly like them," he informed her. "Nobody does," she stopped herself from rolling her eyes. "But it's not exactly like we have the option." "You," he pointed. "Not so much. Me," he pointed back to himself. "I have some leeway. Perks of being the youngest Rear Admiral in the history of Starfleet." Eleanor furrowed her brow. "You're a Rear Admiral?" she said, not really believing it. "How'd you do that?" "By doing my job," he stated dryly. "And doing it well." There was a pause in the conversation as his words floated through her mind. "Why me?" she finally asked. "Because HR has been sending up all these useless officers, sticking 'em outside my office, expecting them to work out but they never do. Apparently, because I've exhausted all their options they decided that it was time I tried picking somebody out myself." He stopped to shrug. "I figured I know you have the balls, why not see if you can make the cut. I figured at least I know you're funny." "You're patronizing," Eleanor declared. "And full of yourself and annoying." "See, we're already getting along," he smiled. She shook her head at him. "I'm still at the Academy, I can't work normal hours. Plus, I will have to study." "We already know how you study," he said, making Eleanor wonder if that was him trying to joke. "And we'll make it work. Besides, I don't like the office, so I work erratic hours there anyway. As long as we can get our schedules in-sync together, I have no doubt we can make it work." She didn't readily agree to it. "You made me wait almost two hours." She was still cross at having to sit in the lobby for so long. "I apologize," Alex said sincerely. "I was caught up in a meeting that ran longer than it should have. I have a lot of those by the way, you'll have to make sure I actually go to them." She wrinkled her nose. "Are you serious? I think I'm starting to understand why HR's had such a problem finding somebody to work with you." He smirked. "Will you do it?" "Will it really count as work study and get me out of classes?" "I bet I could get you out of at least two classes this semester alone, and term's only begun so I hope you know which ones you no longer want take." She hid a smile. Goodbye, Historical Military Strategies and Engineering Extension. "Come on." He seemed to know how tempted she was. "I can tell that you want to do it." "Are you really that cocky?" she asked back. "That you can just pick whatever random, amusing person of the day and offer them a job." His grey eyes were serious, but they didn't lack compassion even though she had proclaimed him to be arrogant. "Please, don't make me go chase some other cadet. I really need somebody to go ahead and start the job." She took a deep breath, wondering if this was all real. Sometimes she still felt the same fog that had descended her after her mother's death. And it had clung to her as she tried to bring justice to Helga. Out on the streets of San Francisco, with handsome Alex Lathe sitting across from her with a lukewarm coffee in front of her, she oddly felt alive. The colors seemed bright and she might not have been completely happy, but she felt a lot better than she normally did, perhaps because of all the adrenaline throughout the odd, crazy day. She was struck with the idea that this internship, or whatever it was, might be a good thing. "Okay," she said tentatively and he smiled in response, a smug smirk. Oh, she was so going to regret this. He stood from the table and adjusted his jacket. "Communicator?" She hesitated, but he held out a hand so she dropped the device in his palm. He flipped it open, did some tech mumbo jumbo, and then dropped it back into her hand. She stood up and trailed behind him as he walked down the sidewalk. "Wait, what did you do?" she asked. "Made sure I had your frequency. Make sure you keep that on you. You'll know when it's me." She made another one of those quizzically confused facial expressions and knew that they were going to become a usual thing. "Oh, okay…" she blankly said at his egotistical statement. She stopped walking a moment and he turned to look over his shoulder. "I'll see you tomorrow," he promised before rounding the street corner and was gone. Things were about to get a lot more interesting. She knew she constantly put up a good front, but Nyota Uhura at times was just as human as anybody else. Trudging up the stairs to her dormitory, she ran through the events of the day. She'd gotten into it with Gaila. While she sorta really did love her crazy roommate, she could be a bit much and waking up, Nyota had not exactly been exciting about watching the Orion run around naked, talking about another random guy. She regretted snapping at the Orion, but she wasn't perfect and she had two study guides to worry about and a simulation to plan for. Things had only gotten worse when she peered into the mirror in the bathroom and noticed the impossible to miss, bright, red angry pimple on her chin. Human. She was human and suffered from acne. She knew that, but it was still never something that anybody ever wanted to deal with. Worse off, he had commented on it! Granted, she had brought it up when Commander Spock noted that her attention seemed to be else where, when they should have been discussing her work study hours. He was looking at her for an answer as to why her mind was not focused on the matter at hand. In a moment of weakness, words had tumbled out of her mouth about how she was having an off day or had he not noticed her splotchy, angry acne? He had stayed silent for a moment, during which she took the time to beat herself up for saying such a pathetic thing to him, before he simply said: "The human skin is prone to acne vulgaris, a condition which occurs when hair follicles are blocked by dead skin and oil. It can occur in anybody with human skin. It in no way subtracts from your beauty, a quality that is not limited to your skin type." For whatever reason Nyota Uhura's heart had fluttered like it was some cheesy pick up line. Because Uhura had a crush on Commander Spock. No, not a crush. That implied some silly infatuation with a teenage boy. No, she admired Spock. She understood his work ethic and thought process. She found him fascinating and hungrily ate up any details about him that she could get her hands on. And she knew he felt the same way about her. That's why they sometimes, okay, really often, found themselves kissing like two horny teenagers. But it was great! He was hot and sexy and had the most incredible mind! They could kiss and talk and so far hadn't tired of each other. But still, she was human and tired after a long day, allowing herself to take the elevator to the sixth floor instead of the stairs. She was walking down the long hall when Eleanor's door opened up and she hopped out. She was in uniform, the red particularly bright and as she hopped out of the room, she was still tugging up one boot. Eleanor stood up, smoothing back her hair and catching sight of the other woman. She offered a smile and small wave, but then jetted off. Uhura looked back to watch her running down the hallway, wondering where she was going and what she was up to because lately, Eleanor hadn't spent as much time in the dormitory. Uhura made it to her door just as the door across the hall opened and Cleo Manx, Eleanor's new roommate peeked her head out the door. Uhura's guard went up as she grumbled on the inside. Uhura knew she was competitive, it was in her nature to push herself to see what she could achieve, so she had not been happy upon her arrival back on campus, after a wonderful study abroad on Vulcan, to see that Cleo Manx, as in her biggest rival, had moved in right across the hall from her. They were both linguists, working towards being a Chief Communications Officer. They both had their sights set on getting the Flagship, which would be the Enterprise upon it's refit. Uhura's door opened as well, and as if Gaila had sniffed something going on in the hall, she popped into the doorway. "Hey," she smiled lightly at Uhura, well aware of how much her roommate hated the Caitain. She looked down the hall, where Uhura was absently staring at Eleanor's vanished figure. "What's going on?" It was Cleo that answered Gaila while Uhura leaned against the door as the Orion blocked the entrance. "You hear that Sayer got an internship? That's why she was rushing out of here, she put on a fresh uniform after spilling coffee all over her other one." Both Gaila and Uhura lifted up their eyebrows, pleasantly surprised at Eleanor's good fortune. Uhura went on to say as much. "Good for her," she nodded. Cleo's tail flicked, her eyes flashing. "It's at Headquarters." Uhura titled her head while Gaila felt the same surprise as she did. "That's amazing," she gushed. Cleo, competitive Cleo, wasn't so happy about it. "Do you know how hard it is to get a work study placement at HQ?" she said, leaning up against the door frame, her arms crossed over her chest. "Most of them go to fourth-years, if they can even get them." "It'll look really good on her CV," Gaila replied firmly. Uhura and Gaila were allowed to comment about Eleanor's study struggles, but that right to gossip on the matter was not extended to somebody like Cleo Manx. They didn't know why Helga had left the Academy, but Cleo was certainly not going to fill that void. In fact, they pitied that Eleanor had to put up with somebody like her as a new roommate. Okay, so Uhura's bias on hating Cleo due to their academic competition might have rubbed off on Gaila. That's why Uhura loved the Orion despite all her weird and annoying quirks, i.e. constantly bringing men back to their dorm. "Hey, do you own a Panini maker?" Alex's voice asked. Eleanor shuffled around her book bag, water bottle and the communicator in her hand. She weaved in and out of other cadets as she spoke to Alex through the device. It had only been close to three months of this internship, but she was already coming to greatly regret her choice, even if it got her out of class. "No," she scoffed. "Oh." Alex paused for a second. "I need you to go down to one of those fancy department stores and get me one." Eleanor nearly threw her hands up in the air. Alex repeatedly made requests that made Eleanor want to pull out her hair or stomp her foot on the ground or some other combination of frustrated gestures. "You want me?" she began to seethe. "To buy you a Panini maker?" Are you shitting me, she added in her own brain. "Well, not me," he corrected. "But I do want it to be the fanciest one they've got." "I'm not buying a fancy anything!" Eleanor cried. "I don't even get paid for this job!" "Relax," Alex requested through the comm. "Drop off the receipt to Helena and she'll reimburse you." Eleanor almost got jabbed in the eye from a frantically running cadet. "Zorry!" the young boy cried over his shoulder, not slowing down once. Eleanor shook it off and continued cutting through campus, on her way towards HQ. "That still doesn't explain why I'm spending money on a sandwich press," Eleanor snapped. "What kinda Federation Security are you?" "The kind that bribes people with Panini makers!" Alex freely admitted. "And I need you to drop it off to said 'bribee'." "Why can't you do it?" "I have that meeting at 14:00." "Alex," Eleanor growled. "That's at 13:00." She looked at her watch. It was ten till. "Tell me you're going to that meeting!" She was met with silence. "Alex!" "Relax," he instructed again. He damn well knew she was going to chew him out if he missed a meeting with the Chief of Security to the Vulcan Ambassador. They had already rescheduled twice, and as one could imagine it was not pleasant to have to continually explain to a time-efficient Vulcan that they once again had to move the meeting around. "I'll send you the location. I'll talk to you later." "Alex," she said one more time. Her furious and quick steps got mixed up causing her to trip over the tiny dip where the grass lawn met with a concrete path. She was airborne for a second and then clipping the shoulder of a broad shouldered man. "I'm sorry!" she cried out instantly. "I'm so sorry, oh, sorry Dr. McCoy." Leonard grabbed her shoulders, stabilizing her. She took the time to catch her breathe as she looked up to see one of Leonard's eyebrows quirked up. "Goin' somewhere darlin'?" he drawled. "A little green bird was happy to chat my ear off this morning about someone gettin' some fancy internship or somethin'." Eleanor smiled. "I didn't know that you were the gossip buddy that Gaila always talks about." "I am no such thing," Leonard defended. "That girl makes anybody who is willing to listen her 'gossip buddy'. But seriously," he patted her shoulder. "Good for you and this work study thing. I imagine it will look nice on your resume." "Well," Eleanor shrugged. "That's the plan. You just coming back from rounds?" He nodded. The San Francisco Starfleet Hospital was located close to HQ and the Academy, all of it conglomerated within blocks of each other. "You know Jim said something about drinks next Friday," Leonard offered, making Eleanor smile. He was a lot nicer than his initial grumpy exterior allowed for. "Keep me posted." "Will do." They both waved and then she was back to running through the streets of San Francisco, in search for a sandwich press and quite possibly her own sanity. You're coming right? It was the fifth time that Gaila had sent her a personal message on her comm. She didn't bother answering this time. They'd been drinking for hours it seemed and she had decided a while ago that she would get there when she got there, which turned out to be around nine o'clock. It was the same tiny dive bar that they usually frequented. It was full and the closer she got the louder it was. The front door creaked open and pink light spilled out into the night. The door banged shut and a figure moved out into the night. When she was almost to the entrance she realized it was Jim Kirk. "Hey," he said at the same time he noticed who it was. "You came." "Yeah," Eleanor gave a small smile. "I had to run back and change." She'd had a full day, going from class to work and then back to campus to finally ditch her stupid red cadet uniform. She'd tugged on a pair of jeans, a fresh tee and only needed a cardigan now that it was pushing into May. The door burst open and a few cadets spilled out. They'd clearly had a lot to drink and laughing obnoxiously they spotted Kirk and latched onto him, grabbing him by the shoulders. Jim smiled. He'd had just as much alcohol as they had but he knew how to handle it better. "Kirk," one of them crooned into the night. Jim laughed again, his cheeks flushing under their attention as he shyly looked up at Eleanor. She raised her brow at him, silently laughing at their antics. "You had us all fooled," a cadet cried. "What with the hair and the grades but you're just as average as us all." She raised her brows again. "Nobody beats the Kobyashi Maru," the drunk said. "Not even the famous James T. Kirk!" The buddies all began to laugh, Kirk shaking his head as he shyly laughed along with them. Needing another round, they began to filter back into the bar, leaving Kirk and Sayer out in the dark together. "Kobyashi Maru?" she asked, tilting her head at him sympathetically. "Yep," he said bashfully. And damn him, because even embarrassed he still looked handsome. He lifted up his head when the door opened again, a couple in the midst of making out. He nodded towards the establishment and she followed him in. He held his hand out behind him and she took it, leading her through the crowd. Maybe she should have taken more note of his willingness to hold her hand. It was a gentle touch, friendly. It didn't imply anything, just friendship. But when they got to the bar for just a second they stood side by side, neither of them dropping the other's hand. It was like they didn't even think to. "Budweiser," he ordered. "Make it two please," she asked and finally let go of his hand only to dig her chip card out of her pocket. She paid for their drinks before he was able to and he made a funny face in response to the transaction. "What?" she feigned innocence. "I do believe it was my turn to pay for drinks." He cocked his head at her, challenge excepted. "Is that so," he said slyly. "Then I guess the next round is on me." He slipped from the bar and she didn't have to ask him to know that he was headed toward their other dorm mates. She could hear Gaila's laughter from a mile away. They went back and forth, playing a dangerous game—seeing who could pay for each other's drinks first. He caught on to how swiftly she could pull out her chip card so he began to distract her by pointing in a random direction to look at something. Various methods of deception kept the game going, as they pounded back alcohol each time. They had different reasons for the heavy drinking. Him, drowning his sorrows at the failed simulation and her, all the frustration from her life and the past few months. She took a shot of tequila, not sorry to be mixing alcohol and he and Bones both had a shot of Jack at one point, before the doctor hurried off to Georgia for the weekend. Uhura began to cock block Gaila, citing it as for the Orion's own good. The bar eventually closed and they stumbled back to campus. Jim knocked into Eleanor, his skin touching hers for a second time that night. It felt nice. He felt nice. Uhura tried to shush Gaila as they got onto campus. They did not need to get caught by campus security for breaking curfew, something they did quite an awful lot. "Are you actually coming back to the dorm?" Gaila asked Eleanor in a fake whisper. Uhura was helping her walk. "Do you even live here anymore?" she asked, her voice hiking at the end. Uhura began to chuckle at Gaila's question. It wasn't particularly funny, but Gaila's drunk state combined with Uhura's buzzed state, made for it to be funny. It also showed that several of her dorm mates had taken note of her absences over the semester. "A bunch of morons," Jim whispered in a terrible fake southern accent. He had been imitating McCoy for the past half-hour. He swiped his ID card and held the door open for his friends to walk through in addition to a few other cadets that lived in the same building. "You guys going to be okay?" Jim asked. Everybody was scattering throughout the building, getting back to the correct rooms. Eleanor nodded, smiling softly at him before hurrying up the last flight of stairs to her room. She looked back briefly and noticed the warm smile on his face as he watched her walk up the stairs. A bolt of something hot hit her stomach, making it clench with….want…desire. She slammed up against her door when it had closed all the way, clutching at her belly. The noise made Cleo blink widely in the dark. Her eyes glowed in the dark. "Drunk much?" she mumbled, stuffing her face back in her pillow. Eleanor ignored her roommate's passive aggressiveness. She had too many other things to worry about like, why the fuck she was suddenly panting at the sight of James Tiberius Kirk. She shook a shoe off, followed by the other. It was his eyes—he'd always had those blazing blue orbs. She shimmied out of her jeans. Or maybe the hair? The hair which looked like it'd be soft if she ran a hand through it. Her leather jacket fell to the floor. But then that jawline, strong and sharp when he was serious but then otherwise always relaxed as he smirked. She tugged up a pair of sweatpants. Oh god, if his jawline was chiseled than what were his abs bound to be like? She fell onto her bad, flat on her back and sighed. Cleo tossed around, unhappy at the sound. It was perfectly normal to find Jim Kirk attractive. He was Jim Kirk after all, it was only natural for her to admit what everybody else thought about him—that he was damn good looking. Except there was a difference between thinking 'I think you're handsome' and 'I want to lift up your shirt and lick every inch of you'. She closed her eyes tight. Hey, girls get horny too. Eleanor ran a hand through her hair, trying to calm her breathing. She knew it wasn't just a matter of suddenly finding somebody attractive. It wasn't that simple. Not anymore, not after Professor Rosz. But admitting Kirk was sexy wasn't the same thing as getting close to Rosz. The same thoughts and shame ran through her head again and again. She was the one that had gotten close to Professor Rosz so sure that she could prove that he was having inappropriate sexual relations with students. Except she was the one that had 'teased' him, trying to get his attention which had worked when he began to ask her to come to his office. His office where… She squirmed at the memories, a sadness swelling inside her. Stop, she ordered herself. She made mistakes but Rosz had been the one to lock his office door and suggest she get down on her knees if she wanted to get out. He was the one that had fisted her hair, holding her place as he jerked into her mouth. He was the one that had forced her to swallow everything. All she'd wanted to do was find out who hurt Helga. You did. Eleanor's eyes flashed open as she answered her own question and in surprise she lifted her hand up to wipe away a tear. She hadn't even realized water was coming out of her eyes. Cleo's tail flicked up suddenly, something that happened sometimes when the alien was dreaming. Eleanor rolled over so that she was facing the wall. Sleeping with Kirk would in no way be like what she did with Rosz. For one, it wouldn't be forced. It wouldn't be wrong because they would both want it…or at least she hoped he'd want it. Then again, it was Jim Kirk and he was known to take any bone thrown his way. There were plenty of excuses she could come up with as to why going to Kirk for sex would be perfectly reasonable, but she knew why she was really holding back. She was scared. For the first time in months she was finally looking at a man in a sexual nature again. She was willing to give into the urges she was feeling. She was willing to…put her legs around him, her back arching as he fucked her. Her body feeling funny, Eleanor rolled over again, willing the feelings to go away. She fumbled for her communicator and typed out a message. Are you awake? She slapped her forehead. How stupid could she be? Yet, if he was awake… Fishing for a pizza date, Cadet Sayer? She was decidedly not fishing for a pizza date. Oh, no. She was fishing for another kind of date entirely. Quietly so she didn't wake Cleo this time she sat up and began to get out of bed. She didn't even put on a pair of sneakers. Her breath was rapid as she walked down the hallway and headed down the stairwell. It was eerily quiet in the building and it took too little time to get to his door. Standing in front of it she knew that she could just walk away. She could forget all of it, ignore the warmth in her belly and go back upstairs and force herself to fall asleep in bed, alone. She knocked, feeling that it was too quiet at that time of night to use the door chime. She could hear him shuffle around and then he answered the door, only in a pair of boxer briefs. For a second he looked caught unaware and he didn't bother to slap a smirk on. His eyes searched hers, briefly roaming over her body and taking her in. Then he looked back up at her and she knew that he knew. They seemed to lean into each other at the same time and they didn't bother to stop and ask if it was a bad idea. They knew it was a bad idea. His arm snaked across her back, pulling her through the door so that it could shut. His hand was already up her shirt, skimming across back, feeling soft skin. She wasn't wearing a bra and had no qualms about shedding a few layers until they were even. They moved across his room, hitting his bed and falling into it. She climbed on top, not for a second pretending like she was going to give up the chance to ride him. He was rough when he pulled her head down to him, taking everything she was offering. She found that it was this weird mix of him understanding how to be rough, but gentle at the same time. His hand kneaded into her ass and hip. She might have been on top, but he was in control of the movements. He was the one tantalizing, running his hand across her leg and up her thigh, working towards the part that was practically crying out for him. He played with the edge of her underwear. "Take them off," he ordered, his voice dark and gravelly. She wiggled around and he sat back, watching her breasts move even though she was awkward and clumsy as she pulled the fabric down. The moment they were off, without hesitation he pulled her forward, lifting her up and then crushing her down on his cock. The noise she made as she sank down should have been embarrassing. She felt every part of him and wanted it even more than she had when she hadn't know how good it would feel. Her head fell back as he thrust up, over and over again, effortlessly able to find the exact spot that made her cry out. It felt good, so good as she wound up tighter and tighter. He was pushing her towards something that she desperately wanted. His hands stayed on her hips, controlling her movements, setting the pace. Her head tipped forward and she gasped for breath when she opened her eyes. It was too intimate, his blue eyes staring straight into her green ones. They were moving so fast, pumping so hard that their breathes were labored and all they wanted was release. He pulled her to him, nipping at the pulse point on her neck. It shook her, the intensity, the coil in her breaking. She let go, breathing dizzily as warmth exploded in her. She was so tired, but he kept going, forcing her to keep riding him. And she wanted to. She wanted to make him feel as good as she did. She gunned down on him, making him breathe sharply as he came. "Hey," Jim turned his head to the side to look at Eleanor. After her orgasm she had leaned into him, her breath ragged, but a few moments later she'd climbed off him, her legs a weak mess. She had put her sweatpants back on and was pulling her shirt over her head as she sat on the ground a couple feet away from his bed. God, was he glad that Bones had gone back to Georgia for the weekend. He watched her carefully, wondering what she was doing. She was looking for her shoes, wondering where they had scattered when she realized that she hadn't even worn any in the first place. Still, she stayed on the ground, taking a minute before she was going to pull herself up and try to exit as gracefully as she possibly could. She wasn't expecting for Jim to ask his next question. "I've been meaning to ask." His voice was low and calm in the dark room. "What's with the blonde hair?" She moved her head slightly, not quite fully looking back at where he was lying on the bed with one hand cradling his head while he looked at her. She didn't know why she decided in that moment to be so brutally honest. "My mom had blonde hair." He was quiet, not sure he understood. "She passed away last summer. It'll be a year in August." She heard movement behind her and the last thing she wanted was Jim Kirk trying to be nice to her because of a dead parent. "Come back to bed," he said instead, making her look back at him. He reached out a hand. She paused before taking it and was pulled back onto the mattress, the springs creaking at the added weight. He didn't let go of her, instead the same hand that had pulled her up, moved down her arm, snaking around her waist as he pulled her down against him. The touch was tight and firm, not uncaring in the least. He'd put his boxers back on but his chest, which she snuggled into, was still bare. Their legs were tangled together and his body warm. His chest rose up and down steadily in his sleep. She quickly wondered if she should just sneak off and after counting in her head for two minutes, trying to make sure his breaths were really even, she tried to lightly lift herself off his chest and move away. His arm pulled her back, muscles flexing. "Don't be stubborn," he ordered, his chest rumbling. She stayed quiet, but awake. He sighed. "Go to bed, Smidge." She lowered her head at the nickname and despite everything that told her to not do it, she closed her eyes, a peacefulness engulfing her. When she awoke the next morning, she was alone, a note on actual paper on the bedside table. Had a breakfast meeting with Pike. Stay as long as you need. Talk later –Jim Eleanor ran a hand through her hair as she looked around the room. She was suddenly struck with the thought that it was kinda weird to not only be in Kirk's room, but also Leonard McCoy's. There was a pencil beside the scrap piece of paper and she picked it up. Not understanding why she was doing it, or where the need was coming from she flipped the piece of paper over and scribbled something on it. When she was done, she put everything exactly where it had been, got up and made the bed and then put on a brave face in case she ran into anybody on her walk back to her room. When Jim came back from his meeting with Pike (who had ensured that they were able to meet that weekend because the mentor knew that the cadet would need somebody to talk to after the failed Kobyashi Maru) he found the note that Eleanor had left. It simply read: But on good days I am charming as fuck Because he was James T. Kirk and he was beginning to understand Eleanor Sayer, he instinctively knew that it was currently her favorite song lyric.
