(Hello all so this is a new fanfiction I worked on and decided I'd share. It is based off the new Star Trek movie franchise which I enjoyed and stars an OC Katarina Kirk who is Jim's older sister. I hope you enjoy though this is my first Star Trek fanfiction so I apologize if I got Spock's personality or any other technical details wrong. Happy Reading!) ... Part 1 ... One night, a little baby boy were born to a doomed captain and his wife on board a federation escape shuttle which was then attempting to make its escape from the crumbling fortress known as the U.S.S Kelvin. Then, one of the greatest starships Starfleet had ever known. Captain George Kirk, recently promoted at the former Captain's death was struggling not to think about his wife or about the new baby she would soon bring into the world to raise along with their almost five year old daughter as he set all the necessary manual operatives on the quickly floundering vessel which he commanded. His heart ached though as he looked ahead at the menacing attack ship before him. He thought about all the long spaceless years Winona and their children would have to spend in the future, alone without him to protect them. Shaking himself, George started to set the final control when he heard it. The faint crackling sound of a baby's cry echoed by the cry of a child. He choked. "What is it?" He asked voice cracking as he attempted to speak over the thundering noise of the warships. He strained his ears to catch the response through the defecting speakers of his comlink "It's a boy...George we have a son!" Winona seemed both elated and dejected at the same time and George could easily guess the reason why. "Well...what are we going to call him?" He asked, trying to keep his own voice level as he heard the muffled sounds of his daughter babbling over her new sibling. Winona remained silent for a minute. "We could name him after your Father." She suggested tiredly. George let out a weak laugh at that. She can't be serious. "What? Tiberius? Are you kidding me? No! That's the worst! It's even worse than when I wanted to name Katy after your grandmother, do you remember that?" Winona chuckled weakly. "Yeah...it was almost as bad as you deciding to nickname her Katy when it should be Kat." She giggled slightly. George stifled his laugh. "Well, I'm going to do better. Let's name him after your Dad this time. Let's call him Jim." He smiled for a moment almost forgetting that he wasn't in the same room as his wife and children. The ship shook, dying under heavy fire. George turned to adjust a monitor as the ship's computer robotically reported the remaining distance between the Kelvin and the opposing ship. In his mind he tried to picture his son and wished the Kelvin's visual transmitters were not destroyed so he could at least catch a glimpse of the boy before his last mission was completed. "Jim..." Winona smiled, almost unconsciously as she stroked the top of her infant son's head with her fingertips. "Jim..." She repeated the name back to herself as if listening for a ring or a signal from above. "Okay Jim it is then. Katarina, come here. What do you think of your new brother's name?" She turned to ask her daughter and George started to smile when he heard his little girl's response. "Mommy? Where's Daddy? Is he going to meet us at home?" George reached for his hand held comlink. "Katy? This is Daddy. Can you hear me, Baby?" He leaned towards the speakers even though they were quickly circuiting out and frying due to all the electrical damage done to the ship. "Where are you, Daddy?" Katy's little voice crackled over the speakers making George feel warm for a second. "Katy, I need you to listen to me for a second...Can you make me a promise Sweetheart?" He turned to glance at the tracking computer, gauging the distance between him and the attacking vessel before continuing. "Can you promise Daddy you'll be a big girl now and take good care of your brother for me?" He tightened his grip on the accelerators, waiting and straining his ears for his little girl's response before pulling on the switch. "What do you mean, Daddy?" She asked, her voice suddenly soft and fearful as the baby continued weeping in the background. George bit his lip. "I need you to promise me, Katy. Jimmy's going to need you and Mommy now so can you promise you'll take good care of them?" He held his breath and pushed the thrusters down slowly to meet their limits. "I promise." Katarina's response came soft, shaky and unconfident. George knew as young as she was she knew something was wrong and it made his heart rip in two as he heard the fear echoing in his daughter's voice. "George?" Winona's voice came back over the speakers. George snapped his chin forward. "Sweetheart?" He leaned forward in his seat as the computer told him in her cool mechanical voice that he was nearing his collision target. His heart started to race as he heard his daughter call out to him. "Katy, can you hear me?" "George!" Winona's response came as a whimper. George clenched his jaw. "I love you both so much!...I love-." The communication disconnected and Winona let out a strangled cry as an explosion echoed into her ears. Katarina looked confused. "Daddy?" She looked from the COMM to her Mother to the nurses in a questioning manner, but no one had a satisfactory answer for her. "Daddy!" Her confusion quickly turned to fear. "Daddy!" ... "No!" Kat woke with a start, nearly colliding head first into the overhanging light fixture when she bolted up in bed. Her hands felt clammy and her face felt sticky with tears and perspiration. The time read barely 0300 in the morning. Groaning, she rubbed her face with the palms of her hands trying to rid herself of the discomforting moisture and the clamminess before turning to slide off the edge of the bed, taking care not to make too much noise. "Kat?" A soft prim voice drew her attention for a moment causing her to stop with one foot on the floor. "I'm getting a drink." She murmured not wishing to worry her husband who despite his Vulcan heritage had a tendency to care overly much about her. Not that she resented it in the least. Some liked to argue that Spock as a Vulcan did not have the capacity to worry about anyone, much less show any kind of emotion, but Kat knew better. "The dream?" Spock fixed his gaze on the back of Katarina's head, his eyebrows creasing ever so slightly at the tremor he saw racing through her body. "No." Kat tensely set her other foot on the ground next to her left one and stood to leave the room, intending to escape to the bathroom for a minute to wash her face before getting a drink from the automatic water cooler. "Katarina, please do not lie to me." Her husband's voice was stern yet caring at the same time. It made the young Chief of Intergalactic Relations smile a little despite herself. "I'm sorry, Spock. I don't mean to shut you out it's just..." She trailed off and ran a hand awkwardly through her long tangled slightly damp hair, keeping her gaze on her feet. Spock turned himself over when he heard her voice break, allowing the covers to slide off of his bare torso at the slight movement. "As my Mother would often say," He slowly slid out of the bed and shuffled noiselessly across the room to her. "When I would feel reluctance in confiding in her...trust in me." He looked down at the bare nape of her neck before gently running his fingers up the curve of her throat. Kat shivered as he bent down swiftly to kiss her, first on the neck then on her cheek and her forehead. "I do trust you." She turned her head slightly to face him. Spock raised an eyebrow. "Do you?" He cupped her chin gently with the slender palm of his hand. His gaze was expressionless, but Kat could hear the gentle longing ebbing in the soft timbre of his voice. "You know I do." She stroked the base of his chin, feeling the soft almost marble like quality of her husband's skin as Spock suddenly withdrew his hands from her body. "Then why do you continually insist on dealing with your sleep disturbances alone?" His voice turned suddenly serious and resentful. Kat sighed and averted her gaze. "Because it's hard." She bit her lip and turned her face towards his other shoulder. "No one's been able to make them stop. Not the doctors. Nobody." Spock frowned and wrapped his arms protectively around his wife. "If I could find a way..." He started to speak. Kat shook her head. "Just hold me." She cut him off and threw herself suddenly into his arms. Spock started at her sudden movement then sighed as he felt her shaking against his body. "Very well." He slowly stroked his hands against the small of her back and rested his chin in her hair as she clung to him. "I love you." Kat shut her eyes and pressed a soft tingling kiss to the Vulcan's collarbone as the night wore on. Spock barely suppressed a shiver though the worry overruled any human response to her gesture and remained dominant in his tone. "As I do you." ...
(Chapter 2. I own nothing but Kat. Hope you enjoy!) ... Part 2 ... "The Slushicle mix." Kat whispered to Uhura right before the bartender could beat her to it. She pushed her own untasted glass of bourbon back across the counter before getting up to leave the pub. "The slushicle mix. Thank you Dr. Kirk." Uhura smiled gratefully at her friend and superior as she passed the order to the waiting bartender. Kat barely smiled back. "No problem. Don't stay out too long." She got up dropping a few extra bills on the table before turning to head for the door. "Are you all right, Dr. Kirk?" The bartender glanced at the Officer worriedly for a second before reached to clean away the drinks. Kat started to smile back, fully prepared to excuse herself on the usual complaint of exhaustion and stress when she saw him stumble towards the bar. "That's a lot of drinks for two girls, ain't it?" A familiar voice boomed in her ear. Kat wrinkled her nose when she smelled the alcohol reeking from his breath. "It's for a party, genius and I wasn't invited so you can get lost before I call the authorities on you." Kat turned to stare at the newcomer with a dangerous look on her face. Both the young man and the bartender who had been serving Katarina looked taken aback by her sudden change in demeaner. "What? You don't recognize me, Katy? It hasn't been that long, right?" He hiccuped and almost knocked over his stool as he attempted to sit on it. Kat glared at his casualness. "My name is not Katy." She crossed her arms. "And no, I don't recognize the drunk who thinks that ten years hasn't been that long." She turned to stalk out of the bar when the boy called after her. "Oh come on! I'm not that drunk." He leaned on the counter. "Who's the pretty veal cake you were drinking with? Is she single?" He asked. Kat rolled her eyes. "Actually she's not. You'd best stop wasting your time, Jim. Or else I'll call Mom and tell her you're out getting drunk again instead of looking for a job." She motioned for Uhura to leave the area. "I still have her number, you know and I know she hasn't changed it." She reached into her uniform pocket for her cellular communicating device as if to threaten her brother with it. The boy grinned back at her. "So you do remember me then." He laughed and got up clumsily from his stool using his dirty hands to wipe his face. "Johnny didn't tell you about the car crash?" Kat dropped the communicator. "What car crash?" "Your drinks Miss." The bartender set a couple of glasses of clear white cherry martini down in front of Uhura. Jim moved to take the tab when Kat failed to respond. "Her shots are on me. I know her friend." He patted Kat before searching through his jacket for his wallet. Kat shook her head. "Actually her shot's on Gaila. What car crash?" She walked back over to the bar and shot Jim with the most venomous look she could manage. Jim hardly reacted. "The one that got Mom and the dirt bag killed last Saturday. Seriously, no one contacted you?" He hiccuped and turned to hit on a girl sitting to his left while Uhura gaped at her Professor. Kat paled and turned to run out of the pub without retrieving her communicator or offering to help Uhura carry the drinks. "Wait! Katarina!" Uhura called after her, but Kat did not stop nor did she respond. "This Townie isn't bothering you, is he Uhura?" A cadet known as Clyde puffed into Uhura's ear just as the door clinked shut after the flustered Officer. Uhura grinned to hide her panic and bent to retrieve Kat's COMM from the floor. "Him? Nah! Beyond belief actually, but it's nothing I can't handle. You best be on your way, Bonner." She grabbed the drinks and turned to leave the room. Jim smirked as if he didn't notice the four meaty guys standing directly behind him with Clyde. "You can handle me anytime, Baby." He picked up a mug and took a long slurp from its contents. "Hey! You better mind your manners Farm Boy! Cause we can clean you up real good if you can't!" Clyde snapped, knocking Jim's drink straight out of his hand. Jim rolled his eyes at the threat. "Oh relax Cupcake! It was just a joke." He drawled and drunkenly patted him on the shoulder. "Now where'd Katy go? I didn't finish telling her..." He tripped and Uhura cringed as he bumped into a couple sitting at a table right behind him. "Hey!" Clyde grabbed Jim roughly by the back of his motorcycle jacket nearly making him lose his balance as the couple behind them shrieked. "Maybe you can't count, but there are four of us here and only one of you! Don't get cocky." He nodded back at his buddies. One grinned nastily at Jim and cracked his knuckles, but Jim was too drunk to be worried. Uhura bit her lip. "Guys knock it off. You're all drunk and so is he." She tried to ward off the confrontation, but her pleas were falling on deaf ears. "So get some more guys then and it'll be an even fight." Jim patted Clyde again this time on the cheek. Clyde felt face turned red at the gesture. "Hey!" He grabbed Jim by the back of his arm. Uhura tried to stop him, but he punched him flat in the face before she could interfere knocking him straight back into a table, upsetting the people's drinks. Jim recovered quickly though and turned to return the favor, but since he was drunk the gang quickly overpowered him. Soon the crowd quit drinking and gambling and turned to watch as Clyde and two of his goons pinned Jim to an unused table setting him wide open to a punishing beating. The music even stopped and several bystanders left to search for the authorities while the bartenders retreated to the kitchen. Uhura looked the most frightened out of everyone, but she finally summoned up enough courage to step in after a few of her friends walked in looking for her and noticed the brawl. "Clyde!...Guys! He's had enough!" Uhura tried to shout over the noise of the crowd, but no one was listening to her. A shrill whistle suddenly cut through the air and Clyde stopped mid punch when he recognized the sound. "Captain Pike!" Uhura blanched when she saw who was standing in the main entrance flanked by a few lower standing officials from Starfleet. Captain Pike ignored her. "Outside! All of you!" He ordered glaring at Clyde before shifting his gaze about the room. "Now!" Everyone scrambled to comply. The only one who didn't move was Jim who was left bleeding quite profusely from his nose after Clyde dropped him on the table. Captain Pike slowly made his way across the room to him, his gaze softening instantly. "You all right, Son?" He asked, recognizing something slightly familiar about the boy. Jim spit out a tooth. "You can whistle really loud, you know that?" He slurred. Captain Pike snorted. "How much have you had to drink?" He reached over to give the young man a hand up from the table and Jim gratefully accepted it. "Just a few." He stumbled sideways again the minute Captain Pike released his grip, but he managed to catch himself on the bar before he threw up. Pike and the Bartender grimaced. "What's your name, Son?" He turned to grab some napkins from a nearby abandoned table as the bartender turned to get a bucket and a rag. Jim sniffed. "His name's Kirk. Jim Kirk. He's a local. Makes a mess here every night in my establishment. It's nothing new." The bartender grumbled as he cleaned up the vomit puddle on his bar. Captain Pike gaped at him at that. "Kirk, you say?" He returned his gaze to Jim. "You wouldn't happen to be related to Katarina Kirk by any chance?" He set his hands on his hip. Jim smiled sloppily. "What didn't she ever tell you about me?" He collapsed into a stool and grimaced when his nose started to throb. Pike joined him and offered him the napkins. "No. Kat never talks about her family. Of course, she never fooled me for an instant. The Kirk gene is hard to suppress." He smiled and leaned lightly on his elbow against the counter. "You look just like your Father, you know that?" Jim laughed bitterly at that. "You knew my Father too?" He asked. He rolled up a couple of the napkins and stuck them into his nostrils very delicately. Pike nodded. "Yes. He was a great man. I wrote my disertation on him after he died protecting 800 people on the U.S.S. Kelvin. Including you and Mother and Sister if I remember." Captain Pike grabbed a bottle, which Jim had been drinking from earlier and poured two shot glasses. Jim rolled his eyes. "Yeah. My Mom was never the same after he died or so I was told. All I know is that she got really depressed then she got re-married to a drunkard off the streets eventually chasing Kat away when she was fifteen. Never really saw her again after that until tonight." He reached to take a shot glass. Pike raised an eyebrow. "And you were still able to recognize her after all this time?" He seemed curious. Jim shrugged. "Well, She never came home after she got admitted to that boarding school, but up until she graduated and signed on to the Academy she sent letters and pictures home for Mom to see. She really hasn't changed much since her last message you know?" He gulped down his drink. Pike smiled sadly. "I guess not. Did you know that your sister got married while she was at Starfleet?" He raised his glass to his lips to take a sip as Jim raised an eyebrow. "Really? To who?" He leaned closer to the Captain. Pike shrugged. "I don't think she'd want me to tell. Kat you know, likes to keep her personal life personal and I respect her for that." He finished his glass and slid it across the counter. Jim sighed. "It's because she hates us." He muttered and finished his drink. Captain Pike frowned. "Why would you say that?" He asked as if shocked. Jim snorted. "I don't know...because I'm a drunk like my Stepfather was. Johnny was the only one who tried to protect us, but he left for miltary school when I was six. And Mom? Well she's the one who married the dirtbag in the first place." He closed his fist tightly around the remaining napkin. Pike stared at the ground. "I see...that explains so much." He said the last part more to himself than to Jim. Jim coughed and reached for an empty shot glass. "What?" "Nothing." Captain Pike shook his head. "I should be getting back to the academy. Got to give those boys a talking to and make sure the others are all right. It was quite the brawl you started you know." He started to get up from his stool and stopped though Jim barely gave him a second glance. "I didn't start it." "Why don't you come with me?" Captain Pike cut him off. Jim choked on his spit. "Excuse me?" "Sign up for Starfleet. Tomorrow a transport shuttle will be picking up potential trainees and if you're anything like your Father was I know we'll be able to use you." Pike turned slightly on his heel to gauge the younger man's reaction. "Plus, it may give you the chance to catch up with your sister properly after all this time you guys spent away from each other." Jim scoffed at the idea. "Yeah I don't think Kat would be too thrilled to see me." He absently grabbed an empty shot glass. Pike chuckled. "You think? She might change her mind if you sober up and find something other than brawling to occupy your time." He turned to walk out of the pub. Jim did not respond. As Pike reached the door and he stopped to glance over his shoulder. "By the way, the shuttle leaves at 0800 sharp tomorrow morning so if you decide to join, don't be late." He smiled, pleased to see Jim looking a bit more thoughtful now as he swirled his glass in his hand. "Don't worry. I won't." ...
(Here's Chapter 3. :) I hope you're enjoying it so far. If not. If I need to take this down and do some intense rewriting please let me know as nicely as is possible haha. I own nothing but Kat. Hope you enjoy!) ... Part 3 ... "Aren't you going to meet the new recruits today?" Spock conversationally questioned his wife when he came upon her in her office the next morning seemingly kept busy by her students' Alien Culture Essays. Kat had hardly spoken a word to him or to anyone since she came home last night from the bar and Spock, despite his usual calm and seemingly emotionless state of mind was worried about her. Especially since his wife never frequented the pub. "Yes. Right after I file these essays and finalize a meeting I have with a student concerning her thesis assignment." Kat frowned and nudged her chair aside with her foot before turning to head out the door. Spock did not budge to let her pass. "Kat." He took a step towards her to keep her from leaving the room. "Please tell me what is interfering with your usual calm sense of mind." His voice was flat and he spoke in his usual prim logical sense of speech, but Kat could hear the slight tinge of emotion that to her always coated every word he spoke to her. "Later. We have work to do." Her answer came soft and barely audible, but Spock picked it up. "No. Now." He reached up and restrained her by her arm keeping her from leaving as she attempted to slip right by him. "Let me be of assistance." Kat gave him a tight lipped smile that neither comforted or assuaged her husband's worry. "I'll be all right." She gently wrenched herself free from the Vulcan's grasp and hurried to steady a stack of small PADDs she held under her arm. "I promise, we'll talk once our duties for the day are over. I will make dinner." Spock sighed and suppressed the emotions that coursed through him before turning to follow after her. "May at least accompany you to the administrative offices?" He reached to take her hand and squeezed it before releasing his grip. Kat smiled at the gesture. "I'd like that very much, Mr. Spock." She took his hand and squeezed it before releasing her grip again. Spock uttered a ghost of a smile. ... "So many." Kat barely breathed as she watched the shuttles empty below her. Most of the people looked nervous though some wore blank expressions and a few fidgeted as various Starfleet officers shifted them into place in line. "Not exactly the most promising in appearance." Spock lightly flexed his shoulders as he followed his wife's gaze down at the new recruits. Kat emitted a smirk and lightly jabbed the Vulcan with her fist."Was I so promising to you when I first arrived at the Academy?" She let her arms rest at her sides. Spock raised an eyebrow. "Perhaps you raise a valid point." His lips twitched into what could have been a smile, but Kat couldn't be sure. All the same she jabbed him again playfully. "All right! At ease Ladies and Gentleman! My name is Lieutenant Carpenter and on behalf of Starfleet I welcome you to the Academy! Please answer and raise your hand when I call your name. Zeflin, Charmar?" An officer dressed in plain grey uniform read from the top of a long list compiled to his PADD. Kat and Spock just listened in silence for awhile as the names were called and responses floated about the hall. "Kirk...James Tiberius!" Lieutenant Carpenter shifted his gaze quickly from the PADD back to the crowd as he read the name. Kat gasped as a long muscular arm poked its way over the top of a blonde haired girl's head near the back of the room. "Here!" "Kirk?" Spock turned to set his gaze back on Katarina. Kat just shook her head. "What is he doing here?" She wondered more to herself than to her husband. Spock shrugged his shoulders. "Perhaps, he was inspired to join by your work here." He suggested cheerfully, but this time Kat did not share his cheer. "I never sent him any messages after I found out he was visiting whore houses and paying them for services." She bit her lip and turned away from the crowd. "Just to my Mother and she is dead now." Her voice fell into a whisper. Spock's eyebrows sky rocketed to the top of his forehead. "She is dead?" His voice broke slightly and Kat flinched when she heard him repeat her words. "Yes." "When?" He turned his attention away from the cadets. "Why did you not speak of this before?" His gaze pierced into the solemnity of Kat's stare. "Because it was too hard last night." Kat shrugged and averted her gaze. "Jim was drunk when he told me, but I know that it's true. He said she was killed last week and that was the last time I heard from her." She clenched her jaw and squeezed the railing beneath her hand. Spock frowned and leaned subtly to be closer to his wife. "I am sorry." He lowered his voice. "If there is any way that I may be of some consolation to you, please let me know." He studied her watery gaze seemingly with a studious intent. Kat shook her head. "You are already being a consolation." She reassured him. "Just by being here and caring for me, you are giving me everything I need to function right now." She smiled slightly and reached hesitantly to interlace her fingers with his again. Spock basked her gesture. "Perhaps in view of these circumstances it would be wise to take a leave absence from Starfleet." He spoke in a soft dull whisper that as usual was devoid of any outer emotion. "We could seek to take a voyage to Vulcan and visit my Mother and Father in the Capitol. There you may find it easier to recuperate your emotions before undertaking anymore strenuous assignments. A Starfleet Officer-." "Is only as good as her state of mind. I know, Spock." Kat cut him off, sighing as the new recruits began to disperse in small groups to find their lodging areas. Spock remained attentive to his spouse. "I can't afford to take a leave of absence right now. I have classes to teach here and cadets to mentor. There just isn't time for me to just leave simply because I may be emotionally compromised." Kat sighed and borrowed some of her husband's way of speaking as she sometimes did when speaking with him intimately. Spock inclined his head as if agreeing with her silently. "While I agree, I can arrange for things to be taken care of in your stead. For your case especially I'd happy to be do so." He spoke softly while turning to leave the entrance area. Kat followed him. "You...happy?" She teased him slightly despite the situation. The corner of Spock's lip twitched barely noticeably at her jibe. "I was merely attempting to use some of your favored vernacular in order to bring across a certain idea." He seemed a little defensive. Kat let out a laugh as they walked out of the corridor. "I know." She walked up and lightly brushed a piece of lint from Spock's uniform. "I like to use yours too from time to time." Spock raised an eyebrow at her at that. ... "Ambassador Kirk! It is great to have you again. Commander Spock, as well." Lieutenant Carpenter respectfully bent at the waist saluting his superiors as they gracefully disembarked from the shuttle together. "Thank you, Lieutenant. I trust my students haven't been too much trouble for the past few weeks." Kat smiled, her eyes glowing with a vitality that had been missing from her in the days before she took her leave of absence. "No Ambassador, all except for your brother. He skipped class again today." The Lieutenant barely kept himself from rolling his eyes though Kat took it well humoredly. "Why am I not surprised? Don't worry Lieutenant I will speak with him. Spock?" She turned to address her husband and he nodded back to her. "As you were, Lieutenant." He nodded at the officer who bowed again before turning to attend to his other duties. ... "Kat! Hey! When did you get in? I tried to sneak out to meet you, but the Professor caught me crawling out the doorway." Jim grinned, his freshly pressed Starfleet Cadet uniform swishing as he walked towards her. Kat suppressed a smile. "0200 hours ago. Why did you sign up for Alien Cultures if you were just going to skip every lecture my sub was instructed to give?" She crossed her arms. Jim mimicked her posture. "Who is this husband I heard you married a couple years ago without telling anybody? Why wasn't I invited to the wedding?" He ignored her question. Kat shook her head at him. "Because there was no "wedding". We went through the ceremonial rituals at a Officiatory House off planet so we wouldn't have to compromise our positions on a mission we were both involved in at the time." She dug her fingernails into her elbow. "Besides you and Mom were invited so don't start with that." She started to walk past him, but Jim had longer legs than her so he caught up to her easily. "What do you mean were?" He almost snarled. Kat stopped walking and whirled around so fast, Jim felt the ends of her hair sting against his face. "You really don't remember? You didn't show because you were too hungover at Ashlyn's or Jessica's whatever and Mom was too busy trying to convince me to forgive Charlie again to really care that I had finally found happiness!" Jim winced as if Kat had just slapped him across the face. "Oh yeah...look Kat-." "Just get the reading done for class tomorrow. I won't be teaching till day after next since I'm overseeing the Kobi Yashi test, but I still expect you to be there fully prepared for discussion." Kat cut him off and turned to walk away down the hall. "Oh!...And leave Uhura alone." She tacked on at the last minute. Jim fell silent for a second. "What's his name?" He called after her, returning to his old smart allick self. Kat pretended not to hear him. ... "What are you so happy about?" A cross looking brown haired man scowled in Jim's direction as they left basic training class together along with a slew of other young cadets. "Why wouldn't I be happy, Bones? I get to retake the Kobi Yashi Maru test again this time with Kat supervising." Jim grinned as he skipped down the last steps. Bones felt his jaw drop the floor. "Are you serious? Why?" "Well I'm sure Kat pulled a few strings-." "No! I mean WHY in the bloody blue h*** are you taking the Kobi Yashi Maru again? No one in their right mind ever goes back for seconds on that exam, let alone a third!" Bones cut him off. Jim didn't answer him right away. "Hey! How's it going!" He nodded and grinned at a particularly attractive female cadet as she and her friend walked by him. "Jim! Stop trying to pick up girls and answer me, G**D*** it!" Bones gave his best friend a sound whap in the head with the case belonging to his PADD between his hands. Jim staggered slightly from the blow and turned to wince at the Med student before rubbing the spot on his forehead. "Ow! Why do you have to hit so hard?" He complained. Bones shot him a look, that if looks alone could kill would have sent Jim to the netherworld three seconds ago. "Fine. I'm trying to get Kat to talk to me. Happy?" Jim dropped his arm and turned to storm annoyedly away from the building where most of the classrooms in Starfleet were located. Bones followed. "Still? You mean she's still shutting you out? Even after you actually paid attention in class the other day and brought in one of her best students to be your co-pilot during your last exam?" He shifted his PADD between his hands. Jim let out a stiff irritated sigh. "She won't tell me anything, Bones. Not who her husband is, nothing! It's like she thinks I'm as bad as Charlie so she doesn't want anything to do with me!" Jim raised a fist and punched open the doors to the dormitory. "Either that or this is still about Mom." He grumbled slightly under his breath. The loud bang that ensued succeeded in startling both of the young men who were lounging in the foyer area at the moment watching a game on television. "Well...not to be insensitive, but you kind of earned it from her. I mean, going to get drunk at fifteen?...Missing her sixteenth birthday to go back some chick you just picked up at the fuel station?...Spending time with prostitutes instead of attending her wedding and hitting-." "Hey THAT was an accident and she knows that already!" Jim kicked his boots off the second his I.D. card granted him entrance to his room. Bones held up his arms defensively. "I'm just saying. This is a messy divide and if you want to fix it and make her trust you again it's going to take more than just a few half-a**ed attempts to impress her during class." He turned to shed his jacket and strolled to the kitchen to grab a drink. Jim sighed. "What do you suggest I do?" He asked, wearily plopping on his bed before grabbing the remote. Bones shrugged. "How about an apology gift? Flowers maybe congratulating her on her marriage? That's sure to get her attention at least for a little bit. Who knows? She might even bump up your grade in Cultures class." He joked, taking a sip of his beer and swallowing it before coming to join Jim in the in front of the TV. Jim turned his attention back to the Med student at that statement. "Yeah right. I'd have more of a chance by passing the Kobi Yashi Maru exam? You know it's rumored to be unbeatable by program." He grinned and turned to make himself more comfortable on the bed. Bones kept his attention on the television. "Or is it?" He kept his tone ominous as he lifted the can for a second sip of beer. Jim furrowed his eyebrows together. ... "He's back." Lieutenant Carpenter sing-songed as Spock and Kat entered the observatory platform above the simulation chamber where the Kobi Yashi Maru exams were held. Kat suppressed a groan when she saw which cadet was sitting in the "Captain's Chair" below. "Really? Again? Just how many more mornings do I have to put up with this?" She pulled up a crew chart on a monitor and quickly scanned the list of names indicating Jim's test partners before minimizing the window. "It appears he has chosen to bring Lieutenant Uhura with him again for this attempt." Spock observed quietly folding his arms behind his back. "A most astute choice for the test crew." Kat straightened from the control station. "I don't care WHO he brought, this needs to stop. This isn't making me want to talk to him." She turned and nodded for Lieutenant Carpenter to begin the simulation. Spock merely raised an eyebrow at his wife. "Perhaps in light of the circumstances, it would be prudent at this point to confront him, Dr. Kirk." He spoke, using her Instructor's title which he always did while they were at work. Kat shook her head. "No way. This doesn't change anything. He's still picking up girls everyday between classes and I caught him just yesterday trying to sneak two of them to his dorm last night." She wrinkled her nose in disgust and leaned over to observe the test platform. "He's lucky I didn't report him to the Lodging Master." Spock quietly leaned over to do the same, but across the observatory from her. "What is he doing?" Lieutenant Carpenter frowned, confused as he enlarged a webcam reading of the testers on his computer. Kat peered at the group. "Oh my God! Is he not taking this test seriously anymore? Honestly! How am I related to this joker?" She slammed her palm on an unencumbered surface of the control panel as the simulation continued. Lieutenant Carpenter just shrugged. "He's not doing anything." One of the test monitors suddenly went rigid in his seat as his readouts showed that the simulation battleship was at 10% shield capacity. Kat sighed and shook her head dismissively before straightening to a full standing position. Spock frowned as the red lights glared through the window reflecting off of his pale marble like face. His gaze was fixed subtly on Kat, taking note of every dark line that encircled the under side of her eyelids. She was exhausted and despite her attempts to hide it, Spock's suspicions were confirmed when she turned to stifle a yawn rubbing at her eyes in a manner that indicated she was worn out. He started to address her knowing that her continuing nightmares, seemingly worsened by her Mother's passing were keeping her from getting the rest she needed when one of the test overseers interrupted the moment. "Whoa! What's happening?" The Lieutenant started to panic when the power suddenly shut off in the middle of the exam covering everyone in the observatory platform and the simulation chamber below in complete darkness. Spock and Kat looked up simultaneously at each other as the frantic voices of the technicians filled the room. "Strange." Spock murmured half to himself and half to Kat. Kat remained silent as Lieutenant Carpenter attempted to contact the Chief Electrical Engineer using his personal portable COMM. Spock meanwhile turned to address one of the mechanics who was in the room. "Lieutenant, please engage the emergency power unit." He ordered, not wanting the examination to be halted any further from this point. The young woman before him started to nod and turned to look for the hatch into the power chamber when the lights flickered back on and the hum of the machinery filled the observatory. Stunned and momentarily disoriented, the test monitors quickly scrambled to pull up the test readouts on the computer while Kat leaned back towards the window. "Holy Chizz!" One of the monitor hissed before swiveling in his chair to face Spock. "Sir! You're going to want to see this!" He motioned to the screen and Spock leaned forward over the screen. "Oh my God!" Kat breathed at the same time Spock finished scanning the readout. He straightened instantly and crossed the room to join Kat at the window. "He's successfully destroyed and incapacitated all enemy warships securing the rescue of the Kobi Yashi fleet." He murmured clearly not pleased despite the magnitude of Jim's accomplishment. Kat shook her head. "He passed the test!...How did he do that, Spock? You said it was unwinnable." She turned to question the Commander. Spock merely inclined his head. "I do not know." He turned immediately on his heel to leave the observatory as the exam proctor called for the test to close out. Kat sighed as she heard the muffled cheers coming from below. "Something's not right." She shook her head and turned to address one of the test monitors, bending over the screen of his computer as she did so. "Lieutenant, please bring up a complete readout of today's test progress." ...
(Chapter 4. :) I own nothing but Kat. Hope you enjoy!) ... Part 4 ... "Jim Kirk. Will you please rise and approach the defendant's stand?" Jim suppressed a sigh and stood reluctantly from his seat, avoiding all eyes save for Bones as he made his way to the small podium set on the right hand side of the court room. "Cadet Kirk, evidence has been submitted to this council suggesting that you violated the ethical code of conduct persuant to regulation 17.43 of the Starfleet code." The Head of the Academic Honor Council continued to speak as Jim approached the stand, the small microphone barely tickling the under side of his chin. "Cadet Kirk, is there anything you'd like to say for yourself before we begin?" The calm calculating man softly inclined his body higher in his seat as he awaited the younger man's response. Jim took this opportunity to softly clear his throat before responding. "Yes Sir. I believe I have the right to face my accuser or accusers directly?" He shifted his weight from one foot to the together anxiously. A soft rustle caught his attention and Jim turned his attention away from the Council just as the Head Chairman motioned with his arm to the right side of the auditorium. His soft blue grey eyes met the cold emotionless stare of the Vulcan Science Instructor who stood quietly from his seat, straightening his tunic before descending down the stairs. Behind him, Jim saw that his sister was glaring at him, her arms crossed severly across her chest while her foot tapped in mid air. He quickly averted his gaze. ... "This is Commander Spock. He is one of our most distinguished graduates. He's programmed the Kobi Yashi Maru for the last four years." Admiral Komack spoke in his usual clipped voice as Spock made his way to the stand directly to the left of Jim's position. Kat clenched her jaw as she watched the frustration flicker in her younger brother's eyes for a minute. "Cadet Kirk," Spock began without pause and with no break in his voice as usual. "You have somehow managed to install and activate a sub routine in the programming code thereby changing the conditions of the test as brought to my attention by the test's Head Administrator Dr. Katarina Kirk." Jim squirmed slightly at this revelation. "Your point being?" He asked trying to sound unconcerned, but his expression betrayed him to the council. "An academic vernacular. You cheated." Komack cut in, fixing the cadet with a serious stare. The crowd began to murmur. "Well let me ask you something, I think we all know the answer to," Jim continued without meeting the gaze of the Vulcan next to him. "The test itself is a cheat, is it not? I mean you specifically programmed it to be unwinnable, if I'm not mistaken." He fixed his gaze at the front of the room. Spock inclined his head in a confident manner at Jim's short speech. "Your argument precludes the possibility of a no win scenario." "No, I don't believe in no win scenarios." Jim quickly rebuffed his retort. Kat straightened in her seat. "Then not only did you violate the rules, you also failed to learn the principle lesson of the exam." Spock remained calm though Kat could sense he was getting slightly irritated by the slight incline of his tone and the way his arms stiffened behind his back. "Please enlighten me." Jim invited though his tone held more insolence than reverence. "You of all people should know, Cadet Kirk. A Captain cannot cheat death." Spock spoke the words calmly despite the magnitude of their meaning to the Cadet and to his wife sitting behind him. Kat dug her nails into the arm of her seat. I told him not to go there. She hissed silently to herself while the room started buzzing again. Jim clearly was affected by Spock's remark as well, but as per usual he attempted not to show it. "I of all people." He muttered, the break only barely audible in his voice. "Your Father, Lieutenant George Kirk assumed command of his vessel shortly before being killed in battle, did he not?" Spock continued as if nothing were wrong. Kat felt a tremble shimmer through her body. "Daddy, where are you?" *Crash* "Sweetheart, I can't be with you right now! Can you hear me?" "Time to Destination in ten seconds." "I don't think you like the fact that I beat your test." Jim fired back eliciting a response equal to the ferocity of his own to his Vulcan superior. "Furthermore in your ill respect for our programs you have failed to divine the exact purpose of the test." Spock fixed the Cadet with a most severe gaze. This time Jim was barely fazed. "Enlighten me again." He almost growled. "Hey!...Dr. Kirk, are you all right?" One of the senior cadets seated closest to the instructor leaned over and tapped on Kat's slightly shaking shoulder. Kat gave no response. "Katy, listen to me! I can't be with you so I need you to promise me something...!" *crackle* "Daddy!" "I love you both so much!..I love-!* "The purpose is to experience fear," Spock began, his gaze now fixed intently on the stubborn cadet. "Fear in the face of certain death. To accept that fear while maintaining control of oneself and one's crew. This is a quality expected every Starfleet Captain, Cadet Kirk and one the Kobi Yashi Maru was specifically designed to test." "Dr. Kirk!" The Cadet gently shook Kat again and this time she reacted, gasping almost too audibly as if she were waking from another nightmare. Only this time, she wasn't dreaming. She wasn't at home and Spock wasn't there to shake the horrible visions out of her mind. "I'm fine." She hastily brushed her student's arm away just as Spock turned his gaze sharply over his shoulder. For a second, Kat thought he had heard her gasp, but at that exact moment the doors behind her slid open and a young officer dressed in a Starfleet Security Guard's uniform briskly walked across the hall holding a PADD in his hand. "Excuse me, Admiral." He placed the device on the Head Councilman's desk then bowed stiffly before excusing himself from the room. Komack glanced at it briefly before looking up to address the entire room from his seat. "We've recieved a distress call from Vulcan and with our primary fleet engaged in the Lorentian system I hereby order all cadets to report to Hanger One immediately. Court dismissed!" The gavel sounded and the room quickly began to empty. Kat stood quickly as the tightness in her chest continued to inhibit her ability to behave normally. She stumbled slightly and almost lost her balance when Spock turned his gaze swiftly back to her again from the ground level of the auditorium. Flushing, Kat turned just as swiftly to leave the room missing the look of concern he shot her inconspicuously from his position. "My own sister turns me in." Jim growled, not moving from his spot as Spock quickly vacated the premises following the other officers and cadets. "Well what'd you expect?" Bones came up behind him. "She's an Instructor and the Test's main administrator. Plus she hates you." He shrugged. Jim just scowled at him. "Not helping, Bones." ... "Ambassador Kirk, are you all right?" Dr. Ferrell stood immediately erect upon noticing the young Starfleet Officer's quick and abrupt entrance in the Sick Bay. "I'm fine, Dr. Ferrell. I just need a quick physical diagnostic scan. Please check specifically for any signs of an abnormal respiratory condition." She quickly placed herself on a bio bed, fumbling with the restraining straps before the nurse could get to her. Dr. Ferrell frowned as he watched the young woman gasp for air beside him. "Have your symptoms been persistant, Ambassador Kirk?" He moved to retreive the proper equipment from a table. "When did you first have trouble breathing?" He bent to run a basic vital scan. "Just for a few minutes ago during the Academic Hearing at the court." Kat breathed as the doctor quickly finished the scan. "They usually occur after one of my nightmares, but today it just started... out of nowhere." She attempted to take a deep breath. "I see." Dr. Ferrell nodded as he turned to record the results into his patient's medical file. "I will try and make this quick then, Dr. Kirk. I know you must have been assigned to report for immediate duty concerning the distress call from Vulcan." He picked up another device just as Kat took another shallow breath. "Yes, thank you, Dr. Ferrell." She thanked him gratefully. Dr. Ferrell nodded his head. ... "Well, it seems your respiratory functions are perfectly uninhibited. Everything is checking out as normal except for your anxiety level." Dr. Ferrell put away the probe after completing a final scan on his patient. Kat narrowed her eyes at his diagnosis. "Anxiety?" She took another shallowly inhaled breath. "Yes, I'll have a prescription written out for you immediately for anti-anxiety drops. They should help with the panic attacks given a few minutes after oral consumption." Dr. Ferrell licked his lips nervously before turning to enter the information into a medical report. "As for the sleep disturbances, I can only suggest that you continue meeting with Dr. Manner regularly in the Psychology Department." He stood from his chair. Kat rolled her eyes at that. "Great." She started to unstrap herself when the Doctor stopped her. "Wait Ambassador, there is one more thing the scanner picked up." He looked up from his PADD with a slight smile. "According to these readouts Dr. Kirk, you are currently carrying a three week old fetus. Congratulations." He looked up to meet the Starfleet Officer's eyes expecting for her to become excited. Instead Kat just blanched. "Excuse me?" ...
(Chapter 5. :) I own nothing but Kat. Hope you enjoy!) ... Part 5 ... "You're late." Captain Pike noted with little concern as Kat briskly entered the bridge of the Enterprise reporting in. "My apologies, Captain." Katarina briefly met Spock's gaze before turning her attention to the data in front of her. " I was held up at the Medical Bay." This roused Spock's attention. "Are you not well, Ambassador?" He inquired as usual in his soft, prim seemingly uncaring tone though Kat could always see right through him. "Quite well, thank you. It was just a precautionary exam. Shall we proceed?" She directed her question at Captain Pike. "Very well. Pilot proceed to activate the ship's main engines. You are cleared for take off." Pike settled back into his seat. Spock swiveled back around at his post, hands poised over the holo-keypad as the pilot consented the order. "Yes Sir." He reached to pull down on the warp speed propeller. The ship jerked forward as the engines ignited, but to the immense surprise of the bridge crew it did not leave the docking area after the others. Kat and Spock turned slightly in their seats. "Lieutenant?" Captain Pike glanced warily behind him. "Where is Helmsman McKenna?" "He has lung worm, Sir. He couldn't report to his post." A nearby controlsman answered almost readily to the Captain's question as the pilot swiveled around in his seat. "I am his replacement. Hikaru Sulu, Sir." Captain Pike inclined his head to the side. "And you are also a pilot, correct?" He questioned. Sulu nodded his head. "Oh very much so, Sir." He turned back to fiddle with the launch controls. "I'm..not sure what's wrong." He flipped on a ship monitor screen. "Well is the parking brake on?" Captain Pike asked. Sulu shook his head. "Uh no Sir. I'll figure it out-." "Are the fuel generators empty?" Kat cut him off. "No Ma'am. I do believe-." "Did you disengage the external intial dampler?" Spock asked without missing a beat. A short silence fell over the bridge at this and Kat saw the young pilot's shoulders drop in a manner that was defeated and somewhat embarrassed as he reached to hit the appropriate switches. "Ready for warp, Sir." He responded after a minute. Kat turned back around in her seat as a soft humming began to fill the ship. "Let's punch it then." Pike settled back in his seat. Sulu wordlessly reached for the warp switch and pushed it forward. Kat waited till the ship was floating in a constant setting of speed before pulling up a communications link to Vulcan. As Ambassador and not to mention daughter in law to one of Vulcan's highest officials, Kat knew it was her duty to attempt to contact them first in order to assure the Vulcan Order of Starfleet's response to the distress message. "Ah, Ambassador Kirk. How good it is to see you at this time." The Prime Minister of Vulcan spoke cordially yet pleasantly as he answered Kat's transmission. Kat nodded her head. "Of course, Prime Minister. Please inform the Council that Starfleet has recieved your distress call and we are currently making way to assist and rescue your people." She sat up in her seat, faintly aware of the message Chekov was broadcasting over the ship's intercom. "Very good, Ambassador. I will relay your message and await your arrival. Thank you for making contact." The Prime Minister bowed then reached to disconnect the transmission. Kat smiled. "Thank you, Prime Minister." She sat back in her seat and sighed as the screen before her went blank. She hoped they would get to Vulcan in time. Just the thought of her dear Mother and Father-in-law in danger was enough to make her heart start to race a little again though not at an alarming rate like before. "You seem unwell, Ambassador." Spock's calm and seemingly emotionless voice caught her off guard slightly. "Not at all, Commander. On the contrary I've never been better." Kat smiled slightly as she leaned back against the flexible spine of her chair, recalling what Dr. Ferrell had told her just moments before she had arrived at the Enterprise. Spock's eyebrows rose a little at the unusual glow he heard in her voice. "I beg your pardon, Ambassador, but pray what do you mean by that?" Kat started to elaborate, suddenly eager to relate the news when the entry way into the Bridge whooshed suddenly open and three pairs of frantic footsteps thundered onto the deck. "Jim! Stop! I mean it! You're going to make your symptoms worse!" Bones panted as Uhura almost crashed right into him. Captain Pike stood abruptly from his seat upon noticing them. "Kirk! How the h*** did you get aboard this ship?" He looked from Jim to Bones and Uhura looking for an explanation. Spock quickly rose from his seat. "Sir, this man is under the effects of a severe reaction to a hypo-vaccination. I'll accept full responsibility for his presence." Bones tried to be direct, but Jim deflected his efforts. "Captain, you have to stop the ship! We're headed for a trap!" "A trap?" Captain Pike seemed incredulous. "Cadet Kirk, I think you've had enough public attention for one day! McCoy please escort him back to Medical Bay!" He turned to return to his seat. Bones started to reach for his friend by the arm, but Jim reluctantly pulled away. "No Sir! You don't understand! You have to listen to me! Vulcan isn't experiencing a natural disaster! It's being attacked by Romulans! We have to stop the ship!" He insisted. This made Kat turned her attention to the arguement. "Romulans?" She asked, though no one even twitched in her direction. "Captain! Cadet Kirk is not cleared to be aboard this ship. I suggest immediate action be taken to ensure-." Spock started to cut in, but Jim only fired back harder. "Try it! This Cadet is trying to save the ship!" He spat silencing everyone save for Spock on the bridge. "By recommending a full scale halt in the middle of warpspeed during a rescue mission? On what facts, Cadet do you ground these allegations?" He furrowed his eyebrows in evident disapproval of Jim's actions. Kat watched Jim take a deep breath. "That same anomaly you spoke of earlier, the lightening storm in space also occured on the night of my birth, before a Romulan vessel attacked the U.S.S. Kelvin and its occupants. You know that Sir, I read your dissertation." He added quietly to the Captain. "It's true Sir." Kat put in before Spock could continue to argue. Despite how young she was the night her little brother was born, Kat could remember clearly the chaos of that one final voyage the Kelvin had made. She certainly couldn't forget what she had seen or heard that night after the Captain died on his way to negotiate peace terms with the Romulan leader. The terrible prongs protuding from the ship. The way the Kelvin had shook and crumbled terribly under the weight of enemy fire. The explosions...the screams... "Ambassador Kirk-." Captain Pike started to reprimand her, but Jim cut him off. "That ship, which was in possession of formidable advanced weaponry was neither seen or heard from again until last night when there was an attack. 47 Klingon warbirds Sir, were destroyed by Romulans, and they were all in one ship! One massive ship!" Captain Pike held up a hand to silence him. "And you know of this Klingon attack, how?" He asked, his voice quiet and stiff with disapproval. Jim's gaze moved immediately to Uhura. "Sir, I intercepted and translated the message myself. Kirk's report is accurate." The younger lieutenant spoke quietly though her statement finally had her superiors listening to their plight. Kat exhaled softly. "Sir, if you continue to warp on, we'll be exiting into a trap. The Romulans will be waiting I promise you." Jim added on. The seriousness in his gaze surprised Kat a little. "The Cadet's logic is sound." Spock concluded a bit reluctantly after a while as he stepped away from Jim to address the Captain."And as Lieutentant Uhura is unmatched in xenolinguistics we would be wise to accept her conclusion." Pike nodded his head in agreement with him. "Very well then. Lieutenant Uhura, you are fluent in Romulan, am I correct?" He asked, taking on his normal commandeering tone as he made eye contact with Uhura. "Yes Sir, all three dialects." The Cadet smiled proudly. Kat smiled too. "Good, then search the area for any type of Romulan transmissions and intercept them immediately for a full scan." Pike motioned vaguely with his arm towards the Communications Panel on his left. Uhura nodded and eagerly set to her new task while the Captain resumed his former post at his seat. "Ambassador Kirk, if you would please recontact the Prime Minister of Vulcan." Kat nodded her head and turned to resume her duties. "Right away, Sir." She sat back in her chair and swiveled back around to face her monitor. "Captain? I'm not detecting any Romulan Transmissions. Or transmissions of any kind in the area." Uhura spoke up a few minutes later worried. Kat frowned as an error message flashed onto her screen. "She's right, Sir. My communication with the Prime Minister of Vulcan isn't going through either. Something's wrong or blocking the transmission." She frowned and tried again to enter the transmission code. "No it's because they're being attacked." Jim answered bluntly earning a cautionary look from Bones. Captain Pike sank into his chair. "Shields up. Red alert." He ordered just as the ship dropped out of warp speed. Kat grabbed onto the control board as the ship rattled to a halt. "Holy..." One of the navigators swore under his breath as dilapidated remains of the other ships whizzed hazardously around the Enterprise. Uhura gasped and Bones paled hardening his expression as Captain Pike shouted his next orders. "Emergency evasive! Drop us right under it, Mr. Sulu!" "Yes Sir!" The young pilot scrambled to tighten his control over the ship. Kat gasped as she peered around his shoulder and saw the debris fly past the main window screen. Every one of those vessels once carried a crew of Starfleet officers and cadets many of whom where Kat's co-workers, friends and students. Now they were all gone. Dead. Slaughtered like pigs before the harvest. "Sir! They're firing at us!" Sulu's voice climbed as he desperately wrestled with the controls in front of him. Kat started to reach for her restaints when the ship took fire, causing enough damage and impact to cause her to fall forward from her chair. "Kat!" Jim scrambled across the bridge as the firing continued. Kat grabbed onto the arm of her chair just as Jim reached her side. "I'm fine!" She pushed him away though not as harshly as she usually did and pulled herself back into her seat. The firing stopped just as she hit the button releasing her restraint bands. Spock gazed from the direction of the Kirks to the Captain just as a transmission signal cut through the sizzling quiet. "Captain, we're being hailed." Uhura reported from her seat at the Communcations board. Pike waved for her to bring up the transmission and the face of a very powerful looking Romulan appeared on the screen. "Hello." The Romulan cocked his head to the side. Pike leaned back in his seat studying the Romulan before giving a response. "I'm Captain Christopher Pike to whom am I speaking?" He asked quite calmly given the current circumstances. The Romulan gave a little nod. "Hi Christopher I'm Nero." He stated as if verifying his order at a fast food restaurant. Kat suppressed a shiver at the coldness she saw in his eyes. "You've declared war on the federation. Withdraw. I will agree to arrange a private conference with Romulan leadership at a neutral location." Pike started to negotiate but Nero cut him off. "I do not speak for the empire! I stand alone as does your Vulcan crew member." He turned his gaze away from Pike. "Isn't that right, Spock?" Kat, Jim and Bones turned to face Spock at his statement. Spock rose from his chair. "Pardon me, I do not believe you and I were formally acquainted." He raised an eyebrow confused at the Romulan. Kat looked up at him as he stopped right next to her station behind Pike's chair. "No we're not...not yet." Nero paused sitting back in his chair away from the screen. "There is something I'd like you to see, Spock." He smiled slightly causing a shiver to race up Kat's spine. This was the same man who killed her Father. He killed almost the entire crew of the U.S.S. Kelvin and he almost killed her and her Mother and Brother as well. She'd have to be the biggest fool on the west side of the galaxy to trust a single drop of the cordialty she could hear in the Romulan's voice. "Spock," She started to address her husband, when Nero cut in again. "Captain Pike, your transporter has been disabled." The Romulan swiftly returned his attention to Pike. "As you can see by the remains of the rest of your armada you have no choice. You will man a shuttle and come aboard the Narada for negotiation. That is all." Nero cut the transmission leaving the rest of the crew to contemplate his offer in silence. "Sir, he'll kill you. You know that." Jim finally spoke up despite his rank as Kat undid her restraints. "Your survival is unlikely." Spock agreed. Kat bit her lip. "Sir, with all due respect," She raised her hand. "I'm afraid we'd gain nothing from diplomacy at this point. Going over to that ship is a mistake." She pleaded softly with the Captain whilst still maintaining most of her dignity as a high ranking Starfleet official. Spock nodded his head. "I too agree, you should rethink your strategy." He put in, his dark almond shape eyes portraying concern as the Captain rose from his seat. "I understand." He glanced briefly over at his highest ranking officers then turned to exit the bridge. "I need officers with training in high level hand to hand combat." He stated blatantly telling Spock and Kat in not so many words that he intended to meet with Nero. Kat felt her heart sink. "I have training Sir." Sulu raised his hand. Pike nodded his head at him. "Good. Jim Kirk you're coming with me too. You're not supposed to be here anyway. Chekov, you have the con." He ordered before exiting from the bridge. "Aye Sir!" Chekov confirmed his orders and leaned forward to check their position while Jim and Sulu followed the Captain out to the shuttle bay. Spock turned to follow their example, but not before he gave his wife a soft look over his shoulder. Kat nodded reassuring him before turning to reassume her post. The doors slid noisely shut behind him. ...
(Chapter 6. Hope you like it :) I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 6 ... Transmission interrupted. "Blast it!" Kat punched the holopad with the edge of her knuckles, glaring at the screen as an error message blinked mockingly in front of her. Transmission interrupted. Message cannot be sent. "Ambassador Kirk!" Spock briskly re-entered the bridge. Kat swiveled sharply in her seat. "Yes Comma...Captain!" She quickly corrected herself upon realizing that her husband had returned alone to assume command. That could mean only one thing in a situation like this. "Have you been able to make contact with the Vulcan High Council?" Spock quickly assumed the Captain's seat confirming Kat's suspicions as a brief glint of worry flashed across his eyes. Kat shook her head. "Negative. Until we deactivate the drill there's no way I'll be able to re-communicate with the Prime Minister. I'm being blocked on every access! Every radiowave..." She turned to give Spock a soft apologetic look knowing despite the mask of cold indifference he wore that he was thinking of his family. Their family. "I'm sorry." "Very well." Spock nodded his head not missing a beat. "Then-." "Captain!" Chekov interrupted the conversation. "Captain! The jumpers have just been released from the shuttle! Current altitude at 6000 meters." Kat leaned forward in her seat. "Bring up the video!" Spock immediately nodded to the young ensign all tell tale signs of emotion and distress quickly smoothed from his demeanor as he leaned forward in his seat. "Approaching the platform at 5800 meters!" Chekov reported again as the three indicators marking the position of the three space jumpers moved steadily down to the drill machine below. Kat pulled up a miniature chart on her own console. "This is Kirk to Enterprise! Entering the atmosphere at 4800 meters!" Jim's voice cracked through the speakers after a few more minutes had passed. Kat took a deep breath and zoomed in on Jim's signal. "3000 meters!" Chekov reported again. "Mmm..." Kat groaned becoming suddenly nauseous as Sulu COMMed in to confirm Chekov's report. Spock's eyes twitched sharply in her direction. "Deploy chutes!" Jim cut in, interuptting whatever the Acting Captain had been about to say. Kat looked up and adjusted the position of her COMM as the whooshing of thick fabric and cables filtered into the ship's speakers. "Engineer Olson! Please activate and deploy your landing chute." Spock ordered calmly, noticing the warning indicator almost instantly as he redirected his attention to the three space jumpers again. Uhura rolled her eyes at the cheering that answered him. "Come on, Olson! Pull your chute!" Jim tried to shout over the noise of the wind pushing against his space chute. "Olson! Pull your chute!" Sulu chimed in. Kat watched and zoomed back out on her computer as the jumpers drew near the 1000 meters mark, close enough to the drilling platform to either land or miss depending on the circumstances. "1000 meters!" Olson reported in, finally deploying his chute as he passed the mark. Kat turned away from the screen, pretending to check the transmission converters on her computer station when the red indicator blinked and went out dying away with the sound of Olson's terrified screams. "O..Olson is gone, Sir!" Chekov exclaimed, readjusting the view on the main screen. The color drained from Uhura's face. "Ambassador Kirk, are you all right?" She asked, drawing Spock's attention away from the space jumpers. Kat immediately straightened in her seat. "I'm fine, Lieutenant. Back to your post." She pulled rank, avoiding Spock's gaze as she let her hand drop away from her mouth. Spock frowned, redirecting his attention back to the main screen as Jim's indicator hit the platform first. "Kirk has landed Sir!" Chekov smiled confirming what was shown on screen. Kat smiled and bent over her own console. "Excellent." She fiddled with the controls checking the transmission signal before bringing up a life line frequency chart. All right Little Brother. Don't screw this up. She zeroed in on Jim, not noticing the look Spock was giving her from the corner of his eye. ... "The jamming signal's gone! Communications have been re-established! Ambassador Kirk, can you re-connect with Vulcan?" Uhura turned eagerly around in her chair. Kat nodded her head at her former student. "Affirmative. Attempting contact with the Vulcun High Council now." She hit the proper key combination. A few seconds later, her Father In Law Sarek appeared on the screen. "Katarina." His greeting was solemn, serious yet Kat felt greatly relieved to see him. "Ambassador Sarek, this is Ambassador Kirk. Please inform the Prime Minister that a rescue attempt is currently underway. Stand by for assistance." She started to end the transmission. "I will pass on your message. Thank you, Ambassador Kirk." Sarek nodded his head using her professional name as he ended the transmission. Kat smiled concealingly at him. "Thank you, Ambassador Sarek." "Chekov, run gravitational sensors. I want to know what they're doing to the planet!" Spock turned to order the Ensign his tone firm and colorless as always. "Aye Commander!...Ah! Captain! Sorry! Captain!" Chekov hastily corrected himself. Kat turned when she felt Spock's gaze on her. "Kirk to Enterprise! They just launched something towards the planet from the ship! Do you copy Enterprise?" Jim suddenly came over the COMM shouting as he struggled to be heard over the noise of the Vulcan wind. Kat leaned over her husband's shoulder. "Captain! Gravitational sensors are off the chart! If my calculations are correct, that pod they released is creating a singularity that will..consume the planet." Chekov turned from his computer to report to the Captain. Kat felt the blood drain from her face at the horrible implications behind Chekov's report as Spock quickly registered what the Ensign was saying. "They're creating a black hole at the center of Vulcan?" Chekov nodded his head at him. "Aye Sir." "How long does the planet have?" Kat asked, thinking immediately of her in-laws. Chekov practically wilted into his chair. "Minutes Ma'am...Minutes." He shook his head. Spock sprang from his seat. "Alert Vulcan Command Center to signal a planetwide evacuation! All channels! All frequencies! Maintain a standard orbit!" He gave the order to Kat before heading to the exit at the back of the bridge. Realizing what he was about to do, Kat got up to follow him, ordering Uhura to take over her duties temporarily before entering the turbo lift just minutes before Spock could close the door. "Spock wait! Where do you think you're going? Please don't tell me you're planning on going down there to evacuate everyone yourself!" She tried to hide her worry behind a mask of indignance, but it proved futile to her husband. "I must evacuate the Vulcan High Council. They are tasked with with protecting our cultural history and they will be in the Katrik Arc. My parents will be among them." He seemed calm and certain of his duty. Kat did not feel relieved in the slightest. "Let me come with you." She pleaded, hitting a button on the control panel before placing her hands on Spock's shoulders. "You'll never get them all out on your own, Spock. You need my help! I know the planet as well as any Vulcan does." "Kat." Spock gently removed her hands from him as the lift carried them down to the lower levels. "That is impossible and highly illogical of you. You must remain here and stay in contact with the Vulcan High Council until I make my return." He turned to leave the lift as the doors opened reaching the transporter level. Kat stepped into his path. "Spock?" She gently grabbed his arm preventing him from leaving her despite the urgency of the situation. "Ambassador Kirk, I must ask that you-." "Be careful." Kat cut him off, relinquishing her grip albeit reluctantly as Chekov's voice filtered cracklingly through the speakers. "I will." Spock nodded his head quite agreeably. "Promise me." Kat spoke through clenched teeth swallowing hard as people rushed to and fro behind them frantically. Spock cocked his head to the side. "Ambassador, considering the current circumstances-." "Just promise!" Kat raised her voice slightly. Spock raised an eyebrow at the break he heard in her voice. "Ambassador...is there something you'd like to tell me?" He asked, curious as he folded his arms lightly behind his back. Kat struggled for a minute to respond to him. "...Later." She forced on a smile. "The planet's running out of time." Spock straightened his posture at that. "Kat..." He started to protest, but Kat cut him off with a kiss. "Just go...Amanda and Sarek need you now more than I do. I'll stay here and monitor your frequency." She promised. Spock's gaze softened at that. "I will be back." He softly insisted. Kat nodded her head. "You'd better." She responded, stepping back into the lift before closing the doors. Spock waited till the lift started traveling back to the bridge before turning to sprint to the Transporter Chamber. ...
(Chapter 7. Hope you like it. It's a bit on the heavy side, but I still had fun writing it. :) I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 7 ... "His pulse rate is accelerating." Kat frowned as she monitored Spock's life signs from a computer back on the bridge. His tracking signal showed that he was at the entrance to the Katrik Arc. "Is it?" Uhura matched her look and peeked over her shoulder at the read out. Kat sighed and raked her hands through her hair. "Well I guess it's only noticeable to people who know him well." She muttered half to herself and half to Uhura as she continued studying the readouts in front of her. Uhura smiled concealingly at the Ambassador. "This Spock to Enterprise! Beam us back to the ship now!" Spock's voice suddenly crackled urgently through the speakers. Uhura suddenly became alert and Kat bolted forward in her seat scrambling with her Communicator as Chekov's voice responded from the Transporter room. "Spock! Did you find Amanda and Sarek in the Katrik Arc?" Kat asked, fighting to keep her voice steady. Spock's response came quickly. "Affirmative. Standing by to evacaute." He cut the communication. Kat sat back in her seat feeling greatly relieved when a siren began to wail. "What's happening?" A young officer seated directly behind screamed. Kat turned to make eye contact with the co-pilot Chekov left in charge, but he had no answers for her. Fearing the worst she tried to reconnect with Spock, but all she got in return for her efforts was the sound of a terrified woman's scream before the signal cut out. "Ah! No! I'm losing her! I'm losing her!" Chekov's voice began to climb. "She's being sucked in!" Another transport engineer chimed in with him. The COMM cut off and Kat bolted from her seat tearing across the bridge to get to the turbo lift. Uhura started to follow her. "Ambassador!" "Uhura, I need you stay and make sure the rest of Vulcan has been evacuated properly. They'll be headed for Starfleet. Try and make contact!" Kat briskly cut her off, not knowing for how long she would be able to keep her emotions at bay. Uhura recognized the serioiusness of the situation immediately and nodded her head, her gaze expressing sorrow yet hope for her former instructor as she stepped away from the lift. "Aye Ambassador." Kat closed the doors and quickly hit the button that would send her down to the transporter level. When the doors finally opened, Kat ran for the Transporter Room only find that she was too late and her worst fears had been realized. Spock was there standing on the beaming platform surrounded all eight members of the Vulcan High Council. There was one empty portal though and that was the one Spock was reaching out to, his eyes widened as if expecting someone to be there. Someone, he seemed desperate to grab straight out of thin air. "Ambassador Kirk." The Prime Minister noticed her first and his greeting drew the attention of the rest of the people gathered in the Transporter room. Jim turned sharply on his heel when he heard her name. "Kat?" He gaped at her, his face blanched and covered in sweat and grime. Kat barely glanced at him or at the Vulcan Prime Minister. Her eyes were focused on that one empty platform. The one she was sure, was supposed to have brought her Mother-in-Law in out of danger. But she wasn't here. She didn't get beamed up...they were too late. "Kat." Kat swallowed and looked up at the same Spock did to meet his gaze. "Is she...?" She asked even though she knew there was no point in asking. Spock dropped his gaze. ... "Acting Captain's Log. Stardate 2256.42." Spock's soft emotionless voice began to sound through the bridge as he began to record his first log on the Enterprise. The Vulcan High Councilmen had all been sent to the Sick bay to recieve medical attention as was Jim and Sulu who recieved minor injuries during a scuffle on the drill platform. Spock and Kat had returned to the bridge, alone with Chekov to reassume their duties though Kat could hardly shake herself out of her grief long enough to concentrate on what she was doing. "We've heard no word from Captain Pike. I have therefore classified him as a hostage of the war criminal known as Nero." Spock continued,no break in his voice as he continued to record. Kat grimaced at the sound of his name. Nero. Nero who stole Captain Pike...Nero who killed my Father! She bit her lip and tried to focus on the messages the other Vulcans who had managed escape sent into the Enterprise since she left the station in Uhura's control. Nero...who destroyed my family. "...I estimate no more than ten thousand survived, while the essence of our culture has been saved in the elders who now reside upon this ship..." Here Spock paused and the break in his speech made Kat look up from her work. "...I am now a member of an endangered species." Spock stared at the screen as if staring through a window. A portal with which he was glimpsing his Mother's final hours of life. Kat started to address him when he turned off the log recording, shot up from his seat and walked briskly for the turbo lift. Almost instantly, Uhura got up to take over for her superior as Kat got up to follow him from the bridge. Spock turned silently to gaze upon her as she entered the lift like before, his nearly concealed emotions telling her that he was still reeling from the shock. Kat suppressed a sigh as she turned to close the lift and hit a button that would send them down to the medical bay level of the ship. Spock watched her movements almost mechanically until the soft humming of the turbo lift filled the little chamber around them. "What do you need?" Kat asked, her voice soft and whispery echoing every bit of the sadness, hurt and grief that she knew her husband was feeling despite the blank look on his face. When Spock continued to stare at her, Kat came forward and blinked back her own tears as she enveloped him in a hug. "Spock please...tell me what you need." She pleaded, cradling him against her body. "Tell me..." Spock finally gave in. Kat gasped when she felt him lean nearly his whole body weight on her shoulder, burying his face into the crook of her neck as the turbo lift continued to carry them down. "I need..." He began speaking in a soft voice that sounded different from the Spock Kat was used to. Kat felt her heart break as she felt his heart pound noticeably faster against her own chest. "I need for everyone...to continue performing admirably." He looked up to meet her eyes, straightening himself so that he was no longer essentially crushing her under his weight. Kat continued to cradle his neck between the cups of her hands. She smiled slightly at his soft yet solemn request. "Okay. What else?" She asked as the turbo lift neared its destination. Spock raised an eyebrow at her. "I don't-." "Spock, you don't have to hold back on me...I'm your wife. I love you." Kat cut him off. Spock struggled to speak for a minute as Kat lovingly stroked the curve of his neck up to his cheek and to his ear with a compassionate look in her eyes. "I need..." He began, faltering as the lift reached the Medical Level. "...you." Kat smiled, but the expression was lost as the alarm sounded softly and stopped her husband from opening the door. Spock stared at their hands. "I loved her too..." She told him, knowing Spock would understand from the tone in her voice that she shared his grief as well. Of course she probably did not feel it in the same magnitude as Spock did. Kat had only known Amanda for a few years, but still she was closer to her than anyone else on the ship was save for Sarek. Plus she was the only Mother she had known since her own had become distant after marrying again. "I know." Spock looked up from the keypad, reaching to wipe away a few tears that had somehow escaped their owner's notice. Kat reached to hold his hand. "But it'll get better." She murmured half to herself as she leaned in closer to the man she loved most. Spock gave her a questioning look. "How?..." He asked, sounding strange even to himself. Spock was always sure of everything. Logic, as he so often reminded Kat provided for him a peace of mind that eluded most other species. He never needed to ask questions like how or why...until now that is. "Because...because you still have me." Kat squeezed his fingers. "I still have you...and soon we will have another to love and care for as well." She reached to stroke his hair. Spock furrowed his eyebrows together at her words. "Another?" He asked, bewildered and somewhat confused though Kat was smiling now as she looked at him. "Yes..." She paused and grabbed his hand pulling it from her face as her grief mixed with the excitement in her chest. Spock cocked his head to side. "Ambassador, are you unwell?" He asked, worried as she started to tremble a bit. Kat shook her head at him. "No...I'm pregnant." She whispered, trying to keep her wits about her. The words hit Spock like a ton of aluminum bricks. "You are?" He seemed frozen in place, his mind buzzing with all the implications behind his wife's news. Kat started to worry when the color blanched from his face and he remained stoic and further unresponsive. "I am." She gazed at him, watching him carefully for any sign of rejection in reaction to her condition. "That's..." Spock started and trailed off, his gaze leaving her temporarily as he attempted to process the what he had just been told. Kat waited for him patiently. "...That is most uplifting news." He looked up to meet her gaze again, his expression smooth and unreadable again as usual though Kat could tell he was excited about the prospects. "Yes it is..." She pulled Spock's hand to her still flat midsection, relieved that he was happy. "I'm so glad you see it that way." She leaned forward to close the distance between them. Spock shut his eyes and lightly applied some pressure to the spot, feeling a slight tinge of warmth fill the hollows of his heart he stared transfixed at where their hands were clasped. "Indeed." Kat smiled and leaned up to kiss him nursing the wounds that covered entirety of his heart. Spock returned the kiss. This indeed was all that he needed, for now at the least. ...
(Chapter 8. Hope you like it. It may be a bit confusing but I hope you enjoy it. Thanks for all your reviews, likes and follows. I hope I don't disappoint. I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 8 ... "All right, Jim! NOW you can go!" Bones huffed as he signed off the release forms on Jim's medical report. As per usual, the slightly younger man was being a pain in the behind about having to stay in the sick bay. Bones just thanked his lucky stars that the man wasn't hallucinating anymore under the effects of his medicinal allergies. "Dr. McCoy, I do hope you have those medical reports done. Acting Captain Spock has requested that I personally see to the comfort of the Vulcan Elders while they are to stay in space with us and I'd like to view their physical results." Kat strode into the med bay, long hair swinging as she deliberately ignored her brother's presence in the ward. Bones warily nodded his head at her. "Of course. I'll get Nurse Chapel to pull them for you immediately. Wait one moment." He turned to find the nurse in question. Jim swung himself uncoordinately off the bio bed as soon as the doors slid shut behind the doctor, careful not to put too much pressure on his injured hand. "Well!...Aren't you a sight for sore eyes, Katydid." The Cadet smirked, using her old childhood nickname in an attempt to get her attention. "My name's not Katy." Kat turned her narrowed eyes at her brother. Jim hardly shrugged his shoulders. "It used to be. Why don't you like it anymore, Sis?" He asked, suddenly turning serious behind the smile on his face. Kat let out a sigh. "You know why." She averted her gaze and pretended to be more interested in a read out Bones had left on the table next to Jim's bed. "Kat." Kat jumped three feet into the air when her brother suddenly placed his hand firmly on her shoulder. "Come on please, stop trying to keep me out. I'm your family." Jim pleaded removing his hand almost immediately from the Ambassador. "Your only family." Kat suppressed a snort. "I have no interest in telling you anything." She turned deliberately away from the Cadet. Jim looked down at his hand. "I know...and I don't expect you to forgive me for everything I did. I just want us to be a family again." He straightened his posture as a nurse walked by entering another patient's room without glancing in the Kirks' direction. "I mean we used to be so close." Jim continued, holding back in case he might have been pushing her too hard. Kat bit down on the inside of her cheek. "Yeah well...maybe you're not the only one who made mistakes." She chose her answer carefully. Jim furrowed his brow. "Katy?...Katy, are you awake?" Nine year old Kat found herself startled awake by the incessant poking of her younger brother. "Jimmy..." Kat rubbed her eyes. "Stop that! Go back to sleep." She grumbled, rolling over onto her side to go back to sleep again. Jim started to poke her again. "Katy! I had a bad dream again! Can I sleep with you again tonight? Please? Mommy's not home yet." The three year pouted and stuck out his lower lip, knowing his sister couldn't tell him to go away again when he did that. Kat groaned. "Fine, but stay on your side of the bed." She reluctantly scooted over to make room for the toddler. "And no kicking." Jim eagerly jumped up onto the slightly bigger bed. "Yay! Thank you Sissy!" He dove under the covers then snuggled up right against Kat's back. Kat squirmed against the elbows on her back. "Whatever." She murmured to sleepy to care much that her brother was invading her space yet again. "Katy?" Jim peeked cautiously over his shoulder as a car's lights beamed across the window. "What?" Kat's response came muffled through her pillow. "Do you think Charlie's going to marry Mommy and become our new Daddy, someday?" Jim pulled his thumb into his mouth as the question floated into his mind. Kat pulled a face. "Ew no. Of course not! She's not going to marry him." She pulled the blanket over her head. "But what if she did?" Jim bit down on his little thumbnail. "What if he turns out to be as mean as Mr. Kenny?" Kat shook her head. "She's not going to marry him and even if she did I'd protect you. Like I did with Mr. Kenny." She tried her best to suppress the memory of her Mother's previous boyfriend. Jim turned and set a wet hand on Kat's shoulder. "You promise?" He asked with all the earnesty of a four year old. Kat grimaced at the moisture that seeped through her pajamas. "Promise." ... "Mom?" Eleven year old Jim stumbled clumsily into the house, dirt covering his face, arms and legs. "Mom, where are you?" He called through the seemingly empty house, tripping over a carelessly discarded glass bottle as he started to go towards his Mother's bedroom. "Your Mom's not here. Quit that yelling and get yourself cleaned up! *Hic*" A loud harsh voice made the boy jump a little. He shook himself when he realized it was only his stepfather, drunk and nearly passed out again as usual. Jim thanked his lucky stars (if he had any) that he wasn't alert enough to beat him again for making too much noise. "Sorry Charlie." He turned to run up the stairs to where his and his older sister and stepbrother's rooms were located. He started to go to his sister's room when her door flew open nearly hitting him in the face. "Oh gosh! Jim?" Kat barely skidded to a stop quickly enough to avoid a collision with her brother."Katy!" Jim frowned when he saw she was dragging a suitcase out of her room behind her. "Are you going somewhere?" He asked accusation lighting up his light blue gray eyes. Kat averted her gaze. "Did you forget? The bus to Saint Hannah Prepartory leaves this afternoon. I'm already late." She grimaced and dragged her suitcase to the stairs. Jim stepped into her way. "You're going to the school? But you said you wouldn't! You said you were going to stay here another year with me and Mom! You promised!" He stomped his foot making Kat flinch when the sound echoed down the stairs. "Shh! Be quiet Jim! You'll make Charlie mad again! I can't stay here anymore and you know that!" She tried to squeeze her away around her brother, but Jim grabbed her suitcase in a last ditch effort to keep her from leaving. "No! Please don't go Katy! You can't go! You belong here with me and Mom!..And Johnny!" He dug his heels into the carpet. Kat turned and glared at her brother. "I HAVE to go! Now let go!...and stop calling me Katy, Jim! It's not my name!" She yanked her suitcase out of his hand and ran down the stairs hiding her tears from her brother's line of sight. "You promised!" Jim started to yell, running after his sister as she made for the front door. "You promised you would always be there for us! You promised!" He tried to stop the door from slamming, but missed the door knob in his attempt. Charlie stirred from his stupor. "Ugh, what's all that noise?" He slurred, reaching to grab a half drunk bottle of booze from the coffee table. Jim yanked open the door and chased after his sister, stopping only when he saw his sister get on a bus at the end of the driveway. Crestfallen, he picked up a large rock from the ground and threw it at the bus, missing only just when the vehicle pulled away. ... "What do you mean?" Jim frowned when he heard the break in his older sister's voice. Kat blinked back the tears. "I-." "Ambassador Kirk, you asked for the Vulcan Health Reports?" Nurse Chapel walked into the room, handing the Ambassador a PADD with only a fleeting narrow eyed glance in Jim's direction. "Yes, thank you." Kat quickly sobered herself and took the PADD, looking over the first read out when Chekov's heavily accented voice floated through the intercoms. "Attention all Enterprise personnel! All high ranking Officers and Cadets are to report immediately to the bridge for an emergency staff meeting. Repeat all Starfleet Officers must report to the bridge!" "That's us." Jim started to cross the room. Kat sighed and turned the PADD off before following him out of the med bay. "Jim wait!" She deliberately stepped in his way before he could exit the ward. "I..I'm sorry." She whispered, her face clear and impassive yet wavering as she struggled to keep her composure. Jim shook his head at her. "No, I'm the one who should be sorry, Kat. Seriously." He tried to argue, but Kat cut him off. "No...Jim-." "Are you coming, Kat?" A bright female Enginnering officer nodded at the Ambassador as she hurried past to get to the turbo lift. Kat nodded her head. "On my way." She did her best to sound professional as Bones ran past, glancing between the siblings briefly with a worried expression on his face. Jim laid a gentle hand on his sister's shoulder. "We can talk afterwards." He said in a tone that inexplicably made Kat feel calmer again. "Of course." She averted her gaze and straightened her uniform before turning to walk out of the sick bay. Jim followed her to the lift. ... "Lieutenant, have you confirmed that Nero's headed for Earth?" Spock asked, pacing the narrow area of the bridge just as Kat and Jim exited the lift. "Their trajectory suggests no other destination, Captain." Uhura confirmed, widening the screen on her consule as Bones shifted to allow Jim and Kat some room behind the Captain's chair. "Earth may be his next stop, but we have to assume that every Federation planet is a target." Jim put in, plopping down in the Captain's chair with no qualms about the consequences following his actions. "Out of the chair." Spock ordered without missing a beat and without turning to look in Jim's direction. "Well if the Federation is the target, why didn't they destroy us?" Chekov asked following up on the points Jim brought up in his earlier statement. Sulu frowned and rubbed his chin with the palm of his good hand. "Well why would they? Why waste the weaponry? We obviously weren't a threat." "No, that's not it." Kat cut in, thinking carefully as Jim reluctantly vacated his seat. "He said that he wanted Spock to see something and to do that, he had to be alive. He couldn't take the ship out without taking him out too." Spock started to nod his head at her. "But then how in the h*** did they create a black hole like that? Where would the Romulans get that kind of weapon?" Bones demanded. Spock turned to face the doctor. "The engineering comprehension necessary to artificially create a black hole may suggest the answer, Doctor since such technology could theoretically be manipulated to create a tunnel through space time." He explained calmly. Kat's eyes widened at that. "D*** it, Man! I'm a doctor not a physcist! Are you actually suggesting that they're from the future?" Bones snapped and Jim rolled his eyes at the idea. "If you eliminate the impossible whatever remains however improbably must be the truth." Spock calmly folded his arms behind his back as he walked across the bridge to get closer to Bones' position. "Then what would an angry future Romulan want with Captain Pike?" Jim wondered, still sounding skeptical as he rubbed his eye. "Well as Captain, he does have extensive knowledge concerning the details of Starfleet's Defenses." Kat shrugged a shoulder. A light seemed to go off in Jim's head at that. "Then we need to catch up to that ship, disable it, take it over and get Pike back." He announced, making Kat and Bones roll their eyes at his forwardness. "We are technologically outmatched in every way. A rescue attempt would be illogical." Spock quickly dismissed Jim's suggestion. "He's right, Jim. That ship would have to drop out of warp for us to overtake it and even then-." "Well what about assigning an engineering crew to boost our warp speed?" Jim interrupted Kat's attempts to pacify him. "Remaining power and crew are being used to repair radiation leaks on the lower decks and damage to the main deflector shield, without which we cannot communicate with Starfleet." Spock quickly turned to assume the Captain's chair ignoring Jim's attempts to interrupt. "Well then what do you suggest we do, Captain?" Uhura asked, calmly from her seat near to Kat's station on the bridge. Spock sat back in his seat and nodded in the Cadet's direction. "We must gather with the rest of Starfleet to balance the terms of our next engagement-." "There's not going to be a next engagement! By the time we've gathered, it will be too late! You say he's from the future and knows what's going to happen? Well then the logical thing to do here is to be unpredictable!" Jim threw his hands up into the air. "You're assuming Nero knows how events are predicted to unfold." Spock turned a disapproving gaze in Jim's direction. "On the contrary, Nero's very presence has altered the flow of history, beginning with the attack on the U.S.S. Kelvin, culminating to the events of today thereby creating a new chain of events that cannot be anticipated by either party." Kat raised her head a little at that. "An alternate reality." She realized and Spock nodded his head at her. "Precisely. Whatever lives we might have lived, if the time continuum was disrupted then our destinies have changed." He turned to address Sulu. "Plot a course to the Laurentian System. Warp Factor Three." "Yes Sir." Sulu turned to followed his orders, but Jim wasn't quite finished yet. "No wait! No! No! Don't do that! Spock! Running back to the rest of the fleet for a confab is a massive waste of time!" He protested. "Jim! Sit down and stow it!" Kat tried to head him off, but she was no match for her brother's much more wild and untamed temper. "No! Captain Pike ordered us to go back and get him should something like this occur after he left! Spock, you are Captain now for Christ's sake!-" "I am well aware of my responsibilities, Cadet Kirk and as Acting Captain I instruct you to accept that I alone am in command of this vessel and its crew." Spock cut in calm as ever, but this only served to infuriate Jim more. Soon the two ended up in a shouting match with Jim doing most of the yelling while Spock steadily lost what patience he had left. Finally he snapped and Kat flinched visibly when he stood from his chair, causing it to wobble as he fixed Jim with the most glaring expression Kat had ever seen on his face. "Security! Please escort Cadet Kirk off the bridge." Spock ordered, leaving no more room for argument. Jim fell reluctantly silent as the security guards grabbed him, pulling him forefully away from the Captain towards the turbo lift. Uhura gasped when Jim suddenly attacked the guards, knocking one of them right over her lap and the other into the stablizer panel. "Jim stop!" Bones tried to stop him, but his pleas were falling on deaf ears. Kat sprang into action and tried to prevent Jim from knocking out the other security guard, but he lashed out on her shoving her clear across the bridge in his fury right into the Captain's chair. Spock swiftly stood from his seat. Crossing the bridge he grabbed Jim by the back of his neck pinching him between his fingers until the Cadet passed out, crumpling to the floor. Bones and the others gaped at the Acting Captain as he turned his gaze back to the two Security Guards. "Get him off this ship...Now!" ...
(Here is Chapter 9. Sorry it took me so long, but hope you like it. Thanks for all your reviews, likes and follows. I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 9 ... When Jim woke up it was to a blistering cold wind, a slight pinching pain in his neck, and an obnoxious female voice recording informing him that his space pod had just crash landed on some frozen outer world planet. "You gotta be kidding me..Computer, where am I?" Jim barked, struggling to get upright as the pod's navigational systems processed out an answer. "Current location Delta Vega "Class M" Planet. Planet unsafe." "And why aren't I surprised?" Jim suppressed a groan. Throwing off his restraint belt, he pushed up on the top of the space pod until it opened just wide enough for him to crawl out into the frozen wasteland around him. "Aw Son of a ***!...Really?" Jim threw his hands up in the air blinking at the blizzard as if he expected the Enterprise to be there hoving somewhere above the planet's atomsphere mocking him with its very presence. Ignoring the pod computer's orders to stay where he was, Jim began to trek across the snow, fumbling with a tricorder as the wind whipped through his coat. "Lieutenant's Log!...Stardate...whatever!" Jim coughed as the wind blew him sideways stinging against his cheeks as he attempted to regain his balance. "Acting Captain Spock...has marooned me on Delta Vega in what I believe to be a violation of security protocol 49.09...governing the treatment of prisoners aboard a starship...Kat by the way if you find this please know that I..." Jim stopped. Something was shifting across the terrain, quickly in his direction. As the Cadet strained his ears to hear over the roaring winter wind, a creature about twice the size of a man with wild white hair and long terrifying fangs burst out from behind an ice shelf. Dropping the tricorder Jim tore across the snow, slipping several times in his attempt to keep his distance from the monster. Suddenly the ground dipped sharply beneath his feet sending him hurtling down a ledge into the frozen lake below. The creature continued it's pursuit, roaring and gnashing its teeth together in a way that made him look hungry. Jim scrambled to get back to his feet and tried to run across the lake, but his shoes made him slip on the ice. Just when he thought he was a goner, the ice beneath his body shifted then shattered emitting a large red scaley creature more than twice the size of the white monster. Leaning back on instinct, Jim frantically tried to scramble away when the larger monster batted away the smaller one killing it almost upon impact. He started to breathe, thinking he was safe when the large scaley creature suddenly turned its talons on him. WIth a sinking feeling, Jim turned and ran for it across the lake, down the other side of the ice cliff with the monster in hot pursuit. Spotting a cave, he made a beeline for the entrance, skidding across the frozen ground while the creature closed in. Just as the monster managed to grab his leg with a sticky appendage, a man dressed all the way up to his eyes in a fur parka jumped out at the creature waving torch and a crudely made spear in both hands. The monster immediately released Jim from his grip, screeching as the flames licked dangerously close to its jaws. Finally it gave up the chase, tearing away from the cave with a terrifying cry. Jim let out a breath he hadn't even realized he had been holding then turned to find his rescuer as howls died away. "Thank you." "The Hen Gra. Notoriously afraid of heat." The old man chuckled then turned to face Jim. His smile froze halfway off his face when he recognized him. "James T. Kirk..." "Excuse me?" "How did you find me?" The old man lowered his torch. Jim just stared at him. "Uh..." He slowly got back on his feet. "Look uh...I don't-I don't know you." The old man pulled back the hood of his coat. Jim suppressed a gasp when he saw his ears and his eyebrows. They were raised and pointed just like a Vulcan's. "I am and always shall be your friend...and brother." Jim snorted at that. "Whoa whoa, brother?..What are you talking about?" He turned to shake the snow from his clothes. "I..am Spock." The old man finally introduced himself. Jim froze halfway to a smirk at that. "...Bullcrap..." ... "Don't worry, it looks like he's fine. Or she whatever...there may have been a bit of shock, but other than that I don't see any significant changes in the fetus." Bones sighed as he pulled the readout off the wall. Kat glared at the ground. "Of course you don't." She growled under her breath, surprising Bones a bit as he signed off on her release form. "Pardon?" "Jim didn't push me hard enough to do any damage and none of this would have ever happened in the first place if Spock had just listened to me earlier!" Kat threw her bio bed restraints noisely over onto the side startling a nurse who was working nearby with another patient. Bones put down his PADD. "What do you mean by that?" He asked, concern covering his inner annoyance at the Acting Captain. Kat shrugged her shoulders. "Well maybe I'm the only one who sees it, but Spock is not okay. He's not fit to be running this ship right now especially after what he did to Jim." She sank into a chair. Bones cocked his head at her. "But, why would that Hobgoblin listen to you?" Kat turned to make eye contact with him. "Bridge to Dr. McCoy! Repeat, Bridge to Dr. McCoy! Acting Captain Spock has requested your immediate presence on the Bridge." Sulu's voice boomed across the speakers interrupting whatever Kat had been about to say. Bones turned and slammed his tricorder back onto the table. "This had better be good." He muttered more to himself than to the Ambassador. Kat waited till he had left the Med Bay before getting up from the bio bed. "Oh Ambassador Kirk? Wait!" Nurse Chapel flagged her before she could leave. "Dr. McCoy prescribed these for you just in case. They should help with the morning sickness just in case it gets any worse." The slight young nurse smiled as she handed Kat a small blue bottle containing a handful of white pills. Kat suppressed a sigh. "Thank you, Christine." She smiled and slipped the bottle into her belt pack. "I'm sure they'll come in handy." Nurse Chapel smiled back. "Of course. If you experience anymore difficulties with your pregnancy please be sure to check in again." She kindly reached to open the door. "Your condition is after all...unique." Nurse Chapel amended when the Ambassador turned to give her a questioning look. Kat rolled her eyes. "My Mother-In-Law managed to carry a half Vulcan infant healthily to full term. I think I can manage this little one." She smiled and placed a hand softly over her still flat abdomen. Chapel chuckled. "Of course." She wordlessly excused herself then turned to attend to another patient. Kat turned to walk back to the Bridge, reaching her destination just as Bones was stomping away from her husband. "Green-blooded Hobgoblin!" He snarled not low enough for Kat to miss what he said. "Katarina!" The unusual slight hitch in his voice plus the use of her first name sharply drew her attention to the Captain. "Sir?" Spock nodded for them to adjoin off the bridge in private. Kat turned to re-enter the lift and Spock followed. "Are you well? Is the child-?" He started to ask when Kat closed and started the turbo lift with one hand. "Fine! He's fine." She quickly cut him off not fooled for an instant by the calm in his tone. Spock seemed taken aback by her sharpness. "You are angry." He stated still infuriatingly calm. "And you are not yourself!" Kat finally lost her composure, shouting the words much louder than she intended to. As usual however, Spock responded calmly to her outburst. "Is this about Cadet Kirk? Because I can assure you-." "Spock, don't. Just be honest with me, okay?" Kat shook her head, tears glistening unshed in her eyes. Spock straightened his posture at the sudden shift in his wife's voice. "You know I am always honest with you, Katerina." He softened his tone. Kat suppressed a smile. "Then tell me, do you feel fit to run the Enterprise?" She asked, matching his stare with a piercing one of her own. "When you threw Jim off the ship...were you absolutely sure it was what was best for everyone? Or were you acting on a more personal impulse?" Spock's eyebrow twitched visibly. "I only acted as I thought right and necessary." He responded assuredly. Kat bit her lip. "Delta Vega is a Class M planet, Spock. Knowing Jim, he's not going to stay in the pod as ordered and if anything happens to him-." "He will be fine." Spock cut her off. "Trust me. I have already contacted Starfleet with express orders to evacuate him and place him under proper custody." "But you don't know Jim!" Kat cut him off again. Spock felt his shoulders sag. "Kat-." "If anything happens to my brother, regardless of our past, you know I'll never be able to forgive myelf." Kat gnawed on her lower lip. "If I lose him...I lose my promise." A tear slid down her cheek. Spock started to respond when his COMM went off. "Excuse me, Captain?" A male voice answered when Spock turned to take the call. "I hope I'm not disturbing you, but Lieutenant Uhura has just made contact with the rest of the surviving Vulcans." Spock turned to make eye contact with Kat. "I'm on my way." He disconnected the call. Kat heaved a tired sigh. Turning she opened the turbo lift, surprising Spock momentarily when she did not try to argue with him. "Ambassador?" "We can finish this later. Right now the Enterprise needs her Captain." Kat smiled and reached for his hand though her smile did not quite reach her eyes. Spock gratefully took her hand anyway. "Thank you." He nodded. They both turned to exit the lift. ...
(Here is Chapter 10. Hope you enjoy it. Thanks again for all your reviews, likes and follows. For those of you following my Lucy Potter story, I am almost done with the next update so keep your heads up :) I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 10 ... "It is remarkably good to see you my old Friend. Especially after the events of today." The old Vulcan smiled warmly at the young Cadet as he poked the small fire he had built inside the cave. Jim stood abruptly to his feet. "Uh Sir, I appreciate what you've done for me today, but...if you were Spock you'd know, we're not friends at all. You hate me. You marooned me here for mutiny...Not to mention you married my sister." He mumbled the last part under his breath. "Mutiny?" Old Spock raised his eyebrows. "You are not the Captain of the Enterprise?" He questioned. Jim shook his head at him. "Uh no...you're the Captain." He pointed at the older man laughing bitterly. "You took over after Pike was taken hostage." "By Nero." Spock nodded his head understandingly. Jim stopped mid pace across the cave. "You know him?" He asked. "He is a particularly troubled Romulan." Spock shook his head, thinking for a moment before rising from the ground. Jim let out an irritated sigh. "Yeah well, about you and Kat-." He started to go off when the older man put out his hand towards his face. "Please allow me. It will be easier to explain this way." Jim flinched away from his touch. "Whoa whoa! What are you doing?" "Mind meld. Our minds one and together." Spock smiled sadly as he placed his fingers gently against the side of Jim's face. "What's-?" Jim started to question when his vision suddenly went blank. "One hundred and twenty nine years from now, a star will explode threatening to destroy the entire galaxy." Old Spock began as his memories filtered into Jim's mind. "That is where I am from Jim. The future." Jim gasped as eons passed before his eyes, rushing past him like a field full of stars, comets and planetoids. Finally the rushing stopped and he realized he was looking at a space port of some sort where a small group of Romulans were discussing something with Spock. "A star went supernova, consuming everything in its path...I promised the Romulans that I would save their planet." The elder Spock continued to narrate as Jim watched the leader of the Romulans hand the Vulcan a large syringe. Spock smiled as he took the object, bowed and spoke some words of assurance before turning to board the small advanced type spacecraft behind him. "We outfitted our fastest ship. The plan being that I would use red matter to create a black hole which would absorb the supernova." The memory shifted again and stopped just in time for Jim to see Spock was now piloting the spaceship straight toward the exploding star. "I was on route..when the unthinkable happened...The supernova destroyed Romulas and all but twenty of their millions of inhabitants." Jim gasped as the star swallowed its planet neighbor whole. "I had little time," Spock continued. "I had to extract the red matter and inject it into the supernova. As I was beginning my return trip I was intercepted." A large black vessel dropped out from space just above the black hole that was created and Jim blanched when he recognized the makings of the ship. "He called himself Nero. Last of the Romulan Empire. In my attempt to escape both of us were sucked into the black hole. Nero went through first...so he was the first to arrive." Jim's vision went blank again clearing only to reveal Nero and a small band of Romulans working in a fuel mine. "Nero and his crew spent the next 25 years awaiting my arrival." Spock continued, his grip loosening ever so slightly on Jim's face. His voice started to sound hazy in his ears. "But what was years for Nero...was only seconds for me. When I came through the black hole, Nero was waiting for me." The scene changed again and Jim watched as Spock emerged slowly from his vessel, dropping to his knees when he reached Nero. "He held me responsible for the loss of his world..and his family. Capturing my vessel, he spared my life for one reason only...so that I could feel his pain. Knowing my wife was already long lost to me, he beamed me here so that I could observe his vengence." Jim suddenly felt cold as the scene changed again to the snowy terrain of Delta Vega. Spock was standing there in the midst of a blizzard, watching as Vulcan imploded right before his eyes. "As he was helpless to save his planet, I would be helpless to save mine." Spock's tone turned sadder than before. Jim gasped shocked at the outpour of emotion he felt emanating from the Vulcan. "Billions of lives lost, Jim because of me...because I failed." Spock abruptly ended the mind meld, shocking Jim as his mind returned to reality. "Forgive me. Emotional transference is an effect of the mind meld." The old man apologized softly. Jim leaned against the cave wall for support. "So...so you do feel!" He gasped, still feeling his heart racing. The Elder Spock nodded his head. "Yes." "Going back time you changed all our lives." He started to ramble. "Mine, Kat's, our parents...even your own." Spock dropped his gaze. "I can only hope she can still find the happiness she deserves..." He trailed off. Jim furrowed his eyebrows at the strange remark. "What?" "Come Jim, there is a starfleet outpost not far from here." Elder Spock abruptly changed the subject. "Once there we can find a way to transport you off planet. You best leave before night falls on this planet." He turned to grab a torch and pulled his hood back over his head. "Wait!" Jim stopped him before he could leave the camp area. "Where you came from...in your time...Did Kat and I know our Father?" He asked softly. Spock paused at entrance to the corridor. "Yes...You both often spoke of him as your inspiration for joining Starfleet. He proudly lived to see Katarina's wedding day and your elevation to Captain of the Enterprise." Jim cocked his head to the side. "Captain?..Me?" Spock nodded his head. "Yes...a ship we must return you to as soon as possible." He motioned with the torch for Jim to follow him. After a long moment, Jim complied. "You do realize..." He began as he fell into step next to the Vulcan. "...we're going to have to have a long talk about you and Kat once I get back on the Enterprise." He smirked slightly. Spock raised an eyebrow at the statement. "Is that so?...Things have indeed changed a lot." He thought more to himself than to Jim. Jim pulled up his hood as they ventured closer to the entrance of the cave. ... "I thought I might find you here, Ambassador." Kat looked up at the sound of her Father-in-Law's voice. "Does the Acting Captain need me, Sir?" She asked without turning from her view of the cargo bay below her. Sarek came silently to stand next to her. "Speak your mind, Daughter." He spoke smoothly yet firmly the way Spock often did when he was trying to coax her into telling him something. The old Ambassador knew just by observing her expression that she was irritated and he could well guess the cause of her emotions. "I..." Kat slowly shook her head. "I'm not sure that would be the smart thing to do at this point." She mumbled, glaring at the ground below as if the working crew was not moving fast enough for her liking. Sarek calmly folded his arms behind his back. "What is logical...is never unwise." He responded. Kat bit her lip. "My son as you well know is of half Vulcan and human heritage." Sarek continued. "As such he finds himself often conflicted. Especially when it comes to those he cares much about." Sarek looked down to follow his daughter-in-law's gaze. Kat let out a sigh. "It's still no excuse for the decisions he's made since kicking Cadet Kirk off the Enterprise. What's worse he won't even admit to it. Not even to me." She straightened and turned as if to leave the catwalk. "You know with everything that's happened...Amanda's death, Jim's expulsion, Captain Pike's capture and Nero still at large, I'm not sure how much more Spock will be able to take before he shuts down completely...I don't want to see that happen." Kat shuddered at the implication behind her statement. She knew that Vulcans had an emotional capacity the same as any human being on earth and her husband like any other of his kind had been reared since early childhood to suppress and ignore emotional pressure with the practice of simple logic. What happens when there are no more logical answers? Kat wondered, not daring to voice her worries lest her Father-in-Law have no comforting answers to her question. "He is strong." Sarek spoke in a soft emotionless voice that Kat had long ago gotten used to hearing since she first began her work as an Ambassador to Vulcan. "He always has been." Kat rolled her eyes a bit. "I know..." She mumbled despite herself. Her hands moved almost involuntarily to her stomach. Sarek noticed the brief movement. "You are strong too, Katarina." He meant the statement to be reassuring. "And if anyone can give Spock the assistance he very much needs at this very moment in time...it is you." "Ambassador! Ambassador Kirk!" A young Cadet burst in on the two Ambassadors, barely skidding to a stop fast enough to avoid a collision with Ambassador Sarek. "Captain Spock has requested your immediate presence on the bridge, Ma'am. It's Kirk...he's back!" The boy spat out between pants. Kat blanched. "What?...But how?" ... Spock rose abruptly from the Captain's Chair when he heard the turbo lift doors open. He turned expecting to see Kat, but his expression smoothed over when he saw the Cadet instead, accompanied by an unfamiliar man and two Starship Security Guards. "Who are you?" Spock immediately addressed the stranger as he made his way across the bridge. "He's with me." Jim cut in before his companion could say anything. "Uh yeah, I'm with him." The slightly older man agreed. "We're traveling at warp speed. How did you manage to beam aboard this ship?" Spock asked, his gaze never leaving the two men. "Well you're the genius. You figure it out." Jim shrugged his shoulders a bit insolently. His companion glanced nervously between them. "As Acting Captain of this vessel I order you to answer the question." Spock attempted to intimidate the Cadet, but the younger Kirk wasn't phased. "Well I'm not telling, Acting Captain...What did...that didn't frustrate you did it? My lack of cooperation.-." "Are you a member of Starfleet?" Spock deliberately turned away from the Cadet. "Uh...Yes can I have a towel?" The other man shuffled his feet nervously as the Vulcan stared him down. "Under penalty of court marshall I order you to explain to me how you were able to beam aboard this ship while at warp." "Don't answer him." Jim gave his companion a warning look. "You will...answer me." Spock pressed. Scott glanced between the two men. "Uh...I'd rather not take sides." He started to back off when the turbo lift doors opened again. "Jim?" Kat stepped onto the bridge followed closely by Sarek and the Lieutenant who had been assigned to find her. Her soft dark eyes glanced worriedly between her brother and her husband for a minute before she noticed tension between them. Jim deliberately ignored her presence. "What is it with you, Spock? Your planet was destroyed, your mother murdered and...you're not even upset." He stepped up to the acting captain. Spock glared pointedly at him. "If you are presuming that these experiences in any way impede my ability to command this ship, you are mistaken." "And yet you are the one who said fear was necessary for command. You remember that?" Jim fired back at him. Kat tensed when she saw Spock's expression falter slightly too slightly for anyone but her and maybe Sarek to notice. She decided to step in knowing she had to stop this before it was too late. "Jim stop. Please, you don't know what you're-." "Kat back off! I got this!" Jim interrupted stunning her with the force of his words. Scotty flinched a bit. "Cadet I order you to-." Spock started, but he didn't get to finish. "Did you or did not see his ship?" Jim took another step closer to the Acting Captain. His daring made Kat felt queasy. "Did you see what he did? Did you see his machine, Spock?" "Yes of course I did." Spock swallowed tensely, his gaze hardening as he stared the younger man down. "So are you afraid or aren't you?" Jim taunted. "What is like huh? To never feel anger, love...or heartbreak? Or the need to stop at nothing to avenge the woman who gave birth to you!" He spat the words out in his face. "Jim!" Kat started, but her pleas fell on deaf ears. "I will not allow you to lecture me on the merits of emotion." Spock's reply was firm, but Kat could sense that he was losing his patience. "Did you even love Kat?" Jim stepped even closer to the Acting Captain. "When you married her was it because you loved her or because she loved you and it only made sense logically given your own half human status to be with her since she seems to be the only one on the planet who can stand you?" "Cadet, I warn you-." Spock began, but Jim ignored him yet again. "You feel nothing! It must not even compute for you up there!...You never loved her or your Mother!" "No!" Spock lashed out at Jim with his right fist, connecting swiftly and soundly with the underside of the younger Kirk's jaw. "Spock!" Kat tried to stop her husband as Jim tumbled over headfirst into the Captain's chair. Bones pulled her back just before Spock could accidentally hit her in his blind rage. "Let me go!" She struggled and tried to hit the Doctor in the ribs, but he resisted her blows and her pleas. Spock pursued Jim, easily blocking his attempts to fight back before throwing him angrily into a Computer Panel. Kat threw her elbow into Bones's stomach and he coughed letting go of her in his surprise as Spock clamped his fingers tightly around Jim's neck. The Cadet tried in vain to pry himself loose from the Vulcan's grip, but his body went quickly slack as his attacker starved him of oxygen. "Spock!" Sarek's tone was sharp, firm yet calm. Bones grabbed Kat before she could try to get involved though she kicked him in the shin for good measure before Spock relinquished his grip leaving Jim to choke and sputter as the air rushed back into his lungs. Bones let go of Kat and she rushed forward, checking up on Jim as Spock turned his gaze from Jim to Kat, then to his Father. "Doctor I am no longer fit for duty." His voice trembled a bit as he attempted to speak the words with the assurity and confidence he had before. "I relinquish my command based on the fact that I have been emotionally compromised. Please note the time and date in the ship's log." He turned to exit the bridge. Jim nodded at his sister. "Go...I know you want to." He rasped, glancing at Spock's retreating form before succumbing to a round of coughs. Kat bit down on her lip. "How could you?" She glared at her Brother. Jim snorted somewhat painfully in response to her. "It was a bluff...I know that he cares for you, Sis. I just needed him to admit what everyone else on this ship already knows." He smiled and winced at the slight pain in his lower lip. Kat rolled her eyes at that. "Jim-." "Go, he'll need you. Much more than I do anyway." Jim chuckled and spit some blood out on the floor. Now it was Bones' turn to roll his eyes. "You could fool me." He muttered under his breath. "Kat, seriously go. You're his wife now and that means he comes first." Jim feebly tried to push his sister away. "Make sure I didn't break him too much, okay?" He tried to smile weakly. Kat pushed his hand away. "How did you know he was my husband?" She asked softly. Jim shook his head. "Later. Right now you have to go." He struggled to get his feet and settled back into a sitting position. Kat shoved herself to her feet. "You can't give me orders, Cadet Kirk." She snapped, dusting off her uniform before turning to stride from the bridge. Jim laughed. "Oh yeah?" He coughed, but Kat did not respond. The entire deck fell solemnly silent as the lift doors shut noisely behind the Ambassador. Bones and Uhura exchanged concerned glances. "I like this ship!" Scotty broke the silence. "You know it's exciting!" He grinned. Bones rolled his eyes. "Oh well done Jim. Now we have no Captain and no ***** first officer to replace him!" He snapped at his friend. Jim clearly disagreed. "Oh yes we do." He stood carefully. Uhura raised an eyebrow at him. "Who?" ... (So Jim now knows about Spock and Kat. Wait till he finds out there's a baby on the way too. Haha XD So minor issue, what do you guys think it should be? Boy or Girl? I keep going back and forth on it.)
(Here is the next chapter. I'm not sure how well I did on this chapter particularly on the first part with Kat comforting Spock, but I hope it's at least passable. Please enjoy and thank you again for all your wonderful reviews and everything. I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 11 ... "Spock?" Kat hesitantly approached her husband. Spock was standing with his back to her, his arms clasped behind him as he stared lost in focus at the beaming platform in front of him. "Spock." Kat slowly entered the Transporter chamber, shutting the door before continuing to address him. "Honey, talk to me." Spock shook his head. "That would be unwise." He muttered sounding only like a shadow of his former self. Kat frowned at his words. "What do you mean?" She gently put a hand on the top of his shoulder. Spock swallowed slowly. "He is wrong...I didn't choose you simply because it was the logical choice." He looked up and stared hard at the empty teleporting platform. It was the same way he had looked at it after his Mother had died during the attack on Vulcan. "I know." Kat grimaced and rubbed his shoulder therapeutically. "It's okay, I don't blame you for what happened." She leaned forward to kiss his cheek, but Spock turned away. "How could you not? I lost my sense of reason...and in doing so I nearly committed a most unforgiveable act against you." His expression darkened again and Kat had to force herself not to flinch or turn away from his gaze. "No." She reached out to him again. "Even if your Father had not stopped you, you would have released Jim on your own. I know it." She gently stroked his hair to soothe him. Spock shut his eyes. "It is not possible..." The muscles in his throat convulsed as he attempted to revert back to his normal state of mind. "Logically speaking, you should not be with me right now after what transpired on the bridge." Kat cupped his right cheek in her hand. "Well...logic has never been one of my strong points." She smiled somberly and leaned forward to kiss him next to his lips. "And in my world you don't abandon the one you love when they need you...not for one mistake." She kissed him again. Spock arched an eyebrow down at her. "It was hardly a minor offense-." He tried to argue, but Kat silenced him with a hand over his mouth. "Shhh." She cradled his taller frame close against her own body. Tears pricked her eyes when she felt just how emotionally distressed he was. "That's enough." Spock frowned at that. "Katarina-." "Shhh. It's not your fault, Spock." A tear slid down Kat's cheek. "Nero killed your Mother. He destroyed your home...that's not something you just get over. Especially when an idiot like Jim starts rubbing it in your face." She buried her face in her husband's shoulder. Spock set his hands gingerly around the small of her back, his lips twitching slightly towards a frown when he felt her trembling. "He...he should not have said those things about Amanda...you know?" Kat bit her lip, continuing her ministrations as Spock briefly laid his head in the crook of her neck. "I..." He trailed off unsure of how to respond as she looked up slowly to meet his gaze. For a moment they just stared at each other, basking in each other's presence as the pain they shared gleamed in their eyes. "You going to be okay?" Kat asked after minute, stroking his hair comfortingly as he continued to stare at her blankly yet full of emotion at the same time. Slowly he nodded his head. "...Thank you." His lips twitched into what might have been a smile. Kat smiled back and reached to stroke his cheek. "I love you." She whispered and leaned in. Spock leaned forward to meet her halfway, his fingers gently caressing the soft flesh under her cheekbones when he noticed his Father approaching from the left side of the chamber. "Father?" He called out and Kat turned around. Seeing her Father-in-Law and knowing why he was here, she leaned up and quickly kissed Spock on the cheek before turning to leave. "I'll see you on the bridge." Spock nodded his head. ... "Whatever the case we need to get aboard Nero's ship undetected!" Jim snapped, clearly irritated with whoever he was talking to as Kat returned to the bridge. Bones rolled his eyes at the younger Kirk. "Jim, you can't go in there guns blazing. Not with their type of-." "Look the math doesn't add up!" Sulu cut him off. "Ambassador Kirk." Uhura acknowledged her presence first while Jim and the others continued to ignore her. "I have made contact with the rest of the Vulcan survivors. Most are headed for earth to seek shelter while the leaders seek a new planetoid to rename New Vulcan." Uhura turned the screen of her computer around so that Kat could see her work. Kat nodded her approval. "Well done, Lieutenant. What's the status on the bridge?" She turned back to where Jim stood still arguing with Sulu and Bones. Uhura shrugged. "Well since Captain Pike named him first officer after elevating Commander Spock to Captain, Jim's taken over command and his first act as Captain is to order the immediate rescue of Captain Pike." She sat back down at her station. "Pike named Jim First Officer?" Kat furrowed her brows together. Uhura rolled her eyes. "Captain Kirk! Captain Kirk!" Chekov suddenly rushed across the bridge looking more excited than when he figured out how to beam Jim and Sulu back onto the ship while they were freefalling on Vulcan. "Y-yes Chekov! What is it?" Jim turned to acknowledge the young officer his gaze just missing Kat. Chekov pulled up a star map on the hand held view screen he was holding. "Based on the Narada's course from Vulcan, I have predicted that Nero will pass by Saturn. If Mr. Scott can get us to Warp factor 4 and drop out of warp behind one of Saturn's moons say Titan the magnetic distortion from the planet's rings will render us invisible to Nero's sensors. From there as long as the drill is not activated we can beam aboard the enemy ship." He explained pointing out various places on the map as he talked. "Aye! That might work!" The man Kat had seen enter the bridge with Jim earlier approved as he rubbed his hair dry with a towel. Bones turned his gaze from Chekov to Jim and back again. "Whoa wait a minute Kid! How old are you?" "Seventeen Sir." Chekov answered readily with a smile. Kat smirked at the look on Bones' face. "Oh good. He's seventeen." He muttered clearly not wanting to trust him. "Dr. McCoy, Ensign Chekov's plan is logically sound." Katarina stepped up a bit alerting the rest of the bridge to her presence. "Indeed Doctor I can reconfirm his telemetry." Spock suddenly appeared stepping off the Turbo lift just before Bones could get his two cents in. Kat whirled around surprised to see him so soon. "If Mr. Sulu is able to manuever us into position, I can beam aboard Nero's ship, steal back the black hole device and if possible bring back, Captain Pike." Spock walked past the crew stopping when he was standing between Jim and Kat near the main window of the bridge. Kat walked up to join him. "Spock, you can't do that alone. It's too dangerous." She worried. "She's right." Jim set a hand on his hip. "I won't allow you to do it, Mr. Spock." He addressed the Vulcan by his formal title. Spock turned to meet Kat's gaze. "Romulans and Vulcans share a common ancestry." He returned his gaze to the new Acting Captain. "As your sole Vulcan crew member I will be able to access the ship's computer and locate the device easily given the cultural similarities. Also my Mother was human which makes earth the only home I have left." He finished. Kat reached for his hand. "Then I'm coming with you." "No." Jim cut in. "No." Spock repeated. "Given your condition Ambassador, it would pose too much of a risk for you to undertake such a mission. I will go alone." He gave his wife a firm yet caring look. "No you will not." Jim gave Spock an equally hard look. "I'm going with you." Kat and Spock turned simultaneously to look at him. "I would cite regulation, but i know you will simply ignore it." Spock stated simply yet calmly. Jim smirked. "Well I guess we are learning to get to know each other." He clapped Spock on the shoulder loudly before passing him by to speak with the Engineering officers. The man with the towel left with him. "Spock, let me come with you." Kat protested despite what Spock and Jim had said earlier about the matter. "Ambassador-." "You know my understanding of Romulan is better than Jim's! I can help you find Captain Pike and the black hole device!" "Be that as it may, as your husband I cannot on good conscious allow you to accompany me to the Narada." Spock gently stared her down before turning to leave the bridge area. Kat followed him. "Spock please." She tried to persuade him. "Katarina my decision is final." Spock stopped just before he could open the doors. "Please, for the sake of our child remain here." He lowered his voice, opening the doors before stepping out into the lift. Kat sighed, but said nothing more to deter him. Nodding concedingly she waited till the doors had shut noisely behind him before returning to her post. ... "Bridge to Transporter Room. We are in position over Titan. Over." Sulu COMMed over just as Kat exited the turbo lift at the Transporter level. "Really? Fine job Mr. Sulu. Well done." The new Engineer nodded his approval as he quickly inputted the coordinates into the transporter device. "Mr. Scott I believe?" Kat smiled as she stopped next to the man now clad in a red Starfleet Engineering shirt. "I was informed you were to be our new Engineering Captain. Ambassador Kirk. Pleasure to meet you." She offered her hand to the new crewman. "Miss Kirk?" Scotty turned in his seat surprised to see her. "I was told-." "I am not to be permitted on this mission." Kat picked up the sentence and finished it for him with a smile. "Yes Mr. Scott, I am well aware. Just allow me a minute to bid my husband and brother good luck." She stepped past the Engineer and admitted herself into the Transporter chamber passing Jim who glanced at her before bending to give the crew some last minute instructions. "Whatever happens Mr. Sulu...if you think you have the tactical advantage you fire on that ship even if we're still on board. That's an order." He spoke in a low voice ignoring the slightly alarmed look Scotty gave him. There was a long pause before Sulu responded. "Yes Sir." Jim glanced over his shoulder where Spock and Kat were currently engaged in a light make out session. "Otherwise we'll contact the Enterprise when we're ready to be beamed back. Kirk over and out." He ended the transmission then turned to re-enter the Transporter Chamber, positioning himself next to Spock. "I will be back...for both of you." Spock murmured, his forehead resting against Kat's. "You better be." She looked up to fix him with her fiercest yet most vulnerable stare. "I'll be monitoring both your frequencies." She grasped his hand and kissed him one more time as he felt her abdomen right where their unborn child lay. Jim glanced over and upon noticing what was going on swallowed as if he were nauseated before quickly averting his gaze. "Captain." Kat nodded her head at him as she stepped across the platform to where he was standing next to her husband. "Kat." Jim nodded back at her trying to keep his eyes from straying to her mid section. "Just wanted to wish you luck...Take care of Mr. Spock for me." She grinned at him cheekily missing the look Spock gave her over his shoulder. Jim rolled his eyes. "Oh I'll take care of him all right." He muttered under his breath. Kat slugged him across the shoulder. "Ow!" "That was for what you did to him on the bridge." She snapped and turned to stalk off the platform nodding at Scotty to begin the beaming process as she exited through the doors. Jim frowned and rubbed his arm. "So she's pregnant?" He turned to look at Spock for confirmation. "I have no wish to discuss the matter." Spock cut him off. Scotty came over the intercom. "Okie Dokie then. If there's any common sense in the design of this ship I should be putting you somewhere in the cargo bay where there shouldn't be a soul in sight. You can make your way from there." He instructed. Jim turned away from Spock. "Energize!" He gave the order. Scotty hit the switch. ...
(Chapter 12. After this there's one more and then this story is over. Don't worry I do plan on continuing Katarina's adventures through Into Darkness. Hope you enjoy. I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 12 ... Somewhere in the cargo bay my ***! Jim fumed as he quickly switched his phaser to stun. Popping up from the ground, he took aim at the last Romulan taking him down before Spock could beat him to it. "Got him!" Jim lowered his blaster then hopped over the ledge he was using as cover. Spock followed, keeping his weapon up and ready as he scanned the immediate area for other threats. "You are certain you have the perimeter?" His eyes darted every which way before finally focusing on the unconscious Romulan. Jim nodded his head. "I got it. You find out what he knows about Pike and the Black Hole device." He cocked his gun and nodded at the Romulan he took out before scanning the chamber around them. Spock knelt and turned the Romulan's head slightly to the left before placing his fingers in a precise manner around his face. Closing his eyes, he took no more notice of his surroundings as he probed into the Romulan's mind. "**** it!" Jim cursed as he took out two Romulans who were attempting to snipe them out. "Hmm..." Spock raised his head and removed his fingers from the Romulan. Jim took a peek over his shoulder. "Did you find anything?" He took out another sniper. "Did you find the black hole device?" Spock nodded his head. "And Captain Pike." He raised his gun and took off at a run from the chamber. Jim followed until they reached a large hanger bay where a large shuttle stood guarded by a few security officers. Jim and Spock quickly disposed of the guards and ran into the ship, blinking when the shuttle's computer activited switching on the lights. "So...about you and Kat..." Jim began, panting a bit as Spock continued to jog through the corridor. "You guys didn't...consummate your relationship before the wedding did you?" He asked looking around as the ship's controls came to life. "I foresee a complication." Spock ignored Jim's questions. "The design of this ship is far more advanced than I had anticipated." He started for the main cockpit when a soft mechanical female voice cut into his thoughts. "Voice Print and Facial Recognition Activated. Welcome back, Ambassador Spock." Spock turned at sound of his name. "I beg your pardon?" "Wow, that's weird." Jim shrugged, far too casually as he walked past Spock to inspect the cockpit. Spock kept his focus on the computer monitor above him. "Computer, what is your manufacturing date?" He asked as some of the pieces came together in his mind. "Star date 2387. Commissioned by the Vulcan Science Academy." The computer answered readily. Spock turned his gaze towards Jim. "It appears you have been keeping valuable information from me." He marched into the cockpit. Jim turned away from the control panel. "You'll be able to fly this thing, right?" He asked. Spock raised an eyebrow. "Something tells me I already have." He muttered with a slight edge in his otherwise neutral tone. "Good. Good luck, Mr. Spock. I'll continue searching for Captain Pike." Jim turned to leave, setting his phaser back to kill as Spock briefly inspected the controls. "Jim...Captain Pike is being held on the third level of the Narada. Cell block 1119. The area will be heavily guarded. I suggest using evasive measures." "I got it." Jim nodded his head. "Captain, the statistical likelihood that our plan will succeed is less than 4.3%." Spock continued. "It will work." Jim cut him off. "I believe in you." He started to smile. "Your feelings aside, in the event that I do not return, please tell Ambassador Kirk that I-." "Spock!" Jim clapped him on the arm, silencing him momentarily. "It will work. Tell Kat yourself when we get back." He turned to leave. Spock turned and sat down at the ship's controls. "Fascinating." He murmured as the chair began to turn automatically towards the window. ... Something's not right here. Jim frowned as he crept through the halls. Unlike at the bottom level where Scotty had beamed them to the ship, there were no Romulans guarding any part of the third level. He continued to scan the area however as he crept out into what appeared to be the middle of the ship. There standing on a ledge about ten feet up from where Jim stood was Nero, himself unguarded and seemingly unarmed though Jim knew better than to assume this was so. "I got location on Nero." He tried to tap into his COMM and raised his phaser to attack position. "Nero order your men to disable the drill or I will-." Jim started and coughed when someone smashed the butt end of a rifle into his spine. Collapsing under the pain, Jim scrambled to pick up his gun but his attacker quickly kicked it away rendering him defenseless as Nero jumped across the ledges to get his position. "I know your face!" He huffed, grabbing Jim by the throat and picking him up. "From Earth's history!" Jim groaned as he heard his earpiece buzz. Nero slugged Jim in the face. "James T. Kirk was considered to be a great man." He spat as Jim's COMM fell down into the abyss. "He went on to Captain the U.S.S. Enterprise, but that was another life. A life I will deprive you of just like I did your Father." He threw Jim back onto the ground and began to choke him watching as the younger man's face turned slowly blue. "Captain Nero, the Vulcan ship's been taken. The drill has been destroyed." A voice suddenly came over the intercom, distracting Nero from the Captain. "What?!" He sprang to his feet, glaring at the ceiling as if it had somehow ruined his work. "Spock!" He ran across the ledge and jumped to a platform three feet from his current position. "Spock!" Jim coughed and struggled to get to his feet as Nero leaned over one of the communcation panels. "Open a channel now!" He glared at the screen. "Your species is even weaker than I thought." The Romulan who had attacked Jim earlier poked him with the toe of his boot as he struggled to his hands and knees. Coughing at the searing pain that ran up his side Jim vaguely heard Nero shout something at Spock as he looked around anxiously at the surrounding ledges. "You can't speak." The Romulan sneered as he knelt to pick up Jim by the middle of his throat. "You can barely move." He breathed sending his foul breath straight down into Jim's nostrils. "Ah Gah uh..." Jim groaned as he struggled with his attacker's grip. "What?" The Romulan tightened his grip. Jim took his chance and grabbed at the pistol hanging out of the Romulan's right hip holster. "I've got your gun!" He shoved the tip of the phaser into his attacker's gut, pulling the trigger without hesitation. ... "This is Commander Spock. I have successfully destroyed the drilling device. All transportion and communication abilties should be restored to the Enterprise." Spock COMMed in setting an auto-control on his spacecraft as he talked. "Read you loud and clear, Commander." Sulu nodded as he opened the communication waves. "Standing by to transport you at your command." "Spock! Thank Goodness!" Kat leaned over his shoulder. "You found the black hole device?" She tried to sound calm despite the racing of her heart. "Affirmative. Stand by and await my word for transport." Spock disconnected the transmission and opened the channel to the Narada. Kat smiled as Nero's angry face greeted her husband on the other end. "Spock! I knew I should have killed you when I had the chance!" He spat, his dark eyes boring holes into Spock's own. Spock responded calmly. "I hereby confiscate this illegally obtained vessel and order you to surrender your ship. No terms." He pulled lightly on the thrusters. Nero moved swiftly away from the screen. "Destroy that ship!" He turned to the nearest gunner. "Sir if you ignite the red matter at that distance-!" "I want Spock dead now!" Nero stamped his foot. Spock hit the warp controls just as the Narada began open firing on his vessel. ... "Kirk?" Pike blinked, his vision going bleary as the young Cadet turned Captain raced across the torture chamber to the table where he was being held taking out the three Romulans who were guarding him. "Yes Sir." Jim put his gun away and wrestled with the first restraint. "Don't worry everything is under control." "I don't understand." Pike frowned, blinking as if overcome by a sudden migraine. "What are you doing here?" "Just following orders." Jim started to smile when Pike suddenly pushed him over on the table. In one swift movement he grabbed his phaser pistol, pulled it out of its holster and shot down two Romulans before losing his energy. "Ah!" Pike sank painfully back down on the table. Jim hurried to pull him to his feet. "Think you can walk, Sir?" He asked throwing an arm around the older man's torso. Pike winced when his foot slipped under his weight. "How far?" Jim grabbed his COMM. "Enterprise now!" He quickly connected with the ship. "Enterprise to Kirk! Read you loud and clear. Stand by for transport." Mr. Scott readily answered the call. "This is Ambassador Kirk! Mr. Scott! Spock is headed into a collision with the Narada. You have to transport him before the red matter activates!" Kat cut in before Scotty could end communication. "Doing what I can, Madam! Doing what I can!" Scott answered, quickly computing the necessary distances before setting the coordinates for transport. "Hurry! His ship will hit the Narada in less than five seconds!" The Ambassador's voice returned, more urgent this time. Frowning Scotty reached for the transport switch hitting a button on his headset to channel back to the bridge. "Transporting the Commander and Captain Kirk in five...four..three..two..." He pulled the switch and held his breath. ... "Captain on the bridge!" Chekov smiled as the doors whooshed open. Jim returned his smile. "Captain the enemy ship is paralyzed! Their weapons are down! Shields are at less than 20%." Kat reported smiling as she got up to greet the two men. Jim nodded his head at her. "Hail them now!" He ordered. "Yes Sir!" Uhura worked quickly to do as she was told. "I told you I would be back." Spock spoke softly yet defiantly, pulling gently away from the force of Kat's embrace. His expression told her he knew she had ordered his evacuation from the shuttle before he could order it himself. Kat merely shrugged at him. "I know." She smiled sheepishly brushing at the rumpled fabric of his uniform. "But to be fair, you scared me." She stroked his chin then turned to go back to her post. Spock started to speak. "You!" Nero all but snarled, cutting into the moment as his image appeared on the main screen. "This is Acting Captain Kirk of the U.S.S. Enterprise." Jim fixed his gaze on the Romulan Leader. "Your ship is compromised. Too close to the singularity to survive without assistance which we are willing to provide." He spoke with all the authority of a Starfleet Leader. Kat and Spock exchanged confused glances as the former sank into her seat. "Captain, what are you doing?" Spock moved to stand next to the Acting Captain. Jim turned away from the screen. "Showing them a little compassion. It could be the only way to restore peace with the Romulans. It's logic, Spock. I thought you might like that." He whispered. Spock briefly considered this. "No not really. Not this time." He shook his head. Kat concealed a smirk. "I would rather suffer the end of Romulas a thousand times! I would rather die in agony than accept help from you!" Nero snapped, his eyes glowing with anger and hatred. Jim merely nodded his head in an almost civil manner. "You got it. Arm phasers. Fire everything we got." He turned to resume the Captain's seat. "Yes Sir!" Sulu practically grinned as he pulled the trigger. A deep shudder pulsed through the Enterprise as it strained against the gravitational pull of the black hole. Nero shut his eyes ignoring the peril of his crew as the ion cannons destroyed what was left of his ship's support system. The transmission went out and the screen went blank as the Narada finally succumbed to the swirling vortex below. "Sulu let's go home!" Jim strapped himself in as the Enterprise trembled against the immense pressure of the black hole. "Yes Sir!" Sulu activated the ship's warp engine. The Enterprise shuddered and strained against the gravitational pull. "Jim?" Kat turned from her computer worried when the ship didn't go into warp instantly. Jim met her gaze. "Why aren't we at warp?" He directed the question at Sulu. "We are Sir!" Chekov insisted. Spock turned from his panel. "The ship is caught in the gravitational well. It is impossible to escape." He quickly deducted. Jim ignored his statement. "This is Kirk to Engineering! Get us out of here Scotty!" He opened a communication channel. "You bet your *** Captain!" Scotty frantically zipped around the Engineering chamber checking each engine turbine. "Maximum Warp! Push it!" Jim ordered. "Jim! It's no use! The ship is crumbling!" Kat cut in, her eyes wide as the ship's hull cracked behind her. Jim shook his head at her. "No, there has to be a way!" He COMMed back to Scotty. "What's going on down there?" "Sorry Sir! I'm giving it all she's got!" Scotty responded almost immediately. Kat screamed as a console shattered above her. Next to her the Cadet working at the pressure gauges blanched when he read the numbers. Slowly Kat looked up to meet Spock's slightly worried gaze with a frightened one of her own as the front window cracked under the strain. "All she's got isn't good enough! What else have you got?" Jim asked over the roar of the engines. "Ah! Okay okay! If we eject the core and detonate the blast could be enough to push us away! I cannot promise anything though!" Scotty thought frantically. The wall next to Sulu creaked loudly against the pressure as if to agree with the Head Engineer. "Do it! Do it! Do it!" The ship careened sharply to one side as Jim gave his final order. Kat grabbed onto the sides of her chair steadying herself when an explosion jolted the Enterprise frying what was left of the Communication signal. Suddenly the ship shot forward with alarming speed throwing those who were not securely strapped in straight across the ship. Kat braced herself on her keypad. "We made it!" Uhura gasped exchanging glances with Kat as the ship pulled free from the black hole. "We're safe!" Another crew member breathed. Kat sighed and unstrapped herself from her seat. "Well done, Captain. An impressive tactic." Spock approved quietly from his post. Jim turned to meet his gaze. "Thank you. Not bad for a Loser huh?" He turned to grin cockily at his sister. Kat just shrugged her shoulders at him. "Eh I suppose. Though I wouldn't get too cocky, Captain." She grinned and turned to test the communication signals. Jim waved her off. "Whatever...Okay Mr. Sulu let's go home." He leaned forward in his seat grinning with anticipation. Sulu nodded his head. "Right away Sir!" He reached for warp switch. ...
(Chapter 13 and finale of part 1. After recieving a question from one of my readers and considering my options I have decided to continue part 2 in this story so it will be easier for my readers to continue following this story. Hope you enjoy this final piece of part 1 and thank you all again for all your reviews and follows and likes. I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 13 ... "There you are!" Kat smiled when she finally found her husband walking alone in the hanger bay back at Starfleet Headquarters. Four peaceful weeks had passed since the crew of the Enterprise successfully returned to Earth with the Romulans defeated and Captain Pike well on his way to recovery. Jim was to recieve a promotion of honor tomorrow from Starfleet and the Vulcans were already making plans to regroup and repopulate on an unused planetoid located not far from the location of their first home. Sarek was at the head of the operation along with the other Vulcan elders. Spock wanted to be a part of the effort as well, but his Father convinced him to stay on Earth on behalf of Kat and their child. A decision Kat feared was upsetting to him no matter what he said or how he behaved. As for Kat herself, her sleep disturbances lessened since Nero was defeated and though they did not cease completely, the healthy progression of her pregnancy took her mind off of most of the stress and trauma of her nightmares. "Are you okay?" Kat watched Spock's seemingly blank expression with concern in her own. Spock stopped walking. "At the moment...I am completely well." He turned to face her and allowed his gaze to fall onto her still flat mid section which had yet to show with the signs of her pregnancy. "And you? Are you and the child well?" He asked keeping his arms folded stiffly behind his back. Kat sighed and gently grabbed his chin before forcing him to raise his gaze back to her own. "Yes, but that's not what I was asking." She spoke softly yet firmly. "You've been down since your Father left to re-establish a new Vulcan colony with the elders." She stroked his face. Spock shook his head. "Katarina-." "No, I know how much it means to you." Kat fought to keep her voice steady. "I'll be fine here for awhile. You should go and help your people. It's the least I can do to let you go after all you've done for me since we met." She bit her lip. Spock stared seemingly stunned by her emotional statement. "You would...do that for me?" He cocked his head to the side. Kat averted her eyes. "If it will make you happy. Yes." She nodded with some reluctance in her expression. Now it was Spock's turn to raise her gaze. "To leave now would be highly illogical...especially since you are in need of me now." He allowed his hands to gently graze the soft supple skin on the pads of her cheeks. Kat rolled her eyes a bit. "I'm only a month along. Jim will be here and so will Bones and Uhura at least until they get called out on duty again." She took his right hand and pulled it slowly down to the level of her face. "Please, don't let me or this baby stop you from doing what you want. I'll support you no matter what you choose to do." She smiled and stroked his hand gently with her own. Spock gripped her smaller hand lightly in response. "You mistake my decision...as a sacrifice unwillingly made." He spoke softly. Kat looked up to meet his eyes. "When the truth is, I chose to remain here Katarina because I wish to be with you and our child." He smiled softly in a way that made him seem more human than he normally did. Kat smiled back and started to lean forward to kiss him when she saw someone , a Vulcan with aged grey hair and pointed ears just like Spock's walking behind the couple as if investigating one of the consular vessels docked nearby. "Sarek?" She called out while at the same time recalling that her Father in Law had already left on the ship to New Vulcan. The man turned abruptly at her call at the same time Spock turned meeting the gaze of the older Vulcan. Kat gasped. "You..." She started and trailed off when she saw the shape of the Vulcan's eyes, rounder and more expressive than a full blooded Vulcan's would be. The man nodded smiling as Spock's gaze turned questioning at him. "I am not my Father." He turned to approach the young couple smiling as he gazed first at Kat then at Spock. Kat looked to Spock for answers, but he seemed as confused as she was initially. "There are so few Vulcans left. We cannot afford to ignore each other." The Vulcan continued, matching Spock's posture as he came a stop about two feet away from where the couple stood. Spock's confusion faded. "Then why did you send Kirk aboard? When you alone could have explained-?" "Because you needed each other." The older Vulcan cut him off. "I could not deprive you of the revelation of all that you could accomplish together. Of a friendship that would define you both in ways you cannot yet realize. And of course...I did it for her." He smiled affectionately at Kat who gaped him puzzled. Spock turned to follow his gaze. "How did you persuade him to keep your secret?" He inquired, not diverting his gaze immediately from his wife. "Well he inferred that universe ending paradoxes would ensue should he break his promise." The elder Vulcan shrugged. Spock narrowed his eyes. "You lied." "Oh...I inferred." He shook his head. "A gamble." Kat finally spoke up. "An act of faith." The older Vulcan corrected her. "One I hope your husband will repeat in the future at Starfleet." He returned his gaze to Spock. Spock shook his head. "In the face of extinction it is only logical that I resign my Starfleet Commission following the birth of my child in order to help rebuild and rehabilitate our race." He looked at the ground. The elder Vulcan chuckled at this. "And yet you are the one who can be in two places at once." He smoothed his expression. "I urge you to remain in Starfleet. Since a suitable planet has already been found on which a Vulcan Colony can be established and expected to thrive in the many years to come." Spock raised his gaze. "But-." "Spock, in this case do yourself a favor...and for your wife." The old Vulcan lowered his voice. "Put aside logic and do what feels right." He turned to leave the hanger bay and stopped as if something had suddenly occured to him. "Of course, since my customary farewell would seem awfully self serving, I shall simply say good luck." He raised his hand in the customary Vulcan gesture of farewell. Spock and Kat raised their hands to return the gesture. "Live long...and Prosper." The old man nodded one last time at the young couple then turned to leave using one of the side exits to the hanger bay. Kat lowered her arm and turned to shoot her husband with a questioning look. "Why does it feel like we know him from somewhere?" She furrowed her brow. Spock remained silent for a minute staring after the path the old Vulcan took to take his leave of them moments before. "I think I know." He turned to meet her gaze. ... "Thrusters on full! Entering thrusters and impulse engines at your command, Sir." Sulu reported as he and the rest of the crew of the U.S.S. Enterprise prepared for take off. A new mission loomed ahead and with a new Captain at the wheel, the familiar thrill of adventure hummed through every chamber and department of the Enterprise. "Weapon Systems and shields on standby." Chekov smiled as he doubled checked his controls. "Dock control reports ready, Captain." Uhura rolled around in her chair. The turbo lift doors opened as if in response. Jim stepped on the bridge, a large smile on his face and new gold uniform fitted over his slim black trousers. "Bones!" He greeted his new Chief Medical Officer first as he made his way to the Captain's Chair. "Buckle up!" Bones flinched a bit as Jim clapped him loudly on the shoulder. "I'll never get used to this." He muttered as Jim plopped down with a satisfactory thump into the Captain's Chair. "Scotty, how we doing?" He opened a channel to the Engineering Chamber. "Dilithium Chambers at maximum, Captain." Scotty answered almost readily to the Captain's question. "Great!" Jim smiled and disconnected the transmission. "Mr. Sulu prepare to engage thrusters." He sat back in his seat. Sulu nodded his head. "Yes Sir." He reached for the warp switch and stopped when he heard the turbo lift doors open. "Permission to come aboard, Captain?" Spock stepped off the lift, Kat at his side. Jim turned in his chair. "Permission granted, Mr. Spock. Miss Kirk on the other hand is on mandatory maternity leave." He stared pointedly at his older sister who was now two months gone. "That's not for you to decide anymore, Captain." Kat made sure to place special emphasis on her brother's new title. "Admiral Pike requested that I join your crew for supervisory reasons so I'm reporting in for duty." She smiled and squeezed on Spock's hand before returning her attention to the new Captain, her expression daring Jim to try and order her off the Enterprise. Jim rolled his eyes and nodded his head quickly in the general direction of Kat's regular seat. "At your post then. Try not to puke though when we take off, the maintenance crew just got finished with the place." He smirked. Kat glared and flicked him in the ear. "Ow!" "Captain as you have yet to select a first officer respectfully I would like to submit my candidacy." Spock quickly diverted the young Captain's attention. He glanced at Kat before continuing. "Should you desire I can provide character references." Jim turned to follow Spock's gaze briefly. "It would be my honor, Commander." He smiled and glanced carefully back in Kat's direction. "Take care of her. She's a pain, but she's all I got." He spoke lowly so Kat wouldn't overhear him from across the bridge. Spock simply nodded his head. "Of course, Captain." He turned to assume his own seat, stopping to exchange a brief kiss with Kat on the way . Space...the final frontier. Jim grinned as he recalled the words to himself. "Thrusters on stand by, Captain!" Sulu reported readying himself to pull the ship out into hyperspace upon his new leader's command. Jim leaned back in his seat. "Take us out." He grinned almost greedily as he look out at the vast stretch of empty space before him. These will be the voyages of the U.S.S. Enterprise. To boldy go where no one has ever gone before. ... (End of part 1. What do you think? I plan to try and elaborate more on Jim and Kat's relationship in part 2 so if you're not satisfied with how I ended it here don't worry it's still on going. Also I'd like to take some suggestions on names for Spock and Kat's child. I have some ideas but you guys might have better ones. XD In any case thanks for reading and stay tuned for the next part)
(I could not resist. I know it's late but I had to add one more update. Hope you enjoy! :) I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 14 ... "Kirk to Shuttle One! Locals are out of the kill zone! You're clear! Repeat! Spock, get in there and neutralise the volcano so we can get out of here!" Jim barked into his COMM as he continued running at a maddening pace across the blazing Nibirian landscape. Bones ran at his heels. "Roger!" Sulu responded pulling a lever above his head. Kat rolled her eyes as she fiddled with a piece of Spock's anti-heat suit. "Remind me again, why are we doing this?" She leaned up on her toes to secure a cooling pack to Spock's back groaning when her overly large belly got in her way. Spock raised his eyebrows. "The Nibirian race faces extinction if we do not neutralize the volcano therefore it has become necessary for us to-." "I know!" Kat quickly cut him off, bending to check his temperature regulators before coming back to a standing position. "I just don't like the idea of you going down there that's all. In a volcano with a cold fusion pack and nothing but a cable wire to get you out." She frowned as all the viable possibilities concerning the outcome of his mission floated through her mind. Spock placed an armored hand on her cheek. "The plan is sound, Katarina. You have nothing to fear." He tried to reassure her as the shuttle jolted suddenly throwing them a little off balance. Kat started to smile. "Ambassador, we're almost in position!" Uhura reported from her post back in the co-pilot's seat of the shuttle. Kat nodded her head. The ship jolted again and Sulu cursed as Spock caught his wife before she could fall. "Captain! Did the indigenous life forms see you?" Spock asked once the shuttle had leveled out again. "No Mr. Spock! They did not!" Jim's voice crackled into the intercom as Kat regained her balance and continued with the final preparations to Spock's suit. "D*** it! If we're going to do this! We have to do it now!...I told the Captain the shuttle wasn't build for this kind of heat!" Sulu jumped out of his seat heading to the back of the shuttle to let Spock out as Uhura took over for him. "We're almost done!" Kat reassured him. Spock hit his COMM button again. "Captain the prime directive clearly states there can be no interference with the internal development of alien civilizations." He stated calmly and informatively as Kat closed the face shield on his helmet. "I know what it says!" Jim shouted back. "That is why I'm running through the jungle wearing a disguise! Now drop off your super ice cube and let's go! Kirk out!" He cut off the line. "Okay! You're good!" Kat encouragingly patted Spock on his shoulder before stepping back to admire her work. Spock nodded his head at her then stepped forward to embrace one last time as Sulu brought over the fusion pack he had requested. "I will be back." He said to her just like he did on the Enterprise eight months ago when he left to attempt to rescue Admiral Pike from the Romulans. Kat nodded her head. "I know." She wrapped her arms around her swollen midsection and watched as her husband quickly knelt to inspect the pack before taking it with him. An alarm suddenly sounded through the shuttle. "Sulu?" Uhura turned uncertainly from the controls. "The ash is killing our coils! We're not going to be able to maintain this distance much longer! We gotta go now!" Sulu grimaced as he jogged across the shuttle to get back to his seat. Spock rose to his feet swiftly grabbing freeze pack as he did so. Kat came forward one more time to check his helmet. "You sure you don't want me to go instead?" She joked, trying to lighten the mood. Spock furrowed his brows. "That would be highly illogical as I am already outfitted and you are in no condition-." "Spock! Relax. I was kidding!" Kat giggled and leaned up to kiss him on his face mask. "You got this." She attached him to the drop cable then turned to go take her seat as Sulu took the shuttle at a dangerous turn around the Volcano. "Guys we gotta move!" Sulu's tone turned more urgent as Kat sat down and strapped herself in. "Is Spock ready to go?" Kat nodded her head. "And rearing." She took a deep breath and kept a hand around her belly. "You okay?" Uhura asked, peeking around her shoulder as Sulu hit the switch dropping the floor beneath Spock's feet. Kat took another deep breath as the shuttle strained and jolted against Spock's weight. "I'm fine. Let's just get this over with so we can pull him up and get back to the Enterprise." She drummed on her leg. Uhura nodded her head. "En route to the drop off point now." She spoke into her COMM turning to glance at Sulu as he took the dying shuttle zipping around towards the gaping smoking mouth of the volcano. Kat started when one of the engines started flashing. "Blast it! I can't hold this position! We're going to have to pull him up!" Spock scrambled with the controls as he attempted to pull the shuttle away from the volcano. "Negative." Spock's calm cool voice answered through the intercom. "This is our only chance to save the species. If the volcano erupts the planet dies." His answer sent a sinking feeling into Kat's heart. She knew why he responded this way. After what happened to Vulcan she wasn't surprised in the least that her husband was unwilling to allow another planet to go. However the fact that they were over a volcano that could in a matter of minutes erupt and kill everyone did not reassure her in the least. Suddenly the ship jolted again and Kat braced herself on her seat by instinct. "What was that?" She demanded looking first at Uhura then at Sulu. Uhura checked her monitors. "Spock's cable snapped. He's falling unrestrained into the mouth of the volcano." Her fast went ashen at the implications behind her deduction. "What?!" Kat sprang from her seat. "Get him online now!" She insisted forgetting herself for a minute. Uhura quickly complied. "Yes Ma'am." She hit the appropriate controls and motioned for her mentor to come forward. "Spock? Are you all right? Are your hurt?" Kat tried to speak as levelly as possible but her fear was washing over her like freshly laid paint. There was a moment of silence. "I am...surprisingly unharmed. Stand by." Spock answered, disconnecting the call before Kat could respond. "Spock!..." Kat tried and sank dejectedly back into her seat. Uhura watched her worriedly. "Don't worry Kat, we'll get him out." She tried to reassure her, but her efforts were pointless. "How? The cable's broken and the shuttle's about to go down! How are we going to get him out of there?" She threw her hands up in the air. Uhura thought for a minute. "I could suit up and go after him. Attach myself to our spare cable and pull him out before the fusion pack activates." She looked to Sulu for approval. Sulu shook his head. "There's no time! We have to abandon the shuttle! Kat, do you think you can swim back to the Enterprise?" He asked, setting the shuttle to autopilot before getting to peel off his uniform. Uhura did the same revealing the wet suit all three of them were wearing under their clothes. Kat crossed her arms across her chest. "I'm not leaving Spock!" She put her foot down. "We don't have a choice!" Sulu argued, his expression hardening then softening as he looked at Kat's distressed expression. "Kat, I'm sorry. We'll do what we can once we reach the Enterprise." He lowered his voice. Kat let out a sigh. "Fine, Uhura help me up." She struggled to get up from her seat as the shuttle took a steep dive to the right. "Spock?" She tapped into her personal COMM attempting to wiggle out of her spare uniform as Uhura helped her stand. "We're going back to the Enterprise. Stand by and wait for someone to get back to you. We'll find a way to pull you out." She quickly tried to reassure her husband as Sulu reached to open the emergency exit. "Here take this!" Uhura quickly strapped a parachute pack to Kat's back. "It'll slow your fall and prevent the baby from getting hurt." She tested it to make sure it was secure before nodding at Sulu to tell him they were ready. Kat smiled gratefully at her. "Thank you Uhura." Uhura smiled back. "Okay! On three! One...two...three!" Sulu pulled the switch. The floor dropped beneath them and Kat gasped as they dropped hurtling rapidly towards the wide ocean. Mentally counting off the seconds, she hit the button to activate her chute and relaxed a bit when it slowed her fall allowing her to drop like a feather into the water below. Uhura swam up to her side and together the two of them followed Sulu to the Enterprise, their jet propellers doing most of the work until they reached the entrance into the ship. "You're back?...But where's Spock? Is he still in that volcano?" Scotty asked, looking flustered as he met his fellow crew members at the air lock. Sulu nodded his head. "The shuttle wasn't strong enough. We'll have to figure out another way to pull him out. If it's even possible." He muttered the last part to himself. Scotty looked grim. "Well it's already taking a toll on the Enterprise to hide her in the water I'm not sure if she could withstand the heat from that Volcano let alone be concealed from the natives." "Ah!" Kat suddenly cried out doubled over in pain as Uhura tried to steady her. Scotty whipped his head around in her direction. "Are we taking in more water?" He asked, looking around the area for a sign of damage. Kat shook her head. "No, it's me. My water just broke." She looked up at the two men with terror on her face. Scotty paled. "Oh no..." ... "Captain on the bridge!" Chekov chirped as the turbo lift doors opened admitting Jim and Bones still in their wet suits on the bridge. Jim quickly glanced around. "Lieutenant do we have an open channel to Spock?" He asked frowning when he didn't see Kat or Uhura at their posts. "The heat is frying his COMMs, but we still have contact." A young lieutenant sitting in for Uhura reported back readily as he scrambled over the controls. "Hail him now." Jim ordered before moving his gaze to Sulu. "Mr. Sulu, where are Lieutenant Uhura and Ambassador Kirk?" "Ambassador Kirk went into labor shortly after we arrived, Sir. Uhura is sitting in with her at the med bay." Sulu reported, the worry clear in his expression. Jim felt the blood drain on his face. "D***!" Bones cursed running his hands through his hair just as a large fish swam by the ship. "Med Bay to Bridge. Is Dr. McCoy back on board?" Nurse Chapel COMMed in before Jim could respond to Sulu. Bones turned to leave the bridge. "I'm on my way! How many contractions has she had?" He asked. Jim groaned as the turbo lift doors hissed loudly shut after him. "Captain I have successfully activated the device. When the countdown is complete the reaction should render the volcano inert." Spock reported in, calm and completely oblivious to the frenzy that was going on back on the Enterprise. "Yeah and it's going to render him inert." Sulu muttered frowning as he stared at the screen before him. Jim tried to think fast. "Can we get him out using our transport abilities?" He asked, directing the question back at Sulu. "Negative Sir. Not with these magnetic fields." Sulu shook his head. Jim bit his lip. "Spock's kid is on the way! I need to get him back on this ship. Give me one way to do it!" He ordered clenching his fists at his sides. "Well perhaps if we had a direct line of sight, get closer to the volca-." Chekov started to suggest when Scotty cut him off. "Hold on! You're talking about an active volcano! Sir, if that thing erupts I cannot guarantee we can withstand the heat!" He turned his attention abruptly back to Jim. "I don't even know if we can maintain that kind of altitude." Sulu put in. Jim gave him a "you're not helping" look. "Our shuttle was concealed by the ash cloud, but the Enterprise is too large. If utilised in a rescue effot it would be revealed to the indigenous species." Spock came back over the intercom. Jim let his eyes close. "Spock no one knows the rules better than you, but there has got to be an exception! Your wife's in labor for God's sake!" There was a slight pause. "None...Such action violates the prime directive." Spock's answer came with no break in his tone though the transmission was cutting out thanks to the heat. "He's not being serious." Scotty stared in disbelief at the screen. "The needs of many outweigh the needs of the few." Spock answered still much too calmly for the stakes that were set. "Spock stop it! We're talking about your life here!" Jim finally lost his patience. His vision began to blur as he heard Spock's COMM fry out. "Spock!" He tried again. There was no response. "Mr. Rayden try and get Mr. Spock back online!" He turned to order the young Lieutenant. "Yes Sir!" Rayden nodded and hurried to do as he was told. Jim stared at the readouts in front of him all indicating the dwindling stability of Spock's heat suit. He thought about Kat back in the Med Bay probably cursing Spock out as she labored to give birth to her first child. He thought of how angry and upset she would be when she found out Spock had died doing something that was in all techicality against the rules of their mission. She would blame Jim first then probably Starfleet for sending them off in the first place. Jim quickly reached a decision. "I have to get him out of there. If Spock were here and I were there, what would he do?" He asked more to himself than to anyone else. Knowing the Vulcan, he'd obey his primal instincts to logic and let him die in the Volcano sparing the Nibirians and keeping to the code of the mission. Jim wasn't Vulcan though and he wasn't about to let his brother by law die because of a mission directive. Especially when he was about to become a Father within the next few hours. "Get us above that volcano. Get him out of there! No matter what it takes!" He ordered, staring at Sulu until he complied to the order. "Yes Sir." He hit the switch activating the ship. Jim took a deep shuddering breath. Hang on in there, Spock. We're coming. Like it or not, we're coming for you. ...
(Kind of a short chapter. I hope you like it. I really don't know how this chapter will be recieved. :) I own nothing but Kat.) ... Part 15 ... "No! No! It's too early!...I can't have this baby now!" Kat cried, writhing as the pain tore through her entire body. Bones grimaced. "I don't think that's up to you, Sweetheart." He tried to be sympathetic as he checked to see how far she was dilated. "These things have a mind of their own and right now I'd say your baby will be here in less than three hours." He took a seat. Kat turned to glare at him. "Did you just call my baby a thing?" She hissed. Uhura squeezed her other hand. "Kat relax. He didn't mean it that way." She tried to be comforting. "Yeah it's gonna render him inert!" Sulu's voice suddenly crackled through the intercom. Uhura jumped as Kat tensed visibly next to her. "What does that mean? Who's going to be inert?" Her voice climbed in panic as Bones crossed the room to reach the intercom. "No one!" Uhura tried vainly to keep her mentor calm. "Everything's going to be all right Kat, you have-." "Our shuttle was concealed by the ash cloud, but the Enterprise is too large. If utilised for a rescue effort it would be revealed to the indigenous species." Spock's crackly voice interrupted whatever Uhura had been about to say. Kat jolted up on her bio bed. "No! You can't do that to me Spock! You have to come back! You promised! I can't do this without you!" Tears filled her eyes, but Uhura forced her to lie back down. "Katarina don't!" "D*** it!" Bones cursed as he hurried back to Kat's side. "It looks like the Captain is opening up all the channels to try to maintain connection with means I can't shut it off in here...The volcano must be frying out his recievers!" He grumbled. Uhura shot him a look that if looks alone could kill would have sent McCoy instantly away in a body bag. "Ahhh!" Kat cried out again, this time crushing Uhura's fingers in her own. "No no no...!" "Uhura! Try to keep her still!" McCoy hastily situated himself in front of Kat, mopping the sweat from his brow. The COMMs crackled in and out. "The needs of many outweigh the needs of the few..." "Okay, it's almost time." Bones looked up to meet Kat's gaze watching her panic grow as she listened to Spock's words. "No...please don't do this." She tightened her grip on Uhura's hand. "Don't leave us..." "Spock! We are talking about your life!" Jim responded almost as if he had heard his sister's distress. "Kat! With your next contraction I need you to push as hard as you can! Do you hear me?" Bones tried to remain calm though it was hard with the situation at hand. Kat violently shook her head at him. "I'm not having this baby without Spock!" She took a shallow breath and clenched her eyes shut against the pain. Bones rolled his eyes. "Kirk to Med Bay! We're taking the Enterprise out and away! How's my sister doing in there, Bones?" Jim channeled directly to the Med Bay. Bones looked up from the biobed. "She's about ready to go! Just get that hobgoblin back here, Jim! I don't know how much more of this she's going to take!" He grabbed a tricorder and flicked it on before reassuming his seat. "Roger that! Tell her I'll be in there to see her soon!" Jim responded before disconnecting the transmission. Kat managed to glare at the Doctor. "I want my husband not Jim!" She growled while Uhura accepted a fresh bowl of cool water from a nurse. "We know Kat! He'll be here! Don't worry! Jim's not going to let him go that easy!" Uhura sighed and mopped the sweat from the young mother-to-be's forehead. "And when he does get in, you can give him a piece of your mind." She smiled trying to lighten the tension. Kat let out a groan. "Oh I'll give him a piece of my mind all right!" She knocked over the cup of ice chips someone had brought her earlier. "That ***!" Bones's eyebrows skid to the top of his forehead as Uhura bent to pick up the ice chips. He'd never heard Kat curse before even when she had been furious last week because Jim had snuck two Aeolian women into bed with him after he promised to stop being promiscuous. This made him feel slightly worried for Spock though the feeling dissipated quickly. "Believe me Darling, he'll deserve every tongue lash he gets. But for now you need to relax. I don't want to have to put you under if I can help it." He ran his tricorder up and down her body shaking it a couple times when the signal flickered. Kat gasped with pain. "Going under...doesn't sound like a bad idea." She moaned rubbing her hands down the swollen area of her midsection. Uhura patted her shoulder. "Trust me we don't want to have to go there. Uhura, go bring her some more ice chips!" Bones barked, waving off the Lieutenant before lifting up the blanket at Kat's feet. Uhura started to protest. "But I..." "Uhura go!" Bones slammed his tricorder down scaring the Lieutenant into doing as she was told. Bones sat up and ran a hand through his mussed hair before giving his attention back to patient. "Okay Kat, listen to me. You're almost fully dilated. When you feel another contraction coming count to three with me and push as hard as you can, you got it?" He attempted to soften his voice, but it did little to soothe the frightened woman in front of him. "I can't do this...it's too early and Spock's not here...It's all wrong!" Tears slid down her cheeks as a nurse rushed by dropping the PADDs she was carrying as the ship jolted to the right. Bones took her hand. "I know, but you don't have a choice. If you don't do this, your baby will die. Now come on!" He gave her trembling fingers a gentle squeeze knowing full well she would not be as gentle within a few minutes. Kat stared pleadingly at him. "Please..." Her pleas got cut off by a strong wave of pain. Bones felt her grip tighten instantly over his fingers. "Okay!...Okay on three now!" He coached. "One...two...push!" "AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" ... "Spock!...You all right?" Jim skidded into the transport room barely coming to a halt in time to avoid a collision with his steaming first officer. "Captain you let them see our ship." Spock furrowed his brows in evident disapproval. Bones rolled his eyes at the comment. "Oh like that's the issue! Do you realize what you put your wife through just now?" He growled the words. Spock stepped off the beaming platform. "Is Katarina all right?" He asked his concern clear even to Bones as he carefully removed his helmet from his suit. "Is she safe?" Bones snipped back at him. "Yeah no thanks to you, you green blooded hobgoblin! I had to perform an emergency C-Section, but she'll be fine once the sedative wears off." Jim spun on his heel. "A C-Section? What?...What happened?" He demanded. Bones shook his head. "Uhura to Captain Kirk! Is Commander Spock back on board?" Uhura COMMed in cutting Bones off before he could have a chance to explain himself. Jim uttered a sigh. "Yes he is. Safely and sound. How's Katarina?" He asked running a hand through his still moist hair as he talked. The signal crackled. "She's still out. Please notify Commander Spock that his device has successfully detonated." Jim heard a sound that sounded like she slammed her COMM shut before he disconnected the call. "You hear that Spock? You just saved an entire planet. Now what do you mean you had to perform a C-Section, Bones?" He asked, directing his question back at the doctor. Spock nodded his head. "Indeed. Your wording implies that there was a complication during the birthing, Doctor." Spock directed his response directly at Bones. Bones rolled his eyes. "You two better just come with me. It'll be easier than explaining." He turned to leave the chamber. Jim frowned at the implications behind his statement. "Bones..." "Don't worry. She's going to be fine. They both are. It's a boy, by the way. Six pounds and four ounces. Congratulations you Idiot." Bones glared at Spock before opening the doors that led out of the transport chamber. Spock's eyebrows rose to the tip of his forehead at that news. "Is Katarina all right?" He called after the Doctor. "Is she healthy?" ...
(Next Chapter. I hope you guys like it. I tried my best to make sure it sounded like Kat and Spock love each other even though they're fighting. Also I am no medical expert so I'm sorry if a lot of the stuff I wrote here about the baby's health makes no sense. I own nothing but Kat.) Emmabou: Thank you. I hope you enjoy this next chapter. :) NicoleR85: Thanks. I actually thought of several ways of how to insert my OC Katarina into the Khan story here so I hope you like the way it goes. Thanks for your review Ghosts of the Past: I will try to update again soon, but I like to spend a lot of time editing my chapters so I'm sorry if I do not post as often as you would like. :) Please enjoy this chapter Saissa: I saw your point as I reread the chapter so I edited the ending a bit on the last chapter. I hope you enjoy this new chapter too. Thanks for your review it was very helpful to me :) ... Part 16 ... "Spock!" Kat jolted awake, tears soaking her face as they did many times since the birth of her and Spock's newborn son. The nightmares had started anew, more vivid and more terrifying than ever and this time they were different. No longer did the horrible images of her Father being torn to bits while trapped inside a crumbling space ship plague her sleep every night. Now it was her husband, her brother and sometimes even her friends staring up at her with a lifeless glaze in their wide terrified eyes. Kat sighed and rolled over in the bed which was empty on Spock's side. A faint light in the hallway told her he was in the kitchen probably meditating or looking over his notes for tomorrow. Across the room was the crib where their son Grey, short for Greysam slept seemingly undisturbed for once in his short life. Although Kat could hear him from where she was breathing evenly and quite audibly in his sleep, the knowledge that her baby was constantly being sick and ailing because of his birth defect made the tears start flowing anew down her already damp and sticky cheeks. "Are you all right?" Kat jumped and nearly fell off the bed when the lights flickered on. Steadying herself she put a hand to her chest turning to see her husband standing in the doorway of the bedroom. "Forgive me. I did not mean to startle you." Spock apologized sincerely. Kat nodded her head. "It's okay." She hastily attempted to quit hyperventilating. "It's not really your fault." Spock frowned and crossed the room to stand next to her. "Did you have another nightmare?" He asked putting his arms softly around her waist. Kat shrugged. "It doesn't matter. You're here now." She turned and leaned against him tiredly as she normally did after one of her nightmares, but Spock could sense that she wasn't entirely at ease as she usually was. "Would it help you if you told me about it?" Spock asked softly grazing his fingers over the spot where he could feel the rough ridges of her incision scar. Kat shook her head. "It always the same." She murmured looking down at where his hands were. "Ever since Nibiru all I can see is you dying. It's just worse when I dream it." She straightened her posture. Spock frowned at that. "Nibiru is in the past. It is not logical to invest so much of your emotional thought into it. Especially when there are much more pressing matters at hand." He gently massaged her back concerned when her tension remained. Kat shut her eyes. "I know," She sighed. "But Grey is fine for right now...I'm not." She rose from her seat, feeling Spock's hands slide from her body as she walked across the room to the window. "No matter what I do or try to tell myself, I can't shake the feeling...I can't stop being afraid that I'll lose you." She hugged herself as a light breeze blew through the slightly opened window. Spock rose to join her. "Is there anything I might do...to ease your distress?" He asked softly. Kat took a deep breath. "Yes." She turned from the window. "Promise me something." She asked pleading with her eyes as she placed her hands softly on the center of his chest. Spock nodded his head. "What can I promise?" "Promise me you'll never repeat what almost happened to you on Nibiru. Promise me, you will do all in your power to make sure Grey doesn't have to face the same life that I did before I met you...alone and without a Father." Kat stepped forward, taking his hands and pulling them gently from behind his back. Spock stared at the watery look in his wife's eyes. "I shall do my best." He nodded his head. "However you must understand if such a thing as the events of the Nibiru mission occurs again-." Kat pulled her hands away from his grip. "You still don't get it." Her tone suddenly turned bitter as she stalked towards the doorway wiping away her tears. Spock followed. "Katarina, I was merely-." "You really don't understand why I can't forget about Nibiru?!" Kat raised her voice forgetting for the moment about the sleeping baby near her. As usual Spock responded calmly to her outburst. "I can understand why you may have been worried, but as things now stand-." "As things now stand you are my husband and Grey's Father and that comes first! Why can't you understand that?...And why on earth did you think it was okay to just let yourself die when I could have lost our baby because what you thought was the logical thing to do!" "It was never my intention for any harm to come to you or our son-." "I know it wasn't, but you were still going to die!...You were going to die and leave me alone to raise Greysam just like my Mom had to raise me and Jim when Dad died! Do you think I wanted that for our son? What if I had gone the same route she did and picked a jerk for my second husband-?" "Katarina!" "-Just so I wouldn't have to be alone and so that Grey could have a proper Father in his life?!" "Katarina, that is a most illogical fantasy which I must advise you-!" "Is it?...Is it illogical?" Kat lowered her voice, but it was too late. Both parents turned simultaneously when a loud cry erupted from the bedroom. Kat heaved a heavy sigh. "I'll go get him." She mumbled, turning to go back into the bedroom before Spock could protest. Spock started to go in the opposite direction towards the kitchen, when Kat suddenly called out to him. "Spock! Come here!...Come here!" Her voice climbed in panic. Worried, Spock turned and hurried frantically towards the bedroom. Inside Kat stood over their son's crib, cradling the baby close to her trembling body as he wailed in her arms. Catching his breath, Spock slowly made his way over to them. "What is it?" He peered over his wife's shoulder at their weeping child. "Is he all right?" Kat turned and held the baby out to him. "Touch him. I think he's running a fever again. We have to take him back to Bones." She said worried as Spock laid a gentle hand on the side of his son's face. "You may be right." He spoke solemnly after a moment. Kat could tell that he was as worried as she was as he lowered his arm. "I will contact Dr. McCoy while you get his things ready." Kat nodded her head. "Right." She adjusted her grip on the fussy baby. "I'll call Jim and Uhura too." She turned to find an overnight bag. ... "Don't worry. He's going to be fine for now. I gave him a vaccine to pull down his fever and re-regulate his white blood cells. However at the rate his blood cell count is dropping he may not last the year without a blood transfusion. If we use the hybrid form of both your blood to try and balance out the differences it could save his life, but since your son is only two months old and his health is delicate as is it could end up doing more harm than good." Bones tried to be as tactful as he could as he explained, but he could already see the tears brimming over in Katarina's eyes. "How long?" Spock asked, as usual unnervingly calm despite the circumstances. "If the procedure is successful can we expect him to live to a near full life expectancy? Can we expect him to be healthy?" Bones shrugged his shoulders. "He should. If the transfusion goes well and no complications arise he could live the rest of his life without any further issue given of course he takes regular doses and comes for regular check ups with me. However there's no ignoring the risks and even if he were an adult there would be a 44% chance his body will reject the blood considering neither of you are completely compatible to him." Spock and Kat exchanged glances at that. "What...kinds of risks are we talking about?" Kat asked, her voice soft and slightly fearful as she waited for Bones's answer. "There is a chance as I've mentioned that his body will reject the new blood and that would be fatal. There's also a chance that the new blood will have no effect at all and that too would be deterimental for the boy's future." Kat's face fell. "Of course the worst thing we could do is nothing. His blood cells would eventually wear out and there'd be no stopping whatever happens then." Bones finished. Kat burst into tears. "Thank you Doctor." Spock tried to comfort his wife though he was as disturbed as she was about their options. "Might we have some time to consider the options?" Bones nodded his head. "Of course. I'll go file your son's updated vital records and check in with the nurse." He got up from his chair and moved quietly towards the door. Spock waited till he had gone closing the door softly behind him before speaking to his wife. "Katarina-." "We can't let him die." Kat cut him off. "There's only one right choice to make and that is give the transfusion a chance. If it works, Greysam can live a healthy long life without getting sick all the time!" "But the risks..." Spock bit his lip. "He could never be completely healthy even should the transfusion prove unharmful to him. Perhaps we should reconsider our options." His eyes narrowed in a deep frown. Kat jerked away from him. "So you would rather let him waste away. Let him die now instead of taking a risk that might save his life?" Her tone turned suddenly icy and bitter. Spock straightened his posture. "Kat I must protest-." "Of course you do! Just like you did back on the Enterprise when you were refusing help in that volcano!" "Katarina this is neither the time or the place-." Spock tried to remain calm, but Katarina shook her head. "All I want is a straight answer! Why are you so willing to do nothing-!" "I have never said-." "-when there's a chance this could work? Wouldn't it be the logical thing to do to try and save his life?" "Katarina-!" "Is everything all right?" Bones re-entered the room, looking concerned as Spock and Kat abruptly stopped arguing. "Fine. I'm going to get some air." Kat stood and brushed past her friend to get to the door. Spock started to go after her, but thought better of it after a second. ... "Is he yours?" A kindly old woman standing to the right of Katarina asked softly when she noticed her staring intently through the glass at one of the infant incubators. This one had the name Greysam Selek written on the name placard. Kat sighed. "Yes." She lightly brushed her fingers against the thick glass on the window pane. "His name is Greysam. Half for his Paternal Grandmother and half for my Father, George Sameul Kirk. Selek is the Vulcan name my husband chose for him." She gently brushed a loose strand of her hair behind her ear. The old woman nodded. "I see. You must be Ambassador Katarina." She smiled. Kat shrugged her shoulders. "I remember when we first got news about the Kelvin all those years ago." She turned sentimental. "I was but a young lady myself then. Not much older than you." She smiled albeit a bit sympathetically at the young mother. Kat swallowed noisely. "Yes..." "Is the defect bad? Is there hope for your boy?" The old woman asked, a certain warmness permeating her tone. Kat clenched her jaw. "I'm not sure." Her response sounded hollow even to herself, but she couldn't help it. Despite how angry Spock's words made her feel and continued to make her feel since the day he almost died back on Nibiru, she knew he was right in one sense. Their son's birth defect was causing him to suffer day in and day out despite all the care and treatment he was recieving both at home and at the hospital. The thought of increasing his suffering by allowing him to recieve a tranfusion that may or may not be compatible to him, made Kat's heart ache even more than it already was for her poor child. Maybe Spock is right this time...She thought to herself. Maybe the risks are too high. After all it's not like the human vulcan hybrid blood Bones made with our blood samples is a perfect copy of Grey's blood. Maybe we should- "I can save him." A low resonant voice suddenly cut into Kat's thoughts. Startled, she turned only to see the kind older woman was no longer at her side. Instead there was a man there about her age, maybe a few years older with short well-kempt dark hair and eyes that were almost an electric blue grey. Kat swallowed hard at the intensity in his eyes. "W..what did you say?" "Your son." The man raised his chin. "I can save him." Kat turned away from the window. "How?" ...
(Here is the next Chapter. Sorry for the delay. I know it's a lot but I hope you will like it :) I own nothing but Kat and her son) ... Part 17 ... "Kat? What are you doing here? It's late." Nurse Chapel cocked her head to the side confused when she saw the Ambassador making her way across the dimly lit lobby. "I just came to see my son. Tell him goodnight." Kat shrugged as she tried to walk past her friend to the elevators. Nurse Chapel followed her. "Visiting hours will be over in about ten minutes. You sure this can't wait till morning?" She asked. Kat shook her head. "No. Thank you though, Christine. I'll make sure not leave late." She pressed a button on the lift and waited impatiently for the doors to open. Nurse Chapel hesitated. "Okay. Have a goodnight, Katarina." She turned to resume her post as the elevator doors slid noisily open. Kat nodded her head. "You too." She stepped into the lift and dialed the combination for the Infant ICU rooms. A few minutes later the doors opened again and Kat stepped out into another dimly lit hallway where only a few nurses walked back and forth attending to the many babies in their care. Kat walked until she found her son's ward where a nurse was leaving after administering Greysam's nightly dose. Biting her lip she fought against the urge to weep as she entered the room where her baby boy lay asleep hooked to a machine that counted off every beart and every pulse count his body made. "Are you all right, Ambassador?" A nurse passing by peeked in when she saw the door open. Kat quickly wiped her tears away. "Yes, thank you Nurse. I'll only be a minute." She pasted on a smile, waiting until the nurse went away before closing the door. Once she was sure she was alone, she reached into her left hand coat pocket and pulled out the tiny vial she had recieved earlier. In it was a sample of blood,just enough for a successful blood transfusion. It's just enough to revitalize and replenish every blood cell in his body. It will be like he was never ill. His words replayed through her mind as she slowly approached the IV stand next to her son's bed. Without hesitation she removed the empty tube from the IV and uncapped the bottle in her hand. You want to save your son?...Only I can do that. Only my blood can cure his disease... Katarina sighed and moved closer to the machine readying herself to insert the syringe when she noticed the peaceful look on Greysam's face. His pacifer wiggled as he suckled softly on the nipple unaware it seemed, that he was in a hospital. Smiling Kat leaned forward towards the bassinette and pressed a soft kiss to his cheek stroking him lovingly while with her right hand she secured the vial containing the new blood to his IV. "Ambassador Kirk?" A nurse suddenly knocked on the door. "Just wanted to remind you that visiting hours will be over in two minutes." She smiled at the young mother who did her best to hide her startledness. "Oh of course. Thanks for telling me." She nodded and made sure to hide what she was doing behind her back. When the nurse left to attend to her other patients, Kat turned and removed the now empty bottle from her son's IV stand. It's done. Kat took a deep breath then reached down to stroke the baby one last time as his vital readouts slowly began to pick up. "Mommy loves you, Grey." She replaced the regular IV then tucked her bottle back into her pocket. Mommy loves you very much. ... "You were out late." Spock's words were more of an inquiry then a statement. Kat simply nodded before quietly joining her husband in the kitchen. "Might I inquire why?" Kat shrugged and shed her coat before responding. "I was visiting Greysam." Spock arched an eyebrow at her response. "Was there a change?" He asked, concerning lighting his tone as he gently lowered the PADD he was reading. Kat shook her head. "No, I was just saying goodnight." She bit her lip and turned to get a drink of water for herself from the sink. Her hands shook though as she searched through the cupboard for a glass and she was so focused on not breaking it that she never heard Spock get up to stand beside her until he spoke. "Are you are worried he will never heal?" He asked, in a tone that still sounded worried yet calm at the same time. Kat bit her lip, wondering for a minute if she ought to tell Spock the truth. "You heard Bones...only a miracle can cure him." She reached silently for the faucet and waited for the water to get cold before putting her glass under the spigot. Spock watched as she brought the cup to her lips. "There are no such things." Kat rolled her eyes at this. "I know." She drained her glass then rinsed it out before turning to head for the bedroom. "Your behavior suggests you are still angry with me." Spock concluded getting up to follow her from the kitchen. Kat suppressed the urge to sigh irritably. "I'm not angry I'm...frustrated." She clenched a fist at her side. Spock frowned. "But you understand...surely you must understand the delicacy of our situation." He folded his arms firmly behind his back. Kat nodded her head. "I know..." She walked off the remaining distance into the bedroom shutting the door before letting the tears come. That night the nightmares continued only this time she was back on that shuttle. The same one she had been on the night her Father died. Her Mother's screams filled the tiny space as a midwife tried to help her and soothe her as best she could. Kat tried to go to her, but she found herself being restrained by a man. A man wearing a red engineering uniform and a Starfleet Badge. "Let me go!" Kat cried, hearing a child like version of herself echoing her as she struggled. "Mama!...Mama!" The arms tightened their grip very slightly and turned her away from the view of the birthing. "It's all right. I'll protect you, Katarina. You're going to be okay!" The voice was soft, masculine and yet familiar. Kat turned to meet her captor's gaze. "Reg?" She squeaked recognizing the man who had held her that horrible night when she was terrified trapped in a cramped space shuttle while her Mother gave birth. He nodded his head. "That's right. Remember me?" He asked with a smile. Kat nodded her head. Lieutenant Reg Willis had been her Father's friend, a fellow starfleet officer who had been kindest to Katarina when George had brought his family to the Kelvin and he never treated Kat like she was in the way because she was a child. Kat leaned against his arms feeling hot tears sting her eyes as the screaming continued. "I'm so scared." She admitted still hearing the child echoing her as the ship jostled and shook around her. "What's going to happen?" Reg pulled her closer to his body in response. "It's all right." He repeated. "Everything's going to be fine." He assured and leaned back against the wall of the shuttle. Kat started to smile when something hit the ship causing it to tip sharply backward. The impact was enough to throw Kat and Reg to the floor and when she looked up she realized that the ship was on fire and everyone else on the shuttle was dead including the med staff. Looking to the bio bed Kat struggled to get out of Reg's grip so she could get to her Mother's side. "Wait!" Reg tried to stop her, but his voice had changed. Kat turned to see Spock behind her, drips of green blood oozing from several cuts he sustained to his face and chest. Katarina shook her head at him confused. "I..I have to make sure Mama is okay." She said and stepped the short distance to the bed and gasped horrified at what she saw. Her Mother was gone and in her place was her son still and white except for a stream of blood which was flowing from his mouth as if from an internal wound. In desperation, Kat tried to stop the bleeding with her own hands, but before she could apply the proper pressure a cold hand grabbed her from behind. By instinct, Kat tried to twist her arm away from her attacker, but he was stronger and threw her against the wall before clamping his other hand tightly over her nose and mouth. "You...should have let me sleep!" A wild angry looking man with familiar piercing dark eyes and long blood smeared hair spat as he forcefully added pressure to Kat's jaw. Kat gasped and struggled against her attacker. Slowly she began to run out of air. ... "Uneventful?" Admiral Marcus looked up from the report he was reading as Kat slowly entered his office, her arms clasped tightly behind her back despite the discomfort of her uniform. "Sir?" She questioned, mildly confused by his statement. Admiral Marcus motioned for her to come closer. "That was the impression I got based on the report your Captain submitted, the day after you and your crew returned from your assignment on Nibiru, Ambassador Kirk." He set the report down on his desk with an audible whap. Kat swallowed back a yawn. "Oh...well yes Sir I-." "However when Dr. McCoy submitted a medical report indicating that he delivered a baby via a risky C-Section on board the Enterprise during the mission I immediately suspected otherwise. Especially after Commander Spock submitted his report." Marcus raised his voice. Kat dropped her gaze. "Uh...well Sir it is possible that my brother felt the need to cover for such events seeing as how they held no real relevence to the mission and neither the patient in question nor her child was seriously harmed during the procedure." She said, hoping she wasn't as red as she felt she was. "Or maybe he covered them because you went into early labor mid mission, Ambassador endangering your child and it was instigated by the fact that your husband, Commander Spock was sent into an active volcano to install a cold fusion pack right after a civilization that barely understands simple mechanics happened to see a Starship rising out of their ocean! Am I misunderstanding something?" Admiral Marcus spun on his heel stunning Kat with the sharpness of his tone. "Sir, I-." "And I thought it was made clear that you were only allowed on that mission on the condition that you do not defy any of the protocol laid out to you concerning your duty while in your previous condition, was it not?" Marcus interrupted. Kat hung her head. "Yes Sir it was." She shifted her weight from one foot to the other worried about what punishment Admiral Marcus would mete out to her. "Good. Then you are to take an immediate mandatory leave of absence from your duties both aboard the Enterprise and from the Academy for up to twelve months for maternity reasons. No excuses. No exceptions. I will forward this information to your Captain." Marcus waved her off. Kat bit her lip. "With..all due respect, Admiral I can relay the message myself when I see my Brother." "Your Brother is no longer Captain, Ambassador. He has been removed from his position on charges of high misconduct in office. He will return to the Academy as a Deficit next week." Admiral Marcus slammed a PADD on his desk and shoved it towards Kat. "You will bring this to the Administration offices immediately. You will recieve your final pay installment there." He dismissed her with a wave of his arm. Kat numbly nodded her head as she quickly read over the document on the tablet. "Yes...Sir." She fought against the urge to cry. ... "I do not understand. How can he be healthy when his body does not produce enough immunity against infection?" Spock asked, furrowing his dark brows in confusion as his wife stood silently next to him, stroking their son as he lay cooing in his little plastic bassinette. "Your guess is as good as mine." Bones shrugged. "If you'd like I can bring over the release forms so you can sign him out and take him home as soon as possible. Judging by his last vital scan I don't think we'll need to keep him overnight again." The doctor turned to guage Kat's response though she seemed determined not to look away from her child. "I think we'd like that very much, Bones. Thank you." Kat spoke without making eye contact with Bones. Bones sighed and rose to head out the door as Spock subtly nodded his head reluctantly in agreement. "All right then. Just sit around, I'll be right back with the PADD." He promised. Spock waited till he had left before confronting his wife. "You are not the least bit suspicious about this turn of events?" He asked. Kat shook her head. "Why should I be? Our son is well. That's all that matters, right?" She asked tickling the baby gently just under his right ear. Spock crossed the small room to join her. "But the facts do not match up with the result. Selek-." "Selek is alive and you should be grateful for it, not suspicious." Kat interrupted. "Why can't you just be happy for him?" Her moistened eyes narrowed into a scowl. Spock took a minute before responding. "Because it is not logical. In all reality, our child should be even more ill by now not better. Have you considered this could be a temporary state? A false calm. He could fall ill again within the night." He spoke softly yet with a sense of anxiety which surprised Kat a bit since she was used to him leaning completely on his logic when he argued with her. Still his words stung and his refusal to share in her happiness made Kat feel more angry then she ever thought was possible. "I do not understand you." She snapped turning away before Spock could see her tears. "I do not understand you at all, Spock." She reached into the bassinette and lifted up the baby who whimpered as if he could understand his parents' argument. Spock attempted to get Kat's attention by tapping her on the shoulder, but she flinched away from him. Stunned Spock withdrew his hand and stared at her in bewilderment since Kat had never refused his touch before. "Here we are! I'll just need to get a signature from one of you here and then you'll be on your way. I already asked the Nurse to get Grey's things together for you." Bones held out the PADD to Spock who hesitated before taking the device from his hand. "Thank you Doctor." Spock's tone held less focus then usual as he slowly looked down at the document pulled up on teh tablet. After stealing one last glance at Kat, he picked up the stylex and slowly formed his signature at the bottom of the form. ... "Hey! How is he?" Jim poked his head into the doorway to Spock and Kat's apartment smiling when he saw his sister on the couch across the room, holding her wriggling whining son on her lap. "Jim I'm not in the mood." Kat grumbled trying to channel her frustration as she struggled to figure out what her son was needing. "Not in the mood for what? I just wanted to see how my nephew is doing." Jim shot his sister a lopsided grin. Kat sighed. "He's fussy." She shrugged and lifted the baby into a upright position. "I think he's ready for his nap, but I'm not exactly sure." She frowned and set the child on her shoulder. Jim moved across the room and held out his arms for the baby as he lowered himself on the chair across from Kat. "May I?" He asked. Kat sighed and hesitated for a second before surrendering her son to her Brother. "Why are you here? I thought you were being sent back to the Academy." Kat bit her lip as she watched her brother rock the baby gently in his arms. Jim sighed. "Well I was...but Admiral Pike bailed me out. He took over the Enterprise and made me First Officer. Apparently he really had to talk Marcus into agreeing to that." He muttered annoyed. Kat felt her jaw drop. "Wait, you're First Officer on the Enterprise? What about Spock?" She asked. Jim shrugged. "He was transferred. To the U.S.S. Bradbury didn't he tell you?" He asked frowning when he noticed the confusion in his sister's expression. Greysam whined softly. "Uh...no...no he didn't." Kat shook her head feeling uneasy as she listened her son continue to fuss despite his Uncle's attempts to soothe him to sleep. That explained Spock's unusual emotion back at the hospital. "Oh...well now you know I guess." Jim looked down at his nephew frowning as the child nestled into him suddenly. Kat nodded her head. "Yeah...do you know why he was transferred?" She asked shuffling her feet as she watched her brother interac with the baby. Jim nodded his head. "Yeah. Can't say he didn't have it coming though." He said with a bit of indignance in his tone. Kat rolled her eyes. "Let me guess. He added the volcano incident to his report didn't he?" She straightened her posture. Jim nodded his head. "Yup. And he didn't even seem sorry for what he caused." He narrowed his eyes and slowly adjusted his grip on infant he held on his lap. Kat held out her arms for her son. "I'm sure he was sorry about the result, but Spock has always been one to stick to the rules. You and I know that better than anyone." She murmured as Jim reluctantly surrendered Greysam. "Yeah I know. Are you guys okay though? Is he being good to you?" The Former Captain asked the casualness of his tone not betraying the concern Kat could hear in his voice. "We're fine." She said unconvincingly. "You should probably go though. Spock did say there's a meeting tonight for Captains and First Officers." She adjusted her grip on her son. Jim nodded his head. "Yeah. Just tell me one thing though." He shifted his weight from one foot to the other. Kat looked up to meet his gaze. "What?" "Grey...how do you think he got better so fast?" Jim furrowed his brow. Kat turned away from him. "How should I know? I'm just happy he's all right." She said, hoping Jim would not be able to see right through her. "Yeah I don't know. Just thought you might have an idea. Never mind. I got to go." Jim turned to leave the house. Kat sighed. "Jim?" Jim stopped with his hand on the doorframe. "Don't do anything stupid tonight." The statement was more a plea than an command. Jim snorted and nodded his head. "Back at you." He grinned and let himself out of the flat. ... "Good boy...that's a good boy." Kat cooed to her son as she nursed him in the privacy of her and Spock's bedroom. Spock still wasn't home yet, but Kat knew he'd return just as soon as the meeting was over. Greysam lightly hooked his tiny little fingers into the end of her hair. "Mmm?" He whined in between suckles. Kat gently stroked his hair. "Shhh, your Father will be home soon. Don't worry." She soothed just as she caught sight of an unusual glow coming from one of the buildings across the way through the window. Then she realized, that was the Baywatch Conference Tower at Starfleet Headquarters and it wasn't glowing, it was on fire. "Oh no!" Kat stood suddenly from the chair she was sitting in nearly upsetting Grey who was still feeding. Spock and Jim were in there along with every Starfleet Captain and First Officer. Kat thought fast knowing she had to get to the tower as soon as possible. She looked down at her son. Okay...I can't go anywhere until Grey finishes nursing. Once he's done, I'll grab an extra blanket for him and run to Headquarters. Hopefully they'll be okay. Kat tried to tell herself while the more logical side of her tried to argue the opposite. Fear suddenly seized Kat's heart as an explosion echoed through the window. Her son whimpered and turned away from her breast as if losing his appetite. Kat quickly pulled her shirt down and rushed to the crib to grab a blanket. "Come on Son. Let's go find your Dad." Kat quickly covered the baby then made a beeline for the front door as soon as she was sure he would be safe. I just hope we won't be too late. ...
(Here is the next Chapter. Sorry for the long delays on each update. It takes me awhile to write a chapter and I know you guys would rather prefer I update quickly, but I want to make sure this stays interesting to you. I hope you will like it :) I own nothing but Kat and her son) ... Part 18 ... "This is Commander Spock. We are in need of immediate emergency medical attention at the Bay Conference Room! Do you copy?" Spock spoke urgently into his COMM as the blaster fire continued around him. The smell of smoke grew thick in the air as people rushed back and forth, some trying to get out and others trying to save coworkers and friends who were trapped in the conference room. Admiral Pike suddenly gasped with pain. "Spock!..." The Vulcan Commander quickly returned his attention to his superior. "Admiral Pike you must remain still. Your wounds are very serious." He gently attempted to put more pressure on the gash running along the lower side of the older man's torso, but the blood continued to run through his fingers. Another explosion shook the tower causing Pike to gasp again just as a team of Starfleet officers dressed in medical uniforms rushed over. "Spock!" Jim skidded back towards the room barely stopping himself from running into the medical personnel as they hurried to lift Admiral Pike carefully onto the stretcher. "Is he okay? Did everyone else get out on time?" He struggled to catch his breath. Spock slowly looked up to meet his former Captain. "Not everyone Captain." He spoke solemnly while the medical team continued to work behind him. Jim swallowed when he noticed the bodies laying in the remains of the conference room almost completely engulfed by flames. "Commander Spock!" The leader of the EMT addressed Spock while his remaining team members carried Pike away towards the emergency exit. "Admiral Pike will be taken immediately into Intensive care. We will update you on his condition as progress is made." "How bad is it?" Jim butt in. Spock cast a slightly disapproving look through his peripherals. The Head Medic shook his head. "The bleeding is quite severe, but we're fairly certain we can get that under control. The only concern is he may have sustained some internal injuries including internal bleeding. We'll try to make contact as soon as we know for sure." Jim inclined his head. "I want Dr. McCoy to see to his care." He stated just as a second team of medical officers rushed by carrying another wounded official. The Medic averted his gaze. "I'll see what I can do." He bowed first to Jim then to Spock then hurried off to catch up with his response team. Jim turned to face Spock. "It was Harrison." "Commander?" "I saw him in the attack ship just before I shot him down! It was John Harrison who attacked us just like he did the archive in London!" Jim snapped. Spock frowned as his former superior's temper flared. "You are certain?" "I am more than certain, Spock. I saw him!" Jim repeated balling his hands into fists as he turned swiftly on his heel to leave the tower. Spock was about to follow when his sensitive ears caught the sound of brisk footsteps hurrying up the opposite staircase. "Commander Spock! Commander Kirk!" A young security guard who had only recently graduated from Starfleet Academy gasped as he leaned on the wall to catch his breath. "You both have to come down immediately!...It's Ambassador Kirk! She's trying to get into the tower!" He panted. Spock's eyes widened and Jim's jaw dropped. "What?" ... "Look! I need to get in there! My husband and brother haven't come out yet! Get your hands off me!" Kat screamed as she fought to protect her wailing baby from the smoke and prying hands of the guards who were trying to pull her away from the tower. "Ambassador please! It's too dangerous to enter the tower at the moment. You're going to have to wait for the all clear." The head security guard who had been called to the scene tried to reason with the frantic woman, but Kat was not ready to be reasoned with any time soon. "Katarina!" A familiar voice sounded over the frenzy. Kat forgot her anger when she heard his voice. "Spock!" She pushed away from the security team and ran towards the side exit where Spock and Jim were running from the building. "Oh my God! Are you okay? When I saw the fire from the apartment I was so afraid and I thought that...I thought maybe you and Jim were-." Kat struggled to catch her breath. Spock gingerly wiped away her tears. "I am unhurt. We both are." He looked down immediately when he heard his son crying. "Admiral Pike was injured, but he is alive for now." Kat touched his cheek. "They said someone had attacked the tower, but I don't understand. Why would someone attack Starfleet like this?" She asked trying to comfort the baby though he seemed inconsolable at the moment. Spock looked up to meet her gaze. "John Harrison." Jim cut in before Spock could have a chance to answer his wife. "He attacked the conference room just like he did the archives in London." He turned to spit on the ground much to the disgust of his sister. Kat felt the blood drain from her face. "What? But it can't be!" She exclaimed without thinking about it. Spock turned a wary, concerned yet confused look in Kat's direction. "What do you mean?" "Commander!" A Starfleet Officer wearing numerous badges ran up to the group. "Admiral Marcus is rallying all remaining Starfleet Captains and First Officers. We are to meet down in the basement of the Hanger Tower." He reported. Jim nodded his head in acknowledgement of the message. "We will be there." He turned to look at Spock. "You must return home immediately." The Vulcan tried gently to turn his wife and child away from the scene. "Take the child and I will return to you once I am given leave." He promised. Kat shook her head. "Let me go with you." "Katarina, this does not concern you." "But-." "He's right, Kat. Go home." Jim interrupted again. Kat shot him a look that made the former Captain think she was about to give him a fierce talking to when Greysam let out a loud bleat. "Katarina, please." Spock urged as Kat looked down to soothe the child. A sigh passed her lips as a medical team rushed by them. "Fine." She reluctantly adjusted her grip around the baby before leaning forward to wrap Spock in an embrace. "I'll wait up for you." She whispered into his ear. Spock nodded his head at that. "Take care." He returned her embrace then bent down to kiss the baby before releasing his grip. Kat smiled at his gesture then quickly covered the child up before turning away towards home. Spock watched until she disappeared into the crowd. ... "No!..Stop it!" Kat gasped in pain, horrified as the wild man above her dropped a lifeless Jim to the floor at his feet. Looking up she tried to crawl over to him, but her own injuries kept her from getting too far. "Stop!..You said you wouldn't hurt him!...You said you wouldn't hurt anyone I loved!" Her tears fell in vain at her attacker's feet. The man gave her a look that could curdle milk- "Commander Spock!" Kat woke up at about the same time Spock did. "Are you all right?" Spock asked noticing the ashen look on his wife's face as he reached for his COMM. Kat took a deep breath. "Commander Spock!" The device beeped again. Kat shifted off the bed. "I'm going to go check on the baby." She muttered, straightening her nightgown before hurrying out to the nursery. Spock stared after her for a moment then he answered his COMM. "This is Commander Spock." "Commander! It's Engineer Scott. I found something in the wreckage of Harrison's assault ship and I think you and the Captain should come see it right away. It'll be easier than trying to explain over the COMM." Scotty's worry was quite clear and it made Spock glance uneasily in the direction his wife had left. "I will be there. Shall I contact Commander Kirk myself?" He waited for the Engineer's response. "That would help. Thanks Commander." Scotty signed off. Spock slowly did the same. "Who was it?" Kat suddenly reappeared into the bedroom. Spock stood from the bed. "Engineer Scott has found something in the wreckage of Harrison's vehicle. He has asked to see me and the Captain immediately." Kat nodded her head at this. "Of course. Considering the circumstances I guess that means Jim." She lightly considered the situation. Spock frowned. "Admiral Marcus would never reinstate him." Kat shook her head. "He doesn't have a choice. Pike is in intensive care and in no position to work. As First Officer, Jim is next in precedence just as you were during the Vulcan Crisis." She sat down slowly on the edge of the bed angling herself so she was facing Spock. Spock slowly nodded his head. "This is true and as Starfleet Admiral, Marcus cannot gainsay the regulations." He rubbed his chin. Kat nodded back. "Exactly and knowing Jim he would probably petition to have you returned to your station and that would leave you short of only one regular crew member. Of course that hardly matters since Uhura is just as well skilled as I am in linguistics and alien culture-." "Reinstating Commander Kirk as Captain is one thing, but having me transferred back to the Enterprise is most likely impossible as Captain Abbott will still have need of me on the Bradbury." Spock interrupted. Kat sighed. "I know...it was just wishful thinking. I thought since I am on enforced maternity leave the least I could do is find some way to have you re-transferred. After all someone has to keep that hot head in line." She bit her lip and stood to pace the room. Spock stared after her. "Perhaps. However the chances that Marcus will agree to such an arrangement are less than probable considering the dangers of the situation at hand." He stood and went to join her at the window standing so there was little space between them. Kat nodded her head. "I know. Just the thought of someone like John Harrison still being at large makes me shiver. Maybe I..." She started and trailed off. Spock turned and gazed at her expectantly. "Yes?" "Nothing." Kat turned away from the view. "I'm thinking out loud. You should call Jim and go see what Scotty's found." She walked back across the bedroom. "Katarina-." "Ahhhhh!" A cry interrupted his train of thought. Kat sighed. "Go. I'll see you after you meet with Scotty." She squeezed his hand and turned to leave the room again avoiding Spock's gaze. Spock nodded slowly after her. "Very well." ... "Captain! I found this at the crashed jumpship Sir. This is how the b****** got away!" Scotty shouted over the hubbub of the crowd as he raced across the courtyard to meet with his superiors. Jim and Spock peered at the device he set down before them. "What do you mean? What is it?" Jim asked. Scotty turned the device on. "It's a portable transwarp beaming device." Spock's eyebrows rose at that revelation. "Is it possible to locate where he might have transported himself?" He asked calmly in contrast to Jim. "I've already done that Sir and you're not going to like it." Scotty shook his head as he pulled up track history on the device. "He's gone to the one place...we just can't go." ... "Commander, I highly discourage your actions." Spock spoke in a soft yet insisting tone as he followed Jim through the corridors to the meeting room where Admiral Marcus was holding a meeting with the Starfleet board members. "Admiral Marcus! He's not on Earth Sir!" Jim ignored Spock as he skid to a stop directly in front of the Admiral. Spock frowned slightly in disapproval but Jim continued. "He's on Kronos...in light of Admiral Pike's inability to assume command I request my Command be reinstated and your permission to go after him." He panted. Spock waited for Admiral Marcus to dismiss his former Captain, but instead Marcus turned and nodded for his colleagues to give them a minute. "Kronos?" Marcus looked for clarification at Jim and he nodded his head. "So Harrison has fled to the Klingon Homeworld." He seemed dismayed. "Is he defecting?" Spock and Jim turned to follow him as he walked towards a panel where models of every starship Starfleet ever created stood on display in a glass case. "We're not sure, Sir." Jim forced himself to admit this. Spock chimed in. "He has taken refuge in the Kathoc Provinice a region uninhabited for ages." Marcus started to nod his head when Jim interrupted. "He's got to be hiding there Sir! Harrison knows if we even go near Klingon space it'd be all out war. Starfleet can't go after him, but I can!...Please Sir." He pleaded with unusual emotion in his request. Spock turned a warning look in his direction. "Commander, your emotional instability is clouding your judgement might I suggest-." "I don't have time for you suggestions right now, Spock." Jim cut him off. "All out war is inevitable, Mr. Kirk." Admiral Marcus spoke up. "If you ask me it's already begun. Since we first learned of their existance, the Klingon Empire has conquered and occupied two planets that we know of, fired on our ships half a dozen times...and now they're coming our way again." Marcus stopped walking when he reached the end of the display case where a new ship neither Spock or Jim had ever seen before stood on display in model form. Jim took a deep breath. "Sir-." "London was not an archive, Commander. It was a top secret branch of Starfleet designated as Section 31. They were developing defense technology and training our officers to gather intelligence on the Klingons and any other potential enemy with the means to do us harm. Harrison was one of our top agents." Marcus sighed as if speaking of a beloved fallen child. "Sir with all due respect, he is now a fugitive and I want to take him out!" Jim barely stopped himself from snapping at his superior. Spock glanced between him and Marcus expecting the Admiral to rebuff the former Captain, but instead he sat back in his seat and gazed at Jim in a way that seemed to be admiring. "Pike always did say you were one of our best and brightest. Even more so than your sister." Marcus looked down at a sheaf of documents on his desk. "You should have heard him defend you." Jim averted his gaze. "He's the one who talked you into joining Starfleet, isn't he?" Marcus continued. After a moment, Jim nodded his head. "Yes Sir." "Mmm...did he ever tell you who talked him into joining?" Marcus asked. Jim's gaze snapped sharply upwards at that. "I..." "What happened to him last night is on me." Marcus interrupted shaking his head in a pitying way. "And yours can't be." Jim started forward at that. "Sir, all I-!" "Mr. Spock, you said the province that Harrison is hiding in is uninhabited?" Marcus directed the question at Spock. "Affirmative Sir." "Very well then. As a part of our new defensive strategy, Section 31 developed a new photon torpedo." Marcus pulled up a hologram from his computer. "It's long range and untraceable which would make it invisible to Klingon sensors." He looked up to gauge the two Commanders reactions. "Sir-." Spock started to speak in disapproval. "I don't want you hurt, but I want to take him out." Marcus interrupted. "I want you to take these torpedos, park on the edge of the neutral zone then lock on to Harrison's position, fire, kill him and then haul ***, am I understood?" He looked from Jim to Spock and back again with an expectant look on his face. Jim chewed on the inside of his cheek. "Permission to reinstate Spock as my First Officer." He requested missing the surprise on Spock's face at his sudden request. Marcus looked up to meet his gaze. "Granted." He nodded. "And Ambassador Katarina as a Xeno-Linguistic Specialist." Jim added. Spock shook his head. "No." "No." Marcus repeated. "She's on mandatory suspension, Captain Kirk. I'm sorry." He spoke in what seemed to be a remorseful tone. Jim suppressed a sigh. "Go. Harrison could decide at any moment to change his location and we can't afford to risk losing the trace. I will have your crew prepare for your immediate arrival on the Enterprise." Marcus spoke conclusively leaving little room for arguing. Jim reluctantly turned to leave the room. "Thank you, Admiral." Spock nodded his own gratitude before turning to follow his superior. Marcus looked down to answer his COMM. "Admiral Marcus." Katarina spoke clearly and distinctly with a sense of urgency in her voice. "I hope I'm not interrupting anything. I must speak with you urgently." Admiral Marcus shook his head. "If you are calling to negotiate the lifting of your suspension, Ambassador you are wasting your time. Stay home and take care of your son." He spoke in a way that most other officers would have taken as a dismissal. "Please Sir." Kat took a deep breath before continuing. "I have something to confess to you, Admiral Marcus. Something you'll want to hear...It's about John Harrison." ... "Status report, Mr. Spock." Jim sighed, plopping himself down in a seat near his First Officer. Bones took the seat directly behind them and opened his first aid medical kit. "The Enterprise should be ready for launch upon our arrival." Spock answered readily as if he had memorized his response. Jim nodded his approval. "Good. Good..." "Also I met with my wife before boarding the shuttle. She wishes us well and sends her regards to you, Captain." Spock continued turning from the view outside the shuttle window so he could gauge Jim's response. Jim froze briefly at the mention of his sister. "Oh..." He flinched when Bones popped up behind him holding a scanner. "Captain?" Spock continued, disregarding the presence of the Doctor. "Thank you for requesting my reinstatement and for attempting to reinstate Katarina." Bones sighed as a slow smile appeared on Jim's face. "You're welcome. It's going to be different without her on the bridge though, isn't it?" He asked as Bones bent to record something on a PADD. "Indeed." Spock agreed. "Though I do agree with the Admiral that it is what is best for her at current time." The Vulcan slowly straightened his posture in his seat. "Captain, as I am again your, it is now my duty to strongly object to our mission parameters." Bones brought another scanner up to Jim's face. "Of course it is." Jim muttered as a couple new cadets shuffled past him to find seats. "There is no Starfleet regulation that condemns a man to die without a trial. Something you and Admiral Marcus appear to be forgetting." Spock's voice took on a sudden dark overtone. Jim frowned slightly. "Also preemptively firing torpedoes at the Klingon Homeworld goes against all moral practices-." "You yourself said the area is uninhabited, Spock! There's only going to be one casualty!" Jim cut him off. "And in case you weren't listening earlier our orders have nothing to do with Starfleet regulations." "Wait a minute!" Bones jumped in on the conversation forgetting about his examination for a second. "We're firing torpedoes at the Klingons?" "Regulations aside this action is morally wrong." Spock ignored the Doctor as he leaned forward slightly in his seat. Jim finally snapped. "Regulations aside! Pulling your behind out of that volcano while the mother of your child was in labor was morally right!...And I didn't get any points for that!" He huffed. Bones tried to head him off. "Jim calm down." "No! I'm not taking ethics lessons from a robot!" Jim fired back. Spock frowned in disapproval. "Reverting to name calling suggests that you are being defensive and therefore find my opinion valid." He spoke in an irritatingly bossy tone. "I wasn't asking for your opinion!" Jim snapped, slapping at Bones' hand, causing him to drop the skin sensor he was holding onto the floor. "Captain our mission could very well start a war with the Klingons, and it is by its very definition immoral." Spock tried again a little more calmly this time. "Perhaps you should take the requisite time to arrive at this conclusion for yourself." "Look I don't need you telling me-!" "All right! All right, you two! Save it for the interrogation." Kat popped up from behind an engineering officer, greeting Bones casually before slipping into the empty seat between her husband and brother. "Kat, what are you doing here?" Jim growled barely hiding his aggravation. "My inquiry exactly." Spock echoed staring suspiciously at his wife. Kat settled back into her seat. "I've been asked to rejoin the crew. Last minute. Special orders from Admiral Marcus." She fastened her restraint belt. "What do you mean?" Spock asked. Kat barely glanced at him. "Sorry Spock. That's between me and the Admiral. He told me that if it became necessary, I may share what I know with the Captain and the Captain only." She shifted uncomfortably in her seat. Spock narrowed his eyes at her response. "What about Grey?" Jim asked. "Indeed." Spock agreed. "Regardless of your new orders, your prime duty should be at home with our son." He stiffened his seat. Kat bit down on her lower lip. "Grey is going to be fine. I arranged for him to stay with his Grandfather in New Vulcan until we return to Earth. Ambassador T'Mei has agreed to take him with her today." She blinked quickly as if holding back tears. Spock still stared at her warily. "Well, I guess in that case...welcome back aboard, Katy." Jim managed a halfway believable smile at his sister. Kat took a deep breath. "Call me Katy again and you're coming home in a body bag." She spoke through clenched teeth as the voice of the shuttle driver came over the Intercom. Spock reluctantly turned to face forward in his seat as Jim stifled a laugh. "Shuttle crew standby for lift off." ...
(So it looks like you guys got lucky this time. Haha. I managed to get a new update ready again. I hope you will like it especially the shuttle argument since I kinda had to change some of the dialogue. I promise Kat will reveal her reasons for being on the mission soon enough and you will find out what Khan wants from her. :) I own nothing but Kat) ... Part 19 ... "No! I'm not signing for anything! Get these bloody things off my ship! Captain!" Scotty ran up to meet Jim, Spock and Kat as they disembarked from the shuttle onto the Enterprise. Jim frowned at the frazzled look on the Chief Engineer's face. "Is there a problem, Mr. Scott?" "Aye Sir!" Scotty threw down the PADD he was handed and motioned to the officer standing behind him next to a large white missile of some sort. Kat paled when she realized what they were. The torpedoes...She remembered from what she overheard between Jim and Spock earlier. Slipping past the Captain and her husband, the Ambassador moved to get a closer look at their new weaponry while her brother argued with Scotty behind her. "I was just explaining to this gentleman that I cannot authorize any weapons on board this ship without knowing what's inside them and they've offered me no specs Sir!" Scotty complained as Kat reached to touch a panel on the torpedoes. A slight white hand beat her to the punch. "Oh!...Careful, this is very delicate equipment, Ambassador." A woman only slightly taller than Kat smiled as the Linguist looked up to meet her gaze. Kat returned her smile weakly. "My apologies." She nodded then scrutinized the woman in front of her when she didn't recognize her face. As if reading her confusion, the woman held out her hand to her in greeting. "Science Officer Carol Wallace, Miss Kirk. I've been recently assigned to join the crew." She smiled while holding a clipboard in her other hand. Kat hesitated for a second before taking Carol's hand. "Nice to meet you, Dr. Wallace." She glanced back over at where Jim and Scott were still arguing. "I would say that this doesn't happen on a regular basis, but my brother is bit of a hothead." She sighed as the two men moved out of earshot. Spock was nowhere to be seen which meant that Jim had ordered him to the bridge some time ago to keep him from interfering with the argument as he likely tried to do. Carol chuckled softly. "I understand. I read the Captain's profile before I boarded the shuttle. It must be strange to be a subordinate to your younger brother." She turned to meet Kat's eyes again. Kat shrugged. "Sometimes...though it's not like I have much choice in the matter." She turned to offer Carol a welcoming smile despite her unease with the new mission. "It was nice to make your acquaintance Doctor. I hope you will find the work to your liking. I must report to the bridge now where I am needed." She tugged at the short skirt on her uniform as she heard the annoucement ordering all officers to their posts on the intercom. Carol bowed her head at this. "Understood, Ambassador. It was nice to meet you as well." She turned to assume her new duties. Kat hurried to get to a turbo lift. ... "What kept you?" Jim snapped as Kat entered the nearest lift to her location. Kat raised an eyebrow when she noticed how much more visibly tense her brother was compared to his state of mind back at the shuttle. "I could ask the same of you. Why do you look so angry?" Kat asked as she closed the door and pressed the button that would take them to the Bridge. Jim let out a long aggravated sigh. "Scotty just quit." He muttered shifting his weight from one foot to the other in mechanical way. Kat felt her jaw drop. "Wait what?" "He refused to sign off for the torpedoes so I let him go!" Jim snapped instantly regretting his tone as Kat took in the news. "Oh...I'm sorry to hear that." Kat spoke slowly after a minute, unsure of how to react at first. "I assume you have a plan now as to how to go about replacing him in the Engineering Department." She carefully folded her arms across her chest. Jim shrugged. "Your husband's already second guessing me every chance he gets, I don't need it from you too Kat." He clenched his teeth glaring at the doors of the turbo lift as they sped up the terminal. Kat finally turned to look at him. "I was just making a simple inquiry. Scott was our Chief Engineer and we can't go anywhere much less to Kronos without someone doing his job. This is a serious problem, Jim." "Yeah yeah! I know Kat! I got it!" Jim cut her off, the volume in his voice climbing as the lift reached its destination. Neither sibling made a move to open the doors immediately. Kat swallowed back her emotions and nodded her head in a gesture of submission to Jim before walking towards the doors. "My apologies, Captain." She spoke in a voice devoid of her earlier concern. Jim looked up at the apology. "Wait! Kat!" He called her back just before she could open the doors. "I'm sorry...that was completely inappropriate. I shouldn't be taking it out on you." He apologized, Kat paused with her hand on the door panel. "I mean...maybe it's me. You know, maybe I should have said somethi-." "It's not you." Kat cut him off bluntly before he could elaborate. Jim looked at her stunned since he expected her to just accept his apology and leave the lift. "It's not?" Kat sighed and shook her head, looking down as if suddenly finding her old boots extremely interesting. "This has been hard on all of us, even Spock no matter what he says or does. " She scuffed the toe of her shoe against the floor. Jim scrutinized her expression. "What does that mean?...Are you guys fighting again?" Kat turned to hit the open switch on the door. "That is completely beside the point and none of your business, Jim." Jim stopped her from opening the door. "No seriously! Is that why you guys hardly spoke to each other on the shuttle?" He got into his sister's face. "Jim!" Kat groaned and tried to push him away. "Oh my God! What's that even like?" Jim asked, seemingly forgetting about his problems until the doors suddenly opened. Kat gasped as she lost her balance and tumbled awkwardly into Spock. Jim slipped out past them as if nothing were amiss. "Comfortable?" He asked earning a scowl from Kat and a look of suspicion from Spock. "Excuse me, Honey." Kat quickly resorted herself, smoothing Spock's tunic with her hand before walking over to her station. Spock stared after her for a second as Uhura looked up from her post with a smile upon seeing her. "Good Morning, Kat." Kat returned her greeting. "Good Morning." She sat down at her seat and pulled up her monitor, determined to bury herself in her work. "Everything all right? How's the baby?" Uhura asked. Kat looked up at her. "He's fine." She nodded her head smiling as Spock and Jim assumed their posts. "He's with his Grandfather on New Vulcan." Uhura smiled at this and glanced over at Spock before turning back to her work. "Oh...I heard his birth defect healed. That's great." She gushed. Kat bit her lip and slowly nodded her head as she listened to Jim talk to Chekov. "Yes..yes it is." She murmured as the young navigator brushed past her to leave the bridge. Kat turned when she saw him grab a red Engineer uniform on his way out. Finally Jim sat down in his seat. "Retract all moorings, Mr. Sulu." He ordered. The pilot nodded to the command. "Yes Sir." He began to start the ship sighing as if he too were clouded by uncertainties surrounding their new mission. As the ship began to warm up, Jim turned to give his next command. "Lieutenant Uhura open a ship wide channel. Kat alert Admiral Marcus that we are set for take off." Kat nodded her head. "Understood." She hit the appropriate combination and sent the message while Uhura set the Intercom for a ship wide broadcast. "Attention crew of the Enterprise!" Jim began once the ship was in orbit and Uhura alerted him to the readiness of the communication system. "As you all know Christopher Pike former Captain of this ship and our friend...is in critical condition. The man who attacked the bay conference tower where he was injured has fled our system and is in hiding in the Klingon homeworld where he believes we are unwilling to go." Kat looked up to meet her brother's eyes as he continued his annoucement. "Well we are on our way there now and per Admiral Marcus's orders it is essential that our presence go undetected since tensions between the Federation and the Klingon Empire have been high and any provocation could lead into all out war." Here Jim paused and turned to make eye contact with Spock briefly before finishing his speech. "Therefore I will personally lead a landing party to an abandoned city on the surface of Kronos where we will capture the fugitive John Harrison...and return him to earth so he can face judgment for his actions." Wait! What? Kat felt stunned by her Brother's words. Weren't our orders to just blow him up with the torpedoes and get out of there? "Captain," Spock stood from his seat after Jim ended his annoucement. "I believe you have made the right decision." He came to stand by Jim's side folding his arms carefully behind his back. "If I can be of any assistance, I would be happy to accompany you on the away team." Jim looked up at Spock's choice of words. "You...happy?" He asked smiling a bit. Spock gently relaxed his posture. "I was merely attempting to use your vernacular in order to convey an idea." He explained himself. Jim nodded his head in gratitude to him. "Thank you Mr. Spock." Spock nodded back and went to reassume his seat. The flight continued as usual until Kat recieved an alert from the weapons bay. Confused, she hit the recieve button and connected the call to her hand held COMM. "This is Ambassador Kirk." "Ambassador, this is Dr. Wallace. You are familiar with ancient dialects of our language, correct?" Carol's voice floated through the speakers. Kat nodded her head. "Most of them, why do you ask?" She asked furrowing her brows as the new Science Officer plunged on about her problem. Spock watched her quietly through his peripherals as Kat attentively listened to Carol's response. "All right, I understand. I'll be down momentarily." She ended the transmission then stood from her seat before addressing her brother. "Captain, Dr. Wallace has requested my assistance translating something down in the weapons bay. Permission to assist her?" She asked. Jim looked up slowly to meet her gaze. "Permission granted." He nodded his head. "Don't be too long." He ordered her. Kat nodded her head. "Yes Sir." She turned swiftly to leave the bridge. After a moment Spock got up after her. ... "You wanted to see me, Dr. Wallace?" Kat asked upon finding the new Science Officer examining one of the new torpedoes Marcus had had brought on board before the start of the mission. Carol looked up immediately at the greeting. "Yes!" She motioned to a panel she had been studying earlier. "I was hoping you would be able to tell me what this says. It seems to be written in some sort of ancient scrawl, but I can't understand it." She bent back over the missile. Kat crouched to see the writing for herself. "Well...I think this says that the torpedo should not be filled with a regulation type fueling gas. It runs on some other form of energy." The Ambassador tried to read the rest of the inscription. Carol bit her lip. "That sounds odd, what else would a torpedo run on?" She wondered. Kat shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know, but that's all I can translate. I'm sorry I can't be of more assistance, Doctor." She apologized to her new crewmate. Carol shrugged her shoulders. "That's all right, Kat. I'll figure it out somehow." She smiled and then dropped it a second later. Kat frowned. "Is everything all right, Carol?" She asked sensing that the Science Doctor was worried about something other than the contents of the torpedoes. Carol started to respond when a shadow fell over them both. Kat turned and gasped when she saw Spock standing behind them. "Oh!..Spock you startled me." She set a hand reflexively against her chest laughing a bit. Spock inclined his head towards the two women. "What are you doing here, Doctor Wallace?" He asked in the same neutral emotionless voice he used when he was on duty. Carol chuckled nervously. "I was just verifying the torpedoes internal-." "You misunderstand. What are you doing on this ship, Doctor?" Spock clarified his question. Kat shot him a look. "Spock-." "There is no record of you being assigned to the Enterprise, Miss Wallace. Nor is your name associated with a Science Officer currently holding office in Starfleet." Spock ignored his wife for now. Carol seemed at a loss for words at first. "Really, there must be a mistake-." "My conclusion as well, Doctor Marcus." Spock interrupted again. Kat felt her stomach twist at the surname Spock used. "Marcus?" She looked to Carol for an explanation. "As in...Admiral Marcus's Daughter?" She felt her blood drain from her face. Spock nodded his head. "You have lied about your identity. Wallace is the surname of your Mother. Which leads me to the conclusion that the Admiral is your Father." He finished. Carol started to shake a bit at this. Evidently she had no idea how good Spock's deduction skills were and the fact that her ruse had been discovered already was discomforting to her. "Mr. Spock," Carol attempted to keep herself together as she took a step closer to thet Commander. "I realize I have no right to ask this of you, but please...My Father cannot know that I am here." She pleaded with him. Kat scrutinized the Doctor's expression. "Why? Wasn't he the one who sent you to make sure we do our job right?" She asked. Carol shook her head. "I snuck on in order to investigate my Father's new weapons. I have no idea what kind of damage they can do or what they run on which made me suspicious of my Father's motives. Since a legal transfer would trigger an alert to him, I had to forge my way in." She turned to meet Kat's eyes. "I know I deserve to be apprehended and returned to Earth immediately for judgment, but you have to give me a chance. If there is a trace anywhere on those torpedoes the Klingons will follow it back to Starfleet no matter how far away we park from the neutral zone." Spock raised an eyebrow at this. "What makes you so certain of this, Doctor?" He asked still in the same tone as before. Carol started to elaborate when the ship suddenly dropped out of hyperspace with no warning. "Ahh!" She coughed when the sudden movement threw her off balance. Kat stumbled into the torpedo and Spock fell next to her. "What in hayfire?" Kat gasped. Spock took in the situation quickly as the ship swiftly leveled out from the sudden drop. "Engineering has somehow manually dropped us out of warp." He said as if making a casual observation. Carol picked herself up from the floor. "Are we at Kronos already?" She asked. Kat shook her head. "We can't be. We've only just left Earth." She turned to head back to the bridge and Spock followed her, arriving just as Jim was calling their names. "Spock! You're coming with me to Kronos, correct?" Jim asked in a clarifying manner as his first officer and lingual specialst disembarked from the turbo lift onto the bridge. Spock deftly nodded his head. "Yes Sir." "Good. How's your Klingon, Kat?" Jim turned his attention immediately to his sister. Spock whipped his head around at her. "Kinda rusty, but I'm comfortable with it." Kat replied readily. "Good. You're coming too." Jim nodded his head. Kat gaped at him. "Wha-." "This isn't going to be a problem is it? You two working together?" Jim interrupted, eyeing Kat a bit longer before moving his gaze to Spock. Kat shook her head. "Not at all." She turned to leave the bridge abruptly. Spock glanced after her then returned his attention to Jim. "Uncertain." ... "Acting Captain Sulu to shuttle bay 2! Please have the train ship we confiscated during mud incident last month fueled and flight ready. Captain Kirk is en route to you now." Sulu's voice came over the intercom startling Kat. "Acting Captain Sulu?" She wrinkled her brow as she buttoned on the jacket that went with her Karnomian Arms Dealer disguise. "One of many misguided decisions the Captain has made this week." Spock commented as he straightened the collar of his own uniform. Kat sighed. "Maybe not. Sulu can be tough when he wants to be." She muttered thinking back to when he led the shuttle crew just three months ago during the mission on NIbiru. "That is not what I am referring to, Ambassador." Spock retorted calmly, assuming his seat on the shuttle. "I am referring to your reinstatement to the Enterprise which in all logical sense violates the terms of your suspension." Kat rolled her eyes at the ceiling. "Spock, I told you. It was a special case. Admiral Marcus overruled my suspension himself so unlike his daughter I'm not going to get into trouble once we get back." She sighed and plopped down in her own seat. Spock frowned slightly at his window. "Regardless, the fact remains that you had a duty to our son and he is still too young and not ready to be without his parents...You should have stayed with him." He turned slightly in his chair. "Is that a slight against your Father or against me?" Kat let out some cheek. "Katarina-." Spock started to protest. "So you're saying it's okay if you die on the mission...even if that means condemning Grey to the same fate I suffered as a child." Kat tightened her grip on her controls. Spock shook his head. "That is never my-." "Are we ready for take off?" Jim entered the shuttle dressed similarly to Spock and Kat. Spock turned slowly back around in his seat. "Aye Captain." "We're ready when you are." Kat chimed in. "Good." Jim nodded then sat down in the last remaining seat in the pod. "This is Captain Kirk to Enterprise. Stand by for take off." He spoke into the COMM. Sulu's voice answered him. "Roger that, Captain. Good luck." He buzzed out. Jim started the controls. "All right here we go." ... In silence the tiny crew of the space shuttle manuevered the pod until they were just crossing the border across the neutral zone. Spock looked down at his scanners as Jim glanced towards his sister. "Captain, I am detecting a single life sign in the Kathoc Province. Given the information provided by Mr. Scott this is most likely John Harrison." He drawled in a low almost bored tone of voice. Jim reverted his gaze back to him then returned his attention back to his station. "Mr. Sulu I think we've got our man. You tell him we mean business." He ordered before clicking off the COMM. "Aye Captain." Sulu complied. Kat looked up from her monitor just as Sulu's voice came booming over the Intercom from the Enterprise. "Attention John Harrison! This is Captain Hikaru Sulu of the U.S.S. Enterprise. A shuttle of highly trained officers is on its way to your location. If you do not surrender to them immediately I will unleash the entire payload of advanced long ranged torpedoes currently locked in to your location. You have two minutes to confirm your compliance. Refusal to do so will result in your obliteration. If you test me, you will fail." The annoucement ended and Kat felt a grin tickle her face. "Not bad...and you doubted him." She turned to make eye contact with Spock. Spock pretended not to hear her. "We will arrive at Harrison's location in three minutes Captain." He brought up a star map on his monitor and enlarged the view screen. "It is unlikely that he will come willingly. I calculate the odds of him attempting to kill us at 91.6 percent." He calculated. Jim sighed. "Fantastic." "Well it's a good thing you don't care about dying then." Kat said without thinking. A short awkward silence fell among the crew. "I am sorry Ambassador I could not hear what you said." Spock responded turning slightly in his seat at her. "Oh I didn't say anything." Kat cut him off, thinking before choosing her next words. "Although...I'd be happy to speak to you if you would try to be less judgemental towards me." "Guys..." Jim tried to stop the argument, but no one was listening to him. "Katarina, might I suggest that we save this conversation for a more private hour." Spock as usual refused to lose his calm. "Why? Is it making you uncomfortable?" Kat bit making Spock wince slightly. "Our current circumstances require undivided focus from each of us Ambassador I must advise you-." "To what? Drop the issue until it blazes back up again?" Kat retorted. "Ambassador I must protest!" Spock raised his voice slightly. Jim decided to step in. "Guys, I'd appreciate it if you'd both cool it until we get Harrison into custody." He tried to use his Captain voice. Kat held up two fingers into the air. "Two seconds please. Spock, do you want to know why I'm here? Why I sent Grey to be with your Father and rejoined the crew instead of leaving this all to you?" "Kat-." "It was for us!..Not just for the baby for all of us! When you were in that volcano...and you said you were willing to die to preserve the mission it killed me! It..it was like...like you didn't feel anything..." Kat's voice broke. "Like you didn't care about us...And if you think I'm willing to stay back and do the same thing you got another thing coming." "Okay that's enough, Kat!" Jim finally snapped. Spock raised his chin. "Your suggestion that I do not care about dying is incorrect. As sentient beings, the optimal chance at maximizing our utility is a long and prosperous life." He spoke as if reading a definition from a dictionary. Kat groaned. "Not exactly a love song, Spock." Jim couldn't help himself. "You misunderstand." Spock's voice suddenly hitched. "While it is true I chose not to feel anything upon realizing that my own life was ending I could not block out every care from my mind." Kat frowned at this. "While Admiral Pike lay in agony of his injuries, I melded with his consciousness...and experienced what he felt in that moment. Like myself, he had been looking to his own death. Anger, confusion, loneliness...and fear." Spock stared at the monitor as if it were a window into the past. "I had experienced all those feelings before multiplied exponentially first on the day my planet was destroyed and then again...on the night I believed I would be leaving my child Fatherless. Such a feeling is something I choose never to feel again." Spock finished. Kat felt a lump the size of a golfball get lodged in her throat. "Katarina," Spock turned his head slightly in his wife's direction. "You mistake my decision not to feel and the resulting conflicts of that decision...as a reflection of my not caring for you. When I assure you the truth is precisely the opposite." Tears filled Kat's eyes. She turned to try and meet her husband's gaze, about to make her own confessions, when something hit the shuttle tossing everyone inside. "What was that?" asked Jim. Spock bent back over his scanners. "We are being pursued by a D4 class Klingon vessel, Captain." He identified as a strange mark appeared next to the tracking signal of the shuttle on the map. "What? I thought you said this part of the planet was abandoned!" Kat panicked. "It must be a random patrol!" Jim reached to increase the speed of the shuttle. "Hang on!" He took the shuttle into a steep dive. ...
(Hey guys! Sorry about the delay but this time it's not really my fault. This new update would have been up a lot sooner if my computer hadn't corrupted the file this story was saved on and deleted the new chapter I had almost finished. Long story short I had to rewrite the whole chapter and it's not exactly what I had originally written down but I hope you like it anyway. Thanks for your patience. :) I own nothing but Kat) ... Part 20 ... "They have us trapped." Kat stared dismally at the fleet of Klingon warships who managed to surround them after a fifteen minute chase through the planet. Through the weak speakers on their shuttle, the elder Kirk could hear the Klingon army leader shouting obscenties in between his demands that the captured ground crew of the Enterprise land their vessel and surrender themselves to the Klingon empire. "Kat." Jim spoke after listening for a minute. "What are they saying?" He turned to look over his shoulder. Kat bit her lip. "They want us to land." She spoke after listening for awhile longer. "They want us to surrender to them and once we do...they will take us prisoner, interrogate us, torture us...and kill us." She finished with a feeling of dread in the pit of her stomach. Spock frowned at her words. "Then we come out shooting." Jim decided rather rashly as he bent over the controls. Kat turned in her seat. "We are techinically outmatched in everyway and immeasurably outnumbered." Spock spoke up first before Kat could say anything. "Attacking first would not only be illogical but dangerous to the shuttle crew and the Enterprise." "Great! Then how do you suggest we answer the Klingons?" Jim snapped, phasing neither his first officer or his sister with his sudden edginess. "We agree to their terms and land as they ordered us to. Then you send me to talk to the leader and negotiate our release." Kat answered before her husband. Jim whipped his head around at her. "No!" He answered almost instantly to the plan. "You're not going anywhere near them. It's suicide!" "I agree. It is much too risky." Spock added worriedly at the suggestion. "You have a better idea?" Kat challenged, keeping her chair swiveled in Jim's direction. "If we fire, we'll die. If you don't let me talk to them, we'll die and if we stall too long, we'll die. This is the only chance we have!" She kept her gaze pointed at her brother. Jim shook his head. "If I let you go down there, you could still die." He pointed out. "The Klingons don't care about humans or anyone! What makes you think you could convince them to let us go?" He asked. Kat took a deep breath. "Because the Klingons care about honor. It's the one thing that drives their entire culture. If I can play on that, I'll be able to convince them to stand down." She argued. "As valid as that fact may be, the risk is still too great Katarina." Spock put in turning his chair too so that he was facing his wife. "I agree, it's bad enough you're here in the first place." Jim agreed. Kat turned to meet Spock's gaze. "Harrison murdered countless members of his own kind back on earth. In the Klingon world that merits as one of the worst acts of dishonor one could commit." Her stare hardened into a glare as she returned her attention to the Captain. "You brought me here because I could speak Klingon, Jim. So land this shuttle right now, and let me speak Klingon." Jim sighed frustrated as the Klingon envoys began to show their impatience. "Tell them we'll agree to their terms." He spoke reluctantly after a minute in a voice so low that Kat barely heard. "Aye Captain." Spock nodded and moved quickly to relay the message via text format. Kat turned back around in her seat. ... The scorching dry air of the Klingon homeworld burned against Kat's cheeks as the shuttle's landing ramp lowered slowly onto the ground. Before her the Klingon army waited greedy for bloodshed with their leader standing at the very head of their rank. She took a deep breath. This was it. No room for mistakes or miswordings, she had to come through for the sake of the crew and her family. "I come in peace!" Kat spoke in clear distinct tone as she passed through the ranks of Klingon soldiers. Most of them sneered at her words and it took all of the Ambassador's self control not to falter as she stared right into the leader's cold unphased electric eyes. "There is a criminal hiding in these ruins...he has killed many of our people and now is in hiding in your world. We ask only for permission to capture him so that he may face the consequences of his actions." For a moment no one spoke, then the leader came forward and emitted a snort before removing his helmet. "And why earth wench...should I care about a human killing other humans?" He asked spitting on Kat's face with his words. Kat forced herself to stay calm. "Because you care about honor...and this man has none. Your people will be in great danger if you allow him to go free." She retorted roughly in Klingon. "Honor?" The leader snorted again as a hiss of hot air blew against their faces. "What would you know about what we consider honor?" He stepped forward again and lunged out with his right hand. Kat gasped as he grabbed her by the throat lifting her off the ground slightly so that her toes were barely grazing the gravel. "Please!" She gasped forgetting her Klingon as she clawed uselessly at the other man's arm. The monster merely sneered at her fear before reaching behind his leg to grab a knife. "Die now!"He snarled, raising the blade. Suddenly bolts of laserfire exploded into the group killing several Klingons excluding the leader instantly. Taken off guard, the Klingon leader turned his attention from Kat giving her the perfect opportunity to fight back. Lashing out with her right leg, she kicked him as hard as she could between the legs causing him to release her instantly due to the pain. Not wasting any time, Kat grabbed the dagger from the leader's hand and plunged it straight into his leg before following up immediately with a high swing kick. Just as it connected a bolt of laser hit the leader's chest and he fell horribly at the Ambassador's feet. Stunned, Kat stared at the corpse dumbly for a minute before turning to see a tall hooded figure in a dark coat shooting at the Klingons from a cliff just above the platform where she was standing. "Katarina!" Jim called out before tackling her straight across the ground. Kat screamed and grimaced as a second gasket blew up about a foot behind her. The rough terrain scratched against her neck and face. Quickly Jim tossed her the spare phaser he'd brought from the shuttle before throwing himself to his feet. "Still think this was a great idea?" He asked his sarcasm getting buried in his franticness as he ran off after the rest of the Klingons. Kat caught the gun and expertly spun it to her dominant hand before glaring after her brother. Smart Allick! She loaded the weapon before taking down two Klingons who were running at her full speed. Seeing an outcropping of trenches ahead, Kat made a beeline for the area taking down as many of the adversary as possible. Well so much for negotiation. Kat grumbled as she ducked behind a high wall for cover. Now the whole galaxy is in danger and it's all my fault. "Look out!" Spock came around the corner and shot a Klingon that was coming up behind her. Kat screamed as a bolt of laserfire grazed against her neck. Spock caught her when she stumbled. "I have failed." He frowned as he looked at the seeping wound under her chin. Kat shook her head. "No-!" She started to correct him when a gasket blew up on the other side of the wall causing her to stumble. Spock quickly pulled her down to her knees. "The plan was flawed after all. We should never have agreed to this." Spock muttered as he examined the little cut. Kat grabbed his hand to stop him from touching the wound. "It was worth a shot." She said with a Kirk-like smirk that mirrored her younger brother's. Spock started to retort when Jim suddenly tumbled across the path locked in a deadly wrestling match with a fierce Klingon warrior. Kat cocked her gun ready to fire on Jim's attacker when someone beat her to it. Spock looked up just as the same dark figure from before leaped down from the ledge and pulled back on the hood of his coat before throwing down his rocket phaser. Kat rushed to her brother's aid forgetting her injury as the man neared their location loading his shotgun. Swiftly without blinking an eye he took out the remainder of the Klingons pausing only once to pick up a dagger from the ground. Spock hurried out to protect his comrades loading his own weapon without stalling. "Under the authority of Starfleet Enterprise I order you to stand down!" He ordered setting his rifle to stun. The man ignored him. "How many are there?" He asked turning to meet the two Kirks' ithout flinching. Both siblings gasped when they recognized the slim pale face and electric blue eyes that greeted them. "Stand down!" Spock raised his voice. Kat gasped as Harrison wordlessly shot the weapon out of his hand. "The torpedoes! The weapons you threatened me with in your message! How many are there?!" The taller man repeated. Spock glanced at where his wife was knelt protectively over her brother as she stared fearfully at the cloaked man. "Seventy Two." He answered after a second. Hearing this, Harrison threw down his remaining weapons including the dagger he'd stole from the Klingons. "I surrender." He kept his gaze on the Captain. Slowly Jim stood to his feet, the shock and confusion quickly turning into anger as he stumbled forward towards his new prisoner. Kat stayed where she was too shocked to even register Harrison's surrender. "On behalf of Christopher Pike, my friend...I accept your surrender." Jim spoke in a voice full of venom. Slowly he raised a fist. ... "What are you saying? He just gave up just like that after taking out an entire army?" Bones seemed incredulous when Jim explained the details of Harrison's capture to him minutes after their quarry had been safely taken into custody. "That's what I said." Jim spoke in the same testy voice he used when he accepted Harrison's surrender earlier. "He took an entire squad of armed Klingons single-handedly and I want to know how." "Well looks like we have a superman on our hands." Bones muttered making Kat wonder if he was trying to be sarcastic. "How else could he have taken all of Jim's punches back there without a single bruise or cracked rib to show for it?" The older Kirk added. Jim rolled his eyes. "Katarina, report back to the bridge!" He snapped surprising his sister with the the intensity of his command. "Jim I have orders-." "And now I'm giving you another order! Go back to the bridge! You are dismissed until further notice!" The Captain cut her off. Spock glanced between him and his wife while Kat's eyes narrowed in irritation with her brother. "Admiral Marcus's commands supercede any you could give me to contradict his intentions. I am going with you to interrogate Harrison-." "Permission to speak with Ambassador Kirk in private, Captain." Spock spoke up before the argument could continue. Kat turned her indignant gaze towards him. "Granted." Jim sighed nodding as if surrendering a difficult child back to his parents. Bones gave the couple a side long look before following the Captain to the lift. "Kat," Spock spoke only once he was sure he and Kat were alone in the corridor. "I know what you're going to ask and I've already told you it's confidential. I'm under oath. I'm sorry, Spock." Kat sighed and tried to side step around the Vulcan. Spock grabbed her by the arm. "Be that as it may, as your husband and Thy'la I believe I have the right to know how Harrison pertains to you and your reasons for leaving our son in order to seek him out." His grip though gentle was firm and not without force. Kat kept her gaze averted. "You do...but I can't." She said biting her lip as she fought against the urge to to tell her husband everything. "Katarina." Spock frowned slightly at her words. "I urge you." Kat pulled her arm out of his grip. "I should go put something on this wound." She turned abruptly to head into the Med Bay wincing when her fingers grazed the injured spot on her neck. Spock followed her. "Commander! You are needed immediately at the Detention Level. Captain's orders." A loud male voice boomed through the intercom speakers. "Katarina!" Spock caught his wife before she could enter through med bay, surprising her since he normally would have assumed his duties immediately and left their personal issues for later. "Please swear you will not attempt to venture anywhere near Harrison for the remaining duration of the mission until he is placed into proper custody. Though hostage he is still a danger in particular to you." He spoke in what seemed to be a standard warning tone. Kat hesitated before answering. "I know how dangerous he is." She murmured before turning around to face him. "That's why you have to let me do what I came here to do." A tear shone in her eye. "Please, will you trust me Spock?" She asked speaking clearly in Vulcan with barely an accent in her speech. Now it was Spock's turn to hesitate. "I will try." He answered in equally clear Vulcan sincere despite his own reservations on the matter. Finally Kat emitted a slight smile. "Thank you." Spock slipped his hand under her chin. "I only wish you would trust me, Katarina." His touch though firm as usual was surprisingly tender like his words, making the guilt burn even more through Kat's conscience. "Trust me Love, it's not that I don't." She let her gaze drop along with her smile, entering the Med Bay before another word could be spoken. ... "Why aren't we moving...Captain?" Harrison drawled in a seemingly bored tone of voice as Bones drew a blood sample from his arm. "An unexpected malfunction perhaps in your warp core conveniently stranding you on the edge of Klingon space?" He inclined his head as the Vulcan officer who had threatened him earlier joined the Doctor and the Captain in the detention area. "How the h*** do you know about that?" Bones asked nearly drawing his device out early in instinct. "Bones." Jim nodded for his friend to remain quiet. "I have insight into many things on this ship Captain. Some of which you may find useful." Harrison responded calmly despite the sudden rise in tension his words had brought on. Bones looked down when the little tube he was holding filled to its max. "I'm done here." He muttered, drawing the syringe out with smooth practice. Harrison hardly flinched. "Great. Tell me what you find once you complete the scan." Jim nodded to Bones first then to Spock. "How is she?" He asked in a low whisper only Spock would hear. The Vulcan raised an eyebrow. "She has gone into the medical bay to seek some first aid attention...otherwise she seems well despite some emotional turbulance regarding the specifics of her purpose in this mission." He frowned as he remembered how guarded his wife had been with him. Jim sighed. "I note your Ambassador is not with you." Harrision continued to stare boringly into the Captain as Bones left the area. "How is your son, Commander?" Both Jim and Spock turned their heads sharply at the question. "What are they to you?" Jim asked testily. Harrison fought back against a smile. "Maybe the better question Captain...is why is Katarina is here in the first place? Knowing she cannot hope to change things...without endangering the lives around her." Spock narrowed his eyes. "What does that mean?" Jim clenched his jaw. "It means we can't trust him. Come on." He motioned deftly with his arm for Spock to follow him. Reluctantly his first officer did so. "Ignore me now and you will get everyone in this ship killed!" Harrison called after them despite the looks he was recieving from the prison guards around him. Jim stopped in his tracks. "Captain," Spock spoke warningly when he saw the look on the younger man's face. "I believe he may only attempt to manipulate us further. I would not recommend engaging the prisoner even for Kat's sake." "Just give me a minute." Jim retorted with all the calmness and authority he could muster without being too loud. Spock still looked unsure. "If you are certain." He nodded before leaving the detention area. Jim waited till he had left before returning to his spot in front of Harrison's cell. "Let me explain what's going on here." He spoke in a tone that told his hostage he was on the border of self control. "You don't get to make the threats here, I do. You are a criminal and a prisoner only by my goodwill. I was authorized to end you after the genocide you commited back on the earth and the only reason why you are still alive is because I am allowing it! So don't push your luck!" He spat his final words just barely managing to keep in control of himself. Harrison rolled his eyes. "Or what Captain? You're going to punch me over and over again until your arm weakens? Well clearly you want to so tell me...why did you allow me to live?" He asked. Jim took a deep breath. "We all make mistakes." "No, that's not it." Harrision shook his head. "I surrendered to you, Captain because despite your attempts to convince me otherwise you seem to have a conscience, Mr. Kirk. If you did not it would be impossible for me to convince you of the truth." "The truth?" Jim answered incredulously. Harrison nodded. "2-3-1-7-4-6-1-1. Coordinates not far from earth. You want to know why I did what I did? Why I saved your sister's son?...Go and take a look." "Give me one reason why I should listen to you?" Jim snarled. "Kat may have been gullible in her desperation, but I am not that easy." "I can give you 72 reasons...and they are on board your ship, Captain. They have been all along." Harrison answered readily. "Why don't you take an example from your sister and take a leap of faith as she did...and open one up?" ...
(New Chapter. I hope it's not too bad. I nothing but Kat.) ... "Are you out of your cornfed mind?" Bones demanded once Jim told him and Spock of his intentions to open one of the torpedoes Marcus had installed upon Khan's suggestion. "Bones-." "You're not actually going to listen to this guy, are you? He killed Pike, he almost killed you and God knows what else he's done!" Bones did his best to keep his voice down. Jim stifled a sigh. "Bones, he saved our lives out there-." He tried to respond calmly, but Bones wasn't going to let him finish. "Oh so now you think it's a good idea to open up a volatile piece of machinery just because he dared you to?" He asked. Spock cocked his head to the side. "The Doctor does have a valid point, Captain. The risks are too high." He spoke with his usual calm and sincerity. Bones cringed visibly. "Don't agree with me, Spock. It makes me very uncomfortable." The Doctor shuddered. Spock turned his gaze towards CMO noting his anxious appearance as he paced around the narrow area of the deck they were standing on. "Then perhaps Doctor you too should learn to govern your emotions. In this situation logic should dictate our every-." "Logic!" Bones cut him off. "Good God Man! There's a freaking maniac trying to make us blow up our own ship here and you think that with logic-!" "That's not why he surrendered!" Jim cut him off getting more vocal as the tension hit a boiling point. "I don't know why he suggested we open a torpedo but it's not to blow us up. If he wanted to do that, he wouldn't have allowed us to take him into custody here. We're going to open a torpedo. The question is how." Spock raised an eyebrow surprised at the level of logic the Captain showed. Of course that was not to say he was on board with the younger man's plan. "Yes how Jim?" Bones nagged. "With Mr. Scott gone there isn't anyone on board right now with the proper qualitifications for handling a ten pound stick of dynamite." "Your assumption is incorrect. The Admiral's Daughter was added to the crew this morning and she is a weapons' specialist with particular interest in the new torpedoes. Perhaps she could be of assistance." Spock chided the Doctor calmly. Jim and Bones fixed the Vulcan with a simultaneous confused stare. "Admiral's Daughter? What Admiral's Daughter?" asked Jim. "Carol Marcus." Spock answered widening his eyes slightly. "Your new Science Officer who concealed her identity in order to board the ship." Jim chewed on his lower lip. "And when were you going to tell me about this?" He asked sounding a little edgy. "When it became relevant. As it just did." Spock's lips twitched into what seemed to be the ghost of a smile. Bones rolled his eyes. "Have Dr. Marcus report to me immediately." Jim turned to Uhura. She nodded her head. "Yes Sir." The Lieutenant sitting next to her raised his hand. "Sir? I'm detecting an unauthorized presence in the detention level." He motioned to his screen. Jim hurried over to investigate his monitor. "Oh no..." He groaned. ... "I am surprised to see you." Harrison spoke without turning to face the young woman standing behind him and the thick pane of glass that seperated them. "I thought you would be expecting me." Kat responded calmly looking over her shoulder quickly while taking care not to appear nervous. Harrison suppressed a chuckle. "After...After your brother performs his investigation of the torpedoes and discovers what I already know to be true, then you would have come...to bargain for your lives." He turned slowly on his heel. Kat shook her head. "That's not why I'm here." She snapped, keeping her arms folded stiffly behind her back as Spock often did. She stared intensely into his cool grey eyes. "I want to know why you saved my son and what you want with me." Harrison inclined his head to the side. "And what makes you think I want anything from you?" He asked, eyeing the Ambassador with calm despite the intensity of her gaze. Kat swallowed roughly. "I read up on the attack at Starfleet." She turned to pace in front of the window. "I know you bargained with the man who blew up the London Archives for his daughter's health. So what is it you want from me, Harrison? What are you planning on having me do in exchange for what you did for my son?" Harrison advanced slowly towards the window. "I want you to help me of course...help me release my family." He spoke in a low melodious voice that almost made Kat feel sympathetic to him. "Your family?" She raised an eyebrow suspiciously. Harrison nodded his head. "They are trapped here in this ship. In the highly volatile weapons your Captain was ordered to use upon me. All I want is for their release to be secured, then I will agree to face justice for what I have done." He promised moving so he was standing directly in front of the window. "Please Katarina." Kat shuddered at how softly he spoke her name as if a spider drawing in its prey with the beauty and silkiness of his newly spun web. "I don't understand...how could a person be inside a torpedo? It violates every regulation regarding weapon protocol within Starfleet Regulations." She shook her head. A ghost of a smile twitched at the corner of Harrison's mouth. "Desperate times call for desperate measures." He chuckled and placed his hand palm flat against the window pane. "You of all people here should understand that very well." Kat bit her lip. "That's different. I never would have hurt anyone in order to save Grey! You killed and injured hundreds of people in that explosion!" She shouted in anger. "One of them my dear friend." "You think I have never suffered loss before, Ambassador? I did what I did because I believed that my crew..my family had been murdered by him! The man on whose orders you've rejoined your crew!" Harrison's tone turned dark and menacing. Kat had to force herself not to back away. "It's not true...Admiral Marcus is under Starfleet oath. He would lose everything including his life if he ever attempted such a crime!" Harrison leaned back on his heels. "You think so, Ambassador? Why don't you go and see for yourself then? When your brother goes to investigate my claims on the torpedoes tell me if I am right. Is the Admiral your ally...or am I?" Kat started to respond. "Ambassador, Commander Spock is enroute to the detention level. You must leave immediately." The prison guard who had reluctantly allowed Kat to visit with Harrison alerted her as a message relayed to him through his monitor. Kat nodded her head at him. "Thank you Lieutenant." She turned to leave giving Harrison one last wary glance before heading into the Turbo Lift. Harrison's smile widened in a full spread grin. ... "Are the torpedoes in the Weapons Bay?" Carol asked as she hurried ahead of the Captain down the corridor. Jim nodded his head as he hurried to keep up with her. "Yes, loaded and ready to fire. What are they?" He asked. Carol shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know. That's why I forged my transfer onto your ship which I do apologize for!" She stopped suddenly and turned around to face her Superior. Jim barely stopped in time to avoid colliding with her. "If I've caused you any problems with my deception Captain, I am very sorry and I'm prepared to face whatever consequences my actions incur. My real name is Carol Marcus and though I am a Starfleet Weapon Specialist, I am also Admiral Marcus's daughter." She spoke sincerely. Jim nodded his head. "It's all right. I understand why you did it. Call me Jim." He added in attempt to assure her that he was not angry about her false name. Carol looked visibly relieved. "Thank you. We should hurry though." She turned to continue on her way to the weapons bay and collided into someone who was rushing too quickly through the corridor. "Oh! I'm so sorry Doctor..Jim?" Kat paled when she saw who was walking with the new Science Officer. "There you are!" Jim stepped between Carol and his sister and grabbed her by the arm to prevent her from leaving. "What were you thinking? I told you to go back to the bridge!" He hissed ignoring Carol's presence for a moment. Kat jerked her arm free from her brother's grip. "I already told you I'm on special orders, Jim. Now if you excuse me Captain, I have an important call to make back to Starfleet." She tried to go around him. Jim quickly stepped in her way. "I don't think so. Special orders or no I am still your Captain, Miss Kirk and I order you to tell me what Harrison said to you at the brig." He fixed her with his most authoritative stare. Kat swallowed audibly. "Captain I don't mean to intrude, but we haven't got much time." Carol interjected uncertainly as she looked between the siblings nervously. Jim sighed irritably. "Kat?" He pressed not shifting his gaze from his sister. Kat finally averted her gaze. "There was nothing of importance. I will tell you once I do learn something of note, okay James?" She promised using her younger brother's real name in order to soften him to her cause. Jim looked dissatisfied with her answer. "Dr. Marcus, go on ahead to the weapons bay. I will meet you there momentarily." He ordered not looking at the other woman as he issued the order. Worried, Carol silently complied to his command and Jim waited till she had gone before pulling Kat aside into an unoccupied cabin nearby. "Now, tell me what's really going on." He demanded trying his best to keep his voice level as he shut the doors to the room. Kat sighed. "Jim..." "Now!" Jim snapped, sounding a bit more harsh than he intended. Kat flinched. "John Harrison...made a deal with the man who blew up the London archives." She spoke softly yet firmly glancing at the door as if she thought someone was listening. "In exchange for curing his daughter, he had the man rig an explosive in the main library destroying not only the records but those who kept them." Jim cocked his head to the side in confusion. "What does that have to do with you?" He asked in a low voice Kat did not like. Still she continued, knowing he deserved to hear at least this much of what she knew. "Because I am in a similar situation." She murmured hanging her head as she thought of what Spock's response would be to what she had at first unknowingly done to save their son's life. "What-?" Jim started to go off when an alert came over the intercom confirming that all weapons specialists were gathered at the ammunitions bay. The Captain sighed knowing he couldn't linger any longer despite the situation. "Stand by! I'm on my way!" He responded, turning to head for the exit. Suddenly he stopped and glanced back at where Kat was. "Report to the bridge. We'll finish this discussion later, okay Kat?" He promised sounding much gentler than before. Kat slowly nodded her head. "Aye Sir." ... "Captain on the bridge!" Sulu annouced as Jim entered the bridge after seeing Bones and Carol off with one of the torpedoes to the surface of Kronos' first moon. "Mr. Sulu." Jim acknowledged his pilot as he crossed to the front of the area. "Doctors Marcus and McCoy landed on the moon yet?" He asked as he scanned the bridge. "Not yet Sir." Sulu responded as he checked his read outs. "No detected activity from the Klingons yet either. I fear if we stay here much longer though they will find us." He reported grimly. Jim sighed. "Lieutenant Uhura, have you let Starfleet know that we have Harrison in custody?" He asked as Kat slipped silently into her post behind him. "Yes Sir. No response as of yet. I did however recieve a message from the hospital. It's about Admiral Pike." Uhura hesitated as she got up to let her mentor take her place back. Kat frowned when she heard the uncertainty in the cadet's voice. "Yes?" Jim urged when Uhura struggled to complete her thought. "Sir...Admiral Pike is dead. He succumbed to his injuries about thirty minutes ago." Uhura hung her head. Kat and Jim exchanged brief stunned glances. Spock became rigid in his seat. "Engineering to Bridge! Hello Captain! Can you hear me?" Chekov's loud highly accented voice boomed through the speakers successfully snapping the Captain and his sister out of their daze. "Yes Mr. Chekov!" Jim hurried to assume his seat. "I hope you have some good news for me!" Kat silently assumed her seat. "Ah the good news is we found the leak Sir, but the damage is substantial! We are working on it!" Chekov seemed to be grimacing with his words. Jim sighed and a ran a hand through his hair. "Great. Do we have any idea what might have caused it?" He asked. There was a brief silence then that confirmed Kat's fears. "Ah no Sir...but I accept full responsibility!" Kat and Uhura exchanged worried frowns. "Something tells me it wasn't your fault. Keep on it." Jim responded sighing as he ended the call. "Captain, the shuttle is in position now. Dr Marcus and McCoy are on enroute with the torpedo." Sulu updated Jim as he brought up a chart on his panel screen. "Very good, Mr. Sulu." Jim approved as he opened a channel to Bones. "Bones, thanks for helping out. Dr. Marcus asked for the steadiest hands on the ship and I couldn't think of anyoen better." He smiled showing a bit of cheek. Kat rolled her eyes. "You're welcome. Although when I dreamt of being stuck on a deserted planet with a beautiful woman there was no torpedo in it." Bones snapped a bit peevishly making several members of the bridge snort with laughter. Now it was Jim's turn to roll his eyes. "Dr. McCoy may I remind you that you are not there to flirt." He spoke through clenched teeth. Kat turned surprised at the amount of venom in her brother's statement. "So how can these legendary wonderful hands help you out, Dr. Marcus?" Bones's question seemed implicitly directed at Carol. "Bones..." Jim groaned making Uhura giggle a bit as Spock raised an eyebrow at the Captain. "To understand how powerful these weapons are we need to open the warhead and to do that we need to access the fuel compartment." Carol explained patiently as she set the necessary equipment on the torpedo. Bones shrugged his shoulders. "So what's the problem then?" Carol gave him a sharp look. "The problem is the warhead we have here is live and volatie and could detonate if we mishandle any part of the core. This is why I asked for you assistance, Dr. McCoy do you think you can handle it?" She asked. Bones scoffed. "Sweetheart I once performed an emergency C-Section on a pregnant Gorn who was giving birth to octuplets. Let me tell you those things could bite." He groaned as he set a box of obviously heavy equipment down on the ground. "I think I can work some magic with your missile." Sulu and Jim exchanged glances. "Mr. McCoy there's a bundle of fiber optic cables against the intercasing." Carol continued her instructions as Kat bent to check for a response from Starfleet. No new messages. "Still?" Uhura frowned as she looked over Kat's shoulder. "Something must be wrong. I sent that message 0200 hours ago right after you guys got back with Harrison." She scratched her head. Kat licked her lips. In the back of her mind she recalled Harrison's words to her back at the brig concerning the credibility and integrity of Admiral Marcus's intentions in this mission. Could it be he was ignoring their messages on purpose? "Ahhhh!" A sudden cry of pain interrupted Kat's thoughts. Sulu suddenly became rigid in his seat as a red alert broadcasted through the ship. "Captain the torpedo has just armed itself! Dr. McCoy is trapped!" Jim blanched. "What?" "Dr. Marcus! What the h*** just happened?" Bones cursed as he made a few futile attempts to free his arm from the core of the missile. Jim turned to face his First Officer as a mechanical voice began counting down to detonation. "Mr. Spock alert the transport team and have them beam them both out of there." He ordered. Spock sprang from his seat. "The transporter cannot diffrentiate between the torpedo and Dr. McCoy. We cannot beam back one without the other." He spoke with a sense of worry tinting his voice as he came over to stand next to the Captain. Kat glanced at him tensely. Jim leaned over his intercom. "Dr. Marcus we cannot beam you both out without the torpedo. Is there anyway you can disarm it from your end?" He asked as calmly as he could well manage. "I'm trying." Carol's response was tense as she worked frantically with the exposed wires of the missile. When the countdown reached to ten Bones got frantic. "Jim forget about me! Get her the h*** out of here!" He shouted over the noise of the torpedo. "No! You beam me back he dies! Just let me do this!" Carol stubbornly refused Bones's sacrifice as she pushed another wire gently out of her way. Sulu bit his lip and turned slowly to face Jim. "Standing by to transport Dr. Marcus on your command, Sir." Kat's eyes widened in fear at that. "Five..." Bones began to count out loud, his voice getting higher and paler as he went on. "Four...three.. two..." "S***!" Carol suddenly interrupted yanking out the core just before the computer could count the final second. The red alert went away and everything went eerily silent for a second before the panting of the two doctors sounded through the speakers. "Deactivation of the torpedo was successful Captain." Spock noted with undue calm that was not shared by anyone else on the bridge. "Naw, you think?" Jim sighed and leaned towards the speakers. "Dr. McCoy are you all right?" He asked. For a moment there was no response. "Jim!" Bones spoke after a few minutes had passed by in silence. "You're going to want to see this." ... "What do we got here?" Jim asked the minute he, Spock and Kat made it down to the Med Lab where Bones and Carol managed to bring the newly deactivated torpedo after making sure all its detonative properties were destroyed. "Something quite ingenius." Carol responded lifting a piece of the torpedo's armor away with little trouble. "The fuel container in this missle has been removed and retro-fitted to contain this cryotube. I've never heard of anything like it." She seemed impressed, but her revelation was chilling to Jim and Kat. Kat gasped when she saw what was inside the cryotube. "Oh my God!...Is he alive?" She asked turning to Bones for an answer. "Oh he's alive." Bones nodded. "But if we try to revive him without the proper sequencing he won't be." He looked down grimly at the unconscious man below him. Kat felt her stomach churn. So the Admiral knew. Harrison wasn't lying about his crew...his family... "Well can't we just figure out the sequence and wake up him? Maybe he could tell us something about Harrison." Jim suggested. "It's not that simple. The technology used to freeze this man is not something I learned back in my Standard Emergency Medical Procedures Class. It's way beyond me to be honest." Bones sighed. Spock furrowed his brow. "How advanced is it, Doctor?" He asked. "No it's not advanced, Commander Spock." Carol shook her head as she rejoined the group around the torpedo. "This cryotube is ancient. Carbon Freezing has been outmoded since Warp Technology was first developed." She explained. "And that explains the most interesting thing about our friend here." Bones added on, glancing at a stat reading on the tiny panel located on the bottom of the window on the cryotube. "He's over three hundred years old." Spock's frown deepened. Jim's eyebrows nearly leaped off the top of his forehead. "You are certain?" Spock asked as calmly as if he were quizzing his students at the Academy. "Dear God..." Kat breathed as she gaped down at the unconscious man below her. Spock and Jim both lunged towards her at the same time as Kat swooned unexpectedly at the news. ...
(New update (Finally I know) I've been working this chapter a lot so I hope you like it. Sorry if it gets too confusing or bogged down or inconsistant with the rest of the story. I own nothing but my OC.) ... "Why is there a 300 year old frozen man in that torpedo?" Jim asked, eyes narrowed as he ran back to confront Harrision in the detention level. "There are men and women in all those torpedoes, Captain. I put them there." Harrision answered slowly lifting his gaze to meet Jim's. Jim turned to exchange glances with Spock at this. "Who are you?" Jim continued, narrowing his eyes slightly as Harrison's gaze took on a far off look. "A remnant of a time long past...Genetically engineered to be superior so as to lead others to peace in a time of war." Harrison spoke as if reciting an ancient motto. "We were condemned as criminals, forced into exile. For centuries we slept hoping that when we awoke things would be different. But as a result of the destruction of Vulcan your Starfleet began to aggresively search distant quadrants of space." He he turned to meet Jim's eyes again. "My ship was found adrift and I alone was revived." "That makes no sense." Jim shook his head. "I looked up your files and until a year ago, John Harrison didn't exist. How could anyone be as old as they say you are?" He demanded. "Because John Harrison is only a fiction!" Harrison stood from his seat crossing his arms behind his back before advancing towards the window. "A smokescreen created to conceal my true identity by your Admiral Marcus so I could help advance his cause." Spock furrowed his brows "Your true identity?" Harrison turned to meet his gaze. "My name, Commander. My true name...is Khan." He nearly growled the words. Jim fought against the urge to shiver at the ominousness of his tone. "Khan?" Harrison slowly nodded his name. "Well then tell me Khan...what would a Starfleet Admiral ask a supposedly 300 year old frozen man for help?" Jim asked. "Because I am...better, Captain." Khan answered as if it were common knowledge. "Better?" Spock inquired still frowning. "Better." "At what?" Jim cut in. "Everything. Your wife understood this, Commander. That is why she made the decision to trust me not too long ago..." Khan paced the front of his cell towards Spock, the edge of his lip curled in a cool smile. "...with the fragile health of your son." Spock tensed very slightly at this. "Why would Kat trust someone like you?" Jim demanded. "Admiral Marcus trusted me. Forced to respond to an uncivilized threat in a civilized time, he needed a warrior's mind. My mind...to design weapons and warships." Khan shutting his eyes briefly as if reminiscing on the past. "You are suggesting the Admiral violated every regulation he vowed to uphold simply because he wanted to exploit your intellect?" Spock as usual was calm and calculating though even Jim could tell that he was starting to lose it since Khan had implicated both Kat and Grey in his plans. "No, he wanted to exploit my savagery!" Khan snarled as he nearly sprang at the window. "Intellect alone is useless in a fight, Mr. Spock, but I wouldn't expect you to understand that. Unlike Katarina, you can't even break logic for the sake of your own child, how could you be expected to break bone?" He taunted. "It is unthinkable." Spock retorted. "Admiral Marcus is a high standing official of Starfleet. Under no circumstances would he break all his oaths for a purpose as irrelevant and hostile as you suggest." "Really?" Khan seemed to challenging them now, moving his gaze from Spock to Jim again. "Well Marcus did use me to design weapons. The very same which you now hold in your ship. During our work, he came to realize a new dream. A mission if you will for a militarized Starfleet. In order to see this dream to a reality he sent you, Captain Kirk to use the weapons I had designed and fire them on an unsuspecting planet. He also allowed Ambassador Kirk to find me at her time of greatest need prompting her to force her way back into active status as a member of your crew where her poor handling of the negotiations with the leader of Kronos will not only have ruined her and the reputation of all Starfleet's Ambassadors, but lead all of humanity to one unavoidable outcome." "Which is?" Jim did his best to maintain his cool, but unlike Spock he was not as adept at controlling himself. "War...The Klingons would come searching for whomever was responsible and with your ship crippled and unable to escape you would have no chance for escape. Marcus...would finally have the war he talked about. The war he always wanted." Khan responded. Jim shook his head. "No...No! I watched you open fire on a room filled with unarmed Starfleet Officers. You killed them in cold blood and my sister would never knowingly trust someone who did that!" "Marcus took my crew from me!" Khan suddenly snapped turning quickly as if he'd been struck to walk back towards the the bench in the back of his cell. "You are a murderer!" "No! He used my crew to control me!" Khan stopped walking away just before he could reach the only seat in the room. Stunned by the passion and anger he heard in the other man's voice, Jim stopped shouting and instead stared at the back of Khan's head. "What?..." "After I'd met Katarina, I tried to smuggle my companions to safety by concealing them inside the very weapons I had created." Khan's voice broke slightly as he revealed this bit of information. "I tried to send them away before Marcus could use them to further force me into submission...but I was discovered. I was forced to escape alone. And when I did I had every reason to suspect that Marcus had killed every single one of the people I held most dear." He turned back towards the Captain and his First Officer revealing two icy tears trailing down his face. "So you see Captain, I could only respond in kind to him and to the organization who would have shared in the destruction of my family. Would you not do anything for the safety of your own family?" asked Khan lowering his voice. Spock frowned and turned to look at his Captain with a cautionary look on his face. "Captain, I would not advise interrogating the prisoner further. He is clearly attempting to manipulate us and in this moment a clear mind is the best weapon of our defense." He whispered so that Khan could not catch what he was saying. Jim started to reply when his portable COMM beeped in alert. "Proximity alert Sir! There's a ship at warp headed straight for us!" A voice that sounded like Sulu reported through the crackly speakers. Jim turned to answer the call. "Is it a Klingon ship?" "At warp?" Khan shook his head overhearing the report. "No Kirk...I think we both know who it is." He stepped even closer to the glass. Jim felt a chill race up his spine just as Sulu responded. "I don't think so Sir. The ship isn't coming at us from Kronos and there are no Klingon markings on the helm." Jim paled. No! It's can't be!...He can't be right! There has to be some mistake! Jim slowly, almost involuntarily backed away from Khan's cell not taking his eyes off of his cold blue gaze until he reached the Chief Warden's desk. "Lieutenant have Khan moved to the med bay immediately and keep six armed guards posted on him at all times!" He ordered before jogging towards the turbo lift. Spock quickly turned to follow him as the Warden confirmed his compliance. "Captain," Spock spoke as soon as the doors of the turbo lift closed. "You appear to be distressed, perhaps you should take some time to recollect yourself while I-." "That's not necessary, Mr. Spock. Thank you though. You should go check on Kat, before you report back to the bridge. I'm sure Lieutenant Fryar can handle things for a bit longer in your absence and she'll kill me if I keep you from her." Jim interrupted smirking a bit despite himself. Spock started to respond when the doors to the lift opened and Sulu turned immediately around in his seat. "Sir! ETA of incoming ship in three seconds!" He reported frantically. Jim blanched even more that. "Shields up!" He ordered dashing to his seat while Spock quickly assumed his own post. A quick glance around the bridge told the Vulcan, that his wife was still absent from her post and this worried him until an incoming transmission signal caught his attention. "Captain! They're hailing us, Sir." Uhura reported from the communications desk. Jim slowly nodded his head. "On screen...and broadcast it shipwide for record." He ordered. Uhura nodded her head and hit the appropriate switches and buttons biting her lip in unease at the situation. Soon enough the large overbearing image of the highest commander of Starfleet Enterprise appeared on the ship's main viewscreen. Jim swallowed gingerly. "Captain Kirk." Marcus greeted conversationally as if calling in for an update on the mission. Jim and the others could tell however that cordiality was far from being the reason for the Admiral's visit. "Admiral Marcus," Jim returned the greeting with the same cordiality as best as he could manage. "I wasn't expecting to see you here...That's a heck of a ship you got there too, Sir." He added. Marcus ignored the attempt at small talk. "Well I wasn't expecting to recieve word that you'd taken Harrison under custody in violation of your orders." He almost snapped the words. Jim stiffened slightly in his seat. ... "Well uh..we had to improvise Sir when our warp core unexpectedly malfunctioned upon our arrival to Kronos, but you already knew that didn't you Sir?" Jim's voice though cool and collected also carried hints of arrogance, which made Kat frown as she watched the broadcast from the Med Bay. "It is as I have said." Khan spoke in almost a mystical voice as he sat hemmed in at a biobed by seven Starfleet Security Officers. Kat fought against the urge to turn towards him. "I'm afraid I don't take your meaning, Son." Marcus responded cooly in kind wearing a stern reproving look on his face. "Well that's why you've come, isn't it Sir? To assist with our repairs and collect a report from Ambassador Kirk?" Jim assumed in a manner that told Kat and the other onlookers that he was trying to inconspicuously probe for Marcus's true intentions. "Why else would the Head of Starfleet personally come to the edge of the neutral zone?" "Yes why?..." Khan responded as if Marcus and Jim would be able to hear him. Kat shut her eyes briefly as she realized what Admiral Marcus's intentions could be. "Because Jim was supposed to kill you, not capture you. The fact that I never reported back to fulfill my end of the deal must have made him realize that his orders were not followed." She opened her eyes again. He's here for Harrision... "Is there something I can help you find, Sir?" Jim asked when Sulu reported that the Admiral's ship was attempting to scan the Enterprise. Kat felt her heart leap into her throat. Without waiting to hear Admiral Marcus's reply, she turned quickly to return to the bridge. Carol stepped in her way concerned when she noticed the look on her face. "Where are you going?" "Back to the bridge to explain things to Admiral Marcus." Kat tried to walk around her. Carol followed. "It won't matter what you tell him, Ambassador. My Father is here on his own agenda and I don't think it has much to do with what he asked you to do for him." She warned. Kat furrowed her brows at the sureness she heard in her voice. "What do you mean?" ... "Well s***...you talked to him." Admiral Marcus sighed and rubbed the bridge of his nose stressedly as if dealing with a rebellious child for the umpteenth time. "This is exactly what I hoped to spare you and Kat from." Jim frowned at this. "What do you mean by that?" "I took a tactical risk and woke Khan up, believing his superior intelligience could help us protect ourselves from whatever came at us next, but it was a mistake and now the blood of everyone who's been killed that night at the Conference Tower is on my hands." Marcus explained, leaning forward in his chair a little. "I only overrode Katarina's suspension and sent her along with you hoping that her connection to Khan would be a useful tool in luring the murderer to his demise. Now I see even that was a fool's hope." Jim felt his stomach churn. "That's why I'm asking you, Jim...give him to me so I can end what I started myself." Sulu and Spock both turned simultaneously at this towards Jim. Uhura took a deep breath. "And uh...What exactly would you like me to do with his crew, Sir?...Fire them at the Klingons, destroy a million lives and start a war in the process?" Jim asked. Marcus stiffened his seat. "He put those people in those torpedoes, Kirk and he was probably going to use your sister to release them so that they could cause more destruction and violence throughout the galaxy with some cornfed tall tale about them being his family!" He snapped. "You saw what he did by himself, can you imagine what could happen if we woke up the rest of his crew?" Jim bit his lip. "Well Sir-." "What else did this psycho tell you? That he's a peacemaker?...He's playing you Son and he's already playing your sister! Don't you see that?" "I agree that he's probably been manipulating Ambassador Kirk, but I do not believe that he's been lying to us about everything." Jim muttered a bit too much like a sullen child who was getting chewed out by his Father. "Kirk...Khan and his crew were condemned to death as war criminals when they escaped and now it is our duty to carry out that sentence immediately before anyone else pays for my mistake." Spock stood from his chair and moved to join Jim by the Captain's chair. "Captain, I suggest we cooperate with the Admiral. His logic is sound and we must comply in order to avoid further infringement on our given orders." He muttered in a low voice that Marcus wouldn't be able to hear. Jim hesitated. "I'm going to ask you one more time, Son. Lower your shields...tell me where he is and I'll take care of it from here on." Marcus finished. Jim looked down at his chair panels. "He's in Engineering Sir under heavy guard." He sighed in reluctant compliance. Spock raised an eyebrow at this. "But I'll have him moved to the Transporter room right away." Jim slowly raised his eyes. Admiral Marcus sat back in his seat. "Very good, Captain. I'll be waiting." He signalled for the end of transmission and the video cut out. Jim sprang from his seat. "Do NOT lower those shields, Mr. Sulu." He jabbed a finger in Sulu's direction before heading over to check the distance between their location and Earth. Sulu turned to glance at him briefly for a moment before warily nodding his head. "Aye Sir." Spock followed Jim. "Captain, given your knowledge of Khan's true location in the Med Bay, may I know the details of your plan?" He asked narrowing his eyes in suspicion. Jim looked up to face him. "I told Admiral Marcus we were bringing a fugitive back to Earth so that's what we're going to do. Mr. Chekov!" He hit a button opening a channel to the Engineering Department. "Aye Captain!" The exhausted sounding Chekov answered readily to the call. "Can we warp back to earth?" Chekov hesitated before answering. "Sir if we attempt to warp now, we will run the risk of seriously damanging the core!" "But can we make it?" Jim pressed getting impatient as the seconds ticked by. Chekov sighed. "Technically...yes! But I would not advise it Captain." "Understood." Jim disconnected the transmission. "Mr. Sulu, set coordinates for Earth." ... "What's happening?" Kat gasped when the ship suddenly jolted forward throwing her and Carol off balance. Carol glanced up at the ceiling. "Are we at warp? I thought the core was damaged." She frowned. Kat turned to meet her gaze. "It is damanged. That Idiot! How could Jim be so stupid! We'll get fried before we reach the planet!" She started to run again. Carol followed. "That's the least of our worries! Captain Kirk lied to a Starfleet Officer and fled with a dangerous hostage! We'll be dead even before we get close to earth!" She spoke through clenched teeth as the two women reached a lift. Kat started to punch the button to open the door when they flew open revealing a worried looking Spock inside the booth. "Kat!" Spock stepped out when he saw his wife. Kat mirrored his expression. "Spock!What are you doing down here?" "I came to see if you had revived and to inquire a few things. Are you all right?" Spock asked. Kat started to answer when the ship suddenly jolted sharply to the right throwing everyone off balance. "What's happening?" Carol looked around worriedly as she struggled to regain her footing. Spock frowned. "We're under fire. The ship is taking heavy damage judging by the level of reverberation." He turned to get back into the lift leading Kat with him. Carol quickly followed. "They're firing at us?" Kat's eyes grew wide as Spock reactivated the elevator. "But how? How can a ship pursue another ship in warp?" She looked to her husband for answers. Carol bit her lip. "Because Admiral Marcus designed a ship that can do just that. Not only can it pursue a ship in warp, it can also operate under a crew of four men or less." "Four or less? That's impossible!...Isn't it?" Kat furrowed her brows. Spock had no answer for her. "Regardless, we have to stop the Captain!" Carol ran past the couple into the lift. "If we don't who knows many lives will be lost!" As if answer to resolution, the lift doors opened and Carol dashed out followed quickly by Kat and Spock. "Shields!...At 21%!" Sulu gasped as he struggled to keep and his monitors online. "Major hull damage, Captain!" Officer 0718 added. "Our communication signal is dwindling!" Uhura reported as just as one of the speakers fried. "Evasive manuevers! All stations! Get us back to earth right now!" Jim barked running across the bridge in a wild frantic manner that made Spock stare at him disapprovingly. "Captain stop!" Carol quickly stepped in front of the Captain successfully stopping him in his tracks. "If you don't stop now and let me speak to my Father, every member of this crew will die on this ship!" She shouted somehow being audible over the chaos on the bridge. To Kat's surprise, Jim thoughtfully considered the Doctor's words. Slowly he turned to face the Communications station where Uhura was seated and took a deep breath before speaking. "Hail them now." Uhura nodded her head and hit the necessary switches while Kat worked to quickly shift the remaining communication power to the main monitor. Carol turned to face the screen. "Sir?...It's me! It's Carol! Please stop!" She begged. For a minute the laser fire continued with no lag in the pattern. Then suddenly it stopped as if the cannons had run out of fuel. The view screen flickered a moment then Admiral Pike's face reappeared. "What are you doing on that ship?" He spoke in a low growling voice. Carol took a deep breath. "I heard what you said...that you made a mistake and now you're doing everything you can to fix it, but Dad...I don't believe that the man who raised me is capable of destroying a ship full of innocent people and if I'm wrong about that then you're going have to destroy it with me on board." She stammered slightly. Admiral Marcus sighed. "Actually Carol...I won't." He straightened up in his seat and sighed again before turning to give an order to one of his crew members. Thinking that negotiations had worked, Carol started to relax until she felt something pinch at her sides. "Oh!" She gasped as an unusually high transport signal came flashing across Sulu's monitor. "Carol!" Kat shot up from her seat realizing what was happening. "He's using our transport waves to beam her off the Enterprise." Sulu turned look from Carol to Jim with a fearful expression on his face. "Well can you block it?" Jim asked not taking his eyes off of a slowly panicking Carol. Sulu shook his head. "No Sir." Spock started to turn in Kat's direction when Carol suddenly shot past him like a bullet screaming in terror before the transporter took her off the enterprise. Jim stared in horror at where she had been standing. "No!" "Captain Kirk without authorization and in league with the fugitive John Harrison you have entered in rogue enemy territory risking open war upon the galaxy. This in turn has left me no choice but to hunt you down and destroy you. Lock phasers." Marcus sat back in his seat. Jim paled. "No Sir! Wait wait wait! You can't do this!" He tried to protest though his pleas were falling on deaf ears. Spock quickly closed the remaining distance between himself and Kat. "Sir my crew was just following my orders! I take full responsibility for my actions, but they were mine and mine alone!...If I transmit Khan's location to you now all that I ask is that you spare them! Please!...I'll do anything that you ask." Jim pleaded thinking of Kat, Spock and little Grey. Admiral Marcus silently considered Jim's words. "That's a...heck of an apology Captain, but if it's any consolation I was never going to spare your crew." His gaze fell briefly on Kat making her cringe slightly. "Fire all!" He turned to give the final order. Jim started to respond, but the transmission cut out. Kat's heart sank as her mind conjured up a brief image of her son. The thought of him growing up alone and angry over the loss of his parents as she and Jim did, made her choke. "I made this so much worse." Spock turned to meet her eyes. "You were right, Spock. This was a mistake...I've sentenced Greysam to a fate much worse than mine." Kat blinked to keep the tears from falling. Stunned, Jim slowly turned to face his main crew as they looked to him for final guidance. "I...I'm sorry." He choked as the hum of weaponry warming up filtered through the damaged hull. Uhura looked at the floor dejected. Sulu tried his best to resign himself to his fate while Kat turned and hid her face in the crook of Spock's neck. Spock surprised her by wrapping his arm around her. "He is safe and cared for, Katarina. That is what's most important for right now." He spoke in a calm even tone that betrayed only the slightest hint of despair. "My Father will see to it that he is well looked after. His memory of us will bode well." He assured her. Kat barely looked up at him. "So you don't regret it?" She asked in a voice that was barely audible. "This mission?...Not forcing me to get off that shuttle when you had the chance?" She managed a wobbly watery smile at the end. Spock swallowed. "I did not say that." His voice wavered barely, but Kat saw his lips twitch upwards. She laughed softly though the sound came out sounding strange and hoarse and shut her eyes just as the ion cannons reached the peak of their power. Spock stiffened and inhaled sharply just as the cannons suddenly died away. Sulu bent over his monitors in shock and confusion. "Sir? Their Ion Cannons are down." "What?" Jim turned to face the monitor, confused and hardly daring to believe their luck. "What do you mean? What's he trying to pull?" He bent over Sulu's shoulder. Just then a crackly transmission came over the main speakers and Kat started at the familiar voice. "Enterprise!...Can you hear me?..." ...
(Hey guys! Once again it's been ages since I last updated. I had a lot of trouble forming this next update since I could not decide for the life of me whether Kat should remain on the Enterprise for the duration of this next part or if she should somehow end up on the Vengence side of things however stupid of her it might be. Finally I made a decision that I hope continues to make this interesting for you my readers and that you won't totally hate me or Kat after you see what she's done here. I know I didn't follow the original story exactly this time, but I wanted to give Kat some action so I hope you all will enjoy! And we'll see if I can take this to the end of Into Darkness soon :) Love you all and Happy Reading. I own nothing but my OCs.) ... "Scotty!" Jim could not believe his ears. Kat moved away back towards her station and bent back over the monitor. "Guess what I found behind Jupiter?" Scotty responded in what sounded like a loud whisper. "You're on that ship!" Jim almost laughed aloud. "I snuck on! And seeing as how I just committed an act of treason against a Starfleet Admiral, I'd really like to get off this ship. Now beam me out!" Scotty hissed. Jim chuckled. "You're a miracle worker Scotty. Hang tight! We're a little low on power right now, but we'll get you home. Don't you worry." He ran a hand through his hair. "What?...What do you mean you're low on power? What did you do to the Enterprise?" Scotty started to go off on the Captain when a sudden noise behind him made him stop. "Oops! Gotta go!" The transmission clicked out and Jim's smile fell. "Scotty...Scott!" He turned towards his communication officers. "Get him back on line!" "We're already on it." Uhura readily answered as Kat straightened next to her. "Mr. Spock!" Jim motioned to his First Officer. The Vulcan immediately turned to follow him. "What's your assessment?" Jim asked in a low voice as Kat came to join them. Spock frowned. "Our options are limited, Captain. We cannot fire and we cannot flee." "And we can't defend. Sulu said our shields are almost completely down." Kat piped in. Jim slowly nodded his head. "We there's still one option. Lieutenant Uhura once you get Mr. Scott back on, patch him through to the main channel." He turned to give one more order to his former classmate while Kat and Spock exchanged confused worried glances. Uhura looked from her Captain to her Mentor then nodded her compliance. "Yes Sir." "Jim?" Kat sensed by her brother's tone that he was up to something. Something she probably wouldn't like since he was keeping mum about it. "Mr. Spock you have the Comm. Kat, see if you can't jam the Vengence's main transmitters." Jim interrupted and turned to head for the lift. Kat shook her head and started to protest, but her brother was already halfway off the bridge. Sighing she turned to say something to Uhura then quickly kept after the Captain. "Captain I strongly object." Spock and Kat followed the Captain swiftly into the turbo lift. Jim sighed and pressed the close button by the doors. "To what? I haven't said anything yet." He muttered with a roll of his eyes. "Since we cannot take the ship from the outside the only way we could take it is from within and as a large boarding party would be detected it would be optimal for you to take as few members of the crew as possible." Spock spoke as if his words were rapid fire missiles. Jim sighed and stepped off immediately when the lift opened to the Med Bay level. Spock and Kat followed. "You will need resistance requiring personnel with advanced combat abilities and innate knowledge of the ship!" "Khan!" Kat finally spoke, the realization hitting her like a ton of bricks though she didn't know why she was surprised given Jim's past decisions since the start of the mission. "Precisely." Spock nodded at her. "The Captain is planning on boarding the Vengence in secret using Khan as his only squad member." He returned his focus to the Captain. "But that would be treason!" Kat panted as she tried to keep up with the two men. "Not to mention absolutely crazy!..Jim, allying with Khan after we swore to turn him in-!" "I'm not allying with him, Kat! I'm using him. The enemy of my enemy is my friend." Jim retorted. Kat sighed at this. "How poetic..." Spock's frowned deepened. "An interesting quotation which I acknowledge could prove relevant in other given circumstances." He muttered in a schooled tone. "Spock raises a valid point, Jim. Have you forgotten what Khan did back on earth? He is no one's friend! Especially not yours!" Kat added. Jim tightened his jaw. "Still, it's a heck of a quote." He muttered not slowing his pace. Kat groaned. "Jim!-" "Allow me to go with you, Captain." Spock requested still as calmly as ever, cutting his wife off as they rounded a corner towards the Sick Bay. "And me too!" Kat spoke up again with conviction. "You'll need extra back up in case Admiral Marcus gets his power back early." "No! I need Spock on the bridge and I need you to keep Marcus off my tail from here!" Jim nearly snarled the words. Kat flinched slightly at that while Spock forcefully grabbed him by the arm. "Katarina is correct however Captain! We cannot allow you to do this alone! As your first officer it is my function aboard this ship to assist you in the making the wisest decisions possible. Something I firmly believe you are incapable of doing in this moment!" The tension heightened in the Vulcan's voice slightly. "You're right!" Jim snapped finally, turning around and making both Spock and Kat take a step back shocked at this outburst. "You're both right! This is stupid and crazy and...What I'm about to do now it doesn't make any sense! It's not logical or wise! It is a gut feeling!" Jim continued, his speech faltering slightly when as a lump rose in his throat. "I have no idea what I'm supposed to do...All I know is that I need to get the both of you back home again safely to your son and to do that the Enterprise needs someone in that chair who knows what he's doing! And that someone is not me!..." The Young Captain looked from his sister to meet his First Officer's gaze. "It's you Spock." Spock started to raise one eyebrow at that, but Jim was already walking off. Kat bit her lip. "We can't just let him go." She muttered biting the words as she stared bullets into her brother's quickly retreating back. Spock sighed. "There is nothing we can do, Kat. He is the Captain and he has given us our orders. Therefore our only duty is to follow them." He turned to look at her. Kat shook her head. "Khan is no more trustworthy then Admiral Marcus is. It makes no logical sense for Jim to go alone. If Khan should decide we are no longer important to his cause..." She trailed off knowing there was no need to finish her thought. Spock merely nodded, considering his wife's words. "I agree with you entirely." He said softly. "But the Captain is right as well. We both need to remain on the ship." He drew closer to her. "Think of Greysam." Kat sighed. "I am." She turned to head reluctantly back to her station. Spock followed close beside her. ... "Captain, scanners are indicating that the Vengence is still offline." Spock reported calmly as he re-entered the bridge and recieved a quick report from Sulu. Kat quietly reassumed her own seat. "Copy that. We're on route." Jim's voice responded sounding from what remained of the ship's speakers. "Kat, have you make contact with Admiral Marcus?" Kat sighed and fiddled with the communications panel. "Negative. Our communication tower is damaged. I can't hail Admiral Marcus or jam him from here." She reported. Jim sighed. "Do what you can. I need him distracted until we get on the ship. Use your personal COMM if you have to." The Captain responded without much pause. Kat sighed. "Aye aye." She slowly disconnected her own communication line then reached for her portable. "Captain, before you launch you should know that there is a considerable debris field between our ships." Spock continued, speaking as calmly as if he were administering the Kobi Yashi exam. Kat imagined Jim sighing and rolling his eyes. "Not now Spock. Scotty you good?" He asked speaking to the former Chief of Engineering who was waiting in the cargo bay of the Vengence waiting to let Jim in at the appropriate moment. "Not yet!...Getting there!" The Starfleet Engineer huffed giving Kirk the impression that he was running as he climbed down next to Khan in front of the door that would shoot them out into space, hopefully towards the vengence. Kat bit her lip as she waited for Scotty to continue. "Ambassador Kirk, there is still some connectivity on the spare line. It's not as strong as the main tower, but it could be enough to hail help." Uhura looked up from her monitor waiting for some sort of order from her superior officer. Kat sighed and clenched a fist just as Scotty's voice crackled back through the speakers. Who in the universe would offer them any help now with any action against the Vengence easily constrained to treason? "Whoa whoa whoa! Hold on there Captain! This door is very wee!...I mean small! You won't fit through it without damaging your life support suit!" Scotty exclaimed through gasps of air. "We can make it Scott. Just be ready to open it when we give you the word." Jim responded calmly. "Captain it's impossible! It'd be like...jumping out of a moving car, off a bridge and into a shot glass!" Scotty retorted. "It's not impossible." A low deep voice boomed sending a shiver down Kat's spine as she recognized Khan's unmistakable timbre. "Scotty have you found the manual override yet?" Jim asked as if nothing were amiss. "Captain, I'm picking up a slight energy reading now from the Vengence." Sulu turned from his panel with a worried expression in his dark eyes. "Scott, are you ready?" Jim asked almost immediately. "Not yet! Getting there! This isn't easy ya mad b****!" Scotty snapped. "Kat, from our current position is it possible for you to establish contact with New Vulcan?" Spock suddenly appeared over Katarina's shoulder startling her a little. "Uh..Yes Commander I believe so. I'll do my best to establish a connection through our spare transmission line." She nodded though she wondered why her husband suddenly wanted to try contacting New Vulcan. "Thank you." Spock answered sincerely. "Should you get through, ask for Ambassador Spock and alert me immediately." He ordered. Again Kat nodded understanding this time. "Yes Sir." She smiled slightly and Spock returned it before quickly reassuming the Captain's chair. "Captain, I'm aligning the ships now." Sulu updated his report and Spock nodded in acknowledgment. "Very good Mr. Sulu." Bones came and knelt down next to the Acting Captain. "Tell me this is going to work Spock...Tell me Jim's idea isn't as crazy as I think it is." He muttered looking so tense Kat thought he might burst a blood vessel. Spock gave him a brief cursory glance out of the sides of his peripherals before responding. "I have neither the resources nor the confidence to do so, Doctor." He answered quite calmly not all easing Bones's feelings. "Well gee thanks." ... "Sir! Kirk is headed for a collision at point 432." A cadet in Navigation reported as he pulled up a trace map on Jim and Khan's space jump to the Vengence. Spock readily reported this to this Captain. "Captain there is debris directly ahead. Please take evasive action." "Copy that." Jim readily replied through the crackling speakers. Kat frowned as she wrestled with the transmission line. "Spock, I think underestimated the distance between our current location and New Vulcan a smidge. I'm not getting through yet and the space debris is not helping." She gritted her teeth. Spock straightened his posture in his chair. "Keep trying, Ambassador. Captain, you are still on collision course. What's wrong?" He quickly shifted his attention back to the main matter. Kat looked up just as a flashing red alarm blared across the bridge catching everyone's attention. "Whoa! Jim you're way off track! What the H*** happened?" Bones exclaimed upon examining the cause for the alarm. Kat clutched at her throat in anxiety. "I know! I know! I can see that!" Jim snapped just as Khan's trace indicator gained on his on the screen. Sulu quickly recalculated the distance. "Use your display compass Captain. You must correct position at precisely 37.243 degrees." He instructed. "Got it! I'm working my way back already!" Jim answered while everyone on the bridge waited with bated breath to see if Sulu's instructions would save their Captain in time. As Jim's indicator moved closer towards the correct course, the crew started to relax. "This is Prime Minister Salvev. Your transmission is shaky, Ambassador Kirk." A stern looking Vulcan male spoke as Katarina finally managed to connect with the main outpost of New Vulcan. "Greetings Prime Minister, I'm afraid our ship was damaged in a scuffle so I was forced to reach out to you using our spare transmission wave. Would it be possible to reach Ambassador Spock at this time? Acting Captain Spock has requested that I get into contact with him as a matter of utmost importance." Kat did not forget her manners as she spoke to the new Vulcan Prime Minister though she was sure the tremors of impatience and anxiety were more than audible to the Vulcan. "It is quite possible, Ambassador. Ambassador Spock has just returned from an errand. I will have him make contact to The Enterprise immediately." The Prime Minister immediately nodded in compliance. Kat held up her hand in the traditional Vulcan style salute. "Thank you Prime Minister. May you live long and prosper." The elder Vulcan returned the salute then the transmission ended. "Jim you're still off course!" Bones barked, bringing Kat's attention back to the situation at hand. "S***!" Jim cursed and Kat looked to her student, feeling her heart sink deep into her stomach when Uhura shook her head at her fearfully. "Captain, I lost Khan's signal. I'm working on relocating him, but he seems to have been knocked off the grid." She reported while frantically hitting key combinations on her computer. No longer able to hold herself back, Kat stood from her chair and strode towards her husband. "Spock, Prime Minister Salvev has responded. Ambassador Spock should be hailing us shortly." She reported forcing herself to sound calm. Spock turned and nodded appreciatively in her direction. "Thank you, Katarina. I deeply appreciate your efforts." Kat smiled back then she turned to slip out from the bridge just as Spock turned his attention away from her. As the airlift doors hissed closed, shutting out the bridge and its occupants from her view Kat felt a brief moment of hesitation and remorse, knowing Spock would be absolutely horrified and possibly even angry with her if he knew what she was about to do. Still she did not stop the lift as it made its descent. Please forgive me Love. I made a promise...and I have to keep it. ... "S**t!...S***!S***!S***!" Jim cursed under his breath as he fought to regain control over his space suit and get himself back on track towards the cargo entrance on the U.S.S. Vengence. What was worse than his current situation was that Khan had disappeared. One second he seemed to be gaining on his location in order to help him redirect his course, then his signal had blinked out as well and he was no longer responding through the comm link receptor in his helmet. Well..at least things can't get much worse than this. Jim thought to himself as he attempted to chart his way back on course with the mini navigation system on his visor display. Just as the path was beginning to look clearer something heavy struck his helmet cracking the visor and deactivating the navigation function. "S***!" He cursed again as Spock's crackling voice came back through his helmet speakers. "Captain, what's wrong?" "My Navi-Screen is damaged. I'm falling blind!" Jim blinked as more pieces of debris struck against his visors. He grimaced. If he moved his arms to shield his vision, it would throw his body off balance and he could end up even more off course than he already was, but if he didn't reset himself soon and get onto the Vengence, his air supply would run out and he'd die. "Stay calm Captain. We are attempting to redirect you on course." Spock's voice crackled back through his earpieces though his words did little to make Jim feel calm. "What about Khan? Have you found him yet?" Jim asked, angling his body in an attempt to turn himself a little towards the right. "Negative. We are continuing our attempts to reestablish connection with him as we speak." Spock answered. Jim felt his stomach churn. D*** it Khan! Where'd you go? He started to curse when something or rather someone slammed into him nearly knocking the wind out of him. He quickly realized it was another person in a space jump suit as the person's limbs wound snugly around him and wondered if it was Khan when instead a familiar female voice sounded through the speakers. "This is Ambassador Kirk. I've located the Captain and I'm even now returning him back on course towards the Vengence!" Kat spoke loud and clear as she threw her weight against Jim, trying to quickly get him back on course. There was a brief moment of dead silence before Spock's voice returned, this time sounding distinctly more rattled and anxious than before. "Katarina!...This defies all logic and sense! Will you comply and duly explain your motives?" "I have him back on course Commander!" Kat answered, her voice shaking slightly. "I'll get Jim onto that ship with or without Khan and we'll do what has to be done." The speakers sizzled for a second and Jim struggled a bit to look up at his rescuer's face. "Kat, what the h*** do you think you're doing? I ordered you stay back for a reason godd*** it! Greysam needs-!" "Jim I know! And trust me I'm not planning on leaving my son Motherless today or ever!" Kat snappishly cut her brother off, relaxing her grip on him as they got closer to their destination. But I have to keep my promise to Dad first... Jim shook his head, hearing the tremor in Kat's voice and wondering if Spock could hear it too from the Enterprise. There was something she was not telling him, but unfortunately he had no time to find out what it was now. He sighed in irritance. "Mr. Scott! Are you there? We need you to open that access port now!" He tapped into Scotty's line again, putting Kat out of his mind. Spock must have decided the same thing though his voice still carried a barely audible strain as he repeated the Captain's order to Scotty. "Why isn't he answering?" Kat wondered out loud. "Mr. Scott! If you can hear us, release the access port in ten..nine...eight..." Spock mechanically began to count down. Kat grimaced when the airlock remained closed and Scotty gave no answer through his COMM. "Do you think he was discovered?" She worried. Jim did not answer her. "Mr. Scott! Are you there? Open that airlock!" He shouted. Spock continued his countdown. More debris brushed past and against the two Kirks as they got closer and closer to the cargo door. Kat sucked in a deep breath and held it. If Scotty didn't open the access hatch now, both she and Jim would both end up as nothing more than bits of space warped splatters of flesh and blood in next few seconds. Grey...Kat felt her chest tighten. Spock, please forgive me! "Scott! Can you hear me!" Jim's pleas turned more and more desperate as Spock's countdown wound down, Scotty remained silent and they were reaching mere centimeters away from crashing into the side of the Vengence. Then as Spock reached one, the airlock opened and Kat sucked in a violent breath of air just before she and Jim flew into the airlock and slammed face first into the floor of the cargo bay sliding with the impact. Only when the airlock closed did they start to slow until finally they stopped barely missing the toes of a pair of familiar starfleet standard space boots. "Ah! Welcome aboard!" Scott greeted them in between pants as Jim removed his helmet and tossed it away. Kat followed his example. "Kat? What the h*** is she doing here Captain?" Scotty demanded when he recognized her face. Jim shook his head and scowled in his sister's direction. "We'll discuss that later." He responded before Kat could say anything in her own defense. "Khan-." "Who is that?" Scott interrupted pointing at something behind Jim and Kat. Both Kirks turned simultaneously to see a third figure rising slowly to his feet, tossing aside his own helmet and space armor as he did so. "Oh...that's Khan. Khan Scotty. Scotty Khan." Jim hastily made introductions, still trying to catch his breath and smarting from the impact of their landing. Kat rose to her feet shakily and rubbed her arm. "Jim, before this goes any further-." "They'll know we're here." Khan interrupted, his deep sonorus voice echoing through the cargo chamber as he looked around quickly to check their surroundings. "I know the quickest way to the bridge. It'll be best if we do not linger here." He stood quickly and looked to the Captain. Jim nodded and bent to open a case he had concealed on the back of his suit. Scotty reached to stop him. "Hang on Captain! Are you sure we can trust that guy? I dinnae like the look I saw in his eyes just now." He cautioned with a shudder. Jim sighed impatiently as he pulled three phasers from the case. "It's our only chance at the moment." He handed one of the pistols to Scotty. "Once the Admiral is in custody, we'll do the same with Khan." He spoke in a low whisper so that Khan would not overhear him. Kat bit her lip. "Jim-." "Kat, it's okay." Jim turned to face her. "We can talk about your reasons later, but for now the mission has to come first." He locked his own phaser on stun, then picked up the last gun. Kat started to grin and reached for it until Jim tossed the remaining phaser to Khan instead who caught it with ease. "What? Captain I must strongly protest against this! First you release him from custody and now you're giving him a weapon? Where's the logic in that?" Kat demanded, careful not to be too loud though Khan hardly seemed disturbed by her outburst. Jim shot her a look. "I'm sorry, I wasn't planning for stowaways." He retorted. Kat started to roll her eyes at his sarcasm, but Jim interrupted. "Oh and also, stop talking like your husband. It's giving me the creeps." Jim added with a slight grimace on his face. Scott and Kat exchanged glances at that, but there was no more time to argue. "This way. Hurry!" Khan's voice echoed through room again this time with more urgency. Jim, Scott and Kat all followed after him, though some with more reluctance than others. ...
(Here's another update. It gets pretty brutal in this chapter on Khan's end, but I hope you enjoy it and I hope I didn't pull Spock too much out of character here. It was hard to keep him in character while at the same time making sure he gives the appropriate responses to what happens here. Happy Reading! I guess we've only a couple more updates left after this unless you guys want me to write Kat into Star Trek Beyond too hehe. I own nothing but OCs.) ... "Commander? We are recieving a response from New Vulcan." Uhura's voice attracted Spock's attention. His eyes formally glued to the life frequency readings of the four people who were now sneaking towards the bridge of the U.S.S. Vengence. His eyes lingered on the frequency that marked his wife's gradually accelerating heart rate before he reluctantly tore his eyes away. "On screen please." He nodded to the Lieutenant doing his best to keep his expression straight as he straightened in his chair. A moment later a familiar old wizened face appeared on the large main screen monitor. "Mr. Spock." The old man on the screen greeted the acting captain and Spock nodded to acknowledge the greeting. "Mr. Spock. Thank you for recieving my call." The older vulcan merely shrugged and looked down affably at something in his lap. "I know you would not attempt a long distance transmission in the state of things without good reason Commander. Also there is someone here who is missing you and his Mother." Ambassador Spock, gently lifted something small and wriggling from his lap in full view of the screen. It didn't take Spock long to recognize his infant son though he was now wearing clothes more traditional to Vulcan children rather then what Kat had dressed him in. His eyes softened ever so slightly in longing at the baby who was seemingly staring at him through the monitor though he appeared quite comfortable in the Ambassador's arms. "That is why I have reached out to you Ambassador. Katarina is on board the U.S.S. Vengence with the Captain and a man named Khan even as we speak. I fear she has put herself in great danger. In any of your travels have you ever encountered someone named Khan?" Spock asked. At his question, the elder Spock slowly lowered his gaze and shook his head as if unwilling to answer. Then he spoke. "As you know I have made a vow never to give you information that could potentially alter your destiny. Your path is yours to walk and yours alone." Spock nodded in acknowledgement of the elder Vulcan's words. "I understand." "However," Ambassador Spock continued, looking up to meet his younger self's gaze once again. "That being said, Khan is the most dangerous adversary the Enterprise ever faced. He is brilliant, ruthless..and he will not hesitate to kill every single one of you. If what you said is true and Katarina is with him, her life is in even more peril then you realize." Spock gripped the arms of his chair a bit tightly in an attempt to keep himself steady as the elder's words flooded over him like a cold shower. "But you defeated him...did you not?" He asked, his voice not betraying his inner fears. The elder Spock nodded his head, but did not smile. "Yes, but at great cost. A cost I fervently hope you will not be forced to pay, Mr. Spock." He looked down at Greysam again and rocked him a bit. Spock set his jaw. "How did you do it?" ... "This place is creepy." Kat muttered as she followed the three men in front of her through the narrow and seemingly abandoned corridors of the U.S.S. Vengence. Khan was in the lead with Jim was directly behind him and Scott and Kat bringing up the rear. "I agree." Scotty nodded as he looked nervously around him. "I mean I don't want to state the obvious, but shouldn't there be lots of crew members here running the ship?" He asked as they passed another empty control chamber. Kat noted that the machines seemed to be operating on their own power. "This ship is designed to perform under a minimal crew. One if necessary." Khan answered quickly, his deep voice reverberating around the corridor a little. Jim furrowed a brow at this revelation. "How can-?" He started to ask and ducked when something...or rather someone jumped out at him from a hall on his left. Khan immediately jumped into action however and easily took out two men who had attacked him simultaneously, while another jumped Kat from behind and tried to choke her out. In desperation, Kat kicked him between his legs and briefly her attacker became subdued. When she tried to swipe his phaser, he retaliated by uppercutting her in the face. Jim held his own against another assailant though he seemed to be matching him blow for blow. Finally he knocked him out with a stun blast from his phaser while Scotty just managed to take out the man who had jumped him. When at last there were no more people coming out into the hallway, Jim looked around and realized that Khan had vanished sometime during the brawl. "Khan?" He called out as Kat stepped over the body of a knocked out crewman and set the phaser she stole from kill to stun. "I don't get it. Where did he go?" Scotty wondered as a sense of impending dread settled in Kat's stomach. Jim felt his blood run cold as only the discomforting silence of the corridors answered his call. "He couldn't have gotten far. Even someone with his fighting ability would have gotten slowed down a little during the brawl." Kat tried to reason. Jim cursed under his breath. "This way. Hurry." Khan's voice suddenly boomed from behind them. Startled, the three companions flinched almost as one and stared as Khan stepped calmly out from behind one of the panels. Without waiting for any of them to reply, Khan took his phaser from the back of his belt and began walking off down a hallway to the right. His boots made an ominous soft clicking noise on the hard metallic floor. "As soon as we get to the bridge, one of you drop him." Jim muttered in a voice so low only Scotty and Kat could be sure to hear him. "What? Stun him? Khan?...I thought he was helping us!" Scotty protested in an equally soft voice. Kat sighed and exchanged glances with her brother. "Jim's making the right decision, Scott." She said confidently, raising her phaser and holding it at ready position. "I had a feeling earlier when his signal disappeared during the space jump, but I don't think Khan's helping anyone here except himself." "But-." "They'll have regained full power any minute now." Khan's voice echoed back through the hall, making Scotty jump again. Jim gestured for the others follow and headed down the corridor Khan had disappeared into earlier. "You heard him. Let's go." As one, Kat and Scotty shadowed close behind him. ... "We're getting close. The entrance to the bridge should be just ahead. No more then twelve feet." Khan informed the group as he led the way down another abandoned hall. "Great." Jim muttered, keeping up pace at Khan's side as they briskly stepped closer to their goal. "Scott." Kat motioned with her head for Scotty to lean closer towards her so she could speak to him without Khan overhearing. Scotty readily complied. "Dr. Marcus was taken onto the Vengence just before Jim space jumped. There's a good chance that her Father is holding her on the bridge so if she's there make sure she doesn't get hurt when we start open firing on the crew." She whispered. Scott barely nodded his head. "Understood." He responded in an almost inaudible tone. Kat started to smile slightly in gratitude when Khan forced open a door at the end of the hall and shot down the first crew member he came in contact with. Losing no time, Jim, Kat and Scotty joined in the attack until no one was left conscious on the bridge of the Vengence except for Carol and Admiral Marcus. Quickly and without missing a beat, Scotty and Khan took up positions on opposite sides of the bridge to keep an eye on the rest of the crew while Jim cornered the Admiral. Kat hurried over to release Carol's restraints and help her up from the chair she was imprisoned in. "Are you all right?" She asked the other woman who seemed unharmed save for the fear in her light eyes. Carol started to nod when another phaser blast went off. Kat whipped her head around just in time to see Khan drop to the floor with an audible thud. Scott's phaser was pointed in his previous position. "Make sure he stays down." Jim ordered, not shifting his attention or the end of his phaser from Admiral Marcus. Scotty nodded and hurried to stand guard over his victim. "Admiral Marcus, you are under arrest." Jim spoke with authority over the older man, though Marcus didn't seem phased in the slightest by the menace in his voice. "You're not actually going to do this, are you Son?" The Admiral asked, narrowing his eyes at young Captain. "I wouldn't test me." Jim retorted. "Now put your hands in the air and get out of the chair before I make you get out of it." He threatened. Admiral Marcus made no move to do as he was told. "You better stop and think about what you're doing Kirk...about what you did on Kronos." He snapped. Jim clenched his jaw. "I did what I believed to be right." He answered though his hands shook for the briefest moment on his phaser. "Right?" Marcus suddenly exploded. "You made an incursion on an enemy planet! You killed a Klingon patrol! Even if you did get away without a trace, war is coming and who's going to lead us then Kirk? You?" "Jim is more than twice the leader you are right now, Marcus!" Kat spat, her blood boiling at the accusations made against her brother. "Even if he did go against orders on Kronos, I'd still follow my brother into death's territory twice before swearing allegience to a monster like you!" Marcus angrily swiveled his head in her direction at that. "Even if that means getting everyone on our whole d***ed planet killed?" He snarled giving Kat a look that could kill before returning his menacing gaze to Jim. "If I'm not in charge then our entire way of life is decimated! So if you want me off his ship, you'll have to kill me." Marcus finished. Jim shook his head. "I'm not going to kill you, Sir. I could stun you and drag your sorry behind off that chair. I'd rather not do that in front of your daughter." He finished softly, his gaze shifting quickly to Carol the same time that Marcus's did. For a brief second, Kat saw Marcus's expression soften towards his daughter, but the look was gone as quickly as it had come. "Carol?...You all right?" Jim asked, keeping his phaser locked on Marcus's position. Carol nodded her head, though she was still trembling a little. "Yes Captain." Jim nodded both in satisfaction and relief. "Good. Kat, radio the crew on the bridge-." He started to order his sister when Khan suddenly sprang up from the floor behind a distracted Scotty and knocked him out with an elbow shot to his head. "Jim!" Carol screamed in warning, but it was too late. Khan had already jumped over the main control panel and tackled Jim to the ground. Kat leaped up behind him and tried to attack Khan from behind to subdue him, but at the last second Khan whipped around and aimed devastating punch at her, kneeing her in the abdomen before sending her sprawling across the floor on the other side of the Command station. Despite the pain and the ringing in her ears, Kat tried to force herself to get up while Khan viciously attacked Jim until he was in too much pain to move much. Marcus meanwhile tried to make a break for it to the communication panel, but Khan was already hot on his tail, his eyes glowing with wild fury. "No wait! Stop!" Carol leaped in the way just before Khan could reach her Father. Kat felt her stomach clench when Khan easily shoved her away like an old rag doll. "Carol!" Kat raised her phaser and tried to aim at Khan despite all the stars she was seeing. Her fingers closed on the trigger just as Khan brought his foot down on top of Carol's leg with vicious strength. Kat's stomach churned sickeningly as she missed her shot and Carol screamed horribly from the agonizing pain. By the horrible cracking sound she had heard she knew Carol's leg had to be broken, most likely even crushed. Suddenly at that moment, Marcus let out a scream equally as horrible as his daughter's and Kat opened her eyes a little only to wish she hadn't when Khan crushed the former Admiral's head between his bare hands as easily as if it had been an orange. Feeling sick, Kat vomited all over the floor both in overwhelming disgust and pain as Carol's horrified cries echoed perpetually through the bridge. ... "Mr. Sulu, have you made contact with the Captain and the Ambassador?" Spock demanded after returning from overseeing the torpedo project he had set Dr. McCoy and the ship's team of medical and engineering officers over. The Chief Navigation's Officer shook his head. "No Sir, our communcations are still down. I can't-." Sulu started to respond only to be cut off by a loud painful sounding groan. Spock whirled on his heel to face the main screen just in time to see the main bridge of the U.S.S. Vengence reappear on the monitor. Only this time instead of Admiral Marcus, Khan was there holding a bruised and beaten Kat by her hair up on her feet in full view of the Enterprise crew with a phaser pressed to the back of her head. Just behind them, Spock saw that Jim was tied to the Admiral's chair and there was blood all around his mouth. "I'm going to make this very simple for you Mr. Spock." Khan spoke threateningly while Kat hung limpy in his grasp. "Kat!...Captain!" Spock blanched upon seeing his best friend and even more so his wife so greviously injured. "I'm not asking for much, Commander." Khan continued as if he were merely negotiating for trade peace. "My crew...for your crew." He tightened his grip on the back of Kat's head, making her gasp in pain. Spock flinched at the sound she emitted, but he worked to keep Khan from seeing any potentially compromising emotion on his face. "You betrayed us." He said in a tone colored with indignance, though he had expected no less of the war criminal and had feared this from the moment he realized Kat had disappeared from the ship. "Oh you are smart Mr. Spock." Khan seemed to be mocking him and Spock felt his stomach churn. Despite how un-vulcan like it was, he wished that the monster were in reach of him now so that he could personally avenge Kat's suffering upon his seemingly invincible flesh. "Spock..." Kat suddenly gasped and Spock flicked his gaze back to her. "Don't..." She begged, shaking her head the tiniest bit. Spock felt his emotional shield crumbling, but before he could respond Khan struck Kat in the head dropping her with a sickening thud. "Katarina!" Spock started to lunge towards the screen. Khan grinned wickedly at him. "I'm only going to ask this one more time Mr. Spock...give me my crew unless you wish to hear your Love scream again." He threatened, loading his phaser. Spock narrowed his eyes. "And what will you do when you get your crew?" He asked as calmly as he could muster. Khan cocked his head. "Continuing the work we were doing before we were banished." He answered with an unnatural coldness in his tone. "As I understand it, it involves the mass genocide of any being you find to be less than superior." Spock retorted. "Shall I destroy you and your entire family then, Mr. Spock? I can kill you and your wife as easily as I saved your son...Or will you do the logical thing and give me what I want?" Khan pressed. As Spock silently considered his options, he heard a crack and a devastating scream pierced the air from Khan's side of the transmission. "I will not wait forever, Commander." Khan warned. "My God! What's he doing to her?" Bones snarled, his fists clenching at his sides as Spock's resolved hardened. "I cannot send over the capsules containing your crew members. We have no transport capabilities." He responded. "Well fortunately mine are perfectly functional. Drop your shields." Khan drawled. Spock took a deep breath. "If I do so, I have no guarantee that you will not destroy the Enterprise and its crew." "Well then, let's play this out logically Mr. Spock." Khan retorted readily, bending down to grab Kat again. This time instead of pointing his phaser back at her, he aimed for Jim. "Firstly I will kill your Captain to demonstrate my resolve and if yours holds, I will have no choice, but to kill you and your entire crew starting with your precious Katarina." He purred threateningly, yanking on the tendrils of Kat's hair for emphasis. "But if you destroy our ship, you will also destroy your own people." Spock answered steadily, keeping his gaze matched with Khan's. "Your crew requires oxygen to survive, mine does not." Khan disagreed. "I will target your life support systems and after every single person aboard your ship suffocates, I will walk over your cold corpses to recover my people. Now...shall we begin?" Khan inquired menacingly. Spock needed no further time to think. "Lower shields." He ordered almost immediately. Sulu gave him a worried look, but silently did as he was told. Khan smiled ruthlessly. "A wise choice, Mr. Spock." He dropped Kat and ripped the restraints off Jim before knocking him off the Admiral's chair with an elbow to his gut. Jim cried out in pain as the blow most definitely cracked a rib and tumbled to the floor next to his sister, coughing up some more blood as Khan frantically worked the keypad at the main controls. "I see all 72 torpedoes are still in their tubes. If they're not mine Commander I will know it!" Khan warned, turning his attention from the scanner readouts to Spock who was still standing in center focus of the main screen. "Vulcans do not lie...The torpedoes are yours." Spock responded steadily, the deadly glare never leaving his eyes as Khan quickly keyed in the combination that would allow him to transport the torpedoes from the Enterprise to the Vengence. A low hum then reverberated through the ground as Kat and Jim gazed at each other helplessly at Khan's feet. "Oh...thank you Mr. Spock." Khan spoke with gratitude as Scotty slowly came to from where Khan had knocked him out earlier and stood slowly, rubbing at the left side of his head. "I have fulfilled your terms," Spock responded. "Now fulfill yours." Khan chuckled at the tone the Vulcan Commander took with him. "Well Kirk...it seems apt to return you to your crew. For after all..." He spoke almost in glee as he began the transport sequence. Kat gasped when she felt a strange energy surging around her. Jim coughed and spat out more blood as he struggled in vain to get to his feet. Scott and Carol stayed frozen with fear to their spots as Khan hit the final sequence on his control board. "No ship should go down without her Captain." ... When the buzzing finally stopped and Kat dared to open her eyes again, she was back on the Enterprise with Carol, Jim and Scott sitting around her. At least, she was pretty sure they were back on the Enterprise. Then she realized...Khan had transported them into his old cell. "Ahh!" Carol whimpered when the ship shook, jolting her broken leg which was visibly crooked and swelling purple. Kat looked down to check her right hand, which Khan had stepped on breaking two of her fingers as a warning to Spock. They too were beginning to swell and discolor. "Hey!" Wasting no time, Scotty raced to the glass closing off the cell and kicked at it to get the attention of the warden on duty. "Get us out of here now! These lassies need a medic!" He shrieked just as the Enterprise came under heavy fire, throwing everyone sideways. Paling, the young man on the other side quickly did as he was told, frantically hitting switches until the gate released. Jim grabbed Carol's right arm and hastily pulled her up to help her hop out of the cell while Scotty went to help Kat. As they ran frantically in the general direction of the Med Bay, Spock's voice suddenly echoed through the intercom warning the remainder of the crew to prepare for some sort of detonation. Kat was confused, wondering what Spock could be planning on blowing up at this time, when she remembered that Spock had just transferred the torpedoes Marcus had given them at the start of the mission to the Vengence. "Oh dear God..." Kat gasped as she kept her grip on Scotty's opposite shoulder. "What is he talking about? What detonation?" Scotty shrieked as he tried to keep up with Jim. "The torpedoes!" Jim realized as Carol's cries increased along with her pain level. "He armed the d*** torpedoes!" Kat flinched and gripped the scruff of Scotty's neck with her good hand to keep from falling when an explosion was heard and the impact rocked the entire ship. "Did he just...?" Scotty started as they scrambled the remaining distance to the Med Bay. By the time they burst through the door, Carol was screaming non-stop and Kat was beginning to feel a little light-headed. "Bones!..Bones!" Jim shouted as a couple of nurses immediately brought over two stretchers. Bones hurried over shaking out his tricorder as Jim gently helped Carol get onto one of the biobeds. Scotty laid Kat down in the other. "Aw d***...what a mess." Bones grimaced as he noted Carol's leg and Kat's bruised face. "You're telling me." Jim groaned as he leaned over for a minute to catch his breath. Bones gave him a once over then glanced over at a third empty biobed over his left shoulder. "Sure you don't need one of these too Jim?" He asked only half sarcastically. Jim chuckled painfully in response. "Nah I'm good. Just make sure these two get fixed up. Especially Dr. Marcus..." He glanced back Carol who was being given anesthetics to numb her so that the medics could set her leg. "She's been through enough already." Bones raised an eyebrow at this show of special concern, but decided not to get into the matter right now. "Yes well, it's good to see you again Captain. Did you enjoy the fireworks?" He asked gesturing with his shoulder. Jim's eyes widened at the implication behind the question. "You?...You helped Spock arm those torpedoes?" He asked. "You're d***ed right I did." Bones nodded. Jim exchanged glances with Scotty. "He killed Khan's crew..." He blanched despite the fact that he had no sympathy left for Khan. Bones snorted as if scoffing at Jim's assumption. "Spock's cold, but he's not that cold. I've got Khan's crew." He turned and motioned to a seperate chamber which partitioned off from the rest of the Med Bay. "72 human popsicles safe and sound in their cryotubes." Bones announced as Scotty and Jim went over to see that he was right. "Son of a gun..." "Bones? Bones..." Kat rasped as a nurse worked to stabilize and splint her broken fingers. "Could I trouble you to borrow your personal COMM?...Just for a moment? Mine broke while we were on the Vengence." She requested, smirking a bit sheepishly. "Uhhh..." Bones hesitated for a moment then he shrugged. "Sure. Why not. Just make it fast. I want to look at those bruises and make sure you don't have any internal bleeding started." He reached into his pocket and pulled out his little hand held. Kat smiled gratefully and dialed something into the little keypad before putting the reciever to her ear. "Dr. McCoy?" Spock's voice came soft and inquiring, making Kat smile in relief at hearing his voice directly. "Spock it's me." She whispered, hissing a bit in pain when the nurse tightened the splint on her fingers. There was a linger pause and Kat listened to the sound of the ship rattling and the crew frantically working to keep the ship afloat amid the terrible damage before Spock answered her in an equally soft voice. "Katarina?...Are you all right? How much have you been injured?" He asked, his voice trembling just the slightest amount. Kat shrugged one shoulder. "Just a few bruises. Listen Spock I...I just wanted to tell you that I'm proud of you...That was real swift thinking using the torpedoes against Khan." She said with a smile before tears spilled from her eyes. "I'm...sorry I left without telling you what I was doing." She swallowed hard as Bones came over to her with a vital scanner in his hand. Spock sighed. "You have no need to apologize. Your actions saved the Captain, Kat and once we've landed and secured the ship I will come for you. And we will-." But what they would do, Spock did not get to say as the ship's lights suddenly went out along with the rest of its power. Jim, Kat and Scotty looked around in horror as the Enterprise began to float lifelessly through space. The ship was dead. ...
(Here is a new update. I'm not exactly sure how I feel about it, but on the whole I am pleased with how it came together. Hope you enjoy and I hope I didn't pull Spock too much out of character while I tried to weave romantic moments between him and Kat throughout this chapter. Enjoy! I own nothing but my OCs.) ... "Sir! The central power grid is failing!" Sulu reported as he wrestled futiley with the controls of the ship. Spock fought to maintain his composure. "Switch to auxilary power." "Auxilary power failing Sir." An female member of the crew responded almost immediately. Hearing this, Spock felt his resolve fall slightly, but he recentered himself thinking of his wife and others who were counting on him and the main crew to bring the ship to a safe landing. Suddenly the ship tipped over towards the right leaving the crew balancing precariously on one side as the earth's gravity pulled them towards the planet's atmosphere. "The Enterprise is caught in the earth's gravity. We're losing control!" Sulu reported, worry lines creasing his forehead as he stared uselessly at the controls. "Can we stop?" Spock asked, uncharacteristically desperately for him. Sulu turned from the panel, his expression grim. "I can't do a thing Sir." Spock frowned and tried to think quickly of his remaining options when the horrifying sounds of heavy metallic panels being ripped apart and doomed crew members screaming to their deaths shot through the ship's interior. The sounds reminded him of the screams emitted by Kat whilst she was being battered by Khan a few minutes earlier and for a fleeting moment he winced feeling his chest constrict with the intense emotions he felt himself struggling to suppress. The thought of her dying after all this...of all of them dying and leaving their baby son orphaned before the passing of his first year of life was too much for Spock and a completely unacceptable fate that he refused to even acknowledge. After considering for a moment longer, Spock turned towards where Uhura stood manning the communication station next to a humanoid man with glowing blue eyes. "Lieutenant Uhura! Officer 0718! Send the evacuation order on all decks!" He ordered, making eye contact with Uhura who nodded. "Yes Captain." "Aye Captain." The partial cybernetic officer echoed, turning immediately to hit the appropriate switches on his monitor. After watching them briefly to make sure they did as they were ordered, Spock turned back to face the rest of the crew his expression stiff and unreadable. "As Acting Captain I order you all to abandon this ship." He glanced down to where a button seemingly glowed up at him and hit it, activating the emergency restraints. "Mr. Sulu, Lieutenant Uhura I place you both in charge of making sure that my wife is safely evacuated in my stead. I will remain behind and divert all power to life support and evacuation shuttle bays." He looked from the young Lieutenant to his Chief Helmsman as if willing them to comply through force of mind. Instead of answering right away to the order they were given, Sulu and Uhura exchanged glances then stared back at their Acting Captain, a flash of defiance and resolve glinting in both their expressions. At their example the rest of the crew turned to face Spock with similar expressions, none of them making any move to speak or leave their seats. Taking in their unspoken resolve Spock straightened in his chair. "I order you all to abandon this ship!" "All due respect Sir, but we're not going anywhere. Kat would never leave without you and nor will we." Sulu spoke up turning back around to activate his own restraints before Spock could protest further. Uhura nodded and hit the button that would release her own restraints while the rest of the bridge crew followed suit. Spock watched them silently, knowing there was no way he would be able to change their minds and that Sulu was right. If there was one thing about his wife that he most admired and which could not be denied, it was her undying loyalty to him and everyone else she held most dear. As he quickly sifted through his remaining options the ship lurched sharply downwards, throwing everyone forward. Instinctively, Spock gripped the arms of his chair. "Anti-Gravity systems are failing! Hold on!" He snapped as his restraints dug a bit painfully against the sides of his neck. Finally after what seemed like an eternity the ship reached a somewhat level position and a deep exhale moved through the bridge. Taking only a minute to collect himself, Spock reached to COMM the Medical Bay. "Acting Captain Spock to Medical Bay, Katarina can you hear me?" He asked, keeping his voice level and official though the situation was ripping at the control he was fighting to keep over his increasingly overwhelming emotions. "Yes!...I'm here." Her voice floated through the speaker, sending a beam of warmth piercing through his inner turmoil. "As you have probably been made aware, the ship's power system is failing and we are falling towards the earth's atmosphere with no way to protect the ship from being disintegrated upon impact...Considering the damage reports it is likely power will not last long enough to save all of what's left of the crew." Spock spoke to her, trying to keep his tone normal. There was a moment of silence only filled by the crackling of the ship's damaged speaker system then Spock heard a noise resembling a heavy sigh. "So...what are you going to do?" She asked slowly, her voice tight with emotion yet colored with alertness. Spock glanced around at his crew. "The bridge crew and I are attempting to keep the ship running on what energy it has left long enough for the rest of the crew to evacuate on the escape shuttles...Kat-." "Spock!" "I know I cannot convince you to leave me behind though it is logical for you to do so for the sake of our son." Spock interrupted Kat before she could protest to him. "So instead I ask that you meet me at the evacuation bay in no more than five minutes past this point." He looked up, meeting Sulu's gaze with no betrayal of his inner emotions. The other man nodded sadly at him return understanding what his commanding officer was about to do. "I will be there to join you...regardless of what may occur." He promised, looking ahead at the bleakness of space as the ship hurtled closer and closer to towards the earth. A sniffling noise crackled softly through the speakers and Spock looked back down at his COMM controls. "Okay, I will be there too...Thank you Spock." Kat responded, her voice coming out soft and wobbly, indicating that she was weeping. "You are welcome. Do not be afraid, my Thy'la. I will find you." Spock responded. There was another pause and the ship jolted violently again. "I love you." Kat's response crackled as the communication line nearly disconnected. Spock bowed his head just as a tiny nearly invisible smile appeared on his face. "And I you." He murmured, lifting his gaze just in time to hear the automated evacuation warning sound throughout the ship. "Dr. McCoy please begin evacuating all patients starting with the most critical from the Med Bay immediately. Spock out!" Responsively he disconnected the transmission to the Med Bay without waiting to hear the CMO's response and straightened his posture. "Sir? You made the right decision." Sulu spoke up as the rest of the crew subtly nodded their agreement without taking their attention away from their work. "We'll do what we can from here to make sure life support holds until you and Kat and the rest of the crew have successfully evacuated the ship. Go now." He ordered, forgetting for a moment that Spock outranked him. Instead of reprimanding the young helmsman however, Spock quickly retracted the restraints on his chair and stood to leave the bridge. "Mr. Sulu, you have the COMM." He responded, nearly jumping to get into the turbo lift as the ship swerved again to the left. As sparks fizzed around him, Spock lunged out with one arm and hit the button that would send him towards the shuttle bay level. He only hoped that Sulu and the rest of the crew would be able to keep the ship going as long as it was needed and that Kat would be successful in meeting him on time. There wasn't a milli-second to spare. ... "Patient ready for transport! Vitals holding steady." The nurse spoke levelly as she and a male medical associate began to shift a strapped down Carole across the Med Bay towards the doors where a group of other patients were already being moved. Carole gasped as the abrupt movements of the biobed jolted her still painful leg. "Nurse! Keep her as still as possible! Kat, take these with you." Bones snipped, holding out a small bottle of pills to the young woman who despite having sustained cracked ribs in addition to severely fractured fingers was already making her way out of the med bay on her own via the acting captain's orders. Kat turned and gave Bones a look that he knew too well having had to look after the physical well being of both Kirk siblings since they became a part of the Enterprise's main crew. "I know you hate medicine, but they'll help with the pain if you have flare ups which I'm sure you will." Bones shoved the medicine into Kat's good hand. "Make sure you keep as much pressure off of your left side as possible." He ordered. Kat nodded and squeezed the bottle protectively in her hand. "I'll try. Thank you Bones." She came forward to hug the doctor a bit awkwardly as the rest of the medical crew continued to rush around strapping in the other patients before taking them to be evacuated. Bones grunted with some discomfort at the gesture. "Yeah yeah, you're welcome. Now hurry up and go before we run out of time." He snapped, pulling away and turning to help the other nurses and interns get the rest of the patients set. Chuckling a bit, Kat turned to leave the med bay as fast as her injuries would allow her, stopping only when she caught Jim's eye near the door. "Jim-." She started worriedly, but he didn't let her continue. "Kat. Go. I'll make sure the rest of the crew gets out and see you back on earth." Jim promised. Slowly Kat nodded her head at him. "You'd better." She said warningly before hobbling through the doors. Jim chuckled and rolled his eyes. "Jim, there's no way the ship will hold long enough for everyone to evacuate if we don't get more power circulating from the core!" Scotty protested just before the doors of the Med Bay hissed shut behind Kat. Frowning a bit at the implication behind the Chief Engineer's words, Kat tried to move a little faster towards the turbo lift that would take her down to the Evacuation Bay despite the pain that caused her. Hopefully Spock would be there to meet her as he promised at the shuttles and hopefully Scotty was wrong about the ship not having enough power. We'll all get out. We have to! Kat insisted to herself stubbornly as she stumbled towards the turbo lift at the end of the catwalk. She refused to think of what would happen if they failed. ... "Spock to Bridge! What is the current status of the ship?" Spock radioed in back to the bridge as he waited impatiently in the turbo lift. As Sulu responded and brought him up to date on all the remaining crew was doing to keep the ship running at bare minimum as well as the number of people who have successfully managed to evacuate. The lift suddenly jolted to a stop in the middle of Sulu's report and Spock braced himself as the doors slid open. Spock was a bit startled when he looked through the doors and saw Kat leaning against the side of the lift and breathing audibly as if she were trying to catch her breath, but it was uncomfortable to do so. "Kat! Are you all right?" He reached to pull her into the lift and Kat nodded as she stumbled into him. "Yeah. I think I just pushed myself too hard." She chuckled through a wince as each breath she took caused pain in her injured side. Spock steadied her and reached to close the turbo lift. "Your injuries are more serious than you implied." He frowned surveying his wife with concerned eyes as he sent the lift continuing on its path to the shuttle bay level. Kat shrugged one shoulder. "Not that much more serious. Bones said I'm lucky I didn't end up with a fractured rib after what Khan did considering how badly Carole's leg was broken. Although he did insist I take these with me." She held up her pain medication for Spock to see before tucking back into her belt pack. Spock gaze hardened. "Khan will pay dearly for what he has inflicted on you." The words came out as a deadly threat. Kat put her good hand over his mouth. "Later. Let's focus on getting out of here back to our boy first." Kat attempted to smile through her pain. Spock nodded and wrapped his arm carefully around her waist to give her support. "Agreed. Lean close to me until we get to the shuttle. There is no predicting what will happen whilst we are still on the ship though I will do my best to prevent anymore worsening of your injuries." He promised. Kat started to nod gratefully to him when the lift jolted unexpectedly to a stop throwing them both off balance for a second. Spock whipped his head around towards the controls. "The power supply is failing quickly." He surmised grimly. "Are we stuck?" Kat asked with dread settling to the pit of her stomach. Spock furrowed his brow and lowered Kat gently to a sitting position on the floor before picking up his portable COMM. "This is Commander Spock to the Bridge. Do we have enough power to regulate to lift 2C10?" He asked briskly. Kat felt the muscles of her stomach tighten at Spock's question. The Enterprise didn't have any spare energy at all. To re-regulate any of it from life support to their lift would mean risking the lives of those still trying to leave the ship. It surprised Kat that her husband was even considering this, since surely Spock knew it would be illogical and against the code of command to put his own life ahead of that of the crew. But then Kat realized, he wasn't acting just for himself in this moment and for a brief second a sense of joy and affection warmed her heart before it turned back into ice. She knew she couldn't allow Spock to endanger the rest of the crew even for their noble cause. Grimacing at the pain, Kat tried to pull herself back to her feet, meaning to intercede and tell Spock not to order any of the ship's remaining power to their lift when the elevator suddenly sprang back to life and continued it's descent as if nothing had happened. "Disregard inquiry. Repeat disregard inquiry." Spock quickly spoke up then disconnected his COMM. Kat let out a breath she hadn't realized she had been holding up till then. "Maybe we're going to make it there after all." She said hopefully and Spock nodded though his expression was mostly unreadable again. "I sincerely hope so." He came and sat down next to her placing his arm around her lower back again as the lift plummeted closer to their destination. "More for your sake than for mine." Kat leaned her head against Spock's shoulder, pressing a quick kiss to the joint between his neck and shoulder. "Spock, I've made a decision." She said quietly as the ship tipped to the right again. Spock looked down to meet her gaze. "What sort of decision?" "I've decided...that I can't be separated from Grey anymore like this. I want to watch him grow up and tell him everyday that I love him...My Mother was always traveling off planet after Dad died, and I don't want that to be our son's life...even if it means I have to turn down more missions than I would like." Kat spoke with soft determination, inclining her head upwards a bit as she thought about her little baby son who she hadn't seen since she left him in the care of her Father-in-law on New Vulcan. She'd been missing Grey ever since she left him to join Jim on the mission to Kronos and now she couldn't wait to see him again, to hold him in her arms and kiss his soft little cheeks and pointed ears. "That I think is wise." Spock approved softly, his eyes warming as he gazed upon his wife then leaned his head against the top of hers. "I too wish to spend as much time as I am able with our son. Perhaps in light of our special situation, the Captain would allow for special accomodations to be made occasionally so that Greysam will be able to accompany us on the missions which pose the least amount of risk to his wellbeing." He suggested, thinking of Greysam and how Ambassador Spock had held him with such special care earlier. "It could prove to be a complimentary educational experience for him as he grows...Given of course that the Enterprise is rebuilt after these events and we all survive this current ordeal." Spock added. Kat choked a laugh and wrapped her good arm around his waist. "Well I'm sure Jim would be open to that idea. Given he also survives this...ordeal." She coughed out another laugh causing Spock to eye her a little worriedly. "He said he would leave the ship only after everyone else is evacuated." Kat murmured, worry tugging at her own conscience as the lift descended deeper and deeper through the ship. "If that is what the Captain said, I am sure that is what he will do." Spock responded easily. Kat started to retort, knowing her brother too well and wanting to express her worry that he might try to do something stupid again just to make sure no more of the crew was lost, but at that moment the lift came to a halt again and this time all the lights went out. Kat and Spock froze and stared around at the darkness around them as the soft whine of the lift powering down echoed through the little chamber. The lift was stopped again and this time they were almost definitely trapped, with no way of reaching the evacuation shuttles in time. It's over...Kat realized with dread. We failed. ... "Oh no! No! No!" Scotty cried, reading the information on the engineering monitors with horror as Jim skidded to a stop next to him. "What is it?" "It's the housings Sir! They're misaligned, which means there's no way we can redirect the power! The ship's dead Sir!" Scott turned to gaze at the Captain with a sorrowful defeated look in his eyes. "She's gone!" Jim felt his blood running cold as the words sunk in and the automated alarm systems continued to blare throughout the ship's speakers. The ship was dead. They couldn't redirect the power because the core was misaligned. That meant that anyone who was still trying to evacuate including his sister and Spock... No! Jim shook his head, unwilling to finish that thought as he looked back at the readouts on the Engineering board, trying to see if he could find out what the exact problem was despite his lack of expert knowledge in starship engineering. Then he saw it. It was the third prong in the main core housing that was jarred out of place causing the power shortage that was dooming the ship. If something could be used to push that prong back into place, Scotty could repower the ship saving everyone left on board and preventing further damage to the ship's hull. "Ambassador Kirk to Captain Kirk, Jim can you read me?" Kat's voice crackled from his portable COMM. Jim fumbled for his COMM and pressed to his ear. "Yeah, I read you Kat. Are you and Spock safely on board an evacuation shuttle?" He asked, his heart pounding as he fought to catch his breath. For a moment there was no answer. "Negative. We were on route via turbo lift when the power failed...Spock is trying to get the lift working again, but I'm afraid we're trapped." The signal from Kat's COMM flickered on and off, but Jim felt his blood run cold. "Jim, you have to get to an evacuation shuttle now...Go back to New Vulcan and get Greysam. You're all he has left now. Tell him that Mommy and Daddy love him." Kat pleaded, her distress clear even through the broken communication lines. Jim shook his head defiantly. "Sorry Kat, I can't do that." He said in a low voice. There was a pause. "Why not?" Kat asked. "Because you guys are going to. Stand by. We'll get you two out. Captain Kirk out." He responded quickly, cutting off the line before Kat could argue. "Captain?" Scotty inquired when Jim failed to illicit a response to him. Jim shook his head as he looked at the engineering readouts again. There was no way to access the housing of the warp core from here even in the Engineering level. The only way was to enter the chamber itself, find the core and... Jim returned his gaze to Scotty as images of his little baby nephew lying alone in a cradle flashed through his mind. There was no way another Kirk was going to be left parent-less due to a starfleet mission. Not on his watch. "No, she's not gone yet." He spoke determinedly, taking no more time to think about what he was about to do, lest he change his mind. "Wait Jim!" Scotty tore after his Captain the second he turned to make for the small corridor. "If you're thinking what I think you're thinking-!" "We have to get the core realigned!" Jim cut him off sliding to a stop in front of a medium sized glass door that separated the rest of the ship from the warp core chamber. Scott tried to stop him. "Captain! Stop! If we go into that chamber, we'll die! Do you hear me? The radiation will kill us before we get halfway back to the door!" Jim pushed away his hand and imputted in the passcode to open the core chamber. "Jim what the h*** are you doing?" Scotty shrieked as he tried again to stop Jim from opening the door. "I'm going in to realign the core!" He tried to sound firm, but his voice shook a little as he knew that Scotty was right. It was likely he would not survive this, but if it meant saving his crew especially his sister and her husband then he would not hesitate. "What? Jim did you not hear a single word I said? Our bodies will be completely radiated! We'll probably be dead before we make the climb!" Scotty protested. Jim shook his head. "You're not making the climb." He muttered, turning and knocking Scotty out with a swift blow to his head before the Chief Engineer could try to argue some more. Rushing to secure Scotty to a seat, Jim opened the door and ran into the chamber shutting it securely behind him to prevent radiating the whole ship. The Enterprise only had seconds left before it would hit the earth's atmosphere and begin to disintegrate, but those few seconds would have to be long enough. The fate of everyone still left on board as well as that of an innocent baby boy rested upon the Captain and those last remaining seconds. ... "Jim!...Darn it Jim! Jim come in!" Kat tried futiley to reconnect with her brother, but when all she got was a static crackle, she finally gave up. "Spock to Bridge Crew! Do you read me?...Enterprise! Please copy!" Spock tried again, an unusual desperation filling his tone as he futiley tried to connect to the ship's central COMMs. Kat shook her head. "It's no use. Everything's gone. The ship's a floating hunk of space junk." Kat muttered, bitter tears threatening to spill as she sat trapped in the dark capsule of the turbo lift they were locked in. And we're never seeing our boy again... Spock closed his COMM with a click. "Not if Mr. Sulu switches to the emergency back up power supply. The chances of it holding for long are low, but there may be enough to repower the ship for a little while longer." He opened his portable communicator again and tried to reconnect with the crew. A sob escaped from Katarina's throat then and Spock paused in his efforts, returning his attention to where she sat cradling her borrowed COMM in her hand as if it were something much more delicate or precious. "Katarina?" He knelt back down on the floor of the lift in front of his wife, a feeling of deep concern coming over him as he watched the tears beginning to brim over her eyes. "What is it? Is your pain increasing? Where is the medicine Dr. McCoy gave to you?" He started to search for the pills, but Kat stopped him with a hand over his. "I don't need them." She murmured. Spock shook his head. "Now is not the time for giving up. If we can force the lift open from inside we may still be able to escape in time to an available evacuation shuttle." He pulled his hand away, quickly located the bottle of pills and shook one out into his palm. Kat snorted a laugh despite her discomfort. "Since when are you so illogically optimistic? Without power, there's no way we'd be able to get out of here." She said, hating herself for saying the words even if they were true. Spock glanced at her before holding up a pill to her in the palm of his hand. "There is nothing illogical about surveying your surroundings and considering all the remaining options for escape. Here." He held the capsule up close to her lips, using his other hand to support her head. Kat sighed and obediently took the pill though swallowing it without liquid was difficult as well as uncomfortable. Spock stayed by her side, waiting patiently until Kat finally looked back up at him. "So?" She asked with soft expectancy. Spock raised his eyebrows inquiringly. "What's your idea? How are we getting out of here without power?" Kat inquired. "Ah." Spock turned and looked quickly around the tiny space of the turbo lift until his eyes rested once again on the door. Or rather, the tiny miniscule space between the door and the rest of the wall. There wasn't anything inside the lift that they could use to break the door, but when Spock's hand brushed against his weapon's holster, an idea formed in his mind. "Do you still have your phaser?" He asked turning to face his wife once more. Kat looked down to search her utility belt, her heart sinking when her hand touched her empty weapon holster. "No, I lost it on the Vengence." She frowned and looked back at her husband regretfully. Spock's shoulders dropped slightly, but he held on to his resolve. "Just as well. You are injured so I shall do this on my own." He stood, pulled his own phaser from his belt, locked it on kill and turned towards the door. "If I can cause enough direct damage to where the door is attached to the rest of the turbo lift," Spock explained as he took careful aim. "The door should break loose and we will be able to climb out to safety." He turned to glance back at his wife as if for confirmation of her approval. Kat smiled back at him. "So crazy it might work. Let's do it." She tried to get back on her feet, but Spock held out his arm to stop her. "You must rest. Save your strength for later." He pleaded, turning to glance at her with concern. Kat opened her mouth as if to argue, but then a loose wire near her spit sparks and both she and Spock flinched. "Hold on!" Spock ordered and took his first shot at the door. The laser bolt connected with the siding causing more sparks to spray towards them. Spock and Kat ducked down on the floor instinctively to avoid serious injury ending up almost on top of each other as a couple of the sparks stung against their faces. Kat caught her breath and looked up to meet her husband's eyes. Suddenly she laughed and Spock raised one eyebrow at her in response. "As much as I usually enjoy the sound of your laughter Kat, I fail to see anything humorous about our current situation." He spoke, a bit confused. Kat stopped laughing. "I'm sorry, it's just this feels more like something Jim would do if he were in this situation. I think being married to me has had a marked influence over your senses Love." She smirked, lovingly stroking Spock's cheek as they sat up from the floor. "Spoken by you, I will accept the remark as a compliment." Spock retorted, a slight smile briefly lighting his face before he got up to continue his attack on the turbo lift door. Kat stood up next to him, keeping her injured hand close to her body while also being careful to lean away from her injured ribs. "Go for that side again." She pointed to where a part of the door was visibly damaged from Spock's first shot. "Chances are if we can completely unhinge one side, we'll be able to force the door open easily and get out of here." Spock nodded his head at her approvingly. "Your logic is sound My Thy'la." He complimented, raising his phaser and starting to reset it. "Thank you." Kat responded, standing just behind Spock as he prepared to take another shot at the door. Suddenly the lift sprang back to life, jolting further downwards and throwing the both of them back onto the floor again as the low hum of power moving through the ship filled the little capsule. "Impossible." Spock gaped as the lights flickered back on and the little monitor on the lift indicated that they were again descending towards the evacuation bay level of the ship. "Ow!...That didn't feel good." Kat groaned as the impact had caused a rush of pain to spasm from her injured ribs. "Are you all right?" Spock asked, his eyes marked with deep concern as he looked at her. Kat managed a half smile. "I'll be fine." She gasped as the lift came to a gentle halt. This time the door opened into a bright corridor and Spock and Kat stepped carefully out together still hardly daring to believe what had happened as they looked around at the mangled bits of metal poles and plates strewn around them. "It's a miracle." Kat mused, smiling as she leaned on Spock for support. Spock shook his head in disagreement. "There are no such things." He murmured mostly to himself. Before Kat could respond to this, there was an incoming signal from Spock's COMM and almost immediately he answered it, the confusion still marking his expression. "Hello? Engineering to Spock! Commander Spock do you read me?" Scotty's anxious voice sharply blared through the reciever. Spock's confusion turned to concern. "Mr. Scott? What is the current situation?" He asked calmly. Kat leaned over to listen in. "The power has been successfully reregulated from the Warp Core. We should have no further trouble entering through the earth's atmosphere." Scott responded readily though something in his tone told Spock and his wife that something serious was still amiss. "Very good Mr. Scott. Please alert the bridge crew and inform the Captain that Katarina and I have nearly reached the evacuation point." Spock started to disconnect the line when Scotty quickly cut in. "Sir, about the Captain!...You and Kat need to come down to Engineering right now as a matter of urgency. Better hurry." Scotty urged before the line disconnected, leaving Spock and Kat to stare at each other for a moment at the ominous nature of Scott's words. Then Kat broke away from Spock forgetting her pain and before he could stop her, she dashed towards the ramp that would lead to the Engineering deck. "Kat!" Spock ran after her. ... "Jim!" Kat called out as she skidded to a stop in the middle of the engineering bay. She tried to take a breath and coughed when the movement caused a strong pain to sear through her injured ribs. "Kat, slow down! Under no circumstances are you in any condition to exert yourself!" Spock spoke in a half reprimanding more concerned way as he came to a stop beside her. Kat took a moment to compose herself then straightened herself as best she could even though Spock was adamant on her leaning on him for support. "Sorry...Just had a feeling...Jim..." She breathed again painfully, looking at her husband sheepishly despite how much it hurt. Spock just gave her a worried yet understanding look. "I understand and share your feelings, but I am more concerned that you will worsen your injuries with your over exertions." He replied softly as Kat continued to breathe audibly. "Over here." Scotty called over to them, his expression grave and upset as he waved the couple over to a small glass door a few feet further in the engineering bay. Kat felt her heart drop to her feet. She'd only been in Engineering a couple of times, but she was familiar enough with the Enterprise to know where that door led. He didn't!...Kat and Spock hurried over to where the Chief Engineer stood as quickly as they could manage and looked over his shoulder through the door where the words Danger: Authorized Personnel Onlywere printed in translucent letters directly under a Radiation warning symbol. A cold shiver moved through Spock's body as Kat sank to the floor and peered through the glass at the young man who lay struggling to breathe and stay upright as his body burned in the tiny chamber. "Open it!" Spock immediately ordered, but Scotty made no move to reach for the door controls. "The decontamination process is not yet complete, you'll flood the whole compartment. The door's locked Sir." He responded distressed. "He's right..." Jim coughed as the radiation continued to burn through his skin. Kat shook her head and pressed her hand against the glass as if to reach through and save her brother from the toxicity around him. "No Jim, there's got to be a way to get you out of there. You didn't let Spock die on Nibiru and there's no way we're letting you die now." Kat argued, but Jim didn't even seem to hear her. As Spock and Kat watched helplessly from the other side of the door, Jim gasped and reached futiley through the air for a moment. Finally his hand found the switch over his head and he pulled on it releasing the door that led down to the Warp Core Generator. As the door hissed shut the Captain fell limp against the wall behind him, moving only the barest amount until he was looking back up at his First Officer and his sister. "How...how's our ship?" He asked, barely getting the words out as the radiation poisoning made it increasingly difficult to breathe. Spock nodded his head. "Out of danger, Captain." He responded steadily. Jim seemed to slump over. "Good..." "You saved the crew." Spock said, a warmth to his voice. "And you..." Jim breathed as he looked from Spock to Kat. "Now you guys can...get back to earth...and raise that precious baby boy up into the future Starfleet Captain he's meant to be." He coughed and Kat leaned closer on the glass. "...Told I'd get you guys out." "Jim stop, you're going to wear yourself out." She worried. Jim just laughed. "I'm going to wear out in here eventually Kat...I'm just glad I get to see you guys again...before the end." His laughter was broken off by a terrible coughing fit and Kat flinched. Spock wrapped an arm around her as she leaned back against him. "Captain?" "I'm fine!" Jim cut him off, struggling to regain control of himself. Finally he seemed to calm and he refocused his attention on Spock and Kat. "Spock...I wanted to tell you...that was genius what you did with the torpedoes on Khan's ship...using what he wanted against him?" He wheezed. "It was nice move." Spock's chin quivered the barest amount, then he nodded his head. "It is...what you would have done, Captain." He responded, his expression turning more grave and helpless as he watched his friend's complexion turn more sickly by the second. Jim turned his head the barest amount to look behind him again. His eyes shut briefly. "And this..." He turned back around towards Spock again. "...this is what you would have done. It was only logical." He muttered, trying to grin and failing miserably. As tears stung his eyes, Jim gasped for air and grimaced as the radiation poisoning started to constrict his respiratory passages. "I'm...I'm scared you guys." Jim choked as a tear trickled down his swollen face. Kat started when Spock suddenly tightened his grip on her waist. "Help me out Spock..." Jim pleaded, the fear and pain evident in his expression now as he lay against the thick sheet of glass that separated him from his family. "How do you choose not to feel?" Kat looked up at her husband at this and her heart stopped for a moment when she saw that he was weeping. "I do not know." Somehow Spock's voice did not waver much as he spoke. "Right now I am failing." Kat grasped the hand he held at the unhurt side of her waist and squeezed it, gazing mournfully back at her brother as his life dwindled before them. "Darn you Jim..." She hissed as tears of her own dripped down her cheeks. "Dad told me that I was supposed to take care of you...what's he going to say when he finds out what I let you do?" She blubbed as Jim wheezed in response. "I know...this wasn't how it was supposed to be...I didn't even make it as long as he did." He coughed. Now it was Spock's turn to lean closer. "You have done honorably." He spoke reassuringly. "Your Father would be proud to have such a son." Kat nodded her head in agreement. "I agree. Thank you Jim." She straightened her posture for a moment and wiped her eyes with her wrist. "Thank you for saving us...and giving Grey a chance to have the life we couldn't have." She said sincerely, despite the bitter feelings that mixed with her gratitude towards her brother. Spock nodded his agreement with her. "Your sacrifice shall not be forgotten, Captain." Jim nodded back, his breaths coming slower as he fought against time. "Yeah that's great and all...but there's something you guys have to know...before I go." Jim choked and struggled to keep himself upright. Kat shook her head. "Jim, it's okay..." "No! I...I need to say this." Jim cut her off, looking directly at Spock as he spoke. "Spock do you remember...do you remember the conversation we had...just before the meeting at the Bay Conference Tower?" He asked. After a moment, Spock nodded his head. "Yes Captain." "Then I need you to know now...I need you to know why I risked censure from Starfleet to save you on Nibiru." He rasped, grabbing at the glass with one hand. "Why...I went back for you even though it went against the code...It wasn't just because of Kat..." Spock bit his lip. "You did so because you are my friend...and my brother." He answered steadily, glancing down at Kat momentarily. She smiled a sad watery smile back at him. Jim smiled too satisfied and with some considerable effort, placed his hand palm side down against the glass where Spock's fingers were already resting. Noticing the Captain's gesture, Spock laid his own hand flat against the glass, shifting his fingers until they formed the Vulcan peace sign. Kat moved her good hand to the top of Spock's making the same the sign while Jim slowly tried to match their position. "Take care of each other...all right? You're going to need each other a lot these next few days. Keep each other strong...and happy. Okay?" He fixed both Spock and Kat with a firm expression. "That's an order." A tear streamed down Kat's left cheek. "Yes Sir." She responded brokenly. "You have our word." Spock added, giving Kat another squeeze, this time more intentionally and gently than before. Finally Jim seemed to relax. "Good." His hand began to slip from the glass and his eyes glazed over. With a final wheeze, the young Captain of the U.S.S. Enterprise breathed his last and slumped lifelessly to the floor, his fingers making a sharp squelching sound as they dropped to their final awkward resting place. A soft yet painful guttural gasp escaped from Kat's mouth then and she quickly clamped her hand over her mouth to muffle the coming sobs as she turned away into Spock's arms. Spock sat as if frozen for a minute, staring at Jim's body unblinkingly until a loud cry erupted from the woman in his arms and he looked down. Trembling, he held Kat closer against him as she wept and took a deep breath though it did little to help him overcome the deep well of emotions that were threatening to overtake him at this loss. Jim was gone. He died honorably as a true hero, but he was gone nonetheless. The Enterprise was without its Captain and they, Spock and Kat were left without a dear friend and brother. Spock felt the pain and grief hit him as acutely as it did the day Vulcan was destroyed taking his Mother's life with it. Then just as suddenly as it hit him, his emotions changed from grief into an all consuming anger. Even as Spock sat there holding his wife and trying to comfort her and regain control over himself, his rage continued to grow until it burst from him in the most un-vulcan way in the form of one solitary word. "KHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAN!" ...
(Last Chapter for the Into Darkness arc. I hope you guys enjoy it and stay tuned since I am considering continuing with the Star Trek Beyond storyline. I own nothing but my OCs.) ... "Whoa! That was too close!" Sulu exclaimed, his heart thudding in his chest as the Enterprise nearly missed getting sidechecked by the quickly plummeting Vengeance. "Oh my God!" A woman sitting behind Sulu gasped as the U.S.S. Vengeance crash landed on earth with a tremendous explosion. Sulu bit his lip and pulled up more on his controls. So focused was he on not following the Vengence's trajectory that he didn't hear the turbo lift until the doors opened and two pairs of footsteps furiously stamped into the bridge. "Scan the ship for signs of life!" Spock ordered, more like snapped as he dashed to the front of the bridge, Kat close at his side. Sulu looked up from his controls. "Sir! There's no way anyone survived a crash like that!" He protested until he saw the fierce and slightly murderous look in his Commander's eyes contrasting with the grief-stricken one in Kat's. "He could!" Spock insisted, his voice cracking with the emotions he no longer seemed to have any sense of control over. Swallowing hard, Sulu slowly nodded his head knowing better than to continue arguing. "Yes Sir..." He bent back over his control pad and hit a combination. Within seconds a blinking red indicator came up on the main monitor symbolizing where Khan was in relation to the vessel he had comandeered and wrecked on the planet's surface. "Oh sweet Mother and Child!" Kat gasped as she looked at the readout and saw that the Vengeance had landed sideways on the ground with heavy clouds of smoke pouring from every opening. Suddenly a dark figure in a long torn coat appeared from one of the windows. At first he seemed to be struggling to escape the vessel, then suddenly he was on his feet and Kat felt Spock tense next to her when they recognized who he was. "There he is!" Sulu chimed in as if voicing everyone's thoughts. "Lock in on his signal and prepare to beam him up to the ship!" Spock ordered. The crew started to comply when Khan suddenly leaped from the window, sliding at a perilous speed down to the ground below. "Whoa!..He just jumped 30 meters!" Sulu exclaimed as the monitor began to beep like crazy. Doesn't mean a thing to him. Kat bit her lip as she stared at the quickly descending indicator on the screen that marked out Khan's location. "Can we beam him up?!" Spock snapped, his dark eyes flashing with frustration as he stared at the monitor with her. Chekov shook his head. "There's too much damage! I have no incoming signal!..But it may be possible to beam you down Sir!" He proposed, carefully studying his readouts even as panic flowed around him. Kat turned just as Spock met her gaze. A moment of unspoken confidence between them as if he were waiting for her permission before giving his response. Kat took a shaky breath, thoughts of Jim, Carole, Admiral Pike and all the suffering that Khan had caused to them rushing through her mind like a flood as she stared back at her husband's intense gaze. There was only one right thing to do at this moment and she knew Spock knew it as well she did even before she gave him her answer. "Make him pay." Spock nodded back at her and turned swiftly to leave the bridge, his right hand going to grab the phaser on his belt. "Enter 3517 by 2598!" Chekov sent the order to the transport engineers as Spock made a mad dash for the transport chamber. Kat took a deep breath and crossed her arms in an attempt to keep herself together as she kept her eyes trained on Khan's signal. "All right stand by!" Chekov piped in as Kat watched Khan's signal move farther and farther away from the site of the wreckage. A few minutes later, Spock's frequency reading appeared a few feet away from Khan's and Kat exhaled as she watched his signal take pursuit towards Khan's. "He is in pursuit!" A cadet standing to the far left of Kat announced as if the others weren't aware. "He's moving fast." Sulu added, brow furrowing slightly as he kept the Enterprise on course towards the Starfleet base. "Khan's objective is to destroy Starfleet and the quickest way there from the crash site is down that road." Kat spoke up nodding at the readout in front of her. "The quicker Spock takes him down, the better." Sulu slowly nodded his head. "Well let's hope he has what it takes." He said with some reservation. Kat started to respond when a communication alert came on the main bridge intercom. "Med Bay to Ambassador Kirk! We successfully removed the Captain from the radiation chamber. Do you wish to be present for the autopsy?" The voice of a female nurse crackled through the damaged speakers. Kat felt nearly all eyes move towards her as her heart twinged at the mention of her brother. "I will be there." She muttered, still not taking her eyes off of Spock's life frequency monitor. "Very good Ambassador." The line clicked off and Kat released the breath she hadn't realized before that she was holding. "Looks like he's engaged Khan." Uhura spoke up from her spot at the Communications Panel. Kat nodded as she noted the quickly fluctuating postions of both Spock and Khan's indicators on the main monitor. Come on Love. You got this. She chanted to herself. End this now. "Whoa! They just jumped across an air taxi!" Sulu exclaimed as the readings on the screen spiked briefly for a moment. "Something's wrong. He's struggling more than was anticipated." The lieutenant sitting on Sulu's left worried as he looked over the readout on the screen. Kat shook her head. "Khan took on four of us back on the Vengence with little difficulty. Even in his current condition, he's more than a match for Spock." She argued, biting her lip and hoping with all her might that despite what she said, Spock would be able to apprehend their foe soon. Remembering the look of pure aggression and vengence she had seen in her husband's eyes just before he had raced to the beaming platform, Kat was reminded of the way Spock had looked when he attacked Jim on the bridge of the Enterprise over a year ago shortly following the destruction of Vulcan. If that moment was any indication of what Spock was capable of when pushed past the limits of his extreme self control, Kat knew that even with his superhuman capabilities Khan was most likely dealing with the fight of his life right now. "McCoy to Bridge! McCoy to Bridge! This is an emergency!" The familiar yet frantic voice of the ship's CMO rang over the intercom, causing everyone to look away temporarily from following Spock and Khan's movements. Kat looked up towards the main speakers with a confused frown on her face. "Bones, what's wrong?" She asked before anyone else could respond. "I can't reach Spock!" Bones's response crackled through not missing a beat. "I need Khan back alive! You tell him to get that son of a ***** back on board this ship right now!" He snapped, causing a cadet sitting in the navigation's area to flinch a bit. "Why?" Sulu asked calmly though he as confused as anyone else was. A brief moment of static answered him before Bones answered. "Because I think he might be able to save Kirk...if we hurry." "Khan's blood!" Kat realized, her eyes growing wide as she realized what Bones's plan was. It had saved her son once. Could it also save Jim...even now? "Mr. Chekov! Can we beam them up to the ship?" Sulu asked, his voice wavering only so slightly as he looked back at the life frequency reading on the monitor. Chekov shook his head. "Ah, they keep moving too much! I can't get a lock on either of them!" He said, frustrated as he wrestled with his controls. Kat chewed on her lower lip. "Then can you beam someone down to that location?" She asked, studying the markings on the screen as she spoke and not noticing the looks that Chekov and Sulu were giving her. "What? McCoy needs us to get people back on the ship not off of it." Sulu argued. "Besides you're injured!" Uhura put in. Kat shook her head. "Khan's not going to expect someone else to come at him at this point. If I can beam down there," She pointed to the screen. "at just the right spot, I can take him by surprise and together Spock and I can have Khan ready for re-transport back to the Enterprise in less than five minutes." She explained her plan. "All I need is one good shot." She flexed the fingers on her good hand. "Aye! That just might work!" Chekov responded almost excitedly. Sulu nodded and turned to face the young ensign. "Let's do it then. Acting Captain Sulu to transport! Stand by and set coordinates to point 3709 to 2600!" He ordered as Kat turned swiftly to leave the bridge. "Ambassador! Wait!" Uhura stood suddenly from the Communications' Panel and Kat paused mid step as her friend and former student reached into her holster for her phaser. "You'll need this." She put the phaser in Kat's good hand and gently closed her fist over the handle. Kat looked from the weapon back to her fellow crewmate and smiled gratefully at her. "Thank you Uhura." Quickly, she set the phaser to stun and jogged out the door, hoping with all her might that she'd get to Spock and Khan on time. This was their last chance to save the Captain. ... "Ahh!" Spock groaned as Khan pinned him roughly to the surface of the air taxi. They'd been struggling for what seemed like hours though in reality it was more likely that only a few minutes had passed since he had engaged Khan. His body bruised and muscles aching from being struck, thrown and slammed, Spock found himself grasping for the last reserves of his strength as Khan clamped his large white hands over either side of his head. Eyes widening as the pressure quickly mounted on his skull, Spock desperately tried to push back against Khan's energy, knowing he could be crushed in seconds when something caught his attention through his peripherals. A bright beam of white light shone on the surface of the air taxi just a few inches behind Khan taking the outline and shape of a slender person with human characteristics. As the light cleared, Spock recognized the person as she held a phaser in the locked and ready position at Khan's back with her other arm clenched protectively into her chest. His eyes widened in shock, but without hesitating Kat fired her first shot stunning Khan into releasing Spock. Turning, Khan saw Kat and started to advance on her his eyes blazing with rage when she fired another shot this time hitting him square in the chest. Khan faltered slightly, but did not stop his advance even as Kat fired another three shots at him. Taking advantage of the moment, Spock made his move and ripped an exhaust clamp from the side of the air taxi. Grabbing Khan by his left shoulder, he struck him across the head stunning him enough to wrestle him away from Kat just before he could attack her for the phaser. "Spock! No!" Kat suddenly cried out as Spock snapped Khan's arm over his shoulder. Barely hearing her, Spock swiftly flipped Khan onto his back and took a wild punch straight at his adversary's face. Again and again he struck him, giving him no time to react, willing Khan to feel every inch of the pain he inflicted on Jim, Admiral Pike and most of all on Kat. "Spock stop!" Kat's voice rang out again and Spock felt her hand brush against shoulder as he punched Khan again this time nailing him right above the right eye. "Spock!" Kat finally grabbed his arm, preventing him from landing another punch. "We need him alive! He's our only chance to save Jim!" She pleaded, looking straight into her husband's eyes as he looked back at her, both stunned and confused at her pleas. "Spock, please trust me!" Kat continued, her eyes moving back down to where Khan still lay stunned after Spock had viciously attacked him. Spock followed her gaze then he leaned over and grabbed Khan by the front of his shirt. Without hesitation he aimed a final punch just under Khan's jaw. "Hurry! We have moments left!" Spock spoke briskly, grabbing a now unconscious Khan by his good arm. Kat nodded, put her phaser away and bent to help support his weight with her good arm, grabbing her COMM to contact the bridge crew as she did so. "This is Ambassador Kirk to Enterprise. Beam us up!" ... "Good God!" Bones jumped out of his skin a little when the doors to the Med Bay whooshed open and Spock and Kat stumbled in dropping Khan limply to the floor in front of them. "Khan has been successfully apprehended. What is it you plan to do with a sample of his blood, Doctor?" Spock asked, his eagerness made plain to those around him. Bones sighed and moved towards where Spock and Kat stood grabbing an empty syringe and needle from the table next to him. "I'm going to make a serum with it and inject it into Kirk's bloodstream. If my theory is correct, the properties of Khan's blood should rejuvenate Jim's eradiated cells and hopefully restore the rest of his body functions." Bones explained, pushing up one of Khan's sleeves before plunging the needle into his arm. "It'll work. I know it will." Kat said more confidentally than could be expected considering the situation. Bones and Spock turned almost simultaneously to look at her. "How can you be so sure?" Spock asked, eyeing his wife through his peripherals. Kat took a deep breath. "Because...because I've seen it work. Once." Bones pulled the syringe from Khan's arm and quietly motioned for a couple of interns to quickly move him into the cryotube they had prepped in the lab. "When?" Spock asked, his attention never moving from Kat while Bones worked to quickly mix the medicine for Jim. Kat looked up, her gaze falling first briefly on Bones then to her husband. "Spock?..Bones? I think it's time I tell you the truth about...how Greysam got well." She started. ... "Captain we're losing shields!...Is he all right?...Your Father was Captain for twelve minutes...I dare you to do better..better..better..." "Ah, you're awake finally." Bones muttered half to himself as he walked over to check on his patient. Jim blinked as his vision cleared and he saw the clean white uniform his friend was wearing as he picked up a small hand held scanner and placed it by his right temple. "Wha?..." Jim groggily tried to sit up in the bed he was laying in until he realized that he was not in a biobed on the Enterprise. "Ah ah! Not so soon you idiot. Your body's still trying to recuperate. Stay still. I'm just going to get your vitals." Bones reprimanded, keying something into a PADD as he continued running his scanner. Jim furrowed his brows in confusion as soft murmuring voices spoke barely audibly from some corner of the room he was in. "Rucuperate? What do you...?...I mean aren't I-?" Jim asked just as a noise that sounded like a baby fussing hit his ears briefly. "Oh don't be so melodramatic. You were only barely dead. It's the transfusion really that took its toll on you." Bones interrupted, giving Jim a grim look before returning his attention to his PADD again. "Transfusion?" Jim asked as Bones took his pulse count and recorded it into his records. The Doctor only nodded his head in response. "Yeah, your cells were heavily eradiated when we got you out of that oven. We had no choice." He sighed as he looked up to check something on one of the monitors above his head. When Jim continued to look confused, Bones rolled his eyes as if Jim were missing the most obvious thing in the universe. "Khan's blood. After we got him back into custody, I took another blood sample and synthesized a serum with it not unlike the one I was going to make with your sister's and Spock's blood samples to save your nephew's life until he made his miraculous recovery. Anyway, it seems the transfusion was a success. Your vitals are coming along remarkably." Bones closed his PADD and was about to step away when another thought suddenly occured to him. "You're not...having any homicidal thoughts are you? Any sense of...power hungry...manical or...despondent feelings you can't explain?" He asked, making Jim chuckle a bit since Bones seemed genuinely worried that Jim's answer might be yes. "Not as of right now...Thank you though Bones...You know for saving me." He said true gratitude shining in his eyes as Bones grunted a reply and turned to put away a few of his tools. "How'd you do it? Get Khan I mean." Jim asked, remembering how easily Khan had taken down himself, Kat and Scott back on the Vengence. Even though Bones was far from helpless, Jim knew it must have taken some genius plan for the Doctor to be able to draw more blood from someone as volatile as Khan. "Oh I didn't." Bones answered smoothly just as the sound of a door hissing open and closed sounded from somewhere behind him. Jim craned his neck a little to look around Bones until his eyes landed on Spock who was standing in a slightly dimly lit area near the door. Meeting his gaze, Spock came forward slowly until he was standing in the light that streamed from the windows on the opposite side of the room. "Captain, you are looking remarkably improved." He said approvingly as if he were praising Jim for getting a high grade on an exam. Jim nodded his head. "Thanks to you. You saved my life." He said gratefully. "I did not do it alone Captain." Spock raised his chin slightly. "Had it not been for Katarina's timely assistance our current circumstances would be drastically different." He said steadily. "Don't forget. I mixed the serum that actually reversed the effect of the radiation poisoning." Bones put in, looking up from his PADD. Jim inclined an eyebrow at him. "Is that right? Where is Kat? Thought she'd be in here crying or something." He smirked wryly, looking up to see Spock's usual unreadable expression. "She left presently to nurse the baby. She did not wish to disturb you, but she will rejoin us shortly." Spock responded, the barest hint of smile on his face. Jim smiled too. "Oh yeah the baby...how's he doing? Was he happy to see you guys?" He asked, relaxing back into sheets of his medical bed. Spock nodded in a positive and confirmative way. "He is well. Since we returned to earth, Kat and I have been spending mass quantities of time with Greysam whilst waiting for you to make a full recovery." He responded as if he were making a field report on a new uncharted planet. Jim felt his smile widen into a full on grin. "That's great...And now thanks to you guys, I can stick around and watch him grow up too." He lay back against his pillow and shut his eyes briefly. Spock started to nod when the door hissed open again behind him. He and Jim both turned to see who it was and Jim smiled again when he saw his sister walk in with a sleeping baby cuddled close to her chest. Kat froze for a second when she saw Jim was awake, then she returned his smile. "Hey." She approached the bedside, gently patting Greysam on his back. "What's up?" Jim responded, his gaze moving from Kat to the baby then back again. Kat shrugged a shoulder. "Grey fell asleep while eating." She lovingly cuddled her little son for a second then returned her attention to her brother. "How are you feeling?" Jim chuckled. "Better, thanks to you guys." He looked from Kat to Spock and back again. "Bones said you guys took down Khan." Kat and Spock briefly exchanged glances. "It was nothing." Kat tried to shrug it off, but Jim shook his head. "If there's anything I can do...you know to repay you two, let me know." Spock and Kat exchanged another look at this. "Actually Jim, there is a special request which Katarina and I wish to make. We have already received permission from Starfleet Command conditional upon your agreement on the arrangement." Spock responded steadily. Jim raised an eyebrow at that, particularly at Spock's use of his first name, which he did only on occasion since Vulcans did not usually address people by their informal titles unless it was their life mate. Especially when that person outranked them in any way. "Oh yeah? What can I do for you guys?" ... (One Year Later) There will always be those who mean to do us harm. To stop them, we risk awakening the same evil in ourselves. Our first instinct is to take revenge for those we love who are taken from us. But that's not who we are. We are here today to re-christian the U.S.S. Enterprise and to honor those who had lost their lives, nearly one year ago. "Spock? Have you seen Grey's favorite pacifier? I think he dropped it while I was putting him to sleep and I can't find it anywhere." Kat's voice echoed across the little apartment as she and Spock made ready to rejoin Jim and the rest of their crew on a new five year mission they'd been assigned. This time however, the Enterprise would have an additional passenger aboard for the mission as well as a new crew mate. When Christopher Pike gave me his ship, he had me recite the Captain's Oath. Words I didn't appreciate at the time. Now I see them as a call for us to remember who we once were and who we must be again. "Here it is." Spock bent and carefully picked up the small plastic object, moving towards the kitchen to clean it before giving it back to his wife. "We should hurry. The Captain said for us to board the Enterprise no later than 0300. We have less than half an hour." Spock continued, walking out of the kitchen and towards the bedroom where Kat was pulling a shirt on over their now one year old son's head. "We're almost ready." Kat responded as she pulled Grey's arms through the sleeves of the shirt. "What do you think? Think it'll make an impression for his first day on the Enterprise?" Kat asked turning towards her husband as he put the pacifier in the bag Kat had packed for the baby. And those words... "I believe it will. Jim will especially appreciate it since it is the gift he gave to the boy." Spock nodded, smiling a bit as he watched his son make soft unintelligible noises whilst cramming his fist into his mouth. Kat chuckled and reached to pick him up from the bed. "Well, that's everything then. Did you get the pacifier?" She bent awkwardly to grab their bags with Grey balanced on her hip. Spock moved quickly to grab the larger of the bags. "I did. I placed it inside the front pocket of Selek's bag." He responded, using his son's Vulcan name this time. Kat carefully adjusted her arms around the baby. "Great. Let's get going then, or Jim will never let us hear the end of it." She grinned at her husband. Spock nodded and looked down at Greysam again. With his free hand, he gently stroked the top of his head close to the tip of one of his pointed ears. Greysam met his gaze then and held out his chubby little arms to Spock, making a sound as if asking for his Father to hold him. Kat noticed and smiled happily down at him before turning back towards Spock. "Want to trade?" She asked, nodding at the bag in Spock's other hand. Spock inclined his head towards her. "I would be glad to." He said, lowering the bag he had been holding back to the floor and holding out his hands to take the baby from his wife. Kat happily passed Grey to him and the child nestled happily into Spock's chest. "Da-Da." He burbled, slipping his thumb into his mouth as Spock gently wrapped his arms around him. Spock's eyes widened when he heard his son's murmuring. Kat gasped softly. Space...the final frontier. These are the voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Her five year mission to explore strange new worlds. To seek out new life and new civilizations. To boldly go where no one has gone before. ... "Captain on the bridge!" Chekov called as Jim entered through the brand new doors to the brand new bridge of the new Enterprise. Jim grinned as he stepped in and looked around at his crew who were all already seated in their respective stations all around the bridge. All except for... "It's hard to get out once you've had a taste. Isn't that right, Mr. Sulu?" Jim's grin widened as he approached the Captain's chair where Sulu had been sitting. Upon seeing Jim arriving, Sulu hopped up and smiled sheepishly at the much coveted seat. "Captain does have a nice ring to it." He looked up at his Captain and backed respectfully away towards his own spot in the pilot's seat. "It's all yours Sir." Jim nodded gratefully at him. "Thank you. Mr. Scott? How's our core?" He asked, hitting a button on the arm of the Captain's chair to COMM the engineering deck. "Purring like a kitten Captain. She's ready for a long journey." Scott responded readily, sounding quite pleased and ready to begin their new journey. "Excellent!" Jim hopped back off the Captain's podium like an excited little kid, nearly bumping into Bones who had joined the crew on the bridge to witness the first take off for the new ship. "Come on Bones! It's going to be fun!" Jim clapped him in the shoulder. The Doctor however, seemed less than eager about it given his history with space sickness. "Five years in space...God help me." He sighed, clenching his jaw as he stared straight ahead at the ship's main monitor. "Dr. Marcus!" Jim continued cheerfully, stopping to speak to his newest science officer. Carole turned to meet his gaze and Jim paused for a second, caught off guard by the slight sparkle in her light blue eyes. "Uh, I'm glad you could be a part of the family." He nodded as the woman's expression curved into a warm smile. "It's good to have a family again...Jim." She responded, a slight blush coloring her cheeks. Jim smiled back then turned towards the Commander's station. When he saw that the station was empty, he looked towards the communications panel and frowned slightly. "Mr. Sulu?" He called back to his helmsman. "Yes Captain?" "Where are Commander Spock and Ambassador Kirk? It's not like them to be late for take off." Jim folded his arms across his chest just as the doors to the bridge whooshed open. "Our apologies for our tardiness Captain." Spock reported in briskly, bending to put Greysam down on the floor as he and Kat hastily entered the bridge together. "Grey learned another word today and we kind of had a moment before we realized we were going to miss take off." Kat added on, looking down on her son with adoration in her eyes. Jim grinned as he watched his toddler nephew begin waddling his way around the bridge on his short unsteady legs. "It's no problem. What did he say? I see he's wearing my birthday present." He asked, watching as the baby wandered first up to Uhura who smiled lovingly at him, then towards the front of the bridge where Sulu was wearing a shirt that was basically a tiny replica of a starfleet uniform tunic. "Dada. You should have seen Spock's face when he said it." Kat answered, watching with both amusement and affection as Sulu turned and scooped Greysam up in the way a playful uncle might. The baby giggled as Sulu proceeded to "make him fly" through the air while making noises like a shuttle engine. "Dada huh?" Jim turned to smirk at Spock. Spock stiffened a bit, but anyone could tell he was as pleased as Kat was with this new development in their child. "I hardly consider the child's burbling of those syllables as an actual uttering of a word, but nonetheless it is still a pleasing sign of development." Spock responded primly though Jim and Kat could tell he was happy and a little embarrassed at the sudden attention. "Well after take off then, I'll give Grey a full exclusive tour of the Enterprise as a reward." Jim enthused, turning to watch as Chekov joined in with Sulu, acting like he was a security crew member giving Greysam "flight updates" as Sulu continued to "fly" him. Greysam laughed happily as they played. "Mr. Sulu, kindly return my son to his full and complete upright position so that he may rejoin his Mother and be prepared for take off." Spock ordered though his tone did not seem to imply much concern or disapproval. Immediately Sulu and Chekov stopped goofing around and Sulu set a still laughing Greysam down on his lap. "Yes Sir, Commander." Sulu stood to put the toddler back down on the floor where he could walk back to Kat when he caught sight of the Captain's chair again and an idea popped into his head. Looking down at the baby again, Sulu grinned then stepped away from the pilot's station for a moment. Seeing what he was doing, Kat covered her mouth to hide her grin. "Spock! A word?" Jim asked, nodding for his first officer to follow him as he walked across the bridge to a spot directly behind Chekov's station. "Captain." Spock complied willingly, oblivious to what Sulu was up to even though half the crew was trying its best to keep a straight face and not start giggling at the sight. Jim smiled again as he looked out at the vast open expanse of space laying out before them. Five years...five years to explore it all. They could see new worlds they'd never seen before and meet people who were non-indigenous to this side of the galaxy. The question remained however as to their first destination on this miraculous mission. "Where should we go first Spock? Which quandrant or star system should we go to?" Jim asked, not taking his eyes off the view. Spock took a moment to consider his answer following Jim's gaze. "Well Captain, as a mission of this duration has never before been attempted...I defer to your good judgement." Spock replied, a smile playing on his expression as he turned to resume his place in the command station. He froze however when he noticed something behind him and seeing Spock stand still in his place, Jim turned too to see what had struck the attention of his first officer. What he saw made him laugh out loud though Spock was only staring straight ahead with one of his famous mostly unreadable expressions on his face. "Well!...How did you get up there, Little Guy?" Jim asked, still laughing as he went to pick up his nephew from where he had been contentedly sitting in the Captain's chair since Sulu set him down in it. Spock shifted his gaze through his peripherals to where Sulu sat and saw him biting his lip as he attempted to appear busy with pre-take off procedures. "It's like you said, Captain." Sulu responded, not quite keeping the laughing tone from his voice. "It's hard to get out of the chair once you've had a taste. Besides he was certainly dressed for the part." He added, looking up from his controls. Spock finally found his voice. "Mr. Sulu-." "Isn't he though?" Jim cut him off, sitting down in the Captain's chair with Grey still in his arms. "Would you like to ride in the Captain's chair with me, Greysam?" He asked, setting his nephew down on his lap. Kat looked hesitant. "Uh Jim, I don't know." "Just for take off?" Jim turned slightly in his chair to meet his older sister's gaze pleadingly as if he were a child begging his Mother to let him have a treat. "I promise I'll keep him safe." He wrapped an arm carefully around the toddler's small frame. "Please?" Kat and Spock exchanged brief glances then Spock nodded and Kat sighed. "Oh all right. Just for take off." She gave Grey a quick kiss on his head before going to settle down into her seat next to Uhura while Spock took several wide strides to get to his own station. When he got there, he and Kat exchanged another look and smiled conspirationally at each other. "Sulu!" Jim carefully settled the baby on his lap and stared ahead out the window again. "Take us out." "Aye aye Sir!" Sulu complied immediately, beginning the take off procedure. Soon they were off again headed towards new worlds and new adventures. ... (And that's it for the Into Darkness part of the story. Leave me a comment in the review section if you're interested in a continuation of this story into the Beyond storyline. I hope you like it! :) )
(So let me first take the time to say thank you to those of you who have continued to read this story even though I am probably one of the slowest updaters ever. In any case here is the first chapter for the Star Trek Beyond portion of the story. I hope I did not break Spock out of his character too much while I wrote in some sweet and cute domestic moments between him, Kat and Greysam. Enjoy the chapter I hope haha! I own nothing but my OC.) ... "Remember be polite, civil and to the point. These creatures may not look like much, but they are perceptive and they do not take kindly to being disrespected or lied to." Kat reminded her brother in a whisper as the two of them ventured into the little antechamber where the leader of Tanexi had agreed to meet with them to discuss the terms of the treaty. Although Kat did not have as much experience dealing with the Tanexi as she did select other groups of people in the galaxy, she did have some basic knowledge of their customs and her skills as an ambassador were more than useful enough for the Captain to recommend her as his second on this little diplomatic mission. "I know Kat. Relax. We've got these negotiations in the bag." Jim held up the small yet unidentified object in his hand for emphasis only earning an eyeroll from his older sister in response. "If all it took to secure a peace treaty was some shiny piece of ancient tech, then I wouldn't be accompanying you to this meeting, would I?" Kat retorted, smoothing some loose hairs from her face as they entered through the door into the little domed building. "Besides I left my son with a Cadet to accompany you, so don't screw this up." She added, clenching her jaw as the dimness of the little chamber enveloped her and the Captain. Jim grinned wryly at this. "At least he isn't with Bones." He couldn't help retorting. "And you can't give your Captain orders." Kat huffed. "It's not an order, it's a warning!" "Identify yourselves, strangers!" A loud croaky voice boomed as soon as the Captain and his Ambassadorial Officer entered into the center of the rounded chamber. JIm turned quickly give the speaker his full attention. "My name is Captain James Tiberius Kirk of the United Federation of Planets." Jim responded, speaking loudly and clearly as he looked up to meet the Tanexi Chief's piercing gaze. "And I am Ambassador Katarina Kirk of the United Federation of Planets." Kat put in next, not missing a beat as she assumed the formal tone of a Starfleet officer. "We have appeared before you as neutral representatives for the Forboden Republic." Kat continued until Jim chimed in. "We bring you a message of goodwill and present to you exteemed members of the Tanexi Delegation, a gift from the Forboden High Council of the highest regard." The Captain spoke clearly and respectfully holding up the unnamed device in his hands. Maintaining eye contact with the leader of the Tanexis, Jim quickly flicked a switch on the side of the device opening it to reveal a small circular object inside. The alien council members stared at the item for a moment before the leader spoke in a deep husky tone. "Well! What's wrong with it?" He demanded, making Kat tense slightly, but she kept her expression calm and neutral as Jim blinked in confusion. "Excuse me?" "Why don't they want it anymore?" The figure sitting to the right of the leader asked, leaning forward slightly in his chair. Kat took a deep breath and took a step forward towards the leader. "Well your Excellencies, according to the Forboden leader this core was once a piece of an ancient weapon now lost to all civilization. They offered it now as a symbol...of peace." She chose her words carefully. "As it is known in the Forboden culture, the surrender of a weapon is equal to an offer of a truce." "How did they come by it then?" The leader growled, making the tentacles on the sides of his face lash out. "They...told us they acquired it a long time ago. In a battle long past." Jim cut in, but the Tanexi leader did not seem appeased by this answer. "So they stole it!" "No." Kat answered quickly as the rest of the Tanexis began to grow restless around them. "Your excellency..the Forbodens-." "Enough with these tedious appeals! You humans do not know the Forbodens as we do!" The leader lashed out again this time stomping one of his long appendages which appeared to be legs. "Yes, that is very true." Jim answered, making Kat glance at him nervously. She started to shake her at him slightly to head him off, but Jim was not paying attention to her. "But your Excellency this gift is a symbol of a brighter-." "They are nothing but untrustworthy theives who want to see us murdered in our own beds!" The leader interrupted. "They want to chop us into pieces and roast us over a fire!" He wailed. Kat subtly nudged Jim in the ribs with a finger. "Jim, this isn't working. I suggest we try to appeal to the Tanexis another way without the device and return to the Enterprise to regroup. I'll explain to the Forboden leader." She whispered. Jim shook his head and tightened his grip on the object in his hands a little. "Too late for that Sis. Can't you see how riled up that guy is? Nothing is going to appease him right now." He muttered back as the Tanexi leader continued. "Is that your design Captain Kirk?" The creature continued to wail and Jim started to respond. "To plant their treasure in our midst so that they may find us...and eat us?" Kat and Jim exchanged one last puzzled glance. "Um...what?" Jim exclaimed. "Jim-!" Kat started to warn her brother, but it was too late. With another ear piercing, nerve-rattling screech the leader of the Tanexi leapt from his throne straight into the ground level of the chamber three feet away from the Kirks. Jim cocked his head to the side as the creature came to stand to his full height on his hind legs. "Huh...you guys looked so much bigger from up there." He muttered carelessly. Kat suppressed a groan just as another Tanexi leaped onto her head. Swatting it away, Kat turned to make a break for it towards the exit just as the rest of the assembled council followed suit. Jim ran after her, snatching his COMM from his pocket. "Scotty! Get us out of here!" "Well that was quick." The Chief Engineer remarked calmly just as Kat knocked another Tanexi off of her shoulder almost hitting Jim with it. "Sorry!" She apologized hastily as another two of the creatures grabbed onto her legs. Jim groaned and yanked two off of his shoulders. "Scotty now!" He snapped as the Tanexi continued to swarm. "Sorry Sir. There seems to be a lot of surface interference where the two of you are at. Stand by." Scotty responded, still calmly. Kat screamed when one of them latched onto her neck and she clawed frantically at the creature. Suddenly the Tanexi world disappeared and the two Kirks found themselves back on the beaming platform of the enterprise with a couple of the tiny aliens still latched on to them. Immediately a couple of their crew members came to assist them. "Ugh!" Kat groaned as she threw the last Tanexi across the ground and reached for something at her neck before stalking out of the beaming platform, Jim at her heels. Scotty poked his head out of the from the transport control station. "So...how did it go?" He asked casually. Kat blew the loosened strands of her hair out of her face with an angry huff. "From now on, I'm handling all the diplomatic missions alone." She muttered under her breath as the young Captain tried to smooth out his uniform. "Well if they involve anymore violently angry little people I have no arguments...Aww you gotta be kidding me. I ripped my shirt again." Jim groaned, noting the tears in his uniform left by the claws of the tiny Tanexis. "Just be thankful it's not your skin." Bones put in as he and Spock came to meet the Captain and the Ambassador halfway through the corridor away from engineering. The former with a scanner in his hand. "Captain, did you manage to broker a treaty with the Tanexis?" Spock asked in his usual calm, formal way. Kat shook her head at him. "Negative. They wouldn't accept the peace offering and then went all ballistic when we tried to appease them." She huffed and pushed her hair away behind her ear. Spock looked sober. "I see." "Yep! Stow this back in the vault for me, would you Spock?" Jim asked, tossing the device he had earlier tried to offer to the Tanexi's over his shoulder. Spock caught it easily and nodded his head. "At once Captain. Are you all right Katarina?" He focused his attention on his wife as Jim rushed away back in the direction of the bridge with Bones waving the scanning device behind his head. Kat shrugged and smiled reassuringly at him. "I'm fine. Do I look bad? I don't want to scare Grey." She worried, frowning and removing her hand from her neck in dismay. After scanning her over briefly, Spock shook his head. "You look disheveled, but no less beautiful." He smiled slightly as the two of them hurried towards the ship's vault. Kat smiled back until his smile suddenly fell from his face. "What is that in your hand?" Spock inquired upon noticing a strange thin object in Katarina's right hand as they walked together in the direction of the ship's vault. Kat looked down and smiled at the item slightly though it did not reach her eyes as she lifted her hand up. "Oh...just the necklace the little girl on Ubeka gave to me after we saved her village from traffickers last year. It got broken while Jim and I were trying to fight off the Tanexis." She sighed and moved to slip the broken necklace into her pocket as they reached they reached their destination. "Destructive little munchkins." Spock sighed somberly and bent to enter in the access code to the vault. "I remember that. I am sorry you are no longer able to wear it Katarina." He said sincerely as a little door opened and he placed the mysterious device inside. Kat sighed and shrugged her shoulders. "It wasn't the sturdiest of things. It was bound to happen sooner or later I suppose." She murmured as Spock closed the vault. "Yes, but perhaps now in lieu of it, you could now wear this." The vulcan turned, slipping his right hand into his pocket to pull out a small gold chain which had a bright blue jeweled pendant looped onto it. Immediately recognizing the necklace, Kat's eyes widened and she faltered slightly before looking up to meet her husband's gaze. "Oh no Spock that...that was your Mother's. It's all you have of her. I can't take that from you!" She protested, feeling a brief dull ache in her chest as she thought of her late Mother-in-law again. Spock only smiled and held the necklace out to her. "I insist you wear it, Katarina. My Mother wished for you to have it someday and I think it is well beyond time for me to present you with this precious gift." He retorted, unclasping the chain as he spoke. Sighing lightly in defeat when he did that, Kat smiled back and slowly reached to move her hair out of the way as she turned to allow Spock to place the necklace around her neck. "It's...so beautiful." She remarked, carefully picking up the small blue pendant between her fingers and admiring the unusual shine and glow of the stone. Spock nodded. "The stone is Vokaya. As you may know, it is a mineral unique to Vulcan alone and its properties allow for the stone to emit a bright glow. The emission is completely harmless to you however, my Thyla." Spock explained softly as he gently lowered his hands back to his sides after securing the clasp of his Mother's necklace around his wife's neck. Feeling his hands leave her, Kat let go of her hair and turned to face him. "Thank you so much, Spock. I will make sure not to let this one break." She said reassuringly as she let the pendant fall back against her sternum. Spock looked from her eyes back to the necklace. "It suits you marvelously." He said warmly. Sensing the pleasure that filled her husband at the sight of his Mother's last beloved heirloom hung around her neck, Kat started to lean in closer to him when the sound of quickly pattering footsteps caught her attention. "Mommy! Daddy!" A small boy with slightly wild dark hair that flipped easily over his little pointed ears cried out happily as he ran down the corridor well ahead of a blue clad Starfleet cadet to where his parents stood. Smiling broadly at the sight of her son, Kat turned and scooped the boy up in her arms as he threw his little arms around her neck. "Mommy! I got to look at star charts!" Grey announced excitedly as Kat quickly pressed an affectionate kiss to his cheek. "Did you?" Kat asked, frowning slightly when she noticed a strange red marking on her son's face. "What's this on your cheek?" Kat asked, dabbing at the mark despite the boy's attempts to squirm away from her ministrations. "It's just berry juice." The Cadet who had accompanied Greysam answered just as Spock leaned in to peer at the mark as well. "I gave him some to keep him quiet while I worked on some things and the little guy managed to spill it on himself." He explained, shuffling his feet a bit in slight nervousness. Kat visibly relaxed at that while Spock straightened his posture. "Oh I see. Were you a good boy for Cadet Dole, Greysam?" Kat asked, readjusting her grip around her little boy as she and Spock started to return to the bridge together. "For the most part." The Cadet shrugged as he proceeded to follow a couple paces behind the little family. "He's pretty d*** bright for his age too. Really got into some of the star maps I showed him." He muttered carelessly, causing both Spock and Kat to freeze in their tracks momentarily. "Cadet Dole, must I remind you once again to refrain from using such explicit language in the presence of my son?" Spock responded reprimandingly with a disapproving expression on his face while Kat quickly put her hand over Grey's right ear and pushed the other side of his head against her shoulder in a protective manner. The Cadet froze, his eyes widening at the reprimand. "Oh!...Right sorry! My apologies Commander. Ambassador." He apologized profusely before hurrying on his way to the bridge. Kat shook her head after him. "I really hope he wasn't cussing while Grey was with him. The last thing I need is for my baby to start using such profanity like Bones does." She grumbled as Spock nodded his head. "I agree." Grey raised his head from his Mother's shoulder then. "I not a baby, Mommy." He whined, putting out his lower lip. Spock and Kat looked down and chuckled together at the adorable indignance in their young son's expression. "Oh of course you're not, Grey. You're my big growing boy." Kat cooed, tickling the child briefly before readjusting her grip on him. Greysam giggled then moved his gaze downwards immediately noticing the new addition to his Mother's apparel. Instantly he reached one finger to poke at the strange glowing blue stone. "What's that?" He asked innocently, looking back up to meet Kat's gaze. Kat looked down at the necklace and smiled. "Isn't it pretty, Grey? Daddy gave it to me as a present. It's called Vokaya. Can you say Vokaya" She asked, glancing over at Spock who looked quite pleased at the attention his son was giving to the amulet. Grey furrowed his little brows, looking so much like Spock as he did so. "Bo..Ka...uh?" He said slowly and uncertainly. "That's it!" Kat laughed with pride at her son, gently lowering him back to the floor as they neared the turbo lift. Almost instantly, Grey reached to take both his parents hands as they continued to walk, looking up at his Father as he did his best to toddle along. Spock smiled softly back at him. "Speaking of presents..." Kat suddenly lowered her voice and gave Spock a slightly nervous look. "I just remembered You-Know-Who's birthday is coming up in a couple days." She whispered to his ear. Spock arched an eyebrow at this. "But we already purchased a gift for him two weeks ago." He said in reminder. Kat shook her head at him. "No I mean...this year is the birthday." She whispered, biting her lip as they reached the lift. Without hesitating, Spock moved to open the lift, the confusion and concern lingering in his expression as they entered the lift together. Kat bit her lip as Spock sent the lift to the bridge. "This year, Jim turns one year older than Dad ever got to be. I think that's why he's been avoiding the crew more than usual lately during his off times and hasn't planned a huge party to celebrate." She said sadly. Not to mention all the drinks he's been consuming when he thinks no one sees. She thought to herself, recalling how she had been feeling the day her own 30th birthday had dawned. If it hadn't been for Spock, she might have spent the whole day crying her eyes out and refusing to leave the house even though she had an evaluation to run that day. If only Jim could have been fortunate enough to have someone like that in his life right now, who could be his support in tough times like this. "Your Father was an honorable man, but he would not wish for either you or Jim to continually mourn for him, especially during an occasion in which you should be happy." Spock said firmly yet lovingly, taking care to keep his voice low as well. "I am sure the Captain realizes this as well." He said in what he hoped was a comforting tone. Kat sighed and forced on a smile. "Yeah, I guess you're right. I just worry for him you know?" She shrugged just as the lift reached their destination. Spock stared at her for a moment longer then nodded his head. "I know." Grey pulled slightly on his parents' hands excitedly as the doors opened revealing the bridge and the magnificent view of space. "Ah! Spock, party of three! Glad you could join us." Bones greeted the little family with a touch of sarcasm in his voice as Spock and Kat quickly stepped onto the bridge, both stumbling a little when their son pulled eagerly on their arms. Quickly regaining his bearings, Spock silently and pointedly raised an eyebrow at the Doctor for the remark while Greysam, relinquishing his grip on his parents' hands eagerly toddled towards the front of the bridge. From the pilot's station ahead, Sulu let out a whistle as a large spherical space structure came into view through the main windows. "Wow! That is impressive!" Chekov hummed with excitement as Grey came to a stop near his station with Kat close behind him. "Grey, you know you're not to bother Uncle Pavel and Uncle Hikaru when they're working. Come back here." Kat lightly reprimanded her son as he pointed short pale finger out the window. "Look Mommy! Space ship!" He enthused, earning the amused smiles of Sulu, Chekov and the cadets who were stationed with them. Kat smiled slightly too, never completely immune to her young son's charms until she looked up and saw the large mechanical structure they were drawing near to. "That's a space port Baby. That's where the Federation is going to meet." She said, reaching to take Grey's hand and missing by a half an inch as the boy ran over to peek at Sulu's station. Sulu turned and smiled warmly at the boy. "Aye. She's a beauty isn't she? A real piece of art." Scotty remarked turning to flash Jim, Bones and Spock a wide grin. "A beauty? Looks more like a monstrosity to me. Couldn't we have just rented some space on a planet or something?" Bones asked, looking at the space station as if it repulsed him. "That is impossible. Showing geographical favoritism among inductive federation worlds could cause diplomatic tension, Doctor." Spock retorted calmly, walking over to join Kat just as Grey toddled away from Sulu's station. "What? And that doesn't look tense? It looks like a d*** snowglobe in space just waiting to break!" Bones elaborated, earning a quick glare from Kat and a slightly amused one from Jim as a voice came over the intercom requesting security clearance codes. "Well that's the spirit, Bones." Jim murmured sarcastically, bending to scoop up his nephew into his arms before he could run past him while Uhura hurriedly transmitted the clearance codes to the Yorktown security office. Kat turned as the unmistakable yet light scent of alcohol hit her nostrils from the Captain's direction. "Have you been drinking again already, Captain?" She asked in a low voice as Jim settled Grey at his hip. Bones started to look a little guilty hearing the question, but Jim just shrugged her off. "Oh give me a break, Kat. I just got attacked by little people and failed to secure the Tanexi peace treaty. Besides it's Bones' fault this time. He found me the good stuff." He smirked causing Bones to stiffen slightly next to him. "Oh Gee, thanks a lot." Bones muttered causing flickers of amusement to ripple throughout various members of the bridge crew. Kat let out a long slow sigh unable to keep from smiling a little herself as Jim threw Bones a mischevious wink in return before bouncing Grey on his arm. Maybe I am worrying too much about him. She thought, watching her son and brother interact with each other as the voice came back over the speakers granting the crew permission to pass through the barrier into the little mechanical metropolis above. ... "This is a very busy place. Of course that could be because of the Intergalactic Federation's Meeting." Kat noted as she and Grey followed Spock down the ramp and off the ship among what felt like a sea of other people of all races and species. "Indeed." Spock nodded as he quickly scanned a large view screen on his right and noted where the crew of the Enterprise was to be lodged for the duration of the conference. "But nice in a way...You know maybe this would be a good kind of place for Grey to grow up. There's so much diversity, he would probably fit right in. No problem." Kat said thoughtfully as she noted a girl with green skin walking by with her parents and another person with long grey tentacles folded on the back of his head exiting from of another side of the corridors. Spock turned to face her. "I thought you were contented with him receiving his education in your original hometown as you did. Is that no longer your desire?" He asked quizzically. Kat quickly shook her head. "No. I...was just thinking...This is a nice place." She looked down at where her son, oblivious to their short conversation seemed to be taken in by everything around him. Quickly glancing around, Spock slowly nodded his head in agreement with her. "Yes indeed it is." He followed her gaze to the boy currently clutching both his and Kat's hands in his own much smaller ones. As he took in the amazement glowing in the boy's unique features, he found himself wondering once again if a school on earth was really the appropriate place for his son to be educated, given his own experiences as a child of mixed heritages. Could Kat be right in thinking that a place of more diverse population would make a more appropriate place for their child to grow up or were they both over-worrying about an issue that could never arise? "Grey?" Kat stopped walking suddenly and knelt to get at eye level with Greysam when she felt him slowing down between them. "Are you getting tired Sweetie? Do you want to go for a nap-nap?" She asked softly, gently stroking the boy's cheek as he yawned. Greysam shook his head. "No nap-nap." He mumbled stubbornly. Kat chuckled at his tone of voice while Spock sighed and bent to lift the child up into his arms before continuing to walk again. "You possess not only the recklessness, but also the stubbornness of your Mother, Selek. You are very clearly exhausted, my Son." He spoke affectionately, using his son's Vulcan name as he was inclined to do from time to time. "Given the amount of high level activity you engaged in prior it is only logical." Spock muttering, recalling the time it had taken for him and Kat to settle Greysam earlier when the Enterprise's landing procedures had begun. Kat chuckled at the wry tone she heard in his voice. "Oh like you've never been annoyingly stubborn with me." She retorted teasingly as she wrapped her arm loosely around her husband's waist. Spock gave her a fleeting slightly amused look in return. "No. No sleepy Daddy." Grey mumbled though he was quickly finding it hard to keep both his eyes open and his head upright. Returning his gaze to his son, Spock gently pressed Grey's head to his shoulder as he walked and Kat smiled leaning in to give the child a quick kiss on his forehead. "That's enough Greysam. Go to sleep." She said in a half reprimanding, but mostly loving tone as she smoothed the hairs from his face. As the child finally began to give in to his tiredness and nestled into his Father's arms, both Spock and Kat suddenly became aware of two Vulcan figures in dignified apparel approaching them from the opposite side of the space port. "Excuse me, Commander Spock!" The Vulcan on the right addressed Spock immediately, holding a PADD between his slender elderly hands. "We have a message of marked importance to pass on to you. Might we have a moment of your time?" The Vulcan on the right asked primly yet politely, as he and his companion briefly acknowledged Kat with a respectful incline of their heads. Spock looked from the two Vulcans back down to his sleeping son and shook his head. "My son needs to rest. I must get him to a bed first." He said calmly. The Vulcan on the left nodded his head seemingly in understanding. "Then we will await your presence in ten minutes time in the small lounge area directly adjacent to your quarters as it is convenient for you." He spoke decidedly. Exchanging a quick glance with Kat, Spock nodded in compliance to the the Vulcan representative's suggestion. "Very well." Both Vulcans returned the nod then they both bowed slightly to Spock before turning to walk off back in the direction they came. Kat stared after them, wondering what sort of important message could have arrived from New Vulcan for her husband. After all, aside from briefly assisting with the recolonization process and communicating with Ambassador Spock on occasion, Spock had been mostly uninvolved with the affairs of New Vulcan. "What do you suppose happened? They seemed very somber." She asked looking at Spock curiously. Spock shook his head. "I do not know." ... "Mommy? Where's Daddy?" Grey asked sleepily, waking as Kat tried to tuck him back into the smaller bed set in the room they were given for the duration of their stay in Yorktown. Kat sighed and comfortingly stroked her son's long hair from his face. "Daddy's still out Greysam. He'll be back soon though. Don't worry." She said soothingly, tucking the loose strands of Grey's hair behind one of his ears before leaning over to give him a kiss on his temple though the child was already nodding off again. Smiling at how peaceful he looked as she drew away, Kat lingered at his bedside for a moment watching as he slept, not realizing how much time was going by until a heavy yawn escaped from her own lips. Glancing over at the clock set on the wall across the room, Kat blinked in surprise at how late in the evening it was. She looked back over in the direction of the main door and frowned as she wondered what could be keeping Spock. It wasn't like him to stay out this late for any reason without contacting her. It made her wonder again the reason for which the two Vulcan Ambassadors they had met in spaceport lobby had asked to see her husband alone. What could have happened on New Vulcan that would warrant his attention? Another yawn stretched through her body then and Kat got up carefully from Grey's bedside, stretching her arms up over her head as she moved slowly towards the small bathroom adjacent to the bedroom. She hoped Spock would be back by the time she finished getting ready for bed and that nothing truly serious had happened on New Vulcan. Maybe Spock and I should schedule a visit with Sarek soon. Kat though to herself as she tucked herself in as comfortably as possible between the sheets of the larger bed. After all he hasn't seen Grey in at least two or three years and Ambassador Spock is always asking about him. It would probably also do Grey some good to spend some time getting to know his Vulcan heritage. Kat smiled slightly as the thought of making a trip to New Vulcan for the first time as a family began to lull her to sleep. Suddenly the bed shifted underneath her and Kat woke with a start as a large warm body nestled against her slender form snaking his arms around her waist. Smiling at his touch, Kat turned carefully around until she was looking into the dark, tired eyes of her husband who as usual was dressed only in a pair of loose fitting pants under the covers. "You're late Thyla." She murmured leaning forward kiss his lips and cupping his face between her hands. Spock sighed and placed his own hands through her hair as he fervently returned the kiss. "I am sorry." He said softly after they broke the kiss, leaving his fingers in her hair. "I received some unexpected news from the New Vulcan Representatives and it affected me more than I anticipated. I hope I did not worry you with my absence, my Thyla." Spock said sincerely, his lip trembling for the barest second as he pulled Kat closer to himself again. Seeing the clear distress in his eyes, Kat ran the fingers of her right hand through his hair bumping only slightly into his ear as she did so. "What happened? What did those Vulcan Representatives want? Is it your Father?" She asked, a sickening feeling in her stomach at the thought of anything happening to her Father-in-law since Spock had already suffered greatly from the loss of his Mother. Shaking his head, Spock traced his fingers through his wife's hair until he reached the top of her cheekbone. "It is Ambassador Spock. He has died, Katarina." His voice hitched as he tried to speak the words calmly. Kat's eyes widened at the news and she felt her heart plummet into her stomach. "Oh Spock..." She wrapped her arms around her husband's bare torso and embraced him as tightly as she could. "That's awful!...He was such a good man." Kat murmured thinking sadly of the kind elderly Vulcan who since they met had shown great interest in Greysam's upbringing and in her and Spock's careers at Starfleet. The relationship she and Spock had with him was a strange yet almost familial one so the news of his sudden passing hit her hard. "He was..." Leaning into her embrace, Spock took a deep shuddering breath and laid his head against the crook of Kat's neck, holding her as tightly as she held him as if their close physical proximity with each other would be able to block out some of their distress. "But Vulcans do not fear death. We can at least be assured that he passed well and honorably...without much pain." Spock added softly. Kat raised her head at this and gave Spock a look he knew well through the tears sliding down her cheeks. "That doesn't make his loss any less great." She said knowing that even though Spock's visage betrayed little emotion, he was hurting just as much as she was, maybe even more. After a long moment of silence, Spock finally spoke. "Perhaps not." He said, biting his lip as he struggled to maintain in control of himself. Sighing as she watched him struggle to keep his usual well-controlled composure, Kat shook her head and reached to stroke his face with her hand. "All these years together...and you still think you have to be at your strongest at all times, even around me." She murmured with a slight frown. "It's almost like you don't fully trust me with your brokenness." Spock's brows furrowed in bewilderment at her words. "Katarina, of course I trust you." He said in a stunned whisper. "I only do not wish to cause you too much undo distress due to my own negative emotions. You have undergone enough on my account." Spock moved to wipe away Kat's tears, gazing into her eyes as she gazed back at him. Kat grabbed his hand. "Remember what we told each other...at the altar where we married and then again when we underwent the bonding ceremony?" She asked, a sad smile on her face as she softly moved her fingers to form the Vulcan kiss. Spock instantly moved his fingers to return the kiss. "Of course I do." He smiled slightly despite himself. Kat nestled her head against his chest. "Then let me be here for you, "even in your darkest hours"." She whispered, quoting a section from their marriage vows. "Like you did when your Mother died and...and when I was still having my nightmares." Kat pressed her lips together, breaking the Vulcan kiss to touch the still glowing Vokaya pendant she was still wearing. Heaving a long drawn out sigh as his eyes fell upon his Mother's beloved necklace, Spock lowered his head back into the soft warm curve formed between Kat's neck and shoulder, breathing in the soft scent of her skin as he continued to struggle against his emotions for a moment. Then a single tear slipped from his eye and feeling the moistness on her shoulder, Kat pulled him close to her again rubbing slow small circles on her husband's back as she felt him tremble slightly against her body. For a long while they laid together like that, basking in each other's comfort and warmth until at last the tears ceased and they began to fall into a deep restful sleep. Suddenly a loud shrill noise sounded from the nearby table causing the both of them to startle back awake. Frowning warily, Spock reluctantly pulled away from his wife's embrace and reached to answer the call on his COMM while Kat checked to make sure the noise hadn't woken their son. "This is Commander Spock." Spock spoke in a quiet clear voice that gave no hint to his earlier emotional state. "Spock, I'm sorry to call you at this hour, but there's been an emergency situation and I need the whole main crew to report for duty immediately." Frowning at the urgency he heard in the Captain's voice, Spock glanced over his shoulder to where Grey lay fast asleep before responding to the order. "Understood. I will be there." He said calmly "Spock. I need Kat to report in too. This lady speaks a language no one here is familiar with and she's in so much distress the translator can hardly pick up everything she's saying. I've already sent someone to look after Grey for you guys." Jim added in with a knowing tone to his face. Spock sighed and turned to meet Kat's slightly curious and more worried expression briefly. "Very well Captain. We will report in no less than five minutes time." He disconnected the call and turned fully to meet his wife's gaze. "What is it?" She asked calmly though Spock knew she picked up on the nature of the call through his responses to the caller. "That was the Captain. Something dire has happened and he needs both of us to report to him for duty immediately." He said quietly, already getting up and reaching for the shirt he had left draped over a chair. In response, Kat instinctively turned in the direction of the smaller bed where their son was and Spock could percieve immediately what she was thinking. "But Grey..." She said frowning with worry. Spock nodded in understanding. "I know, but Jim said the matter was urgent. He is sending someone to look after Grey until we return." He gazed upon his wife some uncertainty as to her response to the order they both were given. Finally an expression of light frustration crossed her face as Kat reluctantly turned away from their son and threw her legs over the side of the bed. "This had better be good then." She grumbled, reluctantly pushing the sheets away. Spock nodded and pulled the shirt on over his head. "My sentiments exactly." ...
(This is probably one of the fastest I've ever updated, but I suddenly got a bunch of ideas for the next part and as those of you who engage in writing know, if you don't write down your ideas right then and now you'll most likely lose them. Anyway I hope you enjoy though this is kind of an intense chapter. I own nothing but my OC.) ... "Any idea who she is? Where she came from?" Jim asked carefully as he stood next to a worried Commodore Paris watching as the strange alien woman continued to speak frantically from inside the language analyzer. Commodore Paris shook her head. "No. She speaks a language no one has spoken in centuries, Captain Kirk and besides that she is blubbering so much the analyzer can't get a proper reading on her dialect." She sighed just as the doors behind them wooshed open and closed. Jim turned at the sound and nodded relieved when he saw his sister and First Officer quickly approaching. "Captain what is the situation?" Spock asked quickly yet calmly as his sharp dark eyes fell quickly over the young woman before them. Sighing Jim gestured with his head at the subject of their unplanned call to duty. "This woman flew into Yorktown less 0100 hours ago in a damaged space shuttle. She speaks an archiac language that no one's heard and the analyzer can't keep up with her panicked rambling." He spoke softly turning his attention to Kat though she was already studying the strange woman with an expression akin to concern and wariness. "Archiac is right. We briefly touched on this language in one of my introductory Historical Alien Cultures courses back at the academy, but it's not a language most people around today would know." She turned to meet her brother's gaze. Jim furrowed his brows at her statement. "So do you think you can talk to her? At least get her to calm down so that the language analyzer can get a complete reading on what she's saying." He asked quietly. Spock turned to follow his Captain's gaze on his wife as she licked her lips before slowing nodding her head. "I'll try." She looked to the Commodore who nodded her approval before walking closer towards language analyzer where the woman still stood. Getting within a foot distance from her, Katarina stopped walking and looked up at the frantic woman before her seeing her obvious distress and hoping that she would soon her notice her presence. A few long moments later, the alien woman's gaze finally fell upon the Ambassador and for the first time since she arrived at Yorktown, she stopped speaking. Hoping to ease her into conversation, Kat smiled warmly at the woman and leaned towards the speakers on the language analyzer as she spoke knowing it would pick up her basic and translate it to the woman inside. "Everything's okay. Whatever's happened, you're safe now. I'm Katarina Kirk from Starfleet Enterprise. What's your name?" She asked softly, determined to keep the woman in a state of calm. For a long moment, the alien woman did not answer then her shoulders slumped slightly as if her guard were slowly coming down and she spoke in an equally soft tone. "Kalara. My name is Kalara." She said slowly with a hint of distrust in her voice. Kat nodded encouragingly at her as the language analyzer picked up her words and translated them. "I was told by my Captain that you arrived here in a totaled shuttle Kalara. Were you attacked? Were you traveling with anyone who might be hurt or stranded?" Kat asked, hoping the woman would continue to cooperate. This time the woman averted her gaze and turned away making Kat's hopes fall slightly. "She seems unwilling to divulge more information." Spock observed quietly as Kat waited patiently for the woman to look at her again. Jim glanced at him and sighed. "You and I both know, Kat is one of the best Intergalactic Relations Specialist Starfleet has ever reared. She'll find a way to get through." Jim retorted quietly, returning his attention to the two women in front of him. Kat took a step closer towards the podium. "Kalara, my Captain and I want to help you." She spoke the first phrase shakily in Kalara's language hoping it would make her feel more comfortable. "I know you're afraid, but if you have comrades who need help you need to tell us everything you know. I promise my crew will do all it can, but we can't do a thing unless we know what's happened. Please." She pleaded, digging her fingernails into the palms of her hands as she waited for Kalara to answer her. Finally after what seemed like an eternity, Kalara returned her focus to the Ambassador. "We were on a science mission inside the Nebula." She began to explain maintaining eye contact with Kat. Kat nodded patiently as the translator worked simultaneously with her. "Our ship suffered a...critical malfunction. I took an escape pod...before the ship crashed on a nearby planet." Kalara continued. A frowned creased Kat's expression as she listened now understanding completely why this woman had been so frantic earlier. "You think your crew survived the crash?" She asked quietly. Kalara nodded her head. "We need a ship capable of navigating the nebula." She continued, taking a step towards Kat before finishing. "Surely Katarina, your Captain must know someone...who can help us." A deep drawn out sigh resonated through Kat's body as she took in Kalara's words. Turning, she looked to where her brother and husband stood with the Commodore knowing they had heard everything Kalara said as well. "We'll do what we can." Jim spoke, causing Kalara to look in his direction. "For now try to relax. I'll get my crew together so we can find your friends as soon as possible." Kalara nodded her head, exhaling deeply as if she were finally feeling relieved. "Thank you Captain." The analyzer translated her response and Jim nodded before motioning to Kat and Spock to follow him. "Captain, might I have a word with you in the communications tower?" Commodore Paris asked as the young Captain was about to leave the area with Kat and Spock on his heels. Noting the expression on her face, Jim nodded his head. "Of course Commodore. I will be there in less than five minutes." He promised. The Commodore nodded back in return and turned to speak to one of the crew staff members working in the detainment chamber. "Captain by the resolve in your expression and the response you gave the subject inside, I surmise that you have decided to search for Kalara's crew within the nebula." Spock spoke in his usual analyzing tone. Jim spared him a glance. "The Enterprise the best ship the fleet's got at the moment. It's the only vessel that can possibly make it to the nebula and back. Of course we're going to go. Besides if what she said is true, we'll need to get to her crew as soon as possible. Can you alert the rest of the crew of the emergency situation? We leave immediately." The Captain asked, looking back at his first officer for confirmation to his order. Without hesitation Spock nodded his head. "Yes Captain." Jim nodded back. "Captain." Kat spoke up for the first time since leaving the detainment chamber and both men turned to face her. "We can't leave Grey here. He knows nobody in Yorktown aside from us and the rest of the crew and he'll be frightened if Spock and I try to leave him." She said steadily yet with a hint of worry in her voice since she knew it would be risky to bring her son along on this mission. No one had ever gone into the Nebula before and who knew what dangers lurked in those uncharted quarters? However Kat knew that leaving Greysam behind in a place not his home with people he didn't trust was out of the question and she hoped that Jim would understand what she was asking without her having to say the words. Thinking for barely a minute, Jim nodded his head at at his sister. "Of course we can't leave Grey. Keep him with you at all times though. There's no telling what will happen on this mission." He ordered softly. Kat nodded and looked to Spock who gave her a mostly unreadable look in response. "Thank you Jim." "All right. Now let's move. I'll meet you guys on the bridge." Jim gave his final command and both Spock and Kat nodded in reply before the three of them parted ways. Kat turned to look at Spock as the reached the lift, but he did not speak until they reached their room. "Get our things together quickly. I will send a crew wide alert and relay the Captain's order for everyone to report immediately to the Enterprise." Spock instructed quietly as they re-entered the spacious room together. Nodding her head, Kat hurried to grab the small bag they had brought mainly to carry Greysam's belongings, grabbing up a PADD from the bedside table before shoving it inside. As she rushed past Spock to grab his and her spare officer's jackets and Greysam's clothes from the previous day out of the closet, she noticed a pecuiliar expression on her husband's face and paused in her frantic packing. "You okay?" She asked softly, pausing with one hand on the panel that would open the wardrobe. Looking up to meet her gaze, Spock nodded reassuringly at her. "I am perfectly well. I am just...thinking on a few matters." He said quietly. Letting Grey's bag drop to the floor, Kat took three long strides across the slightly narrower area of the room till she was standing directly in front of Spock. "Thinking about what?" She asked, putting her hand on his face to get him to look at her. Spock sighed and shook his head, gazing at his wife with a slightly sad look in his eyes. "I realize we have no choice, but to bring him now. However I cannot help, but worry for the well being of our son. The Nebula will not be like the other star systems we have previously journeyed to. We could very well be placing him in more danger by bringing him with us." He confessed. Kat sighed and moved to sit next to him on the small narrow bench letting her hand slide to his shoulder. "I know. I'm scared too, but you know we can't leave him here. Besides Greysam won't always be traveling with us. We agreed that once the five year mission was over that I would be resigning from my post on the Enterprise and returning to earth with Grey so that he can start school and I can raise him in a more stable environment. Remember?" She smiled slightly, rubbing Spock's shoulder in a comforting manner. Spock nodded. "Yes, but I have not yet had a chance to speak with the Captain on the matter. As the events of the past hours have proved, he greatly values your contribution to the crew." He said sincerely. Kat shrugged and turned to where Grey still laying sleeping across the room. "We can try to pull him aside after we get back from the Nebula. He'll understand that I'm doing it for Grey. Besides it's not like I'm removing myself completely from Starfleet after this last mission." She smiled and stood from the bench, pressing a quick kiss the side of Spock's head as she moved to finish packing. "Now come on! It will never do for the Commander to be the last one to the bridge on an emergency mission." She said with a half smile hoping to lift her husband's spirits a little. Nodding his head at her, Spock rose and moved quickly across the room. "That would be most inappropriate." He said in a tone that was mostly serious and devoid of the earlier emotion he had displayed though Kat heard a hint of sarcasm in his voice. Smirking, she set the now fully packed bag down by the entrance and moved to quickly remake the bed as Spock quickly retrieved their still sleeping son carefully from the light protection of the covers. ... "Do you want me to take him now?" Kat asked Spock quietly as they entered the Enterprise turbo lift together, Greysam still sleeping in Spock's arms. Spock turned softly to meet his gaze. "I will hold him until we reach the bridge. He will most likely wake if he is moved." He told her reassuringly. Kat started to nod, knowing Spock was right as she stared worriedly at the peaceful look on her child's face. She hoped that nothing would go too wrong during this rescue mission. The past small missions the Enterprise had taken on during the past three years in space were nothing compared to what the crew had gone through during the manhunt for Khan or even during Nero's terrible attack on the federation. Grey had never known the true horrors of space and Kat prayed fervently to whoever would listen that he never would. At least not until he was old enough to apply as a Cadet to the Academy. "Oh! Mr. Spock. Ms. Kirk." Jim quickly acknowledged his First Officer and CIR as he entered the turbo lift with them. "Captain." Spock returned the formal greeting with equal formality. "Captain Kirk." Katarina echoed from beside him as Jim hit the combination that would send them to the bridge. "You know I'm actually glad to run into you guys in here. There's something I'd like to discuss with the two of you." Jim said quietly in an uncharacteristically low voice. Spock and Kat exchanged brief glances with each other. "Captain, we as well have something we'd like to discuss with you. Perhaps we could meet privately at the conclusion of this mission?" Spock proposed noting as well the slight sadness in his Captain's expression. Nodding his head, Jim turned to face forward again and the tiny moving chamber soon fell silent except for the soft buzzing of the lift. "We...we make a good team right Spock? You, me...and occasionally her." Jim added with a bit of teasing at the end. Kat rolled her eyes though she could hear the true sincerity behind her younger brother's jest. "Yes I believe we do." Spock responded, raising an eyebrow slightly as if unsure of where Jim was going with this. Jim started to speak again when the doors hissed open signalling that they had reached the bridge. Still holding his son, Spock gestured for Jim to exit the lift first. Shaking his head, Jim motioned with his arm. "I insist." He glanced affectionately at Grey for a brief moment. Nodding in compliance, Spock stepped quickly from the turbo lift, gently moving to place Grey into Kat's arms as they reached his place on the bridge. Grey stirred as Kat tried to ease him into a comfortable position in her arms. "Shh shh shh." She tried to soothe him when a soft whimper slipped through his lips. Giving Spock a reassuring look, Kat turned to carry her son to her own station, gently patting his back to ease him back to sleep as Uhura looked up at her from her station. "Still sleeping?" She asked in a whisper and Kat nodded, smiling a bit as she turned the back pats into rubs. "Yeah." She whispered back looking at her station and hesitating as she looked at the seat where she had always sat since recieving her commission to serve as both Ambassador and Communications Expert for the Enterprise. Looking at her son again, she quickly came to a decision and addressed Uhura once more. "Lieutenant Uhura, would you mind switching places with me?" Looking up from her station, Uhura gave her former Instructor and Superior Officer a look of surprise before understanding dawned on her and she nodded her head. "Of course Ambassador Kirk." Smiling, Uhura rose from her spot and moved to sit in the Chief's seat, glancing back over as Kat took the spot she previously occupied. "Kat." Sulu's low yet clearly audible voice sounded in her ear as Kat tried to settle herself with Grey in the assistant's position. Turning, she smiled when she saw that the Helmsman had brought one of the thin blankets the crew kept in the small living quarters of the ship. "Thought he might need it." Sulu nodded at Grey before draping the blanket over the boy's small form. Tucking the blanket more securely around his shoulders, Kat nodded gratefully at him. "Thank you Mr. Sulu." Sulu nodded back. "No problem." "All right, uh...Lieutenant Uhura open a shipwide channel." Jim ordered from his spot in the Captain's chair, noticing quickly that the Lieutenant was sitting in the head position. Uhura nodded in compliance. "Yes Captain." She quickly made the appropriate connections with the monitor before her. Kat smiled approvingly as she watched her. Uhura was more than capable at her position and would make an excellent replacement for her once she left the crew to be a full-time Mother. Knowing that made her feel a little better about her decision to leave though she still dreaded having to break the news to her brother. "Attention crew of the Enterprise." Jim began to speak, gaining the attention of everyone on the bridge and elsewhere on the ship. "Our mission today is straight forward. Rescue a crew stranded on a planet in uncharted space. Our trajectory will take us through an unstable Nebula. One which will disable all communication with Starfleet. We're going to be on our own." Jim said steadily with the confidence and authority of a Captain. Kat took a deep breath just as she sensed sudden fidgeting movement nearby. Turning and looking past Uhura, Kat saw that Kalara was standing near her station and wondered briefly why she had never noticed her. "The Enterprise has something no other ship in the fleet has." Jim continued as Kalara sensing that someone was watching her briefly turned to make eye contact with Kat before facing foward again. "You. And as we've come to understand there is no such thing as the unknown. Only the temporarily hidden. Kirk out." Kim ended the broadcast just as the ship began to enter the Nebula before them. Kat gasped and clutched Grey closer to herself as the Enterprise began to shake under the pressure of the Nebula. Loud booming sounds that sounded similar to thunder echoed through the window and again Grey stirred and whimpered in his sleep. Suddenly Kalara began speaking rapidly again in her own lost language, her eyes glued to the unknown mass of space before her as the ship carefully began to make its way in. Looking back at her, Kat stood and carefully laid Grey down in her chair as comfortably as she could make him. "Kalara," She addressed the alien woman again and Kalara turned almost instantly to face her. Listening to the translator that the crew at Yorktown had given her to wear, Kat realized she was growing nervous as they drew the place where her crew had gone down. "It's going to be okay. We'll find your crew." She said as reassuringly as possible, reaching to touch her arm in a comforting manner. Looking down at the touch Kalara pursed her lips together and faced front again. Mimicking her movements, Kat tried again to speak to the strange woman at her side. "Where in the Nebula did you see your ship go down?" She asked. "Is it far?" She spoke the second question in Kalara's language again though she sensed spoke her second syllable wrong. Kalara pointed to the large window where a large planet quickly came into view. "There. That is Altamid. My ship was stranded here." She said, turning to look at Jim who nodded before giving the next order. "Mr. Sulu make preparations to land on Altamid. Spock run a scan of the planet. I want to know exactly what's down there." "Yes Sir." Sulu complied. "At once." Spock echoed, already working hard at his station. Kalara turned to meet Kat's eyes then and Kat smiled back, removing her hand as readings came up on Spock's monitors. "Approaching Altamid. Class M Planet. Massive subterranean development, but limited to no life forms on the surface." Spock reported calmly, his brow furrowing as he read over the rest of the report. "Proximity alert Sir!" Chekov suddenly exclaimed from his station, flipping a switch. "We have an unknown ship heading right for us." Kat's eyes widened at that as the alert grew steadily louder. Calmly, Jim turned to address Uhura. "Lieutenant Uhura hail them." "Yes Captain." Uhura quickly complied though when her attempt to make contact with the foreign vessel came up null she frowned. "Something wrong, Lieutenant?" Kat asked, leaving Kalara's side and quickly crossing back across the bridge to check over Uhura's monitor. Uhura shook her head. "It says that connection was successful, but I am getting no response of any kind." She responded. Bending over the monitor, Kat quickly keyed in a different combination, reaching to flick a couple switches over her head. "Captain, we're still getting no response. Judging by the frequency I'm seeing here though we are picking up some kind of signal, but I don't..." Kat started and trailed off as she realized what was happening. "Ambassador Kirk?" Uhura addressed her after a moment just as a low, hitch pitched squeaking sound began filter through the walls of the ship. "Oh my God..." Kat's eyes widened as she straightened to a standing position. "They're jamming us." She turned to meet Jim's gaze. Standing to his feet, Jim marched up closer to the helm. "Magnify, Mr. Sulu." He ordered. Spock and Kat both stood and turned simulataneously to face in the same direction of the Captain just as the viewscreen displayed a strange mass of glowing black metallic shapes. "What is this?" Jim turned, directing the question at Kalara who looked at him blankly. "Captain I'm picking up hostile signals from whatever is approaching us." Sulu suddenly reported. Jim flew around on his heel to dash back to the Captain's seat. "Shields up! Red alert!" He ordered, the siren starting half a second after he gave the command. The sound was broken only by the sound of a child's cry. Jumping instantly back into their positions, the crew acted quickly to take up defensive manuevers while Kat immediately moved to attend to her now awake and frightened son. Suddenly the large formless ship exploded into a swarm of tiny attack vessels, which each attacked the Enterprise with a fury yet unseen. "Fire at will!" Jim shouted over the roar of the battle and wailing of the siren. "Aye Sir!" Chekov piped up as he hit the appropriate controls. Kat looked up from her seat when she felt Spock's shadow suddenly fall over her. "Kat, you must take Grey and abandon the ship now! Get into an escape pod before it is too late!" He tried to order her. Kat stared to respond when the ship took a severe hit and jolted sharply to the left. "Sir our phasers are having minimal effect and our torpedos can't track their movements!" Chekov cried desperately from the helm. Jim set his jaw stubbornly. "Fire everything we've got." He ordered. "Captain, we are not equipped for this level of engagement!" Spock retorted, momentarily forgetting about Kat and their son as the ship continued to rock under heavy damage. "Are the shields up, Mr. Chekov?" Jim asked over the deafening noise of the battle. "Ah yes Sir! But our shield frequencies are having no effect against this level of attack!" The young navigator responded back looking more frantic than anyone had ever seen him before. "He's right Sir! They just took out the dish! The shields are inoperable!" Sulu chimed in with equal desperation. Jim heaved a sigh then turned to stride quickly back to the Captain's chair. "Warp us out of here Mr. Sulu." He gaze touched briefly on Kat and Spock the later of whom was still trying to convince the former to evacuate while the child continued to scream between them. "Yes Sir!" Sulu grabbed immediately for the warp switch and pulled on it as hard as his arm would go. When the ship did not move from its current position, Jim returned his attention to his Helmsman. "Why the h*** aren't we moving?" He demanded. Sulu looked beyond frustrated at his controls. "I can't engage the warp core Sir!" He tugged uselessly on the warp switch again. Thinking quickly, Jim bent to contact the Engineering deck. "Scotty I need warp now!" He shouted the words. "Sorry Captain, but the warp is gone Sir! The ship is dead!" Scotty screamed back. "Kat! Please go now! I promise I will find you!" Spock's urgency grew as he resorting to physically manuevering his wife and child towards the turbo lift. Looking from her still crying son to the frantic crew and damage happening all around her, Kat finally reluctantly gave in and leaned quickly to give her husband a final kiss. "I love you!" She spoke through a voice choked with tears and Spock nodded his head briskly. "I love you too. Now go!" He urged. With a final nod, Kat dashed for the turbo lift and quickly shut herself and Grey in just as she heard Jim give the ship wide evacuation order. Frantically keying in the combination that would send them to the escape pod hanger, Kat desperately clutched at her son, her tears mingling with his as the ship that held them seemingly on its last leg crumbled around them. ... "I don't understand you!..Why the h*** didn't you leave with your wife and kid?" Bones snapped as he and Spock waited impatiently for the turbo lift to take them to the main corridors of the Enterprise, the Vulcan armed with a phaser and the Doctor with what few of his medical supplies he managed to bring with him to the bridge. Spock gave Bones a sidelong look. "It is imperative that I do what I can to hold off our attackers so that Kat and my son may escape, Doctor. As I have told her, I will make it my prime objective to locate them once we have abandoned the ship." Spock spoke, much too calmly in the Doctor's mind given the current situations. "I am never going to understand what goes on in that Vulcan mind of yours." Bones muttered as the doors hissed open. Aiming his phaser out, Spock checked quickly to make sure no adversaries were waiting to ambush them, then motioned for Bones to follow him out into the corridor where the many bodies of their crew mates lay littered around the floor. Bones moved quickly to check each person over for signs of life while Spock continued to hold his weapon at the ready. "My God..." Bones blanched as he ran a quick scan over one of the bodies who was still moving. The young man before him gazed at him with a fear and pain Bones had never before yet witnessed in all his time as an Intergalactic Physician. Heck, he'd never seen injuries like this before now. What the h*** was happening? Suddenly the man went completely and horribly still and Bones felt his stomach twist into a knot inside of him. "Doctor, I will go ahead and survey the rest of the area. Do what you can for the survivors." Spock ordered primly before cocking his phaser and jogging further down the corridor. Bones barely glanced up at him before sighing and closing up scanner and moving on to next patient. "What what else am I going to do?" He muttered to himself. ... Hearing a noise clearly indicating movement in the vault area of the ship, Spock appropriately slowed his pace and carefully hid himself behind a wall as he came up upon a group of strange creatures resembling Kalara who were all gathered around the place where he had placed the power disc the Tanexis had rejected not a day ago. His sharp Vulcan eyes quickly counted each person present in the vault and he quickly came to the obvious conclusion that he would not be able to take out everyone on his own without being killed or injured himself. Therefore, he resorted to remaining in hiding and listened to see if he could learn anything of their adversaries' motives as they gathered around the leader who carefully lifted out the seemingly old and debilitated disc from inside its hold. Smiling, the strange man peered at the object as if it were the most precious and beautiful jewel in the known galaxies. He began to speak then in the same unknown language that Kalara had spoken, but in a deeper more masculine voice tucking the artifact into a pouch in his armor. Then before Spock could turn to sneak away, the creature turned and made eye contact with him, drawing a weapon of his own from his belt and firing it barely missing Spock's head by a hair's breadth. Catching his breath, Spock turned and immediately sprinted back down the way he came, grabbing and activatng his COMM as he ran. "Captain!" He gasped as the rest of the intruder's crew began to pursue him and shots from their weapons whizzed dangerously close to his body. "Go Spock!" Jim answered immediately. "What you got for me?" "I have identified the individual who seems to be leading the attack party!" Spock paused to fire back at his pursuers before continuing to run. "He infiltrated the archive vault and removed the artifact from our mission on Tanex!" He dodged as another shot nearly took out his right ear. "Well hold your distance until...!" Jim's response started to come in when another bolt from the energy's weapons hit Spock's COMM disabling it as it went flying out of his hand. Not pausing, Spock continued to run, being careful not lose his way since he knew the Doctor would still be looking over the injured and would soon be in peril of his own life. "Doctor!" Spock shouted to get Bones' attention as he scurried into the corridor where Bones was knelt over another severely injured crew member. Bones whipped his head up at him as the Vulcan turned and shot another three bolts back at his attackers. "Doctor we must evacuate now!" Spock ordered, making sure to keep Bones covered as the Doctor, quickly noticing their pursuers frantically moved to pack up his things. "Don't have to tell me twice!" He snapped running faster than he ever had before towards the escape pod bay with Spock hot on his heels. Just as they reached the turbo lift another volley of phaser shots whizzed above their heads, hitting the controls for the lift instead and rendering the transporter completely useless. Spock barely suppressed a scream as something tore into his abdomen, but he had no time to concern himself with his wound. "Well that's just great. How are we going to get out now?" Bones wondered aloud, staring at the remains of the turbo lift as if angry with it. Forcing himself to ignore his pain, Spock motioned for the Doctor follow him down another corridor. "On my way back to you Doctor, I located a shuttle most likely to have been used by one of the intruders to infiltrate the Enterprise. We may be able to use it to escape!" Spock responded, looking to Bones to see if he was following the suggestion. Bones huffed just as another shot nearly incapacitated them. "Let's go!" Quickly Spock dashed down the corridor, making sure to fire back at their attackers periodically as they ran frantically to find a way of escape. Finally they reached the end of the corridor which ended at one of the emergency exits of the ship. Spotting the lone shuttle, Bones and Spock immediately made a run for it, forcing open the hatch. After checking to make sure the shuttle was truly abandoned, Spock and Bones quickly jumped inside and closed themselves in. Growing more frantic as shots continued to be fired around the shuttle, Bones crawled quickly over to the controls and desperately began flipping switches hoping one of them would start the shuttle. Suddenly the shuttle jolted forward bolting out of the emergency hatch with such force that it threw both Spock and Bones backward into a wall. Quickly regaining his bearings, Bones moved back to the controls and slowly took hold of what he guessed was the steering control as Spock slumped exhaustedly to the floor. As gunfire slowed nearly to a stop, the Doctor let out a breath of air he hadn't realized he had been holding till now and looked up towards the one window in the shuttle where the remains of the Enterprise was visible. "My God..." He blanched upon seeing the flying swarm that had attacked them intially swooping in on the escape pods as they were jettisoned from the ship. "Spock! They're taking the crew!" He exclaimed. Hearing the horror in his voice, Spock carefully forced himself into an upright position and peered up at the window, his heart dropping to his feet when he saw that the Doctor was right. Kat!...Grey!... ...
(New update! I hope you enjoy and I also hope that I didn't make Kat look weak or stupid in this chapter. I knew I had to make sure she ended up staying behind as a prisoner, but it was really hard to come up with a good enough compelling reason for her to send Grey off without her. In the end this is the best I could come up with so I hope you like it. If she does come across as a weak stupid damsel here, then I'm so sorry. Hehe I own nothing but my OC.) ... Uurgh Cripers, what the heck just happened? Where am...Kat started and trailed off when she regained full consciousness and became suddenly aware of a pair of small hands roughly patting down her torso as a strange structure outside the port window of the pod above her came into focus. "Mommy?...Mommy? Wake up!" Greysam's cries rang into her ears and as the memory of the sudden attack on the Enterprise returned to her, Kat quickly hit the release switch on her restraints and sat up to gather her frightened child close to her. "Oh Grey!...Shh! Shh! Grey, everything's okay! We're going to be okay!" She tried to comfort him though she had little idea about where they were or what had happened to the rest of the crew. Looking up at the window again, Kat moved slowly to try and push open the door of the pod. Before she could get her fingers around the handle however, the door suddenly lifted away revealing a strange looking creature wearing battle armor and wielding an electro-spear in one claw like hand. Kat blanched when she recognized the creature's form. He looks...just like Kalara!...Could it be?...She wondered, slowly coming to her feet with Greysam in her arms as the creature spoke harshly in the same archaic language that Kalara spoke in, gesturing with his weapon for them to come out. Slowly Kat complied, not taking her eyes off of the man who was speaking to her as she stepped slowly from the remains of the escape pod. "Are you a member of Kalara's crew? My crew and I were en route to rescue you when we were suddenly attacked. Is everyone all right?" She asked, rubbing soothing circles on her son's back to calm him down. The creature coldly smiled at the question and let out an eerie sounding chuckle before prodding her with the tip of his spear causing a searing pain in her side which made her cry out. "Move!" The creature barked, jabbing towards her with his weapon again. Instinctively, Kat stumbled away turning her body so that she could protect Grey from being hit, only to come face to face with a long line comprised of men and women in blue, red and yellow Starfleet uniforms. "Oh my God..." Kat felt the rest of the blood drain from her face as she recognized her crew mates, saw how they were being herded roughly into separate containment cells and realized what was happening. There was no lost crew stranded here. No one was in need of rescue and recovery from the Nebula zone except for her, Greysam and whatever remained of the Enterprise crew. It had all been a lie. A trap. They were all prisoners now of Kalara's crew. "Where is the Captain?" A new deeper, gruffer and more terrifying voice suddenly boomed across the vast chamber, causing Kat to turn just as a second man only slightly larger than the one who had prodded her appeared from a dark entryway just behind the pod. "We are still looking for him and the Commander, Krall." Kat's Captor responded in the alien language. Surprised to hear the leader speaking basic, Kat summoned up her courage and addressed him. "How do you know our language?" The second figure inclined his head to make eye contact with her. "I...know your kind!" He snapped, speaking the words as if they were extremely difficult or painful to say. Greysam buried his head in Kat's shoulder and she tightened her protective embrace around him as the creature approached her. "My name is Ambassador Katarina Kirk of the U.S.S. Enterprise and you Sir, have committed an act of war against the Federation." Kat spoke clearly and distinctly. "Federation!" The creature suddenly exploded, spitting on the ground as he glowered at the woman before him. "Federation...is an act of war!" He growled. Kat felt her eyes narrow despite how afraid she was of this man. "You attacked us. You sent Kalara to lure us into your trap. For what?" She demanded. The alien man took a deep haggard breath. "For freedom...for the end of the Federation!" He huffed, sending a chill down Kat's spine as he towered over her. Greysam slowly turned his head to look at him. "Tell me Ambassador Kirk...it is not coincidence that you share your Captain's name..is it not?" The creature asked, looking down and reaching a claw towards the back of Grey. Kat instantly backed away, turning to place her body as a shield for her son. "Don't touch him!" She hissed in as menacing a voice as she could manage. The creature turned towards his subordinate who without hesitation jabbed Kat with his spear again. Crying out with the pain that seared through her whole midsection, Kat stumbled to her knees, nearly losing her grip on her son as the pain puttered out to a stinging sensation. "Mommy!" Greysam cried out at hearing her scream as they both hit the ground. Before Kat could reassure him, the boy slipped quickly out of her arms and ran to attack the creature who was still holding his spear, crying out in a raw, rage-filled way that would have sent shivers down any decent person's spine upon hearing it. "Grey! No!" Kat tried frantically to stop her son, but the creature acted first, striking the boy cleanly behind his ear and knocking him senseless to the ground. Another cry erupted from Kat's throat as she heard the sickening sound of her child's body hitting the floor. Frantically she scurried to his side, throwing her body over him just as Krall stopped his attacker from dealing another blow. Laying her ear against his chest, Kat breathed in relief when she heard his heart beat. "You Monster!" She spat at her son's attacker, carefully picking up his unconscious form from the ground and cradling him protectively against her. Krall merely smirked at her ferocity as if finding glee in her pain. "The Captain is my brother..." Kat continued, breathing heavily as she attempted to get her emotions under control. "...and if he somehow made it off the ship, he will come for us...and then you can rest assured you will pay dearly for what you have done today, Krall." She threatened, remembering the name the creature had been addressed by earlier. Sneering in response to her bravado, Krall closed in on the Ambassador, leaning so close that his foul breath hit Kat straight in the face. "Oh...I am counting on that Ambassador Kirk." He smirked, releasing his grip and shoving her roughly towards the end of the long line of prisoners. "Put her with the others!" Krall ordered speaking in the alien language again to his associate. Kat gasped when she felt the electro spear sting her back. Keeping her arms wrapped securely around Grey, Kat shook off the pain and quickly stumbled off after the others, scanning over them as far as she could see for a familiar face. Oh Spock...Kat bit down on her lip and looked back at Grey, feeling a tear leak down her cheek as she checked the bruised area on the side of his head. Wherever you and Jim are, please be safe...please find us soon! ... "Ugh!...Oh I can't believe this!" Bones grumbled as he struggled to pull himself out of the remains of their stolen shuttle. There seemed to be nothing around for miles and miles except for stone and scant traces of water. No sign of other life or of the rest of the crew. Remembering what he had witnessed earlier, Bones grimaced and with a final effort threw himself out of the shuttle and into the stream directly below, turning sharply back around when he heard an agonized grunt. "My God! Spock!" Bones rushed back to the pod and scrambled to help the injured Vulcan out without jarring the jagged piece of metal that was lodged into his abdomen. Breathing painfully, Spock leaned gratefully against the Doctor's shoulder, stumbling a little when his foot slid on a loose stone. "Whoa! Easy! Easy!...Let's get you to sit down over here." Bones tried to be reassuring as he carefully helped his crewmate over to sit on one of the wings of the shuttle which had broken on impact and was now lying mostly flat on the rocky ground. Breathing shallowly with the steadily increasing pain in his middle, Spock collapsed weakly against the remains of their vessel, shutting his eyes as Bones knelt quickly by his side to check the extent of his injury. "Okay...okay now just try to relax. You're going to be okay." Bones muttered as he took note of how much blood was staining Spock's uniform and still dripping off of his side. "The forced optimism in your voice suggests that you are trying to ilicit a sense of calm in order to remedy-." "Yeah cut the horse-s*** Spock." Bones cut the Vulcan off mid ramble, frowning at how serious Spock's wound was. It was safe to assume with how much blood there was that the wound was deep and given what he knew about Vulcan anatomy and where the piece of metal had pierced him, Bones knew if he didn't do something fast, Spock would die. "Doctor? I fail to see how excrement of any kind bears any relevance on our current situation." Spock responded, a reprimanding tone mixing with the obvious pain in his voice. Bones started to roll his eyes at the comment when Spock suddenly clutched on to his shoulder and attempted to sit back up. "Whoa! Whoa! Spock! What the h*** do you think you're doing?!" The Doctor exclaimed, placing his hand on the Vulcan's chest to stop him from getting up. "Katarina and Greysam may be in peril of their lives Doctor! We must keep moving!" Spock groaned as he continued to struggle. "Spock! You're the one in peril of your life right now! This thing has pierced your abdominal region!" Bones protested, as his crewmate slowly lost the fight against him. "Time is a critical factor." Spock breathed laboriously, finally collapsing back against the shuttle. "That's exactly what I'm trying to tell you, you green blooded hardhead! Look if I can't take this out, you're going to die! Okay? If I take it out and then can't stop bleeding, you're going to die." Bones snapped, losing his patience as he bent once more to check over the wound and survey his severely limited options for treatment. Spock took another breath. "I can see no appeal in either option." He stated calmly, or as calmly as he might given the amount of pain he was in. Bones shook his head. "Yeah well believe it or not, neither can I. Hold still for a moment." He ordered before getting up to check the inside of the shuttle for his medical supplies. D*** it!..Bones's frowned deepened when he saw that his scanner was smashed to bits and whatever medicines he had packed in his small emergency pouch had turned into useless puddles and stains all over the interior of the shuttle. Well, all except for one small sample of pain suppressant. Not enough to take care of what he's got, but better than nothing. Bones grimaced, taking the hypo anyway and grabbing up a busted phaser and another broken piece of metal before hurrying back to Spock's side. "So...if I remember correctly, Vulcans have their hearts where humans have their livers. Is that true of you?" Bones asked, setting his tools down as Spock's eyes fluttered open again. "You assume correct, Doctor." He gasped again and Bones quickly set to work. "All right, well in that case you're one lucky Vulcan. If that thing had hit you a little more to the left, you'd be dead already...how's your pain level?" He asked, grabbing a good sized stone with his right hand and smashing it against the safety on the phaser. If he could break it off just enough for the laser to shoot freely, maybe he could use it to heat up his only and poor excuse of a medical tool and cauterize Spock's wound after he dislodged the foreign object. "Continuing to increase at a steady rate, Doctor, but I am still...able to bear it. It is imperative however that you leave me for the present time and locate-." "Okay you know what? I'm sorry I asked!" Bones snapped, falling back a bit when the safety on the phaser finally broke and a few sparks shot up from the broken weapon. Spock turned his head carefully in the direction of the CMO. "Doctor, this is a Class M planet. You must seek out the surviving members of the crew, locate Kat and Greysam and find transport out of the Nebula as soon as possible." He continued to urge as Bones broke away the rest of the safety shield. Bones sighed and rolled his eyes at his words. "Yeah we'll do that after I get you stabilized, all right Spock? You and I both know that Kat will kill me if I leave you here...and quietly frankly so will Jim." He muttered the last part, shaking out the broken phaser and testing it in the air. "I am to blame." Spock said suddenly, drawing Bones attention back to him. "What?" Spock took another slow agonizing breath. "You were right to reprimand me, Doctor. If I had not forced Kat to separate from me to escape from the ship, she and Greysam may yet be safe now...if they have fallen into peril..it is my fault alone." He murmured, a deep frown on his face as he stared seemingly aimlessly up at the sky. Bones shook his head. "No one knew we were going to get attacked, Spock. Let alone that whoever attacked us would start taking people straight out of space! I mean this was supposed to be a search and rescue mission for crying out loud!" He knelt and after testing his grip over the trigger one more time, fired his improvised tool at the long piece of metal he had broken off earlier. "Nobody thought we were going to get annihilated for some...doodad that the tiny people didn't want! This is...for lack of a better word, nuts!" Bones snapped, flinching when the weapon backfired on him. Opening his eyes slightly, Spock moved his gaze back in the direction of the Doctor. "It is unwise to trivialize that which one does not fully understand, Doctor. We can safely assume the attack was based on more than an attempt to secure a doodad." The Vulcan gasped a bit with pain as Bones resumed his work on his makeshift healing tool. "I think you just managed to insult me twice, Spock." He muttered, carefully keeping his grip on the broken phaser. "Anyway, my point is you did what you thought was going to save your family. No one, especially Kat is going to fault for you that." He added softly, taking his fingers off the trigger when the piece of metal in his other hand glowed a searing hot red. Spock only grimaced in response and clutched at a spot directly above where he was punctured as another increase of pain nearly caused him to cry out. Tossing aside the weapon, Bones walked carefully back over to Spock's side taking note again of where the sharp piece of metal was lodged before raising the heated piece at shoulder height. "Okay..." Bones nodded, hovering his free hand over Spock's wound. "Okay, I just got one more question for you, Mr. Spock. What's your favorite color?" He asked, mentally preparing himself for what he was about to do as Spock gave him a confused look. "I fail to see the relevance-." He started to respond until Bones yanked the offending piece of metal out of his body, quickly pressing the searing hot piece to the open wound. "Yeah..." Bones nodded, tossing aside both pieces of metal and wincing at the pain that still crossed the Vulcan's features as his agonized screams died away into heavy labored pants. "They say it hurts less when it's a surprise." He shrugged, checking over Spock's wound again before pulling down his shirt. "If I may adapt a parlance with which you are familiar Doctor, I must confirm your theory to be...horse s***." Spock gasped, flinching at a sudden pinching sensation on his neck. "There. That may not be able to take away the pain completely, but that's all I can do for now. Everything else I brought with me is history unfortunately." Bones sighed as he tossed aside the empty hypo. Spock slowly nodded his head in acknowledgement of the Doctor's words. "Thank you Doctor." He said sincerely just as the sound of drones above caught his attention. "Oh don't thank me yet." Bones muttered, barely suppressing a curse as he recognized the fleet that had attacked the Enterprise. "We got to get out of here before those things realize they missed something." He reached to grab Spock's left arm and pulled it securely over his shoulder. Bracing Spock from behind with his other arm, he carefully yet quickly helped him to a standing position, pausing a moment when Spock stumbled again. "Think you can walk a bit?" Bones asked, concerned when he heard the Vulcan's breathing pick up a little. "I believe so." Spock responded readily already lifting a foot to take a step forward. Nodding, Bones walked with him. "All right then. Let's go." ... "!" Kat jumped when the door to the cell she was being held in was shoved open, letting in seven large hulking figures with the same deformed swollen heads that Krall had. In their claws they each held a fully arrayed meal tray laid out with what appeared to be a small portion of some kind of meat, grains, some unidentifed green vegetables of some kind, a small piece of fruit and a small cup of water. Around her, Sulu, Uhura, Keenser and two other crew members Ensign Syl from the science department and Ensign Korin from engineering, straightened in surprise at the sustenance they were being offered while Kat continued to fix their captors with a cold icy glare, letting them know with her slightly leaned in stance that she would not hesitate to spring on them if they made any move towards her still unconscious son behind her. The jailer standing directly in front of Kat snarled something in his own language before slamming the tray of food down by her feet, spilling some of the water. The others followed his lead, leaving the food with the rest of the prisoners before stalking back out and locking the cell door again. Sulu waited till the sound of their footsteps had receded before letting out the breath he had been holding. "I thought we were hostages to lure the Captain. Why are they giving us a full course meal?" He wondered aloud, looking down at the contents of his tray as he spoke. Keenser shrugged and made a high pitched humming sound in confusion, making no move to pick up the tray that had been placed in front of him. "Maybe they tampered with the food?" Korin guessed, poking at his piece of meat with distrust. Uhura shook her head. "They wouldn't have gone through the trouble of kidnapping us all if they were just going to poison us two minutes later." She reasoned, taking a hesitant bite of her own food first. "It still makes no sense." Still scowling, Kat begrudgingly picked up her tray. "Even if they needed to keep us alive for some purpose, why give us good food? Most hostile groups like them would spare only the barest of sustenance for prisoners if even that." She carefully speared a small piece of the meat and after examining it to make sure it wasn't rotted or smelled of any suspicious substances, slipped it into her mouth. "Ambassador Kirk is right. They're up to something and I think it might have something to do with the artifact we got from Tanex." Syl added quietly, taking a drink of her water. She froze when her other crew mates turned to stare at her. "Why would anyone tear a starship apart and kidnap its crew just for some ancient artifact?" Sulu asked, his brow furrowing as he tried to make sense of it all. Syl averted her gaze and shook her head. "I don't know exactly. The Captain told me..." She started to explain and trailed off when a soft moaning sound came from beside her and Uhura. "Kat! Grey's coming around!" Uhura alerted her friend and superior officer before abandoning her tray and turning to bend over the little boy who had been laying unconscious behind her since he and Kat were brought into the cell. Kat scurried to his other side. "Greysam? Honey, can you hear me?" She asked, frantically laying a hand against the boy's forehead just as he slowly opened his eyes. Moaning in pain again, Grey looked around disorientedly for a second before his gaze fell on his Mother and he reached for her. "Mmm...Mommy?" He whimpered as if trying to speak caused him discomfort. Kat bent closer towards him. "Yes Grey, I'm here. Mommy's right here. Are you okay? Does anything hurt?" She fretted, gently brushing her son's dark bangs from his face as he winced. "Mommy? My head hurts." Greysam moaned, reaching with his other hand to rub at his ear. Hearing the pain in his voice, Kat nodded acknowledgingly feeling her heart sink as she realized she could do nothing to alleviate his discomfort. "He might have a concussion. He needs to get medical attention right away." Sulu urged. Kat shook her head. "He won't get any here. They're the ones that did this to him." She snapped, her chest constricting as she remembered how Krall's man had attacked Greysam for attempting to defend her. Uhura gently put her hand on Kat's shoulder to get her attention as Grey began to cry. "Kat, he really doesn't look good. You need to get him out of here and find Dr. McCoy or-." "How?" Kat demanded, whipping around to face her friend and former student. "We have no way of knowing where Bones is right now and even if we did, we're prisoners. How am I supposed to get Grey out of here without being caught and making things worse for him?" "Well the guards must make a rotation at some point." Ensign Syl suggested. Uhura nodded at her. "Syl is right. We'll take turns keeping watch and figure out about how long each guard rotation is. Then at night we'll bust you and Grey out and send up a distress signal from their communications hub." Uhura agreed. "I saw it when they were taking me through their camp. It's not far from here I think." She added. Kat started to respond to Uhura's plan when the door to their compound banged open again. This time Krall entered amongst the ranks and Kat stiffened at the sight of him, quickly moving to keep her son out of his direct line of sight as he stood in front of their cell and stared seemingly straight at her. Quickly Uhura, Sulu and the others moved to do the same. "It seems...your Captain and his Commander have truly managed to evade me, Ambassador Kirk!" Krall snapped, slipping a scaley filthy claw through the bars and lightly scratching the side of Kat's face. "Do you think they'd come faster if they heard you scream?" He sneered, pulling his claw back suddenly as if he'd been burned. "...Or him?" He gestured at Greysam. Despite the sickening nausea and fear that coursed through her body at the sheer glee she heard in Krall's voice, Katarina forced herself to remain outwardly calm and stoic knowing very well that sick mind games were part of nearly every hostile interrogation method. "Why do you want to kill our Captain?" She asked causing Krall to return his attention to her. "What have you to gain from destroying us other than an all out war against the Galactic Federation?" Krall hissed as if Kat had just dealt a low blow with her question. "I want..to show him, Ambassador!" He peered at her through the bars. "Show him and the world a life made free!" He rasped causing the others in the compound to glance at each other confusedly. "Free from what?" Uhura asked with soft dread. Krall snorted. "From themselves!...From the lie that is...the Federation!" He shifted his gaze from Uhura back to Kat. "Soon Ambassador, I will show you. Then you will understand. You will all understand!" Krall promised, motioning to his followers and barking in his strange language before turning to leave the compound. "That's it." Sulu spoke first as soon as they heard the door shut and lock again. "We're getting both of you out of here tonight!" He turned and tapped Kat on the arm. "I'll take the first look out." Uhura offered, moving to peer through one of the narrow slits in the wall. Kat started to object. "Uhura..." "Mommy...?" Grey cut her off, more tears rolling down his cheeks as he gave up trying to rub the pain away. Kat swooped down and scooped him up carefully onto her lap, wishing she had even a small hypo of pain medication to give to him. "Shhh, I know Baby. I know." Kat started to rock him, as if that would soothe him. Greysam continued to moan in pain curling towards her body with his small hands still clamped at his head, making Kat's heart break even more. "Mommy?" Grey croaked. "Is Daddy going to find us?" He whimpered, looking up at her through his tears with a longing in in his expression. Kat bit her lip. "I don't know Sweetheart, but I need you to be my big brave boy again okay? We will find Daddy soon and you're going to be just fine. Okay?" She tried to comfort him, though she felt no assurance in her own words. Looking down, Kat's gaze fell on the still shining Vokaya pendant that was still around her neck and as she reached to touch it briefly before reaching for her only eating utensil and surveyed the contents of her tray. Winding some of the vegetables around the fork, she turned and offered it to her still crying son, hoping she could at least get him to eat a little. There was no telling how long they'd be trapped in here. ... "McCoy to Enterprise come in!" Bones snapped, hearing only the lifeless sizzle of a dead connection as he desperately tried to get his COMM to work. "McCoy to Enterprise! Anybody!" He tried again. Hearing nothing, Bones decided to give up on trying to reach anyone for the moment and returned his focus to Spock who despite his injury was moving rather quickly across the rough rocky terrain of the planet. Bones flinched when the Vulcan stumbled slightly and clutched at his injured side. "Whoa! Slow down there, Spock! That was only a temporary fix I did back there!" The Doctor reprimanded as Spock ducked under an archway of sorts to the entrance of a network of caves. "I understand Doctor, but the situation is dire and we must..." Spock trailed off, pausing suddenly as Bones hurried to join him. "You think I don't know our situation is dire? Look! I don't have any medical supplies left on me and the last thing I need is for you to start internally hemorrhaging while we're stuck wandering around the middle of nowhere with no way to get you proper treatment!" Bones snapped just as he noticed what Spock had. "Fascinating. This area seems to have been previously occupied by some form of intelligent life." Spock stated calmly despite the fact that his pain level was starting to increase again. "I'd say it's more like it's dark, ominous, dangerous. Let's get out of here. I can't get a proper signal around these rocks and these caves are giving me the creeps!" Bones shuddered as a flock of tiny screeching insects flew off from one of the upper openings in the caves. Without replying, Spock moved to walk further into the caves making Bones' shoulders droop in dread. "Or I guess we could just keep going." He muttered, hurrying to keep up with his companion. As much as Spock got on his last nerve one too many times, Bones was not too keen on having to face Jim and Kat without him. Especially not Kat. "Doctor?" Spock only stopped when he reached a stone structure in the middle of the quarry that didn't seem to be built in to any of the caves. Keeping his hand pressed to his side, he walked inside quickly taking in everything he could through the dim light that passed through various slots in the walls. "This structure also appears to be abandoned. It is intriguing however. These symbols are the identical to the markings found on the artifact taken during the attack." The Vulcan noted, his breathing picking up steadily as he briefly studied the strange archaic letterings left on the walls. "If only Katarina were here to attempt to translate the symbols. We might have been able to determine the exact reason for the attack on the Enterprise and the theft of the artifact." Spock continued, his brows creasing in a frown at the thought of his missing wife and son. Bones looked around distrustingly at his surroundings as he reluctantly stepped inside. "You think the thing might have come from here?" He wondered half to himself as he followed Spock to the other side of the little building. "It would seem so." Spock nodded, about to take another step when a searing pain tore through his side causing him to cry out and drop into a fetal position on the floor. "D*** it Spock!" Bones cursed hurrying to the man's side and carefully turning him over to his back. "I told you not to push it you hard-headed ingrate!" An agonized hiss slipped through the Vulcan's lips as Bones gently tried to get him to move his hand away from his wound. "D***..." The Doctor cursed again after checking on the ugly gash mark. "You're starting to bleed internally! This was exactly what I was afraid of! If you don't take it easy now, you're not going to make it till sundown." Bones warned as he pulled Spock's uniform back into place. Looking up to meet what he expected was Spock's usual unreadable gaze, Bones blanched when he realized the Vulcan had lost consciousness. "Sh**! Spock!...Spock wake up D*** it! I'm not telling Katarina that her husband died on my watch! Come on!" Bones tried to rouse the Vulcan without doing more injury to him. When Spock stirred and groaned a bit in pain, Bones breathed in relief then quickly moved to get him into a more comfortable position which would allow him to breathe easier and keep the blood flowing towards his heart. "All right...now just lay still and try not to move too much. I'm going to go back outside and see if I can get a signal on my COMM...or find something that can help you." He ordered. "If I come back and see you trying to move so much as an eyelash I will tie you down and leave you here while I continue to search for the others on my own! You got that?" Bones snapped, pulling his COMM from his pocket and heading towards the exit of the building as he spoke. Spock's only response was a labored exhale and Bones took that as his compliance to the order before he flicked on the device in his hand and inputted the Enterprise's main call number. "This is McCoy to Enterprise! Is anyone out there? We need help! Commander Spock is down and I have no medical supplies!...Come in Enterprise!" ... "Kat, it's time." Uhura whispered to Kat who was sitting on the floor of the cell, rocking Greysam who had finally cried himself to sleep on her lap about an hour ago. Krall and his guards hadn't returned since they'd been given food, but still Kat was uneasy and worried about what would happen next. Most of all, she worried about Grey and what might happen to him if this plan failed and she couldn't get him away from this prison camp. What did Krall mean a world made free from itself?...And how was he planning on showing me this? Kat wondered, knowing even as she wondered that it couldn't be anything good. Not after how they were brutally attacked in the Nebula...not after how many people died at the hands of these creatures. Looking back down at her son, Kat slowly rose to her feet, careful not to wake him as she shifted him into her arms. Hopefully when he wakes, he won't be in this awful place anymore. Kat drew some comfort and courage with the thought as Uhura followed her to gate where Sulu, Korin and Keenser waited. I just hope his head injury isn't as serious I think it is... "Okay, we only have fifteen minutes till the next guard rotation. So we got to move fast once we're out there. Keenser, can you get the door unlocked?" Sulu turned to the tiny Engineer who leaned forward as if to examine the knob which held cell gate closed. Suddenly Keenser sneezed sending a sticky spray of debris to splatter the knob. Kat and Uhura flinched just as the knob began to melt away disintegrating the locking system. "Whoa...that's one heck of a sneeze." Korin remarked wide-eyed as Keenser turned and used his arm to wipe his nose. "Great work Keenser. Kat, Uhura come on!" Sulu approved nodding to the two women standing behind him as he and Korin bent to pull the door open. Kat flinched and tightened her embrace around her son when the two men managed to get the gate about halfway open before it creaked loudly. Freezing in place, the crew listened intently for a minute for any indication that Krall's guards were coming back to investigate. When only the light evening breeze sounded across the planet's terrain, they relaxed and Sulu motioned with his head for Kat and Uhura to slip out under the door. Nodding for Uhura to go first, Kat bent and carefully handed Greysam to her before crawling out after them. Sulu came out last and he nodded for Korin and Syl to close the gate when an ear-piercing shriek suddenly cut through the silence like a hot knife. Flinching at the sound, Kat, Sulu and Uhura turned nearly as one towards the source of the cry just as it was followed by more. Oh no...Kat's heart sank as the horrible sounds echoed through the camp. They're torturing the crew! Or killing them... "Okay, we don't have a lot of time. Their main control hub should be in that center structure. We'll find a way to get a distress signal up from there while you and Grey make your escape through there." Sulu nodded towards a dark alleyway that seemingly led straight into the forest that surrounded the prison camp. Kat shook her head and extended her arm to stop Uhura when the other woman started to carefully hand Greysam back to her. "No, Uhura, you take Grey. I'm staying here." She said softly, but firmly earning the shocked looks of her crewmates. "Kat, what are you doing? You can't stay here! Krall has already targeted you!" Sulu protested. Kat shot him an unyielding look. "That's exactly why I have to stay! Krall said he wants to show me something. He needs me to lure Jim and Spock here and there's no telling what he'll do to the rest of you if I turn up missing." She looked with tear-filled eyes from the helmsman to her Lieutenant then to where they'd heard the screaming a moment ago. "We've already lost too many and who knows how many more since we got here. Maybe since I'm the Captain's sister, I can work out a compromise that will protect what's left of the crew until we're rescued." Uhura shook her head. "But I'm not Grey's Mother, Kat. He'll need you when he wakes up. I won't know what to do if he starts freaking out because you're not there or-!" "Lieutenant there is no time." Kat cut her off. "If you don't leave now, you'll never make it and Grey needs to get treated." She bit down on her lip as she walked closer towards Uhura and laid a hand gently on her son's face. "Promise me you'll take care of him for me Uhura. Please? Tell him that I love him and that I'll see him again as soon as I can." She looked up pleadingly back at her friend and former student. "Take him and find Spock." Gnawing on her own lips, Uhura slowly reluctantly nodded her head looking down at the sleeping child in her arms. Smiling slightly back at her in response, Kat bent to drop a quick last kiss to Grey's cheek before nodding towards the shadow of alleyway which led straight into the forest beyond. Lifting a foot to take her first step away from the prison camp, Uhura quickly turned back around and fixated her superior officer with a fierce look of her own. "I'll do this only if you promise that you'll find us again Katarina. I'll never forgive you if they kill you." The words came out as a threat, but Kat could hear the strain in her tone and she nodded, feeling a lump rise up to her own throat. "I promise." Almost involuntarily, she reached for her necklace again. "Now go. They'll be making another round any moment now." With a final nod, Uhura turned and ran towards the cover of the night, clutching Greysam close to her as the gravel shifted quietly under her feet. Kat watched for them for a second until she heard Sulu behind her. "Kat, we need to go." He urged and the Ambassador nodded her head in acknowledgement before turning to follow him. ... "Here it is. I'm pretty sure this is the Communications Monitor. We can send a distress signal from here." Sulu whispered, motioning to a strange looking monitor inside the control hub. Nodding as she quickly surveyed the basic build of the computer, Kat quickly bent to input the needed coordinates and fiddled with what she thought was the range capability control of the transmitter device. As she waited for the signal to go through, Kat began to explore the monitor until she found read outs for the previous transmissions sent from this station. As she read the first couple read outs, the color slowly began to drain from her face, shocking and intriguing her all at the same time. "Oh my God!..." "What?" Sulu asked, a little louder than before making Kat flinch before shooting him a warning look. "According to these read outs, they've been piggybacking the subspace links between the probes. That's probably how they shut us down so quickly once we got into the Nebula zone." She looked up at the pilot who looked just as disturbed as she felt. "Well, can you use those links to get a message back to Yorktown?" He asked, looking back at the screen. Kat nodded and minimized the screen showing the transmission records. "Already on it. As long as it keeps up its speed, the signal should reach its destination in...three more minutes." She did a quick rough calculation. Nodded, Sulu turned to survey one of the other monitors in the room and froze when he saw the image illuminated on the one directly behind the one Kat was using. "You sure this was the right thing to do?...Sending Grey off without you, I mean." He asked quietly. Sighing lightly, Kat pressed her lips together. "I don't really like it at all actually, but you know his head trauma could be bad and I can't bear losing him or any more of the crew than we already have. Besides if Uhura can at least find Spock then-." "Oh my God...it's Yorktown." Sulu realized, cutting Kat off as he quickly skimmed over the analysis chart on the computer he was looking at. Kat gave him a strange look. "Yes, that's the main destination I inputted. Although if the Enterprise is intact enough it should be able to pick up on it too." "No, I mean they've accessed the Yorktown database. From here!" Sulu's voice though soft was full of urgency and horror. Kat finally turned away from her monitor. "What?" "Starfleet data files, ship logs on every flagship commissioned by the academy...including the Enterprise." Sulu murmured, his brow creasing more in a frown as Kat peered over his shoulder to look at what he had found. "So they have been tracking us." Kat realized just as the monitor behind her dinged a bit loudly signalling that the distress message had been su ccessfully transmitted. Both Sulu and Kat jumped a bit in surprise since they hadn't expected the loud noise. Hearing the unmistakable sound of their captors calling to each other and scurrying through the prison camp, Sulu quickly grabbed Kat's arm and pulled her towards the entrance they'd used earlier. "Come on! Our time's up." "It certainly is...foolish humans." The same dreadful sounding raspy voice that Kat remembered hearing from the creature who had hurt Greysam. Turning almost simultaneously, Kat and Sulu looked around to see that they were completely surrounded on all sides and each guard was holding a glowing electro spear. Grimacing at the sight of the weapons, Kat took a deep breath and slowly raised her hands in the submission gesture, seeing Sulu do the same through her peripherals as they heard more guards running around outside the hub. Uhura, you'd better have made it out. Kat hoped to herself thinking of her precious child again as the guards moved to restrain their hands and shoved them forward towards the exit. Sulu turned his head as much as he could to give Kat a glance that matched the one she was probably wearing as well as they were marched out of the communications hub. This cannot be good. ...
(Hey guys! I'm so sorry this chapter took way too long, but it was a giant GIANT pain in the butt to write and I had to do so many rewrites on it, it's not even funny. I hope you enjoy what I came up with here. I'll try not to take too long with the next update. Again I apologize for the overly long wait. I own nothing but my OCs.) ... "This way!" Kat did her best not to flinch when the guard grabbed by her arm and forced her to walk towards a large structure that in outward appearance looked just like every other hovel built in the prison camp. His associate wasted no time in doing the same to Sulu though both surprisingly released their grips on their captives once they were inside the cool darkness of the building. Kat paused when they were inside only to wince when her captor snapped at her again and nudged her roughly with the tip of his weapon indicating for her to continue walking. Sighing Sulu fell into step next to her and though the two of them exchanged a couple of nervous, unknowingly glances they did not dare speak until they reached a dimly lit moderately sized chamber where a familiar monstrous figure stood waiting for them admist tangled bunches of various metal tubings and wires. Kat froze for a second upon seeing two figures one wearing a red and the other a blue standard starfleet official uniform dangling upside down by a variety of wiring and tubings from the ceiling. Just as one of them noticed her and started to squirm and cry out to her despite her gag, Kat felt another stinging prod on her back. "You think..." Krall rasped as the guards forced Kat and Sulu walk further in towards the middle of the chamber where the leader stood crouched by a computer panel of some kind. "...you know what sacrifice really means...Ambassador? You think your actions...are conducive...to true valor?" Kat raised her chin and started to respond when Krall continued, coming to his full height and taking two shaky strides towards them. Both Kat and Sulu forced themselves not to avert their gazes from him though the former couldn't help noticing that Krall was different from the last times she had seen him. As if he were in pain somehow. "Federation has taught you...that conflict shouldn't exist...but without struggle...you would never know who you truly are...You of all others...should know that...Katarina." Krall spoke slowly as if each syllable was agony for him to utter. "Where is...your boy?" Kat swallowed hard. "That's none of your concern and you have no idea who we are." Sulu finally spoke up. His tone calm and even despite the uncertainty and fear surrounding their current situation. "But you'll soon find out." Krall sneered at him. "You mean the distress signal...you thought you sent?" He stalked back across the chamber just as a pale light source glimmered briefly through various cracks in the ceiling of the room. "Your coordinates were altered...your rescue ships will be stranded...in the Nebula. Rendering them unable to continue...or to leave...Leaving Yorkplace...vulnerable." Krall finished, relishing in the blanched expression that crossed both Sulu and Kat's expression at his words. "So you can attack Yorktown." Sulu realized. Kat clenched her jaw. "But why Yorktown?" She asked furrowing her brows as she tried to analyze their foe's intentions. Krall merely grunted at her in response. "Billions of souls from every federation world held in one place!" He snipped, leaning in so close to Kat's face that his foul breath hit her directly in the face. "It is the perfect target...for a perfect retaliation! Which is why...I need to know where your captain...hid the Forboden weapon." He hissed. Kat took a deep breath and forced herself not to look away from the fearsome creature in front of her. "That's where you're wrong, Krall." She ignored his probe. "There is strength in unity and right now just about every member of the United Federation is in Yorktown ready to take up arms at a moment's notice to defend all they hold dear." She raised her chin, her Vokaya pendant catching a thin beam of light as she spoke. "You'll never chance against them. Just like you never will against us." Krall straightened, emitting a strange harsh sound that was reminiscent of something between a cough and a laugh as he turned and strode towards a corner of the chamber, passing between the two starfleet cadets who were still hanging from the ceiling. "Ah...Ah...the strength of others Ambassador." Krall scoffed, stopping just between his two prisoners and straightening his posture again. "Yes that...is what has kept me alive all these years!" Kat cocked her head to the side, her eyes narrowing. "What do you mean?" She asked. Instead of answering, Krall lunged out with both hands and grasped both of the cadets by the backs of their heads. Suddenly the two former cadets began to thrash around under Krall's touch, letting out terrible blood-curdling screams that despite the gags pierced straight through Kat and Sulu's hearts and reverberated around the room. "Stop it!" Kat screamed, about to run towards Krall when a strong pair of arms stopped her, wrapping around her waist to keep her firmly in place. "No! Stop! Leave them alone!" Kat cried out, her pleas falling on deaf ears as she watched the two cadets grow weaker and weaker while Krall began to regain his strength. Finally, Sulu managed to force Kat to turn away, wincing when she dug her nails into his wrist. "He's killing them!" She cried, tears trailing down her face as the cries of her former crewmates continued to assault her senses and emotions. Sulu hung his head, breathing shakily as the screaming continued. "There's nothing we can do." He said dejectedly as Krall's disturbing satisfied groans mingled with their friends' dwindling cries. Finally Kat released her grip on Sulu's arm, squeezing her eyes shut as the screams of her former friends and crewmates faded out into a sick, twisted and stomach curdling quiet. ... "Spock!...Spock wake up d*** it! Spock!" Bones lightly slapped the Vulcan's cheek, growling when his fellow crewmate failed to rouse at first. Just as he was about to go for another slap, Spock's eyes flew open and he deftly caught the Doctor's hand before it could make contact with his face again, a look of slight disapproval crossing his expression. "I am perfectly conscious Doctor. There is no need to resort to violent measures." He said calmly, attempting to sit up a little higher and wincing when the attempt caused a new ripple of pain to sear across his wound. Bones rolled his eyes. "You were out cold for thirty minutes, Spock. Normally I wouldn't interfere, but seeing as there's a pretty good chance that hunk of metal tore through some muscle fiber as well as through a major blood vessel, I'd rather keep you conscious as long as possible for now until we are able to find some help." He grunted, bending to check over Spock's wound again. Spock only sighed and gently leaned his head back against the cold stone wall behind him, allowing his eyes to shut briefly again before re-opening them. "I regained full consciousness approximately 10.5 minutes prior to your first attempts at rousing me, Doctor McCoy. And during that time period I attempted to remove my focus from the pain caused by my injury, by contemplating the very nature of life and mortality." He said in a soft contemplative tone as Bones finished his examination with a huff. "Oh feeling philosophical huh? Well a traumatic injury that includes massive blood loss will do that to you. Although as I said before I'm not going to let you die out here. Not while you've got a wife and kid who need you." Bones muttered, pushing his sleeves back down before turning to sit down next to the Commander. Reaching into his left hand pocket, the Doctor pulled out his COMM and started to fiddle with it again when Spock suddenly turned his head and addressed him. "You have asked me once before Doctor...how it was that Katarina and I, two persons with such vast physical and familial differences as we have, came to decide to be bonded to each other as lifemates." "Uhhh..." Bones trailed off, unsure of where the Vulcan was going with this statement, but deciding not to interrupt since it would ensure that Spock would not go back into another comatose state anytime soon. "The decision was not made lightly and without consequence. While Katarina was by then completely estranged from her parents...it was a different matter entirely with my family." Spock continued, tilting his head up slightly as if looking at some sort of fascinating object in front of him. Bones furrowed his brow. "But didn't your Father marry a human too?" He asked and Spock nodded his head. "Indeed Doctor, but while my Father remained open and accepting of my desire to love a human woman as he did...he came under pressure from the other members of the Vulcan High Council at first to discourage our union, due to the risk of further genetic dilution in any resulting child concieved between Katarina and I." Bones's frown matched Spock's at that. "That's terrible Spock. But at least you two did end up getting hitched right? And Grey certainly seems to have inherited more Vulcan characteristics than human...physically anyway. He's definitely more emotional than you." Bones muttered and Spock inclined his head. "The Council's agreement to the marriage and bonding between Katarina and I was conditional upon a single agreement, Doctor...That any children produced from our union would be given the basic Vulcan education when they are of age to be taught. Kat on contrast, wished only to give our son the same kind of academic education she recieved on earth for fear of overburdening him...but even she knows the vitality of avoiding the complete alienation of Greysam from his Vulcan heritage." Spock responded, breathing suddenly a bit audibly as his hand instinctively moved to apply some light pressure just under his wound. Bones let an audible sigh pass through his lips as he looked down to fiddle with the signal wavelength on his communicator. "I suppose so. Did you find a way to appease the old suits on the Council enough?" He asked, hissing to himself under his breath when the signal flicked briefly and went out again. Spock cast his gaze downwards. "We had up until the sudden destruction of Vulcan a few years prior to the present. Although many others who had managed to escape the attempted genocide of our race had already engaged in the act of repopulating and ensuring the future of New Vulcan, I and in turn Katarina as well were not forgotten. Many attempts were made to persuade us to take up a residency on New Vulcan and support the regrowth of Vulcan culture and heritage in any way possible." He said lightly. "Oh persistent huh?" Bones muttered, scratching his head as a weak signal came buzzing temporarily back to his COMM again. "What did you tell them?" Spock glanced over at him expressionlessly as usual. "We considered the offer naturally. However with the advancing state of Katarina's pregnancy at the time, such a thing was neither feasible nor logical given we were both as yet unsure of how such an unusual conception would affect her the further along her condition progressed." He answered and Bones nodded in understanding. "Obviously." He huffed and looked back down at his COMM, still shaking his head with disgust at the object's failure to work properly. "And let me tell you, even for a first birth experience that kid's delivery was not easy on her at all. Not to rub that in face your face again." He mumbled the last part under his breath. Spock nodded in agreement, a slight grimace crossing his expression for a moment at the Doctor's statement. "Following Grey's birth, Katarina and I discussed the possibility of taking the boy for regular ventures to New Vulcan once he was old enough to be educated in and acclimated to his Vulcan heritage despite the fact that she still firmly wished for him to be given a primarily human education. I was in agreement until recently when I recieved some news that affected me unexpectedly and opened a path I did not anticipate in my life with my family." His brows furrowed then in a deeper frown and Bones stopped fiddling with the COMM to fixate a concerned gaze at him. "What news?" He asked. Spock met his eyes. "Ambassador Spock has died." He said in a voice that was soft and somber. Bones felt his face drop a bit. "Oh...oh that's...that's awful. I can't even imagine what that must...feel like." He slumped against the wall slightly. Spock shook his head. "Well Doctor...when you have lived as many lives as he has...fear of death is illogical. In any case, his death has now led me to a decision, of which I am as yet unsure of whether Katarina will react favorably, but is one I feel strongly inclined toward." Bones glanced back at Spock. "What kind of decision?" Spock took a deep breath. "I have decided...to take Ambassador Spock's place on New Vulcan and continue the work he began while making regular and constant efforts to return to earth and remain active in the lives of my wife and my child." He explained. "On New Vulcan?" Bones clarified, straightening before heaving a sigh. "Wait! Does that mean you're thinking about leaving Starfleet?" He straightened suddenly. Spock lowered his gaze again. "Indeed Doctor. Katarina has already decided to step down as well following this assignment, given that Greysam will soon be old enough to begin his schooling and it will no longer be convenient for us to raise him on board the Enterprise whilst in the midst of our work. However...she has always worried about how Grey will be accepted due to his mixed heritage." Bones slumped back against the wall again. "Wow that's...I don't know what to say Spock." He shook his head, staring to leaning his head back when a sudden thought occured to him and jolted back upright. "What does Jim even think of all this?" Spock only shook his head. "Neither Kat and I...have been able to find the time...or in some cases the will...to tell him." He said with a soft despair only barely audible in his low voice. Bones grimaced. "Oh...well I can tell you right now that he's not going to like it. Heck I don't know what he'd do without at least one of you around. Especially you. Now me on the other hand I'd probably go throw a party on the first day of your resignation." He shrugged and Spock nodded his head, not reacting to his sarcastic jab. "Indeed, that is why Katarina was so hesitant...but I believe as she in her heart does as well, that this is something we must do for the benefit of all." He carefully leaned back against the wall, pursing his lips when another brief sting of pain shot up his mid-section again. Bones noticed the wince and moved quickly to check his injury again. "Well then, let's see about getting you on the mend faster so we can find your wife and kid and get you two started on your dream domestic life." He muttered, moving Spock's hand and pulling up his shirt again slightly to reveal his hastily made dressing. Spock furrowed his brows and tilted his head down to try to look at the Doctor in slight confusion at the remark, but this time Bones finished his examination quickly. "D***!...Well I can't do anything more for you without any proper medical equipment and I can't get a signal from inside this cave." Bones quickly sat back after pulling Spock's shirt back down and wrapped his arm around Spock's waist, causing the Vulcan to glance at him slight anxious anticipation. "Think you can move a little bit? We have to get back into the open if there's any chance of us finding help." Spock glanced down towards his torso and then nodded his head, pressing his lips into a thin determined line. "I will try." He placed his own hand around Bones's shoulder, accepting the support as he was painfully hoisted onto his feet. ... "Captain! I've managed to pick up a trace of a life form, but I can't distinguish if it is one of the crew or not." Chekov chirped from the monitoring station where he had been spending the better part of his time trying to get the ancient technology to work as well as the equipment he was better used to. Almost as if on cue, Jim bent to look over the readouts Chekov managed to pull out on the computer just as a woman with white skin and long braided hair bent over Chekov's other shoulder. "It's not one of Krall's men. This signal is different." She confirmed, her thick accent rippling over the words like a rushing waterfall as she straightened and strolled back over to where she was tinkering with another piece of machinery nearby Scotty. "There's also two of them." Jim added, pointing at the two tiny red dots that glowed faintly on Chekov's screen. The former navigator and engineer in training turned to meet the Captain's determined gaze with a slightly uncertain one of his one. "Do you think it could be...some of the crew, Captain?" He asked. Jim bit down on his lip. "Only one way to find out." He muttered before turning to address Scotty. "Mr. Scott, prepare to lock on to their signal and transport them up here." The Chief Engineer glanced sharply up from his work station so quickly he nearly struck the underside of his chin with the wrench in his hand. "Wha-without verifying them? They could be other hostiles, Captain! This terrain is full of folks those b****** stranded in this forsaken place!" Scotty tried to protest, but the Captain was already loading his phaser. "If they're hostiles, we'll be ready for them." He snapped, already moving towards the transport chamber. "But I have a hunch they're not." He muttered the last part mostly to himself as he moved to stand behind one of the partial walls that separated the beaming chamber from the rest of the ship. "We need to make a few more adjustments, Montgomery Scotty. Otherwise whoever we transport may get spliced upon entry and I don't have time to clean blood out of my house." Jaylah commented from somewhere a few feet away and Scotty grumbled something in compliance as the clank of various tools and machinery echoed from their area. Jim sighed and leaned against the wall to wait for Scotty and Jaylah to tell him they were ready to try transporting whoever it was their scanners had picked up. Despite himself and the wiser voice in his head telling him not to get his hopes up, Jim found himself hoping anyway that it was Kat and Grey or even Spock the scanners had picked up. I'll never forgive myself if anything's happened to that kid. Jim thought to himself, picturing Greysam scared and alone somewhere on this god-forsaken planet as he waited impatiently for Scotty and Jaylah to finish with thier adjustments. "So did you rip Spock a new one or what?" Jim asked cheekily, striding into the Med Bay as if he were walking to his seat on the bridge. Turning her head slowly in his direction, Kat rolled her eyes and shook her head carefully. "I certainly did." She rasped, her voice indicating that she was still under the effects of the medicine Bones gave her to dull her pains and help her rest. Jim grinned though at the fire that was still present in his sister's eyes though before looking down to look at the infant who was bundled up in the little makeshift bassinet set beside Kat's biobed. "I have to say, he's pretty cute. I'm kinda surprised he looks so Vulcan actually." Jim chuckled as he gazed affectionately at his sleeping baby nephew. "Jim, his Father is Vulcan. Why is it surprising? Besides I'm just happy he's okay, considering the delivery nearly killed us both..." Kat frowned as she turned her head, trying to get into a comfortable position so she could maintain her gaze on her newborn son. The smile fell from Jim's face then. "Yeah Bones said you went into distress and he had to operate." Kat nodded her head in response. "I made Spock promise never to try to leave me ever again. And not just for me." She tried to reach out towards the bassinet only for the IV wires to stop her from even reaching the rim of the little bed. Jim sighed. "Why do you think I risked everything to get him out of that volcano? There was no way I was letting another one of us grow up without a Father." He followed his sister's gaze back to the baby and Kat hummed in agreement. "Can you promise me something too Jim?" Kat asked, not looking up from her son right away. Jim immediately refocused on his sister. "Sure Kat. Anything. Wait!...You're not going to make me promise to stop drinking so much in the mess hall are you?" Jim narrowed his eyes. Kat gave him a weak dirty look. "Jim, I am trying to be serious here. Can you stop being obnoxious for two seconds and let me talk?" Jim had the decency to look a tad ashamed. "Right. Sorry." He nodded his head to tell her go on. If...if anything should happen again...either to me or Spock...will you promise to take care of Grey? Look after him. Make sure he's okay no matter what?" Jim frowned at the implications behind her words. "Kat, you-." "Promise." Kat interrupted. Sighing Jim nodded and looked back down at the sleeping baby. "All right. Fine. I promise...I promise." "Captain! We're ready to fire her up! I just got to input the coordinates Mr. Chekov found and Bob will be our uncle!" Scott's slightly booming cheerful voice brought Jim sharply from his thoughts and he barely managed to nod in acknowledgement of what his Chief Engineer said before he straightened his posture and checked his phaser again. "Excellent! Let's get this show on the road then." Jim responded, keeping his light blue eyes trained on the transport chamber ahead as Scotty fiddled briskly with the computer behind him. "You will need this, James T." Jaylah suddenly popped up at his side, offering the young Captain what appeared to be a tall narrow shield of some sort. Jim frowned at the object before looking back at his newest companion with confusion. "What's this for?" "In case they get spliced. Don't get splashed." Jaylah explained quickly, before scurrying off to another part of the ship. Jim swallowed gingerly at the implication behind her words. "Great." He grumbled, lifting the shield to cover his face as Scotty continued to mumble to himself. "All right!...Activating the transport signal...now!" Scotty announced, hitting the correct switch a loud click that sent Jim into action. As the machinery hummed to life and a bright yellow and white light filled the chamber, Jim began to white knuckle the shield, hoping to himself that whoever they found wasn't a hostile and that they wouldn't combust all over the place upon entering their makeshift base. When the light finally cleared, Jim started to jerk forward, leading with his phaser until he recognized the slightly hunched figure standing in the transport chamber. "My God! Spock!" Jim exclaimed, dropping his shield and stuffing his phaser back into his belt before bolting forward to steady the Vulcan who looked to be on the verge of falling over. "Holy sh...Spock, you're bleeding!" Jim blanched upon noticing the distinct green stain on the front of his First Officer's uniform, but Spock stubbornly straightened himself and fixed the Captain with a stern look whilst keeping a hand pressed at his abdomen. "Captain! You must reactivate the transport signal and beam Dr. McCoy on board. It is..." He started to speak and trailed off when his legs started to give out. Jim gently tightened his grip on him to keep him from dropping to the floor. "Already on it, Sir. Just give me two seconds." Scotty answered for Jim as he furiously worked the controls again. Jim gave Spock another once over and grimaced. "God! What happened to you? Where are Kat and Grey? Are they with Bones?" Jim asked, the worry clear on his face as the lights began to fill the transport chamber again. Meeting his gaze, Spock shook his head, his eyes showing his distress. "We have not been able to locate them as of yet. However..." He started when a loud gasp interrupted him. Scotty stepped briskly from the control chamber towards the transport room just as Bones stumbled forward off the platform. "Ah! Good to see you again in one piece, Doctor!" The Engineer greeted cheerfully though Bones looked as if he might vomit any second. "Oh am I?" He asked, breathing shallowly as he hugged himself in an attempt to stop shaking. "I feel like my innards have just been to a barn dance!" He shuddered as Scotty clapped him on the shoulder. "Ay, well that's because these old transporters were only used for cargo, but a few modifications seemed to do the trick. Never the less I thought it safer to beam you up separately just in case you got um..well spliced." He made a quick vague hand motion that seemed to make Bones turn even greener than he already was. "Oh...I couldn't imagine a worse scenario." He muttered sarcastically, finding his strength gradually as he approached where Jim and Spock stood awaiting his arrival. Jim managed a cheerful grin. "It's good to have you back, Bones. Are you all right? Was it just the two of you?" He asked. Bones nodded and waved him off. "Yeah I'm fine. He's hurt though and it's bad." He responded almost snappishly as Spock tried and failed to stand straighter. Despite this, Spock fixated first the Doctor then the Captain with his all too familiar firm and expressionless gaze. "I am functioning adequately. Our first prior-." "In a pig's eye you are! Now let's go sit your butt down so I can check your wound again." Bones snapped about to lead him to find a place to sit, but surprisingly Spock resisted him. "Captain! We have discovered that the stolen artifact seems to have come from this pla..." Spock tried to ignore the Doctor, but his report was cut short when a sudden strong wave of pain nearly knocked him to his knees. Bones caught him by the arm he was using to keep pressure on his wound while Jim steadied him from the other side. "D*** it Spock!" Bones cursed, having had it up to his eyeballs with the Vulcan Commander's stubbornness. Looking up at where Scotty, Chekov and Jaylah stood watching the group he barked anxiously. "Are there any medical supplies on this thing?" Jaylah nodded in return. "This way." She motioned with her arm and the group proceeded to follow her to a back lounge area of sorts where Jim helped Spock to sit while Bones and Jaylah went to look for medical tools. Noticing the way Spock was breathing painfully, Jim quickly grabbed a jacket off a nearby chair and wadded it quickly into a pillow before setting it near the edge of the bench and motioning for his friend to lie down. The Captain glanced up briefly when the sound of multiple metal gadgets clattering on a nearby table caught his attention. "Captain..." Spock wheezed, shutting his eyes briefly as his pain level briefly spiked again. "Katarina and Greysam are still in danger. You must locate them quickly before anymore harm comes to them!" He tried to urge and Jim gave him a helpless yet sympathetic look. "Don't worry, we'll find them. We'll find everyone together and then we'll all get out of here!...As to how we're going to do that last thing, I haven't got the slightest idea. I mean we've got no working ship, no crew and this stuff is all more than a hundred years old..not the best odds if you ask me." Jim shook his head looking around the room briefly again. Spock firmly pressed his lips together. "We will do as we have always done, Jim. We will find hope...in the impossible and hold on to that which is most important." He breathed as Bones picked up another device and flicked it on, causing it to emit a high pitched humming noise. Jim nodded, wondering to himself how Spock could still find it in himself to feel a decent sense of calm given how much pain he was likely in. "Right. Well first, let's get you patched up all right? You and I both know my sister will punch me first if she finds out you got badly hurt and I didn't make you get properly fixed up." Jim shot him a cheeky grin to which Spock nodded and winced again as Bones looked up from a small rusted square device he had been inspecting in his hands. Bones gave a helpless shrug at the Captain and moved to get closer to Spock's side. "This stuff is all from the dark ages...but I'm pretty sure this is a proto-plaser." He flicked the device in his hand a few times to turn it on as Spock's whimpering grew louder. "It should stop the internal hemorraging or at least that's my hope." The Doctor muttered the last bit to himself. Spock barely managed to stifle a groan. "The miserable have no medicine, but only hope." He breathed as Bones gently pulled up his shirt get a look at his wound again. Jim looked up to exchange knowing and slightly amused glances with each other at the Vulcan's poetic statement. "Death's door and he's quoting Shakespeare. Wonderful." Bones muttered sarcastically before getting to work. ... "Okay!..That should do it. Not bad work if I do say so myself considering I was basically guess-working through all this hodge podge." Bones grumbled as he finished treating Spock's wound and pulled his shirt back down. Still breathing heavily, Spock slowly attempted to sit up and Jim instinctively reached to help him. "We should not waste any more time, Captain." He said back in his official commander's voice, attempting to stand until Bones put a hand on his shoulder, pushing him lightly back down. "Whoa whoa! Where do we think we're going so soon?" He said sternly, earning a narrow eyed look from his superior officer in return. "Doctor, it is imperative that we direct all our efforts into locating the crew, prioritizing my son since he is the most defenseless and vulnerable of our current number. It is likely Kat will be with him as well." Spock again attempted to stand, but Bones blocked his path. "I just got your internal bleeding under control and the last thing we need is for you to aggravate your condition again! Now sit-!" "Captain!...Captain Kirk! Commander Spock! Come quick! You're going to want to see this!" Chekov skidded into the area, panting audibly as he braced himself against a chair for a moment. Jim stood to address his Chief Navigator. "What is it, Mr. Chekov?" Chekov took a second to catch his breath. "It's...it's..." He struggled to get the words out, waving his arm in the direction of the corridor that led out from the lounge. "Lieutenant Uhura! She's here! She's got Grey and he...!" Jim and Spock exchanged anxious glances with each other before moving to rush out of the room, Spock with a surprising amount of speed and agility, given the extent of his injury. When they reached the main area of the ship, Jim stopped when he spotted Jaylah standing at the entrance to their base with the arm of a familiar red clad woman slung over her shoulders. "Uhura!" Jim gasped, recognizing the woman instantly as Uhura turned, meeting Jim's gaze and revealing the small bundle of flesh and fabric she was holding in her other arm. Jaylah looked up at him at the exclamation. "She fell into one of my traps." She nodded at Uhura who seemed to be struggling to hold on to the child clutched in her arm. Jim started to speak again when a large grey and blue blur rushed past him and scooped the bundle from Uhura. Grey whimpered and opened his eyes a crack upon feeling the sudden transfer from one pair of arms to another. "Daddy!" He croaked and clutched at Spock's jacket upon recognizing his Father's face above him. Nodding his head in acknowledgement of the child's cry, Spock clutched Greysam closer to him in an uncharacteristic show of great emotion, holding him for a moment longer before looking up at the clearly exhausted and worn down Uhura with as much gratitude and joy as anyone had ever seen in him before. "Thank you, Lieutenant. I owe you a great debt of gratitude." Uhura shrugged her shoulders, slipping away from Jaylah and holding herself up despite her tiredness. "It's no problem.I promised Kat I'd get him to safety no matter what. He's hurt though. One of Krall's thugs hit him in the head." She responded. Frowning at her words, Spock looked back down at his son and gently ran a hand across his hair to check the wound he saw peeking up under some of the strands. "Is Katarina all right? Where is she?" He asked, his franticness clear despite the levelness of his voice. Uhura hung her head. "Up until she made me escape from the prison camp with Grey, she was doing fine. I tried to insist that she go with him instead, but she was insistent that she could protect the rest of the crew from Krall if she stayed behind to keep his attention. I'm sorry Spock." She apologized. Spock tightened his jaw for a moment and looked back down at his son. "Kat would not have stayed behind if she did not truly believe she was doing what was best." He said calmly, looking back down at his son. Uhura bit her lip and started to respond when Grey grasped at Spock's chest again. "Daddy, where's Mommy? Where is she?" He began to cry causing Spock to frown with concern as his eyes flickered once again to large wound on the side of the child's head. "Greysam-." "Spock, you should get him to Bones. Have him take a look at that gash." Jim cut in and Spock nodded quickly in response. "I will take him." He gently rubbed the boy's back with one hand to soothe him before turning to carry him back to the room where they'd last left Bones. Jim started to follow when Uhura reached out and grabbed his arm, stopping him. "Jim wait! Kat and the others...they're being held at a prison camp, run by a group of monsters several leagues from here! We have to get them all out quickly before he kills them all!" She said urgently as Jaylah hung back silently a few feet away from them. Jim bit the inside of cheek and nodded. "Right. Are you okay? Do you need to seek medical attention?" He asked, directing his question at the Lieutenant while taking notice to a small cut on his friend's forehead. Uhura shook her head. "No Captain. I'm all right. It's just a few scrapes and bruises." "Good. Then tell me everything you know about Krall and his prison camp." ...
(Yay! New update that didn't take me a century to write! Lols! I hope you guys enjoy! I hope I didn't take Spock out of character. Also the words spoken by Kat and Spock in the end is the Vulcan phrase for "I love you" or so Google told me. XD I own nothing but my OC.) ... "Any new activity?" Kat asked softly as she sat huddled in the small narrow cell she and Sulu were moved to after their traumatizing interview with Krall. Sulu sighed and shook his head. "Not really. They keep screeching at each other in that ancient language of theirs and taking turns going into the different prison compounds. For all we know they're arguing about which one of us to feed to Krall next." He sighed Kat brought her fist up to her mouth and bit down on her middle knuckle. "I don't know if I'll ever get those screams out of my head. I can't believe Krall just..." She trailed off and shook her head as if trying to shake away the images of the horrific deaths of her crewmates. "I know." Sulu sighed and squeezed his eyes shut as if he had a headache. Slowly, Kat lowered her arm back at her side. "Do you think...Uhura and Grey made it past the guards all right, Sulu? You don't think that..?" She asked, her voice catching in her throat as she tried not to even think of the possibility of her friend and son being recaptured. Turning away from the narrow slit in the wall, Sulu shook his head at her. "I think we would have heard something about it. Krall was very interested in your son. He would let you know the moment he had him." Grimacing at his words, Kat nodded in agreement without taking her hand away from her mouth. Frowning at the expression on her face, Sulu knelt next to her. "Hey, he's going to be okay, Kat. You did right in sending him away. I would have done the same thing...if my daughter were here." He said with a gulp. Kat sighed and let her hand drop away, giving her friend and crewmate a grateful smile. "Sulu-." She started to respond when the sound of heavy footsteps approaching their cell cut her off. Kat and Sulu quickly scrambled to their feet just as the door was flung open, revealing another of Krall's men. Shouting something unintelligible at them, the guard seized Kat by the arm and yanked her forward out of her cell. Sulu followed quickly until the guard had led them into an inner courtyard of the prison camp where the rest of the crew was gathered in a huddle surrounded by more guards. Kat gasped when her guard threw her forward into the crowd where two pairs of hands quickly reached to help her up. "WHERE IS IT?" A chillingly familiar voice screamed just as Krall pushed his way through the crowd of his prisoners to where Kat stumbled hastily back to her feet. Sulu and two of her crewmates from the communications team stood boldly at her sides. "Where is what?" Kat rasped, choking on the dust that had gotten trapped in her throat when she was thrown. Krall only snarled and charged towards her, his foul breath hitting Kat full force in the face as he reached her. "TELL ME WHERE THE WEAPON IS...NOW!" He roared before lunging out and snatching Sulu by the back of his head. The helmsman had barely enough time to gasp with pain before the same sickly blue hue that come over their now dead crewmates earlier, began to appear on his face. Kat blanched when she realized what Krall was doing and the others around her screamed when Sulu began to shake with pain. "No stop it!" Kat started to run forward until a guard stopped her. "TELL ME NOW, AMBASSADOR!" Krall spat, continuing to draw out Sulu's life energy while Kat and her crew's hysteria grew. "Where is the weapon your Captain stole from the Forbodens!?" Though her jaw trembled, Kat did her best to stand firm and hide her fear though she was unable to completely keep the horror out of her expression as she watched her friend waste away. "No! Stop it! Let him go and I'll give you what you want!" An alien woman in a blue uniform quickly ran out into the middle of the crowd and Kat panicked when she saw her. "Syl no!" Sulu gasped as the veins began to pop out in his neck. "Don't do it!" With a trembling jaw, Syl bowed her head and began to unravel the coil of tentacles she had folded in the back of her head. "I'm sorry." She whispered regretfully at Kat who only shut her eyes in defeat and distress in response. With a grunt, Krall threw Sulu aside and rushed towards Syl while Kat and a couple others helped Sulu get up. Taking the small disc that Syl had kept hidden under head tails, he smiled a terrible smile before turning again to face his prisoners. "You see Ambassador Kirk!...Unity is not your strength!" He mocked, holding up the disc which Kat realized was the artifact she and Jim had tried to offer to the Tanexi as a peace offering. Briefly, she wondered why Krall would go through so much trouble for a piece of a lost ancient weapon, but she quickly refocused her attention on the matter at hand when the repulsive warlord kicked the gravel beneath his feet in her direction, stinging her eyes. "It is your weakness!" Krall turned and shouted one more thing in his secret archaic language before stalking off, tucking his prize into a pouch on his belt. Two guards moved to grab Kat and then Syl while a third snatched Sulu and pulled him along with a couple other crew members who happened to be standing nearby. The rest were shoved back towards their cells amid a few frightened and desperate cries. Kat turned and stole one last glance at Sulu who gave her a quick reassuring glance in return before one of the guards jabbed Kat sharply with his weapon, forcing her to keep moving until they were gathered inside another compound. A large rusted machine of some kind stood seemingly lifeless in the center of the area and when Kat got close enough to investigate what appeared to be the control panel, she saw that the small platform was filled with some sort of unknown black plasma like substance. From her left, Syl gasped, horrified by the substance until Krall let out a growl, moved forward and placed the disc he took from her earlier into the slot in the middle of the platform. As the crew watched, a bright red glow lit up the center of the disc and a whirring sound filled the compound as the mysterious black serum drained away into the disc. Then as she watched, Kat realized that it was being pulled into the core of the device. "This is Abronath." Krall spoke again, sharply drawing Kat's attention back to him as he picked up the entire weapon from the platform and held it out for the others to see. "It was used by the Ancient Ones as a weapon...When they could not control its power, they split it into two and ejected the halfs into space, hoping it would be lost forever." He continued to speak. Clenching one hand into a fist, Kat started to form a response when a loud whoosh followed by the clanking of multiple sections of a metal wall closing together cut her off. Syl gasped and flinched when a section of the chamber closed her and Kat off from Sulu and the others. Kat met her gaze with one that silently instructed her to keep calm though her own heartrate was beginning to pick up as well. Krall let a low hum "But I am grateful to you, Ambassador...and your crew. I spent a life time searching for this...only to have you find it for me." A slow menacing smile curled the side of his horrible scaley face. Syl stole another glance at Kat, but Kat kept her focus on Krall who was moving towards an area on the other side of the chamber they were standing in. "What do you want with an ancient weapon?" She asked as calmly as she could manage, following Krall until he stopped at another panel similar to the one he had intially placed the disc into before. Krall merely glanced at her before his gaze moved back to where Syl still stood in the same place Kat had left her. "The poetry of fate...The world I was born into, is very different from yours, Ambassador." He answered, starting to pace the area while Kat, one of Krall's guards and Syl watched. "We knew pain. We knew terror. Struggle made us strong! Not peace! Not unity!" Krall spat glaring at Kat and making Syl shrink away a bit instinctively. "These are myths that the Federation would have you believe." Pivoting on his heel, Krall stalked back to the panel on the other side of the chamber. Kat followed, barely taking heed when the first platform Krall had used the weapon on sank noisely into the floor behind her. "Those are strong words. You might even believe them." She said solidly as Krall set the weapon into a slot on the smaller panel on the other side. "But there's something else going on with you. Something underneath that you're not-." Kat trailed off when the wall behind her suddenly closed in, trapping Syl who let out a shriek before attempting to run towards the walls that had just appeared. Confused, Kat moved her gaze from Syl back to Krall. "What are you doing?" She asked, getting no answer in return. When Krall placed the weapon in his hand into the circular slot on the wall, Kat realized what he was doing and panicked. "No, you already got what you wanted! Let her go!" She screamed, reaching to try to take the disc out when Krall turned a switch on the weapon causing it to lock in place and glow the same deadly red color as before. Her heart sinking, Kat turned to watch with horrified eyes as the little chamber Syl was now trapped in began to hum to life. With a satisfied grunt, Krall turned and turned the disc again, this time causing a stream of a strange black vapor to begin filling the chamber, honing in on Syl as she tried futiley trying to escape. Kat beat desperately on the door as the black substance viciously attacked her friend, eating away on her flesh. "Stop this!..She gave you what you wanted! You don't have to do this to her!" She cried desperately to Krall. Giving no heed to her pleas, Krall turned the disc one more time on the control panel. With one last horrifying scream, Syl made a final last dash towards the door where Kat stood on the other side, lunging out with her arm before the black cloud finally consumed her leaving nothing but a large splatter of blood and disintegrated flesh where she stood. Kat felt her knees buckle and clamped a hand over her mouth as Krall withdrew the weapon from the slot and turned to the guard who stood by him. "Manas...it is time." He rumbled, turning to drop a heartless look in Kat's direction just as she collapsed to the ground on her knees. The guard snorted and grabbed Kat roughly by her arm before yanking her onto her feet. Kat stumbled a bit before gaining her footing though she was still in too much shock to really register what was going on. I failed...I failed Syl! I failed the other crew members who were killed...I failed everyone. ... "This is madness! We should we wait until we're absolutely sure-." "No! We need to get the crew back now!" Jim cut Scotty off while Spock paced thoughtfully behind him and Bones strolled across the room in the opposite direction. "Chekov has the coordinates that can lead us to Krall's base and Uhura confirmed it so we go!" "But with respect Sir, how do we know that Krall was at the base when his little spy called him? And even if he was, we do not know if the crew is with him! For all we know they could have relocated after Uhura and Greysam escaped." Scotty couldn't help pointing out. "He's got a good point. I wouldn't be surprised if he started killing them." Bones chimed in, making Jim scowl in his direction and Spock freeze mid pace. Lightly touching the base of his neck, Spock started to respond to the Doctor's statement when a soft, young and worried voice spoke up first. "Does that mean Mommy is going to die?" Greysam suddenly croaked from a corner of the room where he had been laying on a bench napping off the rest of the anesthesia Bones gave to him so he could treat his head wound. Hearing him, Jim whipped his head around instantly in his nephew's direction at the same time Spock rushed to his side while the others' expressions turned from startled to either sympathetic or apologetic. Uhura turned and shot Bones a death glare. "No Selek, your Mother is not going to die. Come." Spock responded first, reaching over to pick up the child before crossing the control room to where Chekov stood in front of an old set of monitors. Jim, Bones, Uhura and the others watched curiously to see what the Commander was up to. "Uh Spock are you sure it's okay for you to be doing any heavy lifting right now?" Jim asked tentatively getting no response in return as his Vulcan Commander bent over the key pad and typed something in. "What are you up to, Spock?" Uhura tried as Spock bent over the screen with Greysam lightly clutching to the fabric of his uniform jacket while snuggling into his neck. "I will explain shortly. Mr. Chekov, can you reconfigure the search parameters in order to compensate for this formula?" Spock asked, using his free hand to type something else into the computer after glancing over at the young ensign on his left. Chekov frowned and furrowed his brows as he moved to study the coordinates Spock had entered in. "Uhh, aye Commander, but what is this formula?" He asked confused. Carefully adjusting his grip on Grey, Spock turned and straightened his posture. "It is Vokaya, Mr. Chekov. A mineral unique to Vulcan which emits a low level radiation." He explained before turning to make eye contact with Jim. "This is how we will determine whether or not the crew is indeed located at the coordinates you and Lieutenant Uhura earlier confirmed." Still unsure, Chekov nodded and began to adjust some numbers on the monitor. "Very well, then I'll have to filter out all other energy emissions." "Spock, what the h*** would a Vulcan mineral be doing way out here?" Bones asked. "Yeah, where are you going with this?" Jim chimed in. Spock lightly raised an eyebrow. "Ambassador Kirk wears a Vokaya amulet which I presented to her as a gift and a token of my love and dedication to her." He explained happily before looking down at his son. "It once was in the possession of my Mother." "Whoa! Hold on, you gave your wife radioactive jewelry?" Bones asked worriedly. "The emission is harmless, Doctor. But its unique signature makes it very easy to identify. Since it is unlikely that another individual on this planet will be carrying traces of Vokaya, any match will guarantee that Katarina and by direct connection, the crew are being held in the place Lieutenant Uhura described." Spock answered readily. Bones still looked wary. "So..you gave your wife a tracking device then?" He retorted. The expression on Spock's face turned deeply thoughtful then as if he had only just now realized the truth of what Bones had implied. "That was not my intention." He said finally and Jim turned away to hide the amused smirk that had quirked his expression at the hint of sheepishness he heard in his first officer's tone. Bones just sighed and muttered under his breath. "Well I'm glad he doesn't love me." Covering up a snort of laughter with a cough, Jim started to respond when a soft beeping noise echoed around the room and Spock turned on his heel to refocus his attention on the screen behind him. Chekov quickly bent over the monitor and quickly scanned over the results. "Huh...it's finding a very small trace of Vokaya." He murmured, intrigued as he went over the tracking signal again. "Does the location match the coordinates you acquired from Kalara, Mr. Chekov?" Spock asked readily. Chekov looked up and nodded his head. "It is a match, Sir." "Then it is affirmative." Spock turned to face the Captain once again. "Katarina and the crew are being held at Krall's base and we must initiate a rescue immediately." Jim moved so he that he was closer to the screens. "Can we beam them out?" He asked. Chekov grimaced. "No Sir, there is a geological interference that is blocking the signal." He said dejectedly. Jim only nodded. "All right, I guess we'll have to go in there and break them out the old fashioned way." He decided, looking towards Bones, Uhura and Scotty. Spock started to nod. "You cannot go to this place!" Jaylah suddenly burst out from where she had been mostly silent in the middle of the room. "Everyone who goes there, he kills." She bit out a bit angrily, her chest heaving a bit with emotion. Jim furrowed his brow at her in confusion. "What-you've been there? You've seen it?" He asked. Glancing over at him, Jaylah gave a tiny reluctant nod. "Why didn't you say something, Lassie?" Scotty piped up, a bit calmer than when he normally spoke. "Because I know you'll ask me to take you there!" Jaylah retorted back through clenched teeth. "If your friends are there, then they will die, just like my family." She looked down at her feet, her dark painted eyes narrowing as she jabbed at the rusted floor with the toe of her boot. "And I will not go back to the death place!" "Well yes, but if you escaped then you can show us the way in and the way out." Scotty started to get excited, but Jaylah fired a glare in his direction so deadly, it stopped him in his tracks even before she began to scream. "No!..This is not the deal we made Montgomery Scotty!" Her gaze flickered around at the others who stood by watching her with a mixture of worry and awkwardness between them. "If you choose to do this, you're on your own!" She finally snapped before stalking off out of the main control room. Scotty scrambled to go after her. "Jaylah wait!" "Scott, just let her go." Jim tried to call him back, but Scotty did not stop. "No, she's lost people too, Captain." He responded before hurrying after the girl. Spock exhaled softly and looked down when he felt a tug on his clothes. "Daddy?..Are we going to get Mommy and everybody back now?" Grey asked softly, his dark eyes shining with worry and sadness. Giving the boy a warm reassuring look, Spock nodded his head and started to speak when Jim interrupted. "We are." He turned to face the child. "Don't you worry, Grey. We are not leaving here without the whole family." He said determinedly, briefly meeting the gazes of the remainder of his crew before turning to walk out in the same direction Scotty and Jaylah had left. ... "Look that's our friends out there, Lassie." Scotty pointed a finger over his shoulder as he stared Jaylah down, finding her in another part of the ship surrounded by a piles of busted machinery and gadget parts. "And that wee lad's Mother is one of them...We cannot just leave them behind." Jaylah sighed, but otherwise ignored him before bending over to tinker with something the Enginner wasn't familiar with. "We could really use your help is all." Scotty continued, taking a moment to steady his breathing. "You just need to be brave." Finally Jaylah stopped tinkering. Still not looking at him, she dropped the device she had been messing with, picked up her rifle from her shoulder strap and started to take it apart to replaced a damaged part. "When we were in that place," Jaylah started to speak in a tight voice. "Krall would come and take someone." With a little more force than necessary, she shoved a new piece of metal into place on her gun and turned the weapon over to check the ammunition compartment. "There were screams...I can still hear them." She shook out the burnt out shells. "Then we would not see that person again. We did not know who would be next." She looked up at Scotty then and stopped fiddling with her gun. "My Father planned an escape. But we were seen by the man...they called Manas. My father fought him so I could get out. He was brave!...And Manas killed him." Jaylah spat the words, grabbing small box from her belt pouch and grabbing some of the bolts inside to load into her weapon. "What you want, Montgomery Scotty, is impossible." Scotty took a deep breath then stepped a little closer to her. "Maybe not. All right, my old Granny used to say you cannot break a stick in a bundle. You are part of something big now, Lassie so don't ever give up on that. Cause we sure as h*** will never give up on you. That's what being a part of a crew is all about." Scotty finished, hoping his words were convincing enough to get Jaylah to try to work past her fears. Jaylah stared at him for a moment before her eyes flickered to a spot over her shoulder. "Is that what you believe in, James T?" She asked, her voice cracking as both she and Scotty turned to find the Captain standing in the doorway. "All I know is we stand a better chance with you. Is there anything you can tell us about the layout of Krall's base or what we can expect once we're in there?" Jim asked, fixing Jaylah with a soft yet firm gaze. Uttering a sigh, Jaylah finished fixing her weapon then slung it back over her shoudler before turning to leave the little room she had taken refuge in. ... "The digging machines uncovered a tunnel that goes into the crater. That's how I got out." Jaylah explained as she used a few stray gears and pieces of metal to illustrate Krall's base as well as she could from her memory and demonstrate how she made her escape. "Okay so that'll be our way in." Jim chimed in, walking around the table with his eyes still on make shift model. "An away team will beam to the other side of the tunnel and follow it to Krall's base, get inside the building and break out the crew." He looked up at his teammates. "I'll be risky." Uhura chimed in, thoughtfully rubbing her chin. "Krall's guards are always on the move and prisoners are watched at all times except during the fifteen minute guard relief period." Chekov began to hum. "Captain, we cannot lock on to anyone inside the crater in order to beam them out." He started to point out until Scotty raised an arm to cut him off. "I could rig up pulse beacons as a pattern enhancers. That'll get the signal out of the crater." He suggested. Chekov's eyes lit up. "All right, how many people can we transport here at a time?" Jim asked. Scotty shrugged, waving his hands as he tried to quickly do the calculation in his head. "Uh, with a wee bit of modification, 20 max, but I'm not sure how long it would hold out." Jim nodded at this and glanced back at Jaylah who had stepped back from the group after saying her piece. "Bones, Uhura, Mr. Chekov and Jaylah you're on the away team with me. Mr. Scott, modify that transporter and then do everything you can to get this ship operational." He ordered about to leave the area when Spock spoke up. "Captain! Mr. Chekov's technical acumen makes him more valuable aboard the Franklin with Mr. Scott. It is thereby logical that I would replace him." The Vulcan stated, his expression and tone calm yet assured. Jim raised an eyebrow. "Why is that logical, Spock? You just got back on your feet and Grey-." "Katarina is in that facility, Jim." Spock interrupted, the slightest tremor of emotion wavering in his otherwise steady voice. "I must personally see to it that she is taken safely from there." He was almost pleading. Jim still looked hesitant and his gaze flickered briefly to where he knew the stitches Bones had put in place to close up Spock's wound after dealing with the internal bleeding were hidden under the Commander's shirt. Bones sighed and nodded his head at the situation, making eye contact with the Captain before speaking. "I'll keep an eye on him." He promised. Uhura stepped up. "And I'll stay behind with Greysam and keep him occupied. Not to be subordinate, Captain, but I don't really relish the idea of going back to that prison base." She offered. With a sigh, Jim finally relented. "Fine. Understood." Uhura gave him a weak yet grateful smile in return. "But Uhura is right. Krall's soldiers are everywhere." Jaylah spoke up again. "We won't go by unseen." She warned. Spock nodded his head in agreement. "What we require is a diversion." The others thought for a minute on this until Jim let out a soft chuckle. "Leave that part to me." He responded, his eyes moving towards the left side of the bridge control room where an old motorcycle was set propped up against a wall. Jim had been eyeing it since he and Chekov had first met up with Scott and Jaylah and now taking in its sleek framework and midnight black paint job, an idea formed in his head. ... "The Federation has pushed the boundaries of the frontier for centuries, but no longer!" Krall bellowed as he led the way back out into the open air towards a towering spire that loomed ahead like a mechanical monster of some kind. Still reeling from Syl's horrific death, Kat could only tighten her jaw and fix her captors with a cold unrelenting stare as she stumbled across the rocky terrain next to Manas. "This is where it begins, Ambassador!" Krall continued and Kat's expression morphed into a darker glare. "Where what begins?...Your continued horrific slaughter of innocent people?" She raised her voice. Manas let out a snarl and started to lash out on her until Krall stepped between them, staring deep into the furious eyes of the woman before him. "No Ambassador..." he drew out the name of her title. "This is when the Federation fights back!" He grabbed her arm and started to pull her forward with him towards the tower when the growling of a motorcycle pierced through the air. Krall and Manas froze momentarily until a blue and gray blur zoomed by below them, taking off at break neck speed around the base. The figure grinned before disappearing behind a large boulder and Krall let out an indignant growl before tossing Kat aside to the ground and snatching a weapon from Manas's hands. When the figure reappeared on the other side of a boulder, Krall quickly took aim and fired off several shots. Kat gasped with shock when the figure whipped by her and she recognized the mop of sandy brown hair blowing in the air current just before his lips curved into the briefest of smirks. "Jim!" She cried out just as one of Krall's shots hit its mark. At that moment the figure disappeared only to be replaced by a completely identical figure on the same motorcycle zooming out from the opposite direction. Kat gaped for a second before quickly scrambling back to her feet. Holograms?...What is this? She wondered, glancing back in the direction of her captors as they frantically tried to make sense of the situation. Sensing that they were distracted by the sudden appearance of multiple Jims, Kat quickly turned away and began making her escape down the steep slope on the opposite side of the hill they'd just climbed. When she reached the bottom, Kat started to stand to break into a run, ducking her head to avoid getting hit by the crossfire when her foot slipped on a loose stone just before another replica of Jim almost ran over her. Huffing a bit in annoyance, Kat took only a second to catch her breath before throwing herself into a crawl over the sharp rocks and gravel. Only when she'd found temporarily shelter under one of the bridges built into the base did she pause then look around to make sure that she hadn't been followed. Phaser fire was filling the air with smoke and Jean could hear Krall shouting orders in his ancient language whilst the guards poured from nearly every compound hastily aiming their advanced weaponry at the closest Jim to them. Breathing a soft sigh, Kat started to slide back under the safety of the bridge again, when she caught sight of three other figures moving quickly yet stealthily across the other side of the base through her peripherals. One, a figure with white skin and long matching colored hair she didn't recognize, but the man running on her left had a head of very distinctly styled dark hair framed on either side by a pair of long pointed ears. Spock! She nearly cried aloud with joy and relief at seeing her husband's silhouette rushing through Krall's base with his companions. Glancing back over at where the guards were standing still trying to shoot at the dozens of Jims riding around the base, Kat took a deep breath and began to move hoping that they wouldn't notice her and that the direction she was taking would eventually lead her to cross paths with Spock and the rescue party. As she started to pick up her pace a little, a bolt of laser fire nearly grazed her shoulder causing her to sharply duck back down again behind a bunch of slightly smaller boulders as another holographic Jim zoomed by returning fire at the guards who were standing right above him. After taking a few moments to get over her surprise and level her breathing again, Kat looked around, searching for any sign of Spock. Not seeing him, she grabbed at the rock closest to her with one hand attempting to pull herself back onto her feet when she heard a sharp yell come from somewhere by the bridge a few feet away on her right. Recognizing the sound, Kat began to run uncaring of the danger around her as she bent and scooped up a good sized round rock between her hands on her way to the bridge. When she was about four feet away, she paused briefly before taking off again, picking up her speed and lifting the rock to the level of her forehead. Her eyes narrowed before they zeroed in on the two tall monstrous forms who were attempting to corner and overpower Spock who had somehow become separated from others he had entered the base with. Quickly regaining his bearings, Spock quickly managed to fatally shoot one of his attackers before the other jabbed him in the ribs sending him crashing to the ground with another cry that made Kat's heart twinge again. Breaking into a dead sprint, Kat threw herself at the guard just as he raised his weapon to shoot the downed Vulcan below him, bringing the rock in her hands crashing into his skull. With a horrible shriek, the guard went down, losing his grip on his weapon as Spock quickly scrambled backwards to avoid getting pinned under the creature's weight. Dropping the rock once her eyes locked on his, Kat scrambled over the dead guards' bodies to get to Spock, forgetting for a second about everything even Syl's death as she threw her arms around his shoulders and buried her face in his neck. He let out another grunt this one more muted, but still pained as Kat's weight fell on him. "Oh Spock! You're here! I can't believe it's..." Kat pulled away to look him over. "What-I mean...how did you-? "I had assumed, it would be clear, Thy'la." Spock cut her off, his right hand moving to clutch at his ribs as he maintained his gaze on her. "Clearly..I am here to rescue you." Spock continued, raising his other hand to touch Kat's cheek. "Clearly." A weak smile turned the side of Kat's mouth at the mix of sincerity and slight bewilderment that colored her lifemate's voice. Then her gaze fell on his other hand which was still clutched at his side and her smile fell. "Are you okay? Why are you holding your ribs like that?" She reached to pull his hand away, but Spock stopped her, attempting to get back to his feet though it was clear that the blow he took from the last guard had done some level of significant damage to him. "It is just a minor inconvenience." His gaze returned to his wife and he began to quickly assess her as she had done to him. "Are you all right? Have you been harmed whilst you were here?" He asked, his free hand reaching to lightly stroke a small scratch Kat had sustained the last time she dropped into the rocks to avoid getting shot. Kat grabbed his hand. "I'm fine! They didn't hurt me...Grey was hurt though! One of the guards hit him in the head! I sent him away with Uhura to escape. Did you-?" "He is fine! Greysam is well!" Spock cut her off for the second time since their reunion as he straightened his posture, satisfied that there was no serious damage done. "Lieutenant Uhura managed to find her way to the U.S.S. Franklin with him and has elected to remain behind to keep watch over him whilst I, the Captain, Dr. McCoy and Jaylah attempted to free you and the remainder of the crew." Spock's hand returned to touch her again, except this time his fingers curled around Kat's left shoulder. "Grey's head injury was deep, but not life-threatening and Dr. McCoy is certain that he will soon make a quick full recovery. You've no need to worry for him, Katarina." He quickly reassured her. Kat smiled, the relief this time hitting her like a wall ice cold water at the reassurance that their son was safe. "Good...Oh good!" She threw herself at her husband again, this time being careful not to hurt his side as she felt him wind both his arms around her in return while the tip of his nose gently grazed the side of her neck. The sudden sound of blaster fire hitting a ledge nearby snapped both of them out of their moment with Spock almost immediately going back into Commander mode as he remembered what it was he had come here to do. "We should regroup with the others at the rendezvous point. Mr. Scott and Mr. Chekov should be ready to beam us out." He grasped Kat's arm and started to pull her away out from under the bridge they had been standing under. Kat nodded and followed after him as best she could. "Spock?" She called to him as they weaved around the many little hovels that made up Krall's base, dodging laser fire and the still running holograms of Jim as they went. Spock glanced briefly back at her. "Yes Katarina?" Kat gently moved her hand in Spock's grip and hastily formed the Vulcan kiss as best she could whilst still running. "Ashau nash-veh tu." She responded softly, feeling Spock's fingers moving to reciprocate the kiss. "Ashau nash-veh tu." ...
