A/N: Here is the first chapter of my forth story involving Sam and Dean Winchester and the Enterprise. Not sure where to put it in terms of crossover or not, but as it mostly does not have them dealing with anything supernatural, I have not put it there. As you may have noticed from the title, I am having my own crack at writing a Tarsus IV story. The reason I haven't had POV from Sam yet, is that the first half of this one is from hers, something I thought of from the beginning. I am only posting the first chapter for now, as I haven't finished it, I'm about two-thirds to three-quarters done. Will do a second chapter when I have finished it. I have made a few notes of the forth and final story in what I am calling my SuperTrek series, so I will be making a more serious start when I have finished this one. So sit back and enjoy. Sam was happy that the Hunters had been accepted so quickly and easily by most on board the Enterprise. Unanimously, the whole ship agreed to keep the existence of the Hunters a secret. Ships logs were altered, autopsy reports changed to reflect accidental deaths, and the whole ship signed documents to not discuss what had happened with anyone, even if ordered. Archer had put his authorisation on the file so that anyone who dug, would have to go through him. Anyone that was brought on board to replace those that had been lost weren't informed, and likely wouldn't be unless something happened. The five-year mission was over, and the ship and her crew had returned to Earth, nearly seven years after leaving it. Word was that Kirk had been offered another five-year mission, and that he was thinking of taking it. He was first going to allow the crew a much-needed break on Earth before saying anything. That had been two months ago, and Sam and the other Hunters had returned from helping the Earth-bound ones with a werewolf breakout. Sam and Dean sought out Leon, and found him, Kirk, Sulu, Scotty, Keenser, Spock and Uhuru in a bar not far from HQ. She went up to him and spun him round before he was able to comprehend what was going on. "Hey stranger, I've missed you." And she kissed him before he knew what was happening. Sam could hear surprised sounds from the others, and a wolf whistle issued from one of them, prompting Leon to break off the kiss and glare at Kirk. She laughed. "Now this, I've missed." She leanded against him and felt his arms wrap around her, she relaxed as his warmth seeped into her, easing muscles still tight from stress and tension. "I thought you would have missed being with the other Hunters." Kirk said, handing her a drink upon his return from the bar. "I did," her voice turned sad as she thought back to the breakout, taking a drink from the slushie mix as she gathered her thoughts. "We lost a dozen hunters in the last few months. It's been a long time since we've lost that many in such a short time frame." She could hear the others gasp, knowing that they knew that to lose that many would be painful. And it was, she could still feel the blood of several on her hands as they bled out. "You doing ok?" Leon asked, she could feel him rubbing circles into her back, and it was calming her immensely. They had gotten engaged before she had left for Canada. She was still finding bits of streamers in her wardrobe from the shipwide celebrations. "I'm not going to lie, it's going to take a while. There are only a few Hunters older than me. We have a horribly short life span, given our chosen career. If you live to 60, you're considered ancient. There are only a dozen left in the US that are older than me, and they're all in their late fifties." "Sam's ordered them to be researchers in the Bunker; teachers and trainers to ones that come into the life. Yes, we learn on the job, but she's got us being taught by the best there is as well in a safe-ish environment." Dean spoke up as he returned from getting another round of drinks. "I doubt that's going to stop them from going out into the field." "Can you blame them? For us, saving people, Hunting things, it's the family business. For them, it's a way to get back at the things that go bump in the night." Dean responded to her. She knew, but she didn't want to lose any more friends. "I've known all of them my whole life, Dean. I've lost so many already, I don't want to be the last of the old timers, not for a long time." She knew there was a double meaning behind her words, and she could see the others got it. She was going to live longer than any of them as it was, she didn't want to be alone any sooner than she had to be. She saw Dean pull out his phone and send off a text. She guessed it was to the old timers, telling them what she had said. She had a feeling that they would be at the Bunker or Sinclair's place before too long, and that it would be a while before they ventured out again. Kirk handed out the drinks that Dean and brought over "To those we've lost, and gained." He toasted, Sam joining in. Sulu and Keenser, while they would never be fully fledged Hunters, had taken to learning more. It was a big help, knowing that there were more people to help out, or just explain. "I've heard that you're thinking of taking another five-year mission, Captain." She asked after a moment of silence. Strangely enough, she found the prospect fun. Meeting new people, the chance to find other methods of dealing with things, or where they originated from. "I'll wait until everyone returns before asking if they would like to re-join the ship. But either way, I'm taking one." He nodded and set his drink down, looking around the bar. Sam followed his gaze and tracked around the bar herself, and saw several others from the ship. She was glad for the break, it had allowed her to catch up with the others and set a few things in place for training anyone that got into the life. The rest of the night was spent catching up, with everyone heading off around eleven. "You want some company tonight?" Leon asked. "Please." She was leaning against him again, and he had his arm wrapped around her shoulder as they walked. Spock had taught her so many techniques, but she was still struggling with blocking things. She was still catching snippets of the memories from some of the Hunters she had tried to help. She was getting better, but every now and again, when she was exhausted, her walls weren't as strong. Having Leon with her that night would be a huge help. They arrived at her place, and after a quick shower, snuggled together in bed. She didn't want to do anything that night other than that, her walls and will to fragile to handle anything else. When Leon asked what had happened, she told him everything, talking into the early hours of the morning. She told him of the memories that plagued her from the blood that had seeped between her fingers as another childhood friend bled out beneath her. She was grateful when he understood that she merely wanted company. It was two days later that they received a comm from Kirk. He was calling the crew to the ship, saying that he had been given a short simple mission from the Starfleet heads as a shakedown cruise for new staff. Almost everyone had re-joined the Enterprise, but there were several new faces, and not just because of the Ripper case. Sam was still deciding if she wanted another Hunter brought on board to replace Devereaux. "Jim, what are our orders?" Leon asked as he and Sam entered the bridge. Sam took her seat beside Sulu, and together they set about disengaging the ship from the port as Kirk explained what was happening. "I've been given coordinates of a planet that we've been tasked with checking out. It was abandoned some years ago due to a natural disaster and we've been asked to take a look to see if it can be resettled." Kirk said as he settled into his seat. "Winchester, the coordinates should be in the system. Plot a course and inform the crew of what we are doing." She nodded and looked through the navigational files to locate the latest inclusion. She was typing them in when she realised they were familiar to her. Wondering why, she paused to check and make sure she was wrong. Kirk must have noticed something was wrong, as he called out to her. "Winchester, everything alright?" She took a moment to double check the planet, and not knowing how anyone was going to react, stuttered for a moment, "Um, uh… eh." Taking a breath, she instead asked, "Captain, did you see the coordinates?" "No." He leaned forward, obviously catching her tone, but not sure what to make of it. "It's just," she sighed and decided to just bite the bullet, "there's only one planet in the Tarsus system that they'd want us to check." She heard several people gasp. When no one said anything for a moment, Spock said, "Tarsus IV." While the rest of the universe believed the story of a natural disaster; the heads of Starfleet, Captains and those on Command track, knew that there had been no natural disaster. That one man had gotten it into his head to play god. Everyone froze for several seconds, before Kirk simply stood and left the room. Sam, like everyone else watched him leave, until something flashed through her mind and she almost gasped. She reached out to Spock and Leon, stopping them from following him. "Wait guys, I think I know why he left." She slipped between them to follow him, only to have Leon stop her. "Sam?" "It was no natural disaster that killed all those people. Kodos, the man in charge, massacred half the population." "How do you know this? The files do not state anything other than a massive earthquake that destroyed the city." Spock said, and Sam could see the questioning gazes of the others. "I was there." She heard the room gasp again. "And I think he may have known some of the others there, too." "Sam, what were you doing there?" Leon asked, worry in his voice. "Later, I need to find the Captain. Sulu, set a course for Tarsus III. It's close enough that the Fleet won't know we've changed course slightly. They'll be asking what's happening shortly if we don't leave." With that, she left the bridge, leaving a stunned crew behind her. She hurried after the retreating back of Kirk, who she had just realised she knew by another name. "Captain! Kirk!" She paused a moment as she followed, noting that the man hadn't changed pace. So she changed track. "JT!" Kirk stopped, frozen mid step. "I'm a pretty good hunter, kid." Using the words she had said to him, in the accent she had used, all those years ago. "Thea." He said then, his voice sounding relieved, shocked and questioning. He turned around to face her. "How?" "Blame Jayla. Constantly calling you James T. When Tarsus came up, I finally realised why you were so familiar." "The others?" He looked back behind her. "I told them that you might know people who had been there. Told them that I had been." She went over to him then, taking a hold of his arm to ground him in the now as she saw him start to fall into a flashback. "They're going to want to know." "The Fleet…" He was shell-shocked, and Sam was starting to realise that he may not have ever received counselling after returning to Earth. And he could still very well be grieving. It may have been over twenty years since Tarsus, but on occasion she still had nightmares. She figured that he did too. His name, because of who his father was, had been blocked out from the report of survivors. As were several others to protect them. They, like her, knew what Kodos looked like; unlike them, however, no one had known she was there. Kodos had never been found, and many believed he was still alive. From what she had been able to uncover while she was on the planet, there could still be people out there who could come after them to silence them. Kodos' reach was long, even so many years later. "I've ordered Sulu to set a course for Tarsus III. The rest of the ship haven't been told where we're going, and Starfleet won't know we haven't gone there for a few days." She watched as he nodded, then she led him to the Office. She commed the Beta bridge crew to take over from Alpha, stating the senior members were needed for a meeting. After that she contacted the bridge and told them where to meet. She also contacted Dean to meet them. He hadn't been there, but he would be welcome support, as would Scotty. "We have time enough to tell them. After that, you can decide if you want to go to the surface." He nodded numbly as he took a seat in the well cluttered office. Sam looked up as Spock announced to the rest of the ship what Kirk had told them in the beginning, only leaving out the destination. It would soon be known anyway. She set about tidying up and clearing space for the others when Dean entered with several chairs, Scotty behind him. She moved several of the brothers' journals back onto their shelves as he spoke. "Jim, you ok?" He asked, his Scottish accent thick with worry. Sam noticed how pale the captain looked. She nodded to Dean who left to get food for them all. "Sit, Monty, everything will be explained shortly." She said, keeping an eye on Jim. After that, it was only a few minutes before the rest of the crew arrived. Spock entered first, Uhura beside him. Sulu and Leon followed, with Dean bringing up the rear with a tray of fruit. She waited until everyone was seated before saying, "As I said before, I was on Tarsus when the massacre happened." She nodded in Scotty's direction. "I was 20 when it happened. Dad and I were going after something on Tarsus II, but on the way, we discovered that it gained power by draining strong women." "So, Dad dropped her off on Tarsus IV on the way. It was the least populated and chances were that no one would even know she was there. If they went to a more populated planet, questions would have been asked about what they had on the ship." Dean said, taking over from her when she stopped. The memories stirred up, causing her to pause to get a handle on them. "How old were you, Dean?" Leon asked. "One, two. Mum was still with him then. They split about a year later, she never knew Sam was Vulcan." Sam was glad they didn't ask more questions about their family; talking about that time always hurt. "Ship?" Kirk asked. "The Hunters have a ship?" "Yeah, but we don't travel that far from Earth. It was a gift from a very grateful family we saved from a vengeful ancestor." Sam said, taking a bite from an apple. "So, you were on the planet when Kodos took over?" Kirk asked, taking some fruit. "Yeah. I'd been there for a few months before that though." A/N2: Just realised that was the longest Author's Note I've ever written.
A/N: I know, a long time since I've updated, but life has been crazy. Between pipelines choking and my Dad needing treatment, I really haven't have much time to type. Here's the next chapter, enjoy. Tarsus IV, 23 years ago Sam looked around her campsite. She had been there for a couple of months, ever since her dad had dropped her off. As much as she wanted to help go after the witch, she knew that her father would be too worried about her to be able to concentrate. So she agreed to be left on Tarsus IV. The planet was the last to be settled in the system, and the eight thousand people that called it home were happy, from what she could tell with a few days watching from the fringes. She hadn't ventured into the town; as everybody knew everybody else and word of a new person would spread quickly. She stayed away from them, content to live off the land. She had a decent amount of rations, which she supplemented with by living off the land. There was a large amount of edible plants and she had discovered a way of making a coarse flour from the seeds of one. She had also found a native type of bee that produced good honey, the wax making very long-lived candles. She had camped a couple of weeks walk north-east from the town, after determining where the scientists, that made up the majority of the population, were focusing their research on. There was still a lot to be discovered about the planet, and the man in charge, Kodos, wanted to know everything about it. So far, they were focusing on the south-west region where they had started mining something. The planet itself was very similar to Earth in size, air and gravity, but was volatile in nature. Earthquakes shook the planet every few months, but in the 50 years that it had been monitored from a distance, none were above 3 points on the Richter scale. If the ground did open up, small amounts of radiation would escape until an aftershock would close the crack again. The levels would soon diminish, which was another thing that they were looking into. The scientists were fascinated. What started as a town of scientists, soon grew to a small family friendly city. It was set up in an area that was the least affected by the 'quakes, and proved the best way for it to be studied. A shield was placed over a third of the planet, allowing its occupants to be safe from the radiation that spilled in the more violent areas. Sam was camped on the edge of that shield, the town closer to the centre where it was more protected. Families soon joined, and turned the out of the way planet into a major stopping point onto the rest of the system. The planets had been named in the order in which they had been settled. Tarsus IV was the second in the chain, but due to it's nature, had been settled last. She took one more turn around the perimeter, securing things. She watched the animals to tell her what the weather was doing. Many of the smaller ones had started to seek shelter that morning. She guessed that there were strong winds or worse coming from the north, as they were sheltering on the southern side of trees and rocks. Satisfied that everything was as good as it was going to be, she headed off to collect food for the next few days, knowing that it would take a while for the plants she ate to replenish themselves. The shield was designed to only stop gamma radiation from entering the area, not the natural elements. These storms came up every weeks, and they were very violent. Winds strong enough to snap branches 10cm in diameter and on occasion uproot trees were not uncommon. Very little in the way of rain, but that generally fell at night only lightly, giving it plenty of time to soak into the rich soil. She didn't use anything that could be traced. She never walked the same path twice, and moved every couple of weeks. Using traps, that she changed the location of every few days, she was able to get several different types of animals every time. She would make notes of all of them, sex, size, colours, what they ate, everything a scientist would. She planned on leaving the book on the door of one of the scientists who studied the fauna and flora when she left. Sam left the cave she had called home two days later. The winds had ravaged the area, forcing her to remain inside; now she ventured out to see what damage had been done. She saw that the drying house she had made to dry some of the fruit in, had been smashed by a large branch from a giant fern-like tree. Fortunately, she had emptied it a couple of days before. The thin spindly red vines that hung between several trees she used as a clothes line were gone, and the little stream that ran beside the mouth of the cave had been directed away by the uprooting of another tree. She sighed. She had liked the area, mainly the stream. She was planning on moving in another week anyway, only now, she had to do so sooner. Gathering her things up, and salvaging what she could from the drying house took the rest of the day. The next morning, she set off to an area she had picked out the week before. It was nearing midnight when she arrived, so she simply dumped her things, spread her bedroll out and fell asleep. Morning showed the rock outcrop she had picked as her next site. Several flat rocks were laying against one another, forming a small shelter she could just stand up and lay down in. It was near the top of a small rise and had fresh water that seeped from the rocks above; making a small shower that formed a small pool at the base of the rocks. Showing quickly in the cold water, she filled her canteen and set about making camp. She had just finished when she noticed the quiet. There were no animals or birds that she could hear. Thinking it was strange, she scouted out a perimeter and had a look around. She noticed a strange gold coloured fungus with white streaks covering a lot of the plants. She packed a day's rations and headed out to see how far it reached. What she found, worried her. The fungus had covered every plant within a day's walk, but she could see it reaching beyond that, even where she had walked the day before. She would have remembered seeing it yesterday, especially after the explosion that lit up the sky; she had been on edge for the rest of the trip after that. The plants were still living, but nothing was eating them. Whatever fungus it was, it spread fast, and wasn't edible. She had trekked out to the edge of the shield and saw it was a lot denser outside of the shield. She remembered the wind the day before. It had been blowing non-stop in her face. She guessed that the spores had been in the wind, and that they had grown overnight. If it grew that fast, how soon would it reach the town, which lay to the south-west of her current position? And how soon would they run out of food? She hurried back to her camp and checked her own supplies. After making sure that she had no spores on her, she undid the covering, and was relieved to see nothing had gotten into her food. She wrapped them again and packed up her things, making sure she didn't have any of the spores. She left all but the essentials, wanting to move fast. The wind had stopped, but she wanted to see how far south the wind had spread the fungus, so she set off toward the town. I know this is short, so I'm posting another after this. Also, I'm tossing up a couple of ideas for the final story in this series. Should I include another TV series in this, or just leave it as the two?
A/N: Since the previous chapter was so short, I though I'd better make it a double update. It took her ten days at a steady jog until she arrived on the outskirts of it. Food was harder to find, the longer she walked, so by the time she got there, her stores were almost gone. She had past several fields in the days before arriving, but they remained unaffected by the fungus. Wondering at that, she dug up several of the potato like roots, finding them to be perfectly edible. Once she was in the town, she noticed the gardens were covered in the fungus, turning them into a golden portrait; she noted the eerie silence as she past them. No one was around, and there were no animals or birds making their usual chatter. She came across a school and noticed that there were no children or adults in the yard, yet it was lunch time. No longer caring if anyone saw her, she entered the grounds. Walking up to a window, she looked in, placing a hand on the sill as she lent in. She reeled back in horror a second later, shaking her hands. The classroom was filled with people laying on the ground, hunched over tables, slumped in chairs. She didn't need a doctor to tell her they were dead, she could feel their spirits crying out for revenge from where she had placed her hand. The room looked like they had tried to break out, smashed chairs littered the floor near the doors and windows. They had suffocated. With the hermetical way the building was sealed, there was no way to tell how long ago it had happened. Doing a quick spell to lay them to rest for a while, she hurried on as he pulled her gloves on, wondering upon who they sought revenge. She soon had her answer, as she heard a commotion in front of her. Walking slowly up the small rise that led to a park on the edge of the town, she dropped to the ground as she reached the top. Looking down into the golden garden, she saw the rest of the town had been gathered and were slowly being split into two groups. Names were called, and the families were moving to behind a dais. Sam had a bad feeling about the whole thing. Laying a mental grid over the population, she estimated that at least 1500 people were missing. She changed that to dead, remembering the classroom. Buildings such as banks, schools, shops, malls, office blocks and the labs, could be hermetically sealed. Once that happened, they relied on internal life support. All of which was controlled in the Central Building, under the command of Kodos. The people below her, were the ones that had been in personal homes, or outside when the other buildings were sealed. Judging from the lack of fear in those below her, they didn't yet know the fate of those in the buildings, which meant that it had happened at some point that morning. As the last of the names were read out, several hundred soldiers suddenly appeared from behind buildings, guns like the ones she used to Hunt, raised. She thought it an odd choice of weapon, as guns ran out of ammo, phasers didn't. She looked to Kodos as he spoke, saying that food was scarce, and that there wasn't enough for all, that the ones that stood before him needed to die to save the rest. That Starfleet hadn't answered their call for help. She would forever remember what he said. And his face. Sam found that odd. Starfleet would have sent help from the nearby planets. The winds would have carried spores faster than she could have walked, which meant, that the fungus had gotten into the stores within days of her seeing it for the first time. But, again, that didn't make sense. The stores were hermetically sealed, which meant that they should be fine, not to mention, all the crops she had passed, were fine. She didn't get a chance to ponder further, as the soldiers opened fire. She flinched as people started to fall. Several of the soldiers were just below her, so she grabbed one of them around his neck and hauled him back over the rise. Snapping his neck, she grabbed his gun and started to take out the soldiers, hoping to allow some of the people to escape. She suddenly spotted a group of children that had somehow escaped the fate of their schoolmates. They were crouched down, trying to escape the notice of the soldiers in the confusion. Sam made it her mission then to help them. She took out anyone that fired at them, and cleared a path for them when they got close to the edge. She kept an eye on them, and around her in case she got noticed; until they made it to the tree line, 200mt away. Satisfied that they were as safe as they could be for the moment, she turned and headed back the way she had come, grabbing the utility belts from dead soldiers as she went past, collecting ammo and snagging a radio. She ran for the trees, ducking as she was fired upon, until she was also in the trees. She hid behind a large clump of fire-coloured bushes she had stashed her bag in before entering the town. She saw several people pass her, but with the hasty concealment spell she had thrown up, they didn't see her. She waited until dark before moving out. She headed in the direction she had seen the children running in. Chances were, they would have kept going in a straight line, simply to get away from the men. She wondered what had prompted Kodos to do this. The stores should be fine, and she didn't understand why Starfleet hadn't answered the distress call. She pulled up suddenly, a horrid thought crossing her mind. Unless no call was sent, and Kodos suddenly got it into his head to play God. Dismissing the thought for now, she focused on finding the kids. She remembered that she had seen at least ten kids; and she wondered how they hadn't been in school. The oldest had looked to be around fifteen, sixteen. She hoped that they were smart enough to find cover and hide until dark, otherwise, she would be looking for ghosts. Already she could feel the spirits of those killed. She paused and sent out a request to them to leave the area so she could help those still alive. She felt the effect immediately, the souls agreeing and leaving the area and her nerves settling. That done, she sent a prayer to whoever was listening, to allow those that crossed over safe passage and a peaceful afterlife. She continued for several hours, finding the tracks in the moonlight. The three crescent moons almost made it seem like day to her Vulcan sight, but she knew that none of the soldiers would be able to see, hence their retreat back to the city once darkness descended. She followed them for several hundred metres, noticing that they turned off from a straight path soon after it got dark. Smiling at the forethought of whoever was in the lead, she followed the footprints. She soon noticed that they were getting slower, scuff marks from dragging toes showing on the soft ground, and she slowed her pursuit. She thought that they could very well be resting up a head of her, and she didn't want to stumble across them by accident. Turning off the tracks, Sam went out wide, with the idea of getting ahead of them, or at least, seeing where they were. She headed back toward the line they had been on, and as she came to a rise, she saw a small depression in the ground. There, she saw the children huddled together, under a mass of branches. She smiled at seeing them safe, and that they had attempted to camouflage themselves. If she hadn't been looking, she wouldn't have seen them. Knowing that they wouldn't be moving until at least dawn, she headed off to see if she could find something for them to eat. Sam had noticed that the ones who had been shot at, had been slimmer than those allowed to live. While she didn't know how much they had in the way of stores, there was no way they would have gone through that much in just two weeks. Half rations for the whole town would have lasted them several weeks, if not more than a month. She came across a tree that had somehow not been attacked by the fungus, and it was filled with fruit. She had eaten it before, but knew that too much would make them sick if they hadn't been eating right for a while. She picked enough for all of them to have a bit of a meal, though she figured that whoever was leading them would make sure the younger ones got more. She headed back to the group, and double counted. They had picked up a few more, they now numbered fifteen. Leaving the fruit where they could see them, and a note explaining that too much would make them ill, she retreated into the trees. She couldn't do a concealment spell large enough to cover them, so she set about doing a 'leave the area' ward around them to keep the soldiers away. That done, she threw a concealment spell over her bush. She closed her eyes and rested, knowing that she would hear them wake come morning. It was the crying of a small child that woke her the next morning. "I want my Mommy." Sam winced, knowing that the chances were high that the mother was dead. Others soon joined in, a chorus of kids wanting their parents. The calls for food soon joined the noise, prompting Sam to leave her hideout and scout around the area, to make sure there were no soldiers in the area. When she returned, she was pleased to see that they had found the fruit she had left behind, only one of the boys was stopping the others from eating it. "Guys, we don't know if it's poisoned, or who left it. We're not touching it." He looked to be around thirteen, fourteen years old, but he had an air of authority about him. Sam suddenly realised that she couldn't see the seventeen-year-old boy she had seen with them the day before. Whoever this kid was, he seemed to have a good head on his shoulders, and was most likely the one who had turned them off the path the night before. The older boy must have not seen the sense in doing it and had kept going. She hoped that he was alright. "JT, they're hungry, and Lil isn't going to survive much longer without food. None of us are, just as none of us have eaten in two days." A younger boy said, coming close to the older boy and leading him away a little from the group. It seemed the older one had become the leader. "Riles, we don't know who…" Sam knew the reason for him stopping, she had just reached a hand out from behind a tree and picked up a fruit. She took a bite out of the blue pomegranate type fruit and put it back with the rest, making a show of spitting out the purple seeds. She retreated into the scrub as JT came closer. The others were far enough away that they hadn't seen her take the fruit. He was wary, it showed clearly in the blue eyes. The blonde hair was brushed back from his face as he tried to peer into the bushes, but her concealment spell was shielding her. She had left a knife at the base of the tree she had hidden behind when she took the fruit, and she knew the moment he had spotted it. He looked around in case it was a trap, but when nothing happened when he picked it up, he stepped back. She watched a moment as he took another look around before starting to cut the fruit. He handed it out, telling them not to eat too fast. They all got a half, JT having the one she had taken a bite out of. The extra half was split again between the youngest two children. They were about three or four years old, the eldest, a girl, was about fifteen. JT, it seemed had done something the night before, and as a result, they all followed his orders. The remainder of the fruit was retained in the bag she had put it in and slung over JT's shoulder, the bone handled knife stuck through the belt of his pants. He directed them north, further away from the city. Knowing that they would be ok for now, as there hadn't been any more soldiers, she turned and headed back; she wanted to see if she could find any more food for the kids.
A/N: Hi all, I know I've been gone a verrrry long time, sorry. Dealing with the drought, Dad being ill and my own depression has taken a toll on everything including my writing. I have several chapters written for this story already, I've just got to get them posted. I'm a little stuck with a section which has not helped me to continue, but I will do my best. I'll try tp post a couple of chapters today, so to those who have stuck with me and my horrendous updating, THANK YOU and I hope you enjoy them. Why? As Sam had expected, the stores were fine when she snuck up to them the next day. And oddly, the fungus was clearing from the plants within the town. It seemed to be drying up and falling off the plants. Some of the younger ones had died, but many of the more established ones were doing ok, even if several branches were dead. She kept to the shadows and sneaked through the streets; heading back to the scene of the massacre from two days before. It was like nothing had happened. No bodies, no blood, not even the dais Kodos had used was there. All trace of what happened had been cleaned away. He must be trying to make out that nothing happened to get things back to normal as soon as possible. She thought to herself. She wondered just how half a town could turn on their neighbours. Shaking her head, she shadowed several soldiers as they cleared houses. After each one was cleared, she went in and looked for food. She managed to find a couple of hidden stores, and after putting them in her bag, she moved onto the next. Several times she saw someone race from their hiding spot whenever soldiers came into view. She tried to get them to stop, to stay hidden if she was nearby, but they never listened. She knew it was better to stay still, as it was movement that got you noticed. She watched helplessly as they were killed. Whatever Kodos was trying to do, it involved the mass murder of half a population. It was mid-afternoon when she got a hint of what it was. Kodos himself was in the centre garden. His white hair was still against the breeze, plastered down with a thick coating of product. Pale skin made his grey eyes stand out even more, giving him the appearance of a ghost. Sam had read up on the man, and while she knew him to be in his early forties, his sunken eyes mixed with his hair colour, made him look several decades older. Sam wanted to take him out, but the presence of so many soldiers made it a suicide mission. She needed to help the kids. "What of the inferior?" He asked someone standing next to him, his voice sounding like the hiss of angry ghosts she had dealt with over the years, like a snake slithering over sand. Sam pulled out a comm device, aimed it at them and hit record. The device picked up every word, and Sam knew that if Starfleet would come, this would go a long way in convicting him. "Less than two hundred remain." The man, who Sam took to be his second in command, took notes on a PADD before looking at the older man. "Sire, I understand that you didn't want certain bloodlines within the Riche, but I know you wanted the Kirk boy, why kill his parents?" He was several years younger, with red hair and a scar on the left side of his face. "They weren't his parents. His aunt, uncle and cousins, were not of the calibre I wanted to create." "Still, if they were allowed to live, you would have the boy now." "Perhaps. My men have orders and will find him and bring him to me. Generations in the past have had the right idea. Create a race of people stronger, faster, smarter than the rest of humanity by culling the weak, the ill. Those that remain will be ruled by the best. Here, without the interference of Starfleet, I will create that race. Once we have grown, and the rest of humanity have been weakened by inferior blood, we will emerge and lead the human race to glory." Sam, while liking the chance to get information on what was happening, was sickened by what she was hearing. "Understood, Sire. How is it that Starfleet do not know?" "I sent half a distress message, stating that a massive earthquake was occurring, had destroyed the shield, and radiation was leaking from the ground. I made the message cut out, as it would with an overload of such a substance. With the threat of exposure from the planet itself, and no way of stopping it, they won't come. If anyone tries to scan the planet, they'll get such readings." "The large explosion in the sky two weeks ago." Sam remembered that. She had wondered at it and the strange mushroom shaped cloud it left. Now it seemed she had her answer. "Yes, an atom or nuclear bomb. I had several scientists build it before I came here. It also caused the growth of this yellow fungus to explode, giving me the perfect excuse. It loves such energy in all forms. Normally found beyond the shield in highly unstable regions, the windblown spores bloomed as they settled within the shielded area. While the shield protects us from Gamma radiation, the less lethal rays are allowed through the shield to allow the plants to grow. The fungus dies once they have absorbed all the radiation in the area, the dead fungus becoming a wonderful fertiliser for plants. Areas not covered by the shield will be catastrophically affected by the fungus, many of the plants will die, according to the scientists studying it. If the fungus stays attached to the host plant for more than a few days, the host plant suffocates. The crops we have been growing have been modified so that they are immune to the fungus, using the same gene as is in the blue pomegranate. We will have an extra-large crop, come harvest time." "One more question, if I may?" At a nod, he continued, "How were you able to get so many to turn on the rest?" Sam's pointed ears perked at this question. It was something that had been bugging her from the start. "I found out I was getting this position several years before it was made public. I have been working on this for decades before that, my father before me and so on; going back several generations. There were others that thought as I do, so I reached out to them. I had also made many contacts and allies and I used my influence to get them on the mission. When the time was right, I sealed the buildings and removed the air from them. Only those left within personal dwellings and on the streets were all that we had to deal with; those I wanted I sent a message to the previous day." They were walking around the garden, and Sam hoped that the comm device had picked up everything. She knew what she heard would not necessarily be accepted in a court. They were heading away from her now and Sam knew she had lingered long enough, she had her answers. She was risking getting caught, so she waited until they turned from her before she stood, hunched over to remain below the ridge line. She headed back out to the trees, stopping only to take out a small deer-like creature with the gun. Taking care to not get any of the blood on her, she skinned it and removed the best cuts. Burying the rest, she continued back to where she had last seen the kids. She quickly picked up their tracks and took a route that ran parallel to them, about 50 yards to the east. She noticed that they were heading roughly in the same direction she had taken to arrive at the town. She left more fruit she had picked along the way on the path JT was taking. She left the meat and a fire in a clearing she found when she overtook them as dusk was settling. The sky was clear of clouds, so she figured it was safe for them to be in the open that night. Watching them cook and eat the meat and fruit she had left, she ate her own food.
Here is another chapter, enjoy ;). This chapter is set just after the last. Discovery It was fully dark when she noticed the boy called JT wander from the camp. He set her knife on the ground and waited. Sam realised that he wanted to talk. The rest of the camp was sleeping, with the exception of the eldest girl on watch on the other side of the clearing. She waited a moment before gliding around to the bush next to him. "How is everyone, JT?" She asked, stepping into the clearing, yet keeping to the shadows. The boy startled, jumping to his feet and snatching up her knife at her silent entrance. "How'd you know my name?" He asked, glaring at her. His eyes were the most shocking kind of blue she had ever seen, bright to the point of glowing. His sandy-blonde hair was sticking up in all directions, the fringe hanging over his eyes. For his age, he was small, only slightly bigger than the other boy he had been talking to that morning. "The one you call Riles, called you that yesterday." She sat then, ensuring she kept her face hidden. She kept her tone even and calm as she held out a vegetable. The last thing the child needed was another person frightening him. "You may call me Thea." She said suddenly, giving him her mother's Earth name. She kept her accent hidden, adopting an American one, similar to the accent commonly found around New Orleans. "Thea, why are you helping us?" He asked, sitting back down again and taking the green carrot like plant from her. He ate it with gusto confirming that he was giving most of his ration to the younger ones. "And what are you wearing?" Her jeans and checked top, she realised then, were very different from the almost suit-like attire worn by the colonists. "I'm not technically here, as in I'm not part of the settlement. I needed to be kept safe, so my father left me here until his return." She debated whether to tell him of what she had learnt that day. "Kodos managed to convince Starfleet that not only everyone here was dead, and that there would be no way for anyone to come to the planet for a long time." She played the recording for the boy, knowing that he would have a better grasp on what was happening if he heard what she had. "He has to pay for what he's done." The boy said after the recording had finished. "I know, JT, but right now, we have to keep everyone here safe until we can somehow get word out. My father may not return for many months." "I'm going to keep heading north. Kodos found a rich deposit of precious stones to the south along with a good area for crops so he won't be traveling north for a while. Can you help us?" "I'm a pretty good hunter, kid. I'll make sure there's enough food for you all. The fungus seems to be clearing in this area, where the shield was strongest. But where I was camped out, it might still be there, covering and killing the plant life." Seeing the boy curl in on himself, she continued. "There's a cave system I stayed in a few days ago not far from here. It'll hold all of you easily. If we need to go as far as where I was, the fungus may be gone by the time we reach it and the plant life recovered." JT sighed, clearly relieved that there was somewhere safe to stay. "Thank you, Thea." "No problem kid. Come morning, head east until you come to a stream, I'll leave some food for you. After that, follow it up-stream, the caves are a couple of hours from there. Go and get some sleep." She stood and just before she melted back into the shadows, she turned back and said, "JT, don't tell the others about me. Riles if needed, but it's best if they don't know who's helping." "I'll just say it's an older kid. So long as the food keeps coming, I don't think they'll care." Sam knew that she was faster than the kids, so she quickly hurried ahead of them once the sun rose. Leaving the food, she carried on to the caves. Finding the biggest one, that strangely had the smallest opening; she left the rest of the food there. It wasn't much, but it would give all of them at least two good meals until she would be able to gather more. She had seen several of the plants recovering very quickly, so knew that she would be able to forage for herself soon. Half a mile back toward the town, she setup a camp for herself. She had just finished building a small drying hut for fruit when she heard the kids. She headed back to the stream, and saw that somehow, JT had picked up another five kids, including the one that had vanished three nights before. Wondering at that, and remembering what Kodos had said from the day before, she backtracked them. She wasn't surprised, but hoped she had been wrong, when she saw several soldiers following the tracks left by the small group. There were five in total, one of them being the man Sam saw with Kodos. She hurriedly picked up a leafy branch, and backtracking to a junction, started to beat the prints away. She went as fast as she could without alerting those following the prints. She managed to get several hundred yards done before she heard shouts of anger at the vanished prints. Smiling, she continued on, but she knew that the children wouldn't be able to stay any longer. They would be leaving within the hour. She headed back to the junction. It was a convergence of several paths made by different animals. There were five in total; one the children then soldiers had taken to get there, one the kids had continued on with and three others. After the tracks had vanished, the soldiers had taken the western track, away from the caves housing the kids. Sam knew that one of the tracks led to a stream, and given time, they would realise that there were no tracks and return. As soon as they were far enough away, she cleared several hundred yards of all the tracks. Knowing that there was nothing further she could do, she headed back along the path to the caves. Stopping short of them, she called out. "JT!" Hoping that the kid would at least investigate. He did, his head appearing, not at the entrance as she had expected, but above it. They had found the stairs she had discovered herself the week before. Carved naturally into the wall by water runoff over the centuries, they lead to the top of the caves, where a hole had been made by the water pouring off boulders during heavy rains. "Thea?" He asked when he spotted her. She waved him down and once he came over, she told him what was happening. "You think that Ry lead them here?" "Either by accident or on purpose. He looked beaten up when I saw him before. They may have caught him and forced him to lead them here, or he escaped and had no idea they were tracking him." "So, either way, we need to move." Sam couldn't help but feel sorry for him. No doubt many of the kids had been relieved at the thought of several days rest from their pursuers. "Sorry, JT, but yeah. It's too risky to stay here. They know the tracks were swept away. They'll be looking along all the paths now, and it won't take them long before they come across the caves." She was in the shadows again, making sure that he couldn't see her. But now she stepped forward slightly. She felt the sun on her face, stopping when it hit her eyes. "JT," she reached out and rested a hand on his small shoulder, giving it a squeeze. She could feel the bones under her hand, showing that he had been not getting regular meals for some time. "It'll be alright. There's another set of caves a little to the east, only it's going to take us a day or two to reach them." He had looked up at her, and she hoped that her hair was covering her ears. "They'll make it." She nodded and left it to him to get them organised for the move. She told him that she would make sure that they wouldn't be finding them too soon. She told them to wait until she had come back for them. Until then, they were to remain quiet. She made her way back to the junction, positioned herself nearby with a concealment spell and waited. It was another half an hour before they returned. "Sir!" The lead solider stopped short when they came across the vanished tracks. The tracks had been faint to begin with, and she had hoped that they wouldn't notice when she had made then vanish. Clearly the tracker was better than she thought. "The other tracks have vanished. Even the tracks we made getting here have been cleared." Sam waited a beat, before hightailing it out of her hiding spot, holding a branch. She took off down one of the tracks, making sure they saw her. Sure enough, they spotted her and raced after her. She dropped the branch, and just kept in front of them. She raced past the caves the kids were hiding in, the idea that the soldiers would think she was leading them in the wrong direction and head back the way they had come and take a different path. It worked. She soon heard them turn back and hoped that JT would be smart enough to keep everyone quiet until she returned. Trailing the soldiers, she saw them take a different path to the one they had before, and once they were clear, she headed back to the kids. She called out to JT and once he had made his way out said, "We need to leave, now." She pointed out a path that lead away from the caves, telling him to follow it eastwards until it veered away. She would leave signs on the ground after that; a pile of rocks, twigs left in an arrow, things that they could brush away as they passed. She waited until they were all on their way before she went on ahead, making a note to return and either dismantle the smoker/dryer or find a way to move it. She noted that the older boy wasn't with them. When she returned to the cave that night, she found him tied up to a bolder at the back of the cave, freshly dried blood from a wound on his head covering his shirt. JT must have asked if he had escaped or was let go; and not liked the answer; leaving him to be found by the soldiers, if at all. "I don't know what they told you, or promised, but they will kill you, and every one of those kids. I've met men like Kodos before, and all they care about is power, and how to get it. Those kids, and you, can tell the universe what has happened, and he can't afford that." She cut the vines holding his feet together, took him outside the cave and left him at the junction. "You won't be able to find your way back here, or be able to follow us after sunup. I suggest you have a real good think about what you've done, and how well your survival skills are, because you're going to need them." She knocked him out again, and after making sure he could breath, beat the foot prints away. She did several kilometres after the group, making sure there was no trace of their passing, 19 kids could leave quite the trail. JT had done a remarkable job of making sure they didn't leave much of one. JT brought Riles and the older girl that had been on duty when they had spoken that night, to meet with her one night, a few days after they had set up at the new site. She had set up a little way from them, far enough not to be seen though the scrub, but close enough to hear should something happen. She heard Riles ask what was going on, followed by the girl asking who was supplying them. "Just, trust me, Riles, Jenna." JT said, just as they entered the clearing she had set up in. JT had asked her the night before about letting them know, just in case something happened to him. "It's ok. She's been helping us." "She?" Jenna. "Me." Sam stepped into the clearing, her top half in the shade cast by the fluffy pale purple leaves of the trees that were the main flora on the planet. The sun was low, starting to set, allowing her to be in shadow, with the sun behind her, shadowing her face. Riles looked to be all of six or seven years. Brown hair, tanned complexion and all arms and legs with what looked like dove grey eyes. Jenna had blonde curls, which would have looked spectacular when done up. It hung down her back limply, several days of not washing or decent food making it dull. She stood nearly as tall as Sam, looked to be sixteen or seventeen, with eyes the colour of steel. She had an air about her that had been destroyed by the current circumstances. "This is Thea. Thea, Riles and Jenna." She nodded at each name. "Guys, until we're rescued, she's going to be getting food for us. The others don't need to know about her, other than she is helping." Jenna looked at her with suspicion. "What's to say she didn't bring those soldiers to us?" "I didn't, Ry did." Sam said, handing over another bag of food. She was going to need to ask for some of them back. "But as you can tell, I'm not from here. I have nothing to do with Kodos. I've only been here a couple of months, and have not even ventured into the city until the other day." "So, what now?" Riles asked, his Texan accent thickening with fear. He looked scared, they all did. "Kodos has sent a partial message to Starfleet stating that the planet has had a massive earthquake and is uninhabitable. No one's coming for us, unless we can get to the radio room, or Thea's father returns for her. Until then, we're on our own." JT said as he handed a piece of fruit to Jenna and Riles. "How'd you know that?" Riles asked, knowing that he hadn't left the area. JT told them of the conversation she had recorded. Jenna asked to hear it, and once it had been played, was in the same frame of mind as JT, that he needed to pay. They were quiet for a while, eating the orange like fruit she had brought. Seeing that there was enough for all, they had a whole one each. It wasn't long before Jenna asked "What now? We can't stay in one spot long, and we'll need food." She lipped up the juice that had left tracks down her hands and arms. Sam could see the clean skin appear as she did so. "Thea will be scouting places for us, and finding food. She'll be better at keeping an eye on what the soldiers are doing as she's faster and quieter than them." JT said. Sam nodded before asking for some of the bags back. She had found a tree within a couple of weeks that had long leaves that she weaved into bags. They were strong and supple enough, even after they had dried, that they made ideal bags. She had gotten quite good at adding patterns into the weave using different coloured leaves from the same tree but at different ages. She took them from JT and slipped slowly back into the shadows, melting into the darkness that had crept up on them as they talked.
I realise that it's been an age since I posted, but life. And this story had been giving me problems. But I think I'm close to finally finishing it, not making any promises, though. Here is a rather long chapter to make up for the long absence, at least a little. Plans And so, the routine started. She would do daily scouting trips around the area they camped in, taking the time to find another area for them to camp. Every few days, she would stumble across a couple of kids, making a note of them, before sending JT, Jenna or Riles out to locate and take them back to camp. Within a month, the group had grown to almost three dozen, Sam risking discovery to take one of the three with her to help retrieve the food needed for them all. JT, within a couple of weeks, started to visit her every few nights, just to talk, and mostly, she was discovering, for the quiet. He had taken on a father figure role for the younger kids, and for one so young, she knew it was a burden. Even more so since he had lost the only real father figure he'd ever had in his uncle. He, more than once, called her their fairy godmother, the hidden guardian that kept watch. They soon started to refer to the group of kids as 'theirs'. She moved them every few days, always further north from the town. Three weeks later, they had made it to the area she had been in when the flash had lit up the sky almost two months prior. She took up residence once more in the rocky outcrop, the kids below in a nearby clearing. The screams from souls of the dead had faded to a light whisper, but she could still hear them, and those of the others that got killed over the past several weeks. She didn't have any of the materials to do a permanent resting spell, so she did what she could with the local plants she had experimented with. She also took the time to put a keep away spell that encompassed the area they were in. She wondered at how they were working as well as they were, but didn't focus to much on it as she had other things to worry about. Some of the plants had recovered quickly as the fungus died out, but many of them, Sam discovered, were dying. She guessed it had to do with the fact that they had fruit on them at the time and the fungus had done major damage to the plant. Just as Kodos had stated, the cropping plants were doing well. She left for several days and headed south and stole as much as she could without getting caught. The blue pomegranate she had given them on that first day, and the plant she used to make flour were the only native plants she had found so far that weren't affected by the fungus. Animals were starting to get scarce as they left the area to look for food; and Sam knew it would only be a matter of time before they themselves would have to travel a long way away for not only safety, but food. She called JT to a hilltop, ten weeks after the massacre, to help her carry some dried meat and fruit, as well as fresh leaves and roots. She had managed to find a deer-like creature that had a good fat content and had managed to skin and cure it. The meat would last the group, now numbering over 40, for several days, which was the reason for it. "I think I've managed to find a way to get a message to Starfleet." She said as they loaded up the bags JT had brought. She had shown Jenna how to make them after one food trip when the girl had asked about them. It kept the kids occupied, along with the rotating guard duties JT had set up. "How?" JT wore one of the first attempts Jenna had made at trying to make clothes from the plants for them as their own fell to pieces. It was a deep, almost black purple; dyed using the seeds from the blue pomegranate. It rustled as they worked. She handed JT the hide as well. Sam had cured the hide from the creature and intended to make herself a coat of some sort, but with the chill in the air, she knew that they could lose kids to the dropping temperatures. Several days of curing and beatings had made it soft and supple. It was big enough for several kids to sleep under it and not get cold. "There's an outpost not far from here. One of the first set up to monitor the planet. It should be enough to send a signal to Tarsus III at least. I spotted it when I got this thing." She said as she waved a hand over the hide. "Think it will work? When do you expect to hear back from your dad?" He said as he held the rolled hide under both arms, a bag of food dangled from his fingers. "It should. I don't think Kodos remembers it, if he is even aware it exists. The only thing is that it's outside the shield. Dad may not be back for a while, depending on how long it takes him to conclude his business." She hadn't told them what her Dad did, only that he had gone to an area that was not good for women, and he didn't want his attention divided if she was with him. He'd been gone for almost six months as it was. The boy nodded, and started back to the clearing that had the remains of a giant tree, at least five meters in diameter, laying on the ground. It had been brought down in the storm that had happened before the flash in the sky, judging by the regrowth on it. The tree had come down because half of it had been hollowed out by some sort of grub, making a very long house with a curved roof. The kids had plenty of room to spread out and Sam could see it from her outcrop, the trunk was a vibrant red, faded by the weather. "If it's outside the shield, how are we going to get to it?" "Not you, only me." She scratched at her head, taking the time to make sure her ears were covered. As always when she had one of the others with her, she covered her ears with a bandana. "I can stay out there longer, and the outpost will be shielded inside." "'Cause you're an adult? You're not that much older than me." His face was rather indignant, showing his annoyance at the implication he was a kid. Sam understood; with everything that had been happening, JT was seen as a father figure of sorts, especially to the younger kids. "A little. You're smaller, that means it won't take as much radiation to kill you as it will me." She didn't point out that Vulcan's can handle Gamma radiation better that humans, as he didn't know about that side of her. "Do you know how to work the equipment? And how do you know if there isn't an alarm? It could trigger something back at Kodos' HQ, and if you don't have back up, they might get you before you know they're there." She sighed, Damn his foresight, but he's right. I don't know the systems, and if there is a silent alarm, I'll never know about it. "I don't know what equipment they'll have, I'll give you that." She pulled him up at a sandy bank and sketched the shield, the outpost and anything of significance that she had seen a couple of days before. She hadn't left the shield, but her eyes could pick up a lot. They spent the better part of an hour going over everything until Sam had to concede that going there alone, was not the best idea. "Lets get this back to camp, then meet me back here with Riles at dark. Make sure they all get a good feed. There's enough there for one decent meal than back to rations for a few days. I'll explain the plan, once I've thought of it, to the both of you." Two days later saw Sam, JT and Riles heading out to the outpost. Jenna was in charge of the group until they returned. She would have joined them instead of Riles, but she had fallen and twisted her ankle the day before, it was still pretty swollen the next day. They would be gone at least five days. Jenna had been told that if no one retuned within a week, she was to decamp to another site a day walk away. Sam had managed to cure and dry enough meet and other stores to last the group two weeks if they rationed to one or two meals a day. After that, the chances were she, JT and Riles had been caught and/or killed. It was silent as they walked, Sam in the lead with JT bringing up the rear. She followed the path she had taken that had led her to the edge of the shield. She had left a gun with Jenna and hoped that she would not have to use it. The radio was set to the frequencies still used by Kodos and his men which made Sam wonder if they did an inventory on who had been killed and what was missing. Leaving one with the girl as well, she took another, telling her to only contact them if they needed to, to keep the radio on the channel the soldiers used. They passed towering red trunked trees, similar to the one they were currently residing in. The silver and black stripped leaves, when disturbed by the wind, sounded like glass chimes clinking together, yet were as soft as fine leather. They passed the purple puffy trees, the leaves clinging to their clothes and breaking off if they got too close. (Think Tuffla trees from Dr Susse books). Under the shadows cast by some of the trees that blocked out all light, they could see faint traces of glowing creatures, similar to the caterpillars of Earth. "Thea," Riles asked when they stopped to fill their canteens, "Why are you helping us? You said yourself, you're not one of us." "Because I'd help anyone that this happened to. What Kodos has done, he needs to pay." She looked over at him, and was reminded again just how young the two boys were. They and Jenna had taken on the roles of parents, and she, the hidden guardian and provider. The fungus was starting to get thicker the next day, as they neared the shield edge, which showed just how much radiation was still around. One of the things she had grabbed from the guards she had come across over the weeks, was a radiation badge. It started sounding the night before they reached the shield edge and scared the hell out of the three of them. It stopped a moment later as the bubble of radiation blew on, but it served to remind them of what they were facing. "I know the limits that can be handled before it becomes dangerous, if I tell you to get out and back under the shield, you do it. No arguments. It'll take longer for me to reach my limits than you." She said once they reached the shield. She looked at them, and saw a moment of defiance from JT; but at her growl, he nodded reluctantly. It would take them the better part of the day to cross the plain, not including the mid-sized creek they had to cross that looked very fast flowing. They rested up that night, planning to head out in the cool of the morning before the winds dropped. Sam hoped that the winds would decrease the amount of radiation that would still be in the air. The badge was still going off occasionally, but so far, the readings were not concerning enough for her to abort, especially since they were still under the shield. The area they were in was starting to reflect what was ahead; dry ground and few plants. It was an uncomfortable night as they weren't able to make beds out of the foliage. They dumped everything they didn't need on the third morning since they left, and hoped the idea would increase their speed; the less time spent outside the shield, the better. Sam pointed out the path they needed to take, making it clear that they needed to stick to it. She hadn't ventured out when she had found the outpost, and had only been able to see to the creek. She told them that and said that she didn't know what was on the other side of it. The ground had cracked in several places in the last few days, indicating that there had been several quakes. The shield had the unforeseen side-effects in that it dulled the effects of the earthquakes, and as such, no one had felt them. They were going to have to be careful, as Sam theorised that the bomb had set of a chain reaction of quakes that were still going on. "The radiation could be a lot worse than it was the other day. I say go back," she started, "We go back." Riles said. He nudged JT, who agreed reluctantly. "JT, I mean it. I can handle more than you." She took a chance and knelt down in front of him. "JT, look at me." She waited until he did. "You have the smarts to do anything you want. Hell, I could see you as the captain of a Starship. You've already proven that you can lead people, and that people will listen to you." "What?" She almost laughed at the look of absolute bafflement on his face. "How else do you think the kids would still be with you otherwise? You had to have done something right that first night otherwise all of you would have been caught along with Ry. Being able to lead, also requires knowing when to listen and obey instructions from others that know better than yourself." Seeing the look of realisation and acknowledgement cross his face, she patted his shoulder and stood. "Ready?" She asked as she secured the recording, badge and canteens to her belt. She took a compass reading, promising to the boys that she would teach the skill to them when they had asked what she was doing. Things like compasses were no longer used, but the radiation was screwing with the electrical versions. "Yep." Came the response from both boys. "Then lets go." And she took off across the landscape, two pairs of feet sounded behind her in a steady jog. It was hot, despite the sun barely peeking above the horizon behind them; Sam guessed it was already reaching 35 degrees Celsius. The golden coloured ground combined with the faint morning light, hid depressions, rocks and small tussocks of yellow coloured grass, the sun was not yet high enough to cast shadows, making it that much harder to make things out. Sam could taste the ground, they reminded her of the sands of Australia, with a hint of eucalyptus. They raced past small silver berry filled bushes that had somehow remained fungus free, like the blue pomegranate. Every plant they passed, with the exception of the berry bushes and grass, had died from the fungus that had covered it. Trees had fallen, and bushes crumpled to the ground from the weight of the fungus. What was still standing, the fungus had covered every inch and was massive. Without the shield to filter out a lot of the radiation and reduce the amount available to the fungus, the rest of the plant life was suffocating. Sam guessed that what was under there would soon be the only living plant life left; at least on this side of the planet. The wind kicked up at one point, enough to blow over a tree in front of them. Racing under it, JT nearly got flattened; as it was, a branch pinned him to the ground. It was only a handful of inches thick, but the added weight from the fungus made it several kilograms heaver. When Riles and Sam snapped the branch and lifted it off him, they saw that the fungus was eating the plant as well as absorbing the radiation. That explained why the plants were dying. JT had suffered nothing more than a few scrapes, but she cleaned them out and vowed to keep an eye on them. The badge hadn't gone off yet, but they were only half way across, and had come to the creek. They stepped tentatively into the current, and nearly disappeared after a couple of steps. The bank dropped steeply below the water, and the current was strong. Taking a moment to get their bearings, they held hands and crossed together; Sam upstream to stop the majority of the flow from hitting the boys. It was deep, coming up to Riles chin, the smallest of the three. Sam heard the badge beep once and once they had reached the other side, checked it. The levels were starting to climb. The going got harder as they pushed on. Not stopping for food, they ate as they moved. The cracks got bigger, and several times they had to traverse several hundred metres in another direction to get around them. Sam took a compass heading every time to ensure they were still going in the right direction. The radiation levels increased dramatically when they came across them, Sam moving them away until the badge stopped beeping. Once, they had to go over a kilometre out of their way to get around a large hole in the ground. The outpost never seemed to get any closer, until they mounted a small rise and saw the building just below them. It had taken over seven hours to reach it, with only a half kilometre to go. It was the easiest part of the whole trip. "I don't see anything, Thea." JT said after the second trip around the building. They were cautious, keeping an eye out for triggers or traps. It was the size of a small house, eight metres by ten, single story with an angled roof. The walls were white to reflect the sun and heat, the roof was half covered in solar panels. There were a few of the fluffy purple trees (which the fungus had killed) surrounding the building, under which was a five-piece table and chairs set that was in bad shape. A tank next to it, that surprisingly, held rainwater and after checking with the badge, they filled their empty canteens and themselves with the cool water. Washing the dust from the trek off, they took a moment to rest as they looked the building over. "Neither can I, you pair stay back as I go in, I'll call you in once I've checked it out." Sam didn't want to think that Kodos had set anything up there, but she guessed it might be a possibility. She entered slowly, making sure that the boys stayed outside. She quickly scanned the building. There were three areas that she could make out. The monitoring area made up the first part, walls tinted in greens and blues, no doubt to bring a bit of colour to soften the harshness of the plain. Sam knew that making sure it was still operational was the first priority after clearing the building. A quick glance amongst the equipment didn't reveal anything, so she moved onto the second section. The lounge room and kitchen area were next. Dust covered everything as it had in the previous room, showing that no one had been there for years. There was deteriorated carpet in this room, and before it had faded, Sam would have seen a field of green. Clearing it didn't take that much time, and she moved around the dining table, four simple straight backed-chairs and a two person sofa to the final area. A four-bed dorm room, a bathroom and showers, and a laundry area made up the building. Not finding anything, she was about to call out for them to come in when she heard a noise. Not knowing what it was, she pulled the gun. She headed back to the equipment room, and found that the boys had entered the room without alerting her. "I told you to wait until I had cleared the place." She growled, quickly stowing the weapon before the younger of the two saw it. "Sorry, Thea. I told him to wait." Riles said, standing next to the door that lead to the communication room. He was rocking from foot to foot, contrite clearly showing on his round face. "That's ok, Riles. JT?" She asked, looking around the room. "Everything seems to be working fine. The solar panels are covered in dust, but I think once we've cleared them, we'll be good to go." He didn't look up from setting up the equipment, but Sam could see he was sorry. "Next time, at least let me know you're coming in. I thought you were a wild animal or something." She headed back outside and was greeted with a loud tone from the badge. Clearing the solar panels took a half hour and once finished, she raced back inside and checked the reading. She wouldn't be able to go back outside again for the rest of the day; the levels indicated she had almost reached her limit. She knew the boys had not quite reached theirs, but they would be getting close. Calling out to JT that the panels had been cleared, she headed back into the kitchen to check out the cupboards. An outpost this far from the town would have an emergency supply of radiation medication just in case, and she was going to find it. They needed to return first thing in the morning, since they wouldn't be able to leave that afternoon. It was day three of the seven, they had another four until the group moved. They should be fine, but Sam wanted to get back under the cover of the shield by nightfall the next day. So long as they followed the tracks they had made on the way out, they should be fine. Looking through the kitchen cupboards, she didn't have any luck, but she did find a lot of packed meals. The bathroom, however, revealed a first aid kit, which had a bottle of such medication. Shaking it, a rattling sound resonated from the bottle; it almost sounded full and the expiry date was still a year away. She smiled and tossed two back, dry swallowing them. She headed back out and gave one to each of them. After explaining that it would decrease the amount of radiation they had absorbed, and combat what they had already, they quickly took the offered tablets. They worked in silence, JT on the communication equipment, Sam on the power systems. Riles had found and activated one of the interactive light tables and had found a map of the planet. He was playing with the settings, a smile on his face. Sam wondered what had caused it. "Thea, I've managed to get the system up, but I think the booster cable's come loose. Any chance you can have a look?" JT called out at one point. After she got the cable repaired (a native bird had taken some of the wiring for the nest that sat in one of the eves) JT called out that he had a signal. They had spent the better part of the trip discussing what to send. JT mentioned that using his father's name would guarantee it be taken seriously, but he refused to give them the name. The recording Sam had made and a voice message from both the boys was decided upon and put together once they had everything up and running. The station was linked to a science station on Tarsus III, and they hoped that it was still being monitored for the automatic data bursts sent by the Tarsus IV station every 12 hours. They decided, since they all had reached; or nearly reached in the boys' case; their daily limits, they would stay the night. Hopefully, someone would notice the extra-large and out-of-sync data packet and contact the station to find out what happened. Finding the information on the area, they figured out that it would take three days for anyone to arrive from Tarsus III if they believed them. After that, they started to sort out sleeping arrangements before they all fell asleep. The heat combined with the dash across the plain, and the scrapes JT had received, had exhausted them. Silence descended on the station again. Silence that shattered in the early hours of the morning.
A/N: Hi all. I know, I'm alive! I only have one excuse for my horrendous updating, I didn't feel like it. And my muse decided to run off. But, I'm back, and pleased to announce that this story is almost completely written. I'm just finishing up the last chapter and will tidy it up a bit. Hopefully I will post a chapter a week until it's finished. After this one, there is another five, unless I split one of them up. Thank you to all those who have kept up with me, and I hope you enjoy. Found The alarm shrieked, waking them all in seconds. As the sound wound down, another took its place. "Thea!" the voice was filled with fear, so much so that she couldn't tell who it was. She raced toward the voice. She slid across the floor as she came across Riles. He was the first into the room and had set up the alarm that had been monitoring the planet. On the screen, were several dots; three in a corner (she guessed they were them), and several more were traveling across the screen quickly from the direction of the city; it could only be Kokos' men. They were currently still in the area covered by the shield, but moving quickly, no doubt using a shuttle. At their current speed, Sam guessed they had five hours at most before they arrived. They had to leave now if they had a hope of making it at least to the creek to hide. A trip that had taken them over four hours the day before. "Riles, find a path on that map that we can use to get back to the creek as fast as possible. JT!" She called, noticing that he hadn't come out at the siren and hoped the boy had woken. "Thea?! What's going on?" he came out rubbing the sleep from his eyes, but she could hear the worry in his voice. She guessed the scratches he had picked up the day before were the cause of his lack of reaction "Kodos' men are coming in a shuttle, if I had to guess at their speed. Send another message to Tarsus III telling them of what's happening and that we're leaving now then destroy the system. If we can use it to see them, they can use it to track us. We've only got a few hours before they reach the creek. We need to be at the creek at least half an hour before they get there, so they don't see us. Hopefully we can arrive there before it gets light." Seeing him nod and head to the comm section, she hurried to the kitchen and collected what she could carry in her bag. There were a lot of vac-packed items, and she stowed as much as she could before JT called out that he had sent the message, followed by the sound of equipment smashing. "Let's move!" she cried as she ran from the room. Grabbing a branch from one of the trees, she dusted their prints away as she followed the boys, Riles in the lead with a data PADD showing the map. They managed to make the creek, half an hour before the shuttle, just as light was starting to peak over the horizon. Riles' map had shown them an almost clear path that had cut the travel time in half. They slid into the creek, the cool fast flowing water enveloping them. Sam hoped that the combination of it and the radiation in the area would be enough to throw off any sensors they had. She handed them another tablet, hoping that it would combat the extra radiation they were absorbing. (It would later be found that the radiation from space when he had been born, combined with the extra dosing he received from Tarsus on that dash, would give rise to Kirk's bizarre reactions.) The badge had gone off a couple of times on the dash, and Sam knew she was dangerously close to her limit, but she had no idea how much radiation she could handle because of her Vulcan half. The boys, if they didn't get back under soon, would be overdosing if they weren't already. They had needed a full twelve hours out of the rays for the tablets to fully combat the radiation they had picked up the day before. They ducked as the shuttle came near, Sam spotting the red-headed scared man through the large front window. They waited several minutes before they got out. Not wanting a path of water to reveal which way they had gone, she had them wring out as much of the water as they could from their clothes. Both boys, despite living on the run for the better part of three months with no privacy, still turned away from her as she removed her shirt. She made sure the bandana was still in place, covering her ears and eyebrows, after pulling her shirt off. The hot winds would soon take care of the rest of the water. They were running again fifteen minutes after the shuttle had passed. Sam knew they had at least an hour before it reached the building. Give them fifteen minutes to search it, another few to figure out what had been sent before turning around to try and find them; and they had at least two and a half hours to get back under the shield and into the forest. The path the PADD was taking them, it was going to be close again. Only this time, by minutes, especially if they were spotted. The first they knew they had been seen, two hours later, was when shrubs and bark around them exploded from gunfire. Wondering again at the odd choice of weaponry, she grabbed the boys and hauled them to the side, risking showing her strength to get them out of the line of fire. They crashed through a fungus covered bush, golden powder bursting into the air, covering them and everything around them. Sam had landed on top of the boys, shielding them as the shuttle flew over-head. Once it had gone, she was up and pushing the boys in front of her as she headed to the previous place they had camped, desperate to keep them away from the others. They kept to the foliage, hoping to keep from sight. They unfortunately, had another few hours until full dark, and she knew that the shuttles didn't have powerful enough lights to show up the area. Once darkness covered them, they would be safe. They then only had to worry about the cold. Winter was starting to creep over the planet the last few weeks. But they first had to remain hidden for the rest of the day, something that Sam guessed wouldn't be easy, yet they managed it. They were spotted toward the end of the day, just as the shadows were getting longer. They raced along a dry creek bed, only to stop short and dive for the forest again as they rounded a corner and saw several soldiers. They opened fire as they came into sight, but nothing hit Sam as she rolled into the cover surrounding the edges. She managed to see that Riles had landed near her, with a few scratches on his face, but she couldn't see JT. Worried, they belly-crawled to the edge; JT hadn't made it. He was now surrounded by several soldiers, including Red. Sam stopped Riles from racing out, almost blanching at the emotions she picked up from the brief contact on his arm. "You going out there will do nothing." She hissed. Spotting an uprooted tree, the ground and exposed roots forming a nice hollow, she said, "Wait under here. I'll get him." "How? There are seven of them. That gun won't do much when it runs out of bullets." "Leave that to me." She had a hidden trick up her sleeve, one that not many people knew about. Shoving the kid into the hole and leaving the bag she had filled at the outpost with him, she then made sure that he would stay there, no matter what. She belly-crawled away from the group, until she couldn't see them, then stepped back into the creek. As she approached the group, she took a moment to look at the situation from the safety of the shadows and a bend in the creek. JT was on the ground, holding his side and looked to be unconscious, Sam could see the blue plant shirt had been torn off and a red stain was covering his side. She heard the 2IC berating the others for hurting him. They're going to have a lot more to worry about in a minute. She thought, as she stepped into their view. "Leave him alone." She said, her voice low, commanding, without fear. She could tell the moment they realised that they weren't dealing with a normal person. She knew why; she had let her anger at the past several months come forth, her face turning hard and blank. She ran at them with the speed that only a half-Vulcan had, knocking them to the ground. As they stood too stunned at her speed to react, she kicked, tossed and punched her way through them, until none stood. Seeing that most of them were down for the moment and not near JT, she headed over and picked him up. She had noticed that he had fallen unconscious just as she stepped out, so there was no chance he had seen anything. "I don't know what you are, but we will find you, all of you. And when we do, the Fuhrer will dissect you, and have the boy." Red had managed to get his feet under himself and was holding a gun on her. "The Fuhrer has three days until Starfleet arrives. Can he achieve his Riche by then?" She was pleased with the look of surprise that crossed his face that someone knew of the plan. Holding JT to her hip, his head flopping onto her shoulder; she flung a knife from the other hand, hitting and knocking the gun from his hand. Such was his surprise at her ability to do that, he never noticed her pulling the trigger of the gun hidden in the small of her back. "Somehow, I doubt it." Securing the gun again, she held JT more securely to her and headed toward the fallen tree where Riles was hidden. "Riles?!" she called out as she approached. "Thea? You get him?" The younger boy came out, and judging by his lack of fear, he hadn't seen anything; for which she was grateful. "Yeah, I got him. But we need to move from here. It's only a matter time before the soldiers wake up. Keep an ear out for a stream, he's been shot." Not allowing him to try and see the wound, Sam knew they had to move. Now that they couldn't go back and retrieve the items they had dropped the previous morning, they were going to have to make do with what they had. With full darkness just a few minutes away, and she being to only one to be able to see at night, she had to find somewhere to tend to the wound fast. She just hopped that some of the things she had scooped into the bag would help. Darkness had fallen by the time Riles had heard the water. Sam followed the sound, somehow managing to keep a hold of the unconscious boy and not falling over. They soon found themselves on the edge of a sandy pool. On one end was a stream that flowed with the water that fell from a waterfall at the other, the water glowing blueish-green where the falling water met the pool. In the darkness, Sam couldn't quite see the size of it, but she guessed it to be about a hundred metres between them. She couldn't see the other side. Laying JT down on the sand, she quickly pulled her shirt off, telling Riles to soak it. Knowing that the boy would be blushing, she ignored him as she took stock of the wound. Because she had her bag, she was the only one that still had normal clothes. Those clothes were now several day's walk away at the rock outcrop, along with her first aid kit. The wound was a graze, so no bullet to remove. But the half hour of exposure, not to mention whatever had been on it in the first place, meant that it was starting to feel hot. In the darkness, lit only by the closest of the three moons, she did her best to feel how big it was. With him being unconscious, she could only pick up the faintest of emotions from his blood and skin; for which she was thankful. She measured it against her hand; it went around his side, extending past her fingertips. It had caught him around the back and left side. She was pleased when Riles returned with the soaked shirt. "There's a fair bit of mud to the water, I had to go out a bit until it was clear. It glows blue!" "The mud?" She asked absently as she cleaned the wound. She wanted to keep the kid occupied on something other than his mate bleeding out. "Yeah." She listened as the kid told her about how he could see his footprints on the soil as he walked and that it stirred up the water badly when he went to it. She asked him to look in the bag for something to eat or clean the wound with. Keeping him active would help with the shock. She could feel JT slipping into it, and guessed it would only be a matter of time before the other joined him, especially since he had gone for a swim. She could see the slight shivers starting already. Riles had managed to find a kit that Sam had scooped up and had fumbled through it until he found what she needed before she sent him off to find a cave. Working quickly before JT's shaking from the shock got too much, she doused the wound in antiseptic, hit it with a single use dermal regenerator, then wrapped the wound. She had managed to tie it off before he shook violently. "Thea, I've found a cave… What's happening to him?!" She understood the fear in his voice. "Riles, he's going into shock," she explained as she wrapped herself around the injured boy. She was picking up nothing from the boy now, and it was worrying her. "See if you can start a fire." "Won't anyone looking for us see it?" "Maybe, but we're all going to freeze otherwise. The soldiers have been retreating back to the city at night the last few weeks." She picked JT up, carrying him on her hip again as she followed the youngest of the trio into the darkness. She was glad Riles wasn't asking about how she was able to carry JT so easily. The cave, that was hidden behind the waterfall, was surprisingly dry. It also had an opening that had captured the warmth of the day, making it warmer than outside for the moment. Sam laid JT against the wall where he could warm while she sorted out her top. She noticed that the cave had a blue hue to it, and she saw that where she had placed JT, the glow was brighter. Testing her idea, she rubbed her hand over the nearest wall. It flared blue from the fuzzy feeling creatures that called the cave home. Knowing that they had a light source, she laid her shirt on a rock, so it could warm/dry before putting it back. She shivered as the air touched her skin. Checking on Riles, she found that he had managed to get a fire going near the entrance. Once it was big enough and under control, she brought JT over to it. The boy still hadn't woken, and Sam was starting to get a little worried. Now that she had light to see, she had a better look at the supplies they had. Dumping them out, she found several packets of hydrate-bread, another single use dermal generator, another round of antibiotics, several packets of food and an emergency foil blanket. Taking the blanket, she wrapped it around JT and Riles, when the younger boy joined him. Telling him to call out if JT woke, or if he worsened, she went and set about organising something to eat. Cleaning a rock that had been hollowed out by dripping water from the roof, she set the bread powder in it before adding some water and leaving it to sit in the coals beside the fire. Mixing water with a couple of the other food packets, she sealed them and buried them under the coals. She then took a lit branch and headed outside, looking for the blue pomegranate. It loved waterways she had noted, and this area would be prime for it. She found one, just outside the entrance and picked enough for the next few days. The bread and packets were ready when she returned, and she quickly roused the boys (Riles had fallen asleep) so they could eat it while it was hot. JT finally woke long enough to have a couple of mouthfuls. It was nothing special, but it filled them up. The boys quickly fell asleep again, Sam pleased that JT had woken. Sam set herself on watch, just in case the soldiers were around, and settled in for a long night.
A/N: Since this chapter is also ready, and the last one was so short, I thought I would give you all a surprise. This is the last chapter from Sam/Thea's point of view. Enjoy. I case I haven't said it for a while, Star Trek characters are not mine, Supernatural characters are not mine, but the plot totally is. Rescued Morning saw them on their way back to the fallen tree, JT still half out of it and being carried by Sam. Hitting him with the antibiotics and some left over food had helped, but now he faced the risk of a major infection if help didn't arrive soon. As far as Sam could tell from the PADD, somehow Riles had managed to keep a hold of it, they were closer to the camp than when they had left the shield. They were a couple of hundred metres out when Sam felt them. Ghosts. This far out, the ones from the city were a muted whisper. Now, there were several loud and fresh ones. "Hold up, Riles, something's wrong." She held out a hand and stopped the boy. Setting older boy on the ground, she passed him onto Riles to look after as she found them a place to hide off the path. "What do you mean?" Riles whispered as she was about to leave. Knowing that she wouldn't be able to explain the ghosts, she said "The path's been disturbed. You guys didn't leave marks that high when you came through." She pointed to broken branches that were level with her head. "Unless you guys were on each other's shoulders as you came through. Please stay here, Riles." She waited until the boy nodded before slipping into the forest, heading around the area to come at the camp from another direction. If there were soldiers still there, they would think she had come from that way and she could lead them away from the boys. She slid into one of the hides she had created to watch over the group and nearly cried out at what she saw. The tree they had been using was a smoking ruin, and what wasn't burning had exploded in every direction. She could make out a body half buried under a large portion that had made up the roof, but she couldn't tell who it was; they were too badly burnt from the angle she was looking at. She spotted another body laying facedown close to where she was. She knew that the kids had found the hides, they had turned it into a game to try and find her; whoever it was, was trying to reach it to hide. All her spells had failed to keep them safe, she would forever regret that she couldn't make them any stronger. She struggled to hold back her sobs as the cries of the souls grew louder as they discovered her presence. She told them she was sorry, that help was coming, even if it was too late for them. Asking if there were any survivors was a wasted effort as they were too focused on wanting revenge. Saying a few words, to lay them to rest for a while, she readied herself to enter the camp. Whoever had destroyed it was long gone. The body near the hide was of one of the youngest, she couldn't have been more than three years old. She had been shot in the back and left to rot. Sam was on her knees from the emotions and on the verge of throwing up. She took a moment to get her breath before she gathered the child in her arms and moved her to the body she had first seen. It was big and there were some blonde strands that hadn't been burnt. Sam knew it was Jenna. She was the only one to have the curls. She was positioned at the back of the tree where it was hollowed out, but the front hadn't yet collapsed from decay as the rest of it had. There was a hole on the other side that couldn't be seen from the entrance. Sam remembered that she had left a gun with her. Seemed she had made a last stand to give them a chance to escape. Laying the young child down next to Jenna, Sam continued to look around the clearing. She found another body, a boy, shot execution style behind a bush. By the time another hour passed, she had found five in total. Another two boys joined the row of bodies at the back of the tree. She gathered up as much of the collapsed tree as she could, then stoked the embers until they were blazing again. She couldn't bury them; the ground was too hard; so she employed the method used by generations of Hunters. As the flames climbed to the sky, she followed the tracks made by the kids as they fled. She found several of them hiding in her rocky outcrop. Informing them that she was the fairy godmother JT spoke of, she led them to another cave system that she knew of. She didn't want Riles to see them just yet. Having to look after JT would be more than enough for the moment. And she didn't want him to know what had happened. For now, she would tell him that they had scattered when soldiers had shown up and it would take her a while to find them all. She knew Riles wouldn't buy it for long, but he wouldn't ask what had happened either. Questioning them would have to wait, as they looked very shell shocked by what had happened. All she had gotten from them was that it had happened the day before. She figured that the soldiers had found the group while looking for her and the boys. When they had moved out, there had been 42. Less the five killed, the four she had just found and JT and Riles, there were still another 31 to locate. She knew the area, so she could take a guess as to where they could be hiding. She found a baker's dozen throughout the day, taking them all back to the cave. When night descended she found food for them all. JT had managed to wake, but he was disorientated, and had lost track of time; he thought they were leaving for the outpost the next morning. Day two arrived after they had arrived at the camp, and Sam had managed to locate another ten kids by midday. She also started to make plans for the kids to head off to the place she had told them to go to if she and the others didn't return. For her it was half a day's run, for the kids, it would take a full day; and that was in the daylight hours. She planned on moving them under the cover of darkness, in small groups, along different paths. That was going to take a few nights. With no idea how long it would be until help arrived in response to their message, if they believed it at all, Sam was taking no chances. She would do whatever it took to keep them alive until it did, or her father returned for her. And she still had eight left to find. It was the beeping of the PADD that woke her the next morning. She had managed to get several of the kids on their way the night before and had fallen asleep only a handful of hours earlier. She rubbed her eyes and reached for it. She had taken up a position near the caves for two reasons. One, so that the kids wouldn't see her Vulcan features, and two, so that if something did come, she could hear and see it before it got to close. Now the PADD that she had taken from Riles, was wanting her attention. She opened it and was shocked to see a message from Tarsus III on the screen. More than that, it was a video message from the head of the rescue squad that had been dispatched. It said that they had used the PADD to locate them and that they were on their way. They were the first responders and that others would be coming in the next couple of days once the ships had been provisioned. Sam was worried; if Starfleet had found them, what were the odds that Kodos and his men could. She quickly roused the kids from the clearing and sent them down the stream, leaving no trail. She sent one of them to the ones she had moved on the night before; telling them to move onto the cave and that she would get them. She didn't say anything about the message. She got JT onto a stretcher and sent Riles down the path, away from the stream. Then she prepared. If it was the rescuers, she would direct them to where she had hidden the kids. If it wasn't, they were going to get a nasty surprise when they landed. It was another three hours before they landed in a clearing, not far from the pond. She waited in a hide she had put together; and along with a concealment spell, she was invisible as she watched the men disembark from the shuttle. It had the words USS Pythagoras, stencilled on the side. She let out a small sigh of relief. USS Bradbury was on the one she had seen hunting them. She didn't get her hopes up yet, she waited until she saw the one from the message. The first man to exit from the shuttle had short dark blonde hair, looked to be in his thirties and lead with confidence. It was the same man as in the video. She didn't know what the boys had said in their message, she had been working on the power systems when they made it. Whatever it was, was enough to get a Starfleet Captain to lead the first response team in person, if the Captain ribbons on his sleeve were anything to go by. "Hello?! Anybody?! You can come out! My name is Christopher Pike from Starfleet. We got your message." He looked around the area, and Sam could tell he was worried. Pike, and several others that filed out after him who looked like they were medical personal, were not carrying weapons, nor were they calling out in anger. The couple that were carrying, looked like they were there to protect the others. They looked concerned, worried. Deciding that they really were from Starfleet, but readied herself if they weren't, she stepped into the clearing. She had made sure that the bandana was covering her ears and her fringe was over her eyebrows before coming out from behind the tree. "Who are you?" Asked Pike. He was wary, and she guessed he had a right to be. She doubted that they had picked up any signs of the children; she had managed to find a spell that shielded an area from such devices for short periods. She had activated it when she received the message. "My name does not matter, only that I can lead you to the children." She kept up the accent, she could see that Pike didn't fully trust her. "Where are they? Where is …" She interrupted him before he finished. "We do not know our true names, we have been using nicknames only. Safer that way." Pushing past the cries of the spirits, she sought out Pike's emotions as they were carried across by the wind. She came across worry, fear, sadness, horror, anger and many others, but the one that stood out the most was concern. For who, she didn't know, but it over-rode all the others. "Only bring three others. JT was grazed by a bullet two days ago and isn't doing very well. Some of the others have cuts and bruises, but they are healing well. Any more will create too much noise." She heard the older man gasp and wondered what caused it. "Ok, lead on." He said after a moment, holding out a hand in a gesture that meant the same thing, and after a moment's hesitation, she nodded and turned back into the surrounding forest. She heard the man gasp as she vanished before issuing hurried orders. A moment later she heard him coming up behind her. She stepped to the side to allow him to join her on the path. Footsteps and snapping branches sounded behind as the others followed. "If I tell you to stay back a moment, you must. The kids will only trust me, since JT is down." There was a pause for a moment before, "How many?" "Were killed?" There was a pause, "Have you found?" So Sam told Pike about everything that had happened, giving him the recording as well. He in turn told her what had been happening since the message had been sent. "We had been on leave on Tarsus III after resupplying, when they told us about what had happened three months ago. When the data burst came through, no one was quite sure what was going on. We were at the station when the second message came through from," He paused, Sam thinking that he was remembering what she had said about names. "JT." She supplied, remembering she had sent him to send it. "JT. I know him, knew that he wouldn't make something like that up. He must have hit video message by accident, so we saw how he looked." "So you knew that at least some of it was true. That and the fact that there were still people alive as it was, told you that some of the message sent by Kodos was at least a lie." Pike nodded, "When we confirmed that the message really had come from the planet, and a voice analysis matched the recording, we set out. The rest of the rescue fleet should be here in a day or two." "Wait here. With the group behind us, they'll have heard them by now. I've got to get in front of them to let them know it's safe." She asked Pike and waited until the man nodded. He had no doubt heard the noise created by the medics. She took off, silent as she raced through the undergrowth. Years of Hunting came into play as she first followed the tracks left by the stretcher, then as she swung out wide to cut them off. Within minutes, she was in front of Riles, calling out for him to stop. "Riles, it really is Starfleet. They've got medics for JT." She said as she stepped into view. Riles, with JT on the stretcher behind him had stuck to the path, a faster way of carrying the older boy. The others, when she had quickly run to the stream to check, had taken off in several directions into the undergrowth. Sam knew it was going to take her a couple of hours to find them all again, not to mention the ones she hadn't yet found since the destruction of the camp. "Your ears!" He suddenly cried, pointing at her, and Sam suddenly realised that her bandana had come off during her dash through the trees. Clamping her hands over them, she knelt in front of him. "Please, don't tell anyone. No one can know. If they did, I would be in a lot of trouble, not to mention, I might be killed." She put every ounce of fear into her voice, which wasn't hard to do; the getting killed part may be an overstatement, but her dad had told her that no one was to know. Riles thought for a moment, looking at her ears when she dropped her hands. "Ok, Thea, I won't tell. You said there were medics?" He asked, changing the subject. Sam nodded gratefully, tying another bandana around her head. "Yes, a Captain Pike from the USS Pythagoras is here with a shuttle full of medical personnel." She stood, took the blonde boy from him, and carried him bridal style back to the officers, Riles following along behind. She stepped back as medics rushed JT back to the shuttle. She approached Pike as he spoke to Riles. "Are you ok, Riley? You're not hurt?" "No Sir, just JT. I don't know what happened. One minute we had been gathered to the square, the next … " He hiccupped as everything from the last few months was finally allowed to come forth and he broke down. Pike nodded, stood and motioned for him to join the medics as they loaded JT up. "Captain, I need to locate the others. I sent many down the stream, but I didn't want Riles or JT if he woke, to see them. Not after the attack on the camp. Riles still doesn't know about it, but I think he's guessed." "I'll come with you, if that's ok. Once we've found them, they can lock onto me and land nearby." Nodded, she headed off. Soon she had fifteen of the kids she had found the first day after the attack, waiting for the shuttle, along with three of the missing eight. The ten she had found the day before, she had started off in the direction of the caves as well as the one she had sent to send them on. They took the shuttle to the location. It took three hours of rounding them up and convincing them that they were from Starfleet, that they were safe. After that, they were on their way back to the ship. Sam guessed that none of them would feel safe again. Many would have lost their parents if not their entire family during this, and thus would be going to live with other family, into foster care or adopted. She was sad that she wouldn't be able to stay, but she needed to go. She just had to find a time to leave and meet up with her dad. He had finally contacted her while she was waiting for the Pythagoras. He would be able to beam her off the planet, but she had to get clear of everyone. It was late that day, after returning to the waterfall cave that Sam started to swing out to try and find the remaining five. She asked Pike to send Riles back if he felt up to it. That it would be best if they looked for them on their own, as they would know Riles and trust him. While waiting for Riles to be brought back down, Sam had managed to locate all five of them. She waited just out of sight until Riles was with her to tell him of her father coming for her. "There's a small mass of bushes ahead, that's where they are hiding. I have to go." "Your father show up?" He asked, and Sam could hear his voice breaking. Not for the first time did she think about the people that had been killed. No doubt he had lost his family that day. "Yes. I'm sorry Riles. I'd stay to make sure that you were all ok, but I need to go." She hugged him tightly before pulling back slightly. "Pike doesn't know that I'm not part of the colonists, but from my clothing, I'm sure he's guessed. Just tell him that I've left to go back to my family." "I will. Thank you for everything, Thea. I hope to see you again one day." He hugged her again quickly before heading toward the final members of their group. Thea knew that he would be alright, hoped that the others would be, and that one day she would see them again. I don't know what ships would have been available, so I made a couple up. If anyone knows what ship names would be stenclied onto the shuttles, let me know and I will change them.
A/N: Hi all, still here. Gotta love living in a small town, shops close a the oddest of times. The coffee shop I normally spend my Sunday mornings in is closed this week and I was away last week. So, I'm in the QANTAS Outback founders museum this morning. From what I've been able to write, I should only have about another three or four chapters left. Without further ado, here is chapter 9. Returning to Tarsus IV Jim simply listened to Thea, Winchester, as she told her story, a story that lasted two days. At the end of the first one, many of the crew were wondering what was going on. After that, they met at the end of Alpha shift and spoke well into Beta. He had added bits in every now and again when she asked what he and the kids had done while she was doing other things. He knew that the names of all those who had been rescued from the planet had been sealed, and as such, he hadn't been able to find any of them. He had come-to on the ship a couple of days later, long after Thea had left the planet. Questions to everyone he saw went unanswered, and he was never told the names of those he had been with. He had played with many of them before the massacre, but he had never asked for their names, just as they had never asked for his. He never saw them again on the ride back to Tarsus III. "Riles knew?" "About my ears? Only on the last day, and even then, he didn't know what it meant." Winchester, Thea, said. That's it, until this is finished, I'm calling her Thea. He thought. Aloud he asked, "Did Pike ever know?" "He recognised me within a week of me arriving at the academy three years later. It had only been a month since Dad had died, so I wasn't in the best mood. He saw me and Dean playing in the park. At first, he thought he was one of them." "Them?" Leon asked. "The Tarsus Nine." Jim said, remembering their names. "Riles, Tommy, Edna, Vid, Sha, Lony, Chell, El and myself." He took a shaking breath, memories he thought he had dealt with bubbling to the surface. He was surprised when a hand was placed on his arm. Looking up, he saw Thea. Not the Navigator of the Enterprise, but the young woman who had helped a bunch of kids hide from a monster. "We discovered over the weeks that we were the only ones that had been at the front of the group in the square to have seen and heard Kodos clearly enough to be able to ID him." "Pike wanted to know what had happened to me. Apparently, he hadn't believed Riles about my not being a part of the planet, despite the different clothes I wore." Winchester said. "I told him what I had told you, but he knew nothing of my being Vulcan, or a Hunter." Silence descended on the Office, each processing their thoughts. Jim thought over everything that had happened since then, and wondered if the Kirk from Spock Prime's universe had gone through the same thing. Just as he had the thought, a flash of understanding from the 'emotional transference' that had occurred on the ice planet went through his mind. Turned out he had. The silence was broken by a small knock on the door. They all jumped, except for Winchester, who smiled slightly, if a little guiltily and went to open it. A young man, looking to be in his mid-thirties, with dove grey eyes, dark hair and wearing an engineering red shirt, entered. He looked between Thea and him before breaking out in a sad smile. "Well, JT, I had hoped to see you again, but I don't much like the circumstances." The Texan accent drawled out several of the words, and Jim recognised him a moment later. "Riles?" He stood, not daring to believe that one of the kids, let alone one of the Nine stood before him. "Hey, JT." The man came closer, and Jim could see the scars on his face from the mad dash through the forest after they had sent the message out. He had gotten them from when he had been shot at the creek bed. Jim hugged him tightly, remembering all the times he had tried to find the others, and one was hiding under his nose. He must have been one of the new transfers, since he didn't recognise him. "How?" He said, drawing back and holding his 2IC from the planet. "I heard Pike say his last name, just before they transferred you to the ship." Winchester said as she came over. "On a hunch, I checked the ship crew list last night. Just as I was about to go and find him," "I knocked on her door. My full name is Kevin Mark Riley." Riley said as he finished Winchester's sentence. "I recognised her, especially the ears. I asked a couple of the crew about her, and they told me. I'm surprised you didn't recognise her, JT." "So am I." He didn't have an answer that, so instead he asked, "What now?" "Captain, the crew will want to know of the reason why all of Alpha shift have been sequestered away for the last two days. While we do not need to tell them everything, it might be of considerable help if they were made aware of where we are going, and at least the true nature of the mission." "Starfleet heads want to know if Kodos is dead. They never found him, nor a great many of his followers. Half the city vanished in an explosion just as they began to search it." Winchester said, seeming to have gathered, as Spock apparently had, the real reason Starfleet would send a ship to the planet. "There has been talk of looking at abandoned settlements to see if they can be reinhabited." "Do you think they know?" He asked, retaking his seat. "That you're one of the Nine? I doubt it. If Pike were still alive, he would have made an excuse to come with, just to make sure that you'd be alright. I never asked at the time, but he knew you." "Yeah, I was a rebel as a kid. He was the one to suggest sending me to Tarsus III to live with my Mom's sister. She, her husband and three kids were then invited to move to IV." After knowing of the recording and the plan Kodos had, they all knew the reason why. "And your mother never let you get the counselling you needed either, did she?" Winchester asked. Jim could only nod. A few weeks after returning home, his mother had started to believe his step-father that he was lying. That it was all made up, so he could return home. The official line was that the planet had suffered a massive catastrophe, and aside from the kids from his group, only another 100 people had survived, all of them adults. Despite his mother being in Starfleet, she was never able to read the reports, and thus never knew that he was telling the truth about moving from III to IV. She had never even contacted her sister to find out what had happened to her. His father's death had shaken her badly. "I'll make the crew aware as to where we are going, and the reason." He said as he stood. "Thea, Winchester." He dropped his head, still fighting the surfaced memories. "I think, when it's just us, JT, our nicknames will be fine. You're not the only one struggling with this." Winchester said. "Very well, Thea. I think just the people in this room will do for the trip onto the planet. We know what we are looking for. The shield should still be operating, unless something has happened to it." Jim dismissed them and they all filed out of the room to head to their quarters. He watched as Winchester and Leon wrapped arms around one another. She had come a long way in the last several years. Her abilities, while they most likely would never match Spock's in term of blocking, had grown remarkably. And now, they, along with Riles, would once again have to step foot onto a planet Jim had hoped he would never see again. While Thea was able to get them food, toward the end, it was getting harder. The blue pomegranate wasn't very nourishing, even if it was filling. They all lost a few extra kilos after the massacre. Even to this day, if they were planet-side, he would make sure his team ate before him; even if he himself didn't get much. He realised that Thea did the same thing. It was two days later that saw them getting ready for the trip to the surface. Winchester had convinced Jim to also allow several Hunters to accompany them to do a cleansing of the planet. Knowing that it would help her to concentrate without the cries of the dead, he ok'ed two others to come. Himself, Spock, Thea, Campbell, Bones, Riley, the Mills twins and Scotty (in case anything needed to be fixed) were beamed down. Uhura had stayed behind to monitor the communications and to keep an ear out in case Kodos tried to reach the ship, Sulu had stayed as well, seeing as he was next in command after Spock. As soon as they materialised, Thea dropped to her knees, crying out and clutching her head. "Thea?!" he asked, dropping beside her, but refraining from touching her. "There's so many more." She cried. The twins and Campbell looked at one another before John said, "Cleanse, now." "Wait!" Thea said, "Not planet, just here." Her words were weak, and Jim could barely hear them. "There's something going on." Jim looked at the Hunters for an explanation. They looked at one another again, before setting out a couple of bowls, herbs and other things he couldn't name. "She only wants us to do a small one for this area, so she can get a read on the spirits that are here. There's a lot more ghosts now than when she left, and she wants to find out why." Campbell answered his unasked question. Nodding, Jim stood and stepped clear. He took a look around where they had ended up. They were on the eastern outskirts of the destroyed city. Crumbled ruins were all that remained of the beautiful buildings that had surrounded the garden where Kodos had separated the population, nature reclaiming the buildings again. He shivered as the wind kicked up dust, tickling the back of his neck. The garden they had landed in was surprisingly intact. He saw a tree he had played in, blossoming with yellow flowers the size of his head, the wind blowing their honey-orange scent toward him. The wind blew pink rounded fruit from several bushes that formed an overgrown orange and red coloured hedge. They bounced on the bare ground in front of him, the grass long since dead and blown away. He reached out and grabbed one as it bounced past; it was about the size of a grapefruit. He remembered that despite their seemingly light weight, they grew very heavy, very fast, if broken open. Holding it in both hands, he tore the paper-thin shell in half. As he watched, it darkened to an almost black shade of pink while it grew in weight, until each half was about 500g. When he didn't feel it getting any heavier, he took a bite. He hummed as the sweet juice filled his mouth and ran down his chin. It tasted a little like pineapple mixed with a hint of mint and lemon. He guessed that the fruit rapidly absorbed and converted radiation to fill itself, the weight determined by the amount in the air. It clearly wasn't much, as he knew that each half could get to over five kilos each. "Jim, what on earth do you think you're doing?" Jim nearly rolled his eyes at Bones' outcry as he ate, ignoring the sounds of the tri-corder he was no doubt waving over him. This was the one planet that he had found that anything he ate didn't cause him to erupt into hives, or spots or any of the multitude of other things that had happened to him over the years. "I'm eating Bones, what does it look like." Seeing that Thea had recovered as the spell took effect, he handed her the untouched half, then broke the one he had again and handed it to Riles. "How come you didn't get us any of this, Thea?" Riles asked as they munched, heading toward the central garden. From there, he would be able to find the route that lead toward the caves that they had first stayed at. It was one of the few areas that he figured that wasn't filled with the cries of the dead, so hopefully Thea would be able to think. He was willing to let her be the leader of this party, he wasn't sure he would be able to. "It's only found south of here, and at the time wasn't fruiting." He said. The three old friends walked off, leaving a surprised crew scrambling to catch up. "Besides, Thea had a hard-enough time looking for food as it was without trying to go into the one area that was teaming with Kodos' men." They finished the sticky fruit, Jim telling the others about the first time he had discovered it, the tale sending them into fits of laughter as they left the city. Jim knew that the others might think them crude; but he could see the tension in Thea's eyes, the tightness around Riles' lips and he could hear it in his own voice. This was hitting them hard. And it was only going to get worse.
