Who said "I love you" first That I was in love with Jim was no secret to me or anyone who saw the way I looked at him, according to my friends. It also didn't take me by surprise when I first came to the realisation. I had been ridiculously attracted to him from the very beginning, and in turn, I was in way too deep by the first date. But I knew getting involved with Captain James T. Kirk was a risk. He had a reputation, but as I worked with him and got to know him a little better, I learned that his reputation was blown a bit out of proportion. That didn't make it less risky though. I could easily get my heart broken. But Jim was honest with me from the beginning. "You don't strike me as the friends with benefits type," Jim said. It was our second date, nothing fancy, but that was just the way I liked it. It was late and the mess hall was almost empty. Jim had secured a table in a corner, and it seemed like the few stragglers who dropped by understood what was going on and kept well away from us. "Maybe not," I replied. "But I haven't tried it. If the sex is good enough and the person annoying enough..." Jim looked at me for a long moment, his head cocked slightly to the side and there was something in his eyes I couldn't name. Then he shook his head. "No. You're the forever type of woman." "And you're not the forever type of man." "No." He still looked at me with that thoughtful look, and it almost made me squirm in my seat. On which planet had the captain learned the skill of looking into your soul? "But I'm up for the challenge. With you." Months later, I was hopelessly, irrevocably, utterly in love with him. He was everything I had thought I wanted and everything I didn't know I wanted. I truly loved him. But I was not going to be the first to say it. He had never given me a reason to doubt the feelings he showed me or how devoted he was to our relationship, but I couldn't help being scared. So, I kept it to myself. Until a very ordinary Thursday evening. We were two days away from our next exploratory stop, engineering was prepared, and the day had been uneventful and purely routine. Like most evenings, I retired to Jim's cabin after dinner. I read, Jim did some paperwork, we snuggled, showered and climbed into bed. I curled up against his side, one arm across his stomach, head near his heart. The relaxed beating and the sound of his breaths deepening calmed me enough to start drifting off. But seconds before I was lost to the world, Jim spoke. "I love you." His voice was sleepy. The arm around my shoulders tightened slightly. I froze for a moment. Then turned my head up to look at him, see if he was talking in his sleep, maybe it was the ship he confessed his love to. His eyes were indeed closed, but he opened them seconds later and then smiled at what I'm pretty sure was my shocked face. "I love you," he repeated. My shock morphed into a smile to match his and I stretched to give him a kiss. "I love you too, Jim." "Oh, thank god."
Who would have the other's picture as their phone background "Come on, Jim! Stand still!" "No! You are not taking a picture of me like this!" I was jumping and trying to get my PADD back, but Jim was holding it just out of reach. "Jimmy... Please..." I whined and laid my hands on his chest. "Everyone in the transporter room is gonna take a picture. Let your girlfriend take one too! Please..." I bat my eyelashes at him and did my best to look as adorable as I could. "If they dare, I'll have them transferred to a garbage scow. Same goes for you. You'll get your PADD back when I'm off the ship." "No sex for you when you come back." I pouted. He leaned down and gave me a quick kiss. "Empty threats and you know it. You know you can't resist all of this." He stepped back and gestured to himself in that ridiculous garb he was wearing. Jim was leading an away team to a planet whose civilisation had yet to reach a modern era. A couple of science officers had already been down there to observe in hiding, and it was such an interesting species that they had decided to go back, but to blend in this time. Clothes had been replicated for the whole team, and Jim – who had taken it upon himself to lead the mission – was now ready. It was a garish yellow robe of some sort, it looked like witch's robe meets kilt, the very first original kilt style. It looked like it had been dyed with urine. On his head was a matching headband, tied in an elaborate knot on the right side. His shoes were made of a straw-like material. "Yeah, real sexy, Captain." "I got to go, sweetheart. Chekov will stop by with your PADD when we're gone." "Fine." I pouted. "Be careful, baby." "I will." One last kiss and he swept out the door. Just before it slid shut, I heard him almost yell at whoever was in the hallway. "One picture and I'll have you on a garbage scow before you can say cheese!" Giggling, I hurried to the computer on the desk and opened a new message to Chekov. Pavel. Jim is holding my PADD hostage, he'll give it to you before you transport him down. Please take a picture of him and send it to me. Please. I'll make it worth your while if he catches you. No need to ask. I was going to either way ;) I sat there waiting, drumming my fingers on the desk, for what felt like forever. I glanced at the clock every half minute, but it felt like every hour. Twenty minutes later, the door chimed. "Computer, open the door." "Lieutenant, your PADD." Chekov stood there, straight as a pole, hand outstretched with my PADD. I jumped up and grabbed it, browsed to the pictures and found one of the entire away team on the transporter pads. Jim looked straight at the camera, a look of growing horror on his face. "I took it at the same time as the beaming started." "You're a saint, Pavel. Thank you!" I kissed his cheek and he left, looking a little flushed. Immediately I set the picture as my new background, cropping everyone else out, leaving Jim and his horrified face to replace my old background of us kissing.
Who leaves notes written in fog on the bathroom mirror I missed Jim. It was a busy time, both working overtime and barely seeing each other. Maybe we passed each other in the hallways rushing from one place to the other with no time for more than a hello, or we saw each other long enough for a quick kiss as one came home from their shift and the other started theirs. It was taking its toll on me. I longed to feel his arms around me, his lips on mine for more than a chaste kiss. I needed to talk to him, talk about work, about life. I needed to snuggle with him as I slept because the fact was, that I had grown accustomed to sleeping next to him and just didn't sleep as well without him anymore. I just... I needed to be with him. It looked like he was suffering from it too, with increasingly darker circles beneath his eyes, his hair was less perfect every time I saw him. Occasionally, Bones was trailing after him, a tricorder at the ready and a dark scowl. Jim needed a break. I needed a break. Last night I had heard a rumour that we would be off the clock around the same time, and I hoped I would be able to have a few minutes with him before falling asleep. But I was so exhausted. I managed to undress but never made it to the shower. Was just going to lie on the bed for a few minutes, but the next thing I knew, an alarm woke me, and it was morning. With a groan from needing much more rest, I flung my arm over to Jim's side. It was still cold and empty. So I let loose another groan, of sadness this time, and got up to shower, praying I would have more than one minute with my boyfriend soon, or I would go crazy. The warm water felt too good on my tired body, and I struggled to stay awake. A stone cold raktajino would be needed after the shower, or I wouldn't be able to even walk to engineering without falling asleep. I had been standing under the spray of water too long, fighting to stay awake and trying to remember Jim's schedule, if there would be time for some quality time coming up. But my brain didn't work, and I would have to check my PADD if I got two minutes to spare for a break during the day. I turned off the water while praying for a quieter day, and got out of the shower. Something red on the mirror caught my eye, and I looked up. On the mirror in red lip liner and Jim's handwriting were the words: Observation deck 2 at 1900 hours. I made Scotty clear your schedule :* And beneath it, he had added with his finger in the fog: Love you! I hadn't even heard him come in! With the towel around me and water dripping on the floor, I poked my head out of the door. And there he was on the bed, asleep with his uniform on.
Who initiates the first kiss We hadn't even had our first proper date when it happened. We had both finished our Alpha shifts and ran into each other in the mess hall. "Eat with me?" Jim asked, picking up two trays and handing one to me. "Sure." I smiled, heart beating a bit faster at the hopeful look in his eyes. Then I turned to the replicators. "Bregit lung with grapok sauce, zilm'kach and an iced raktajino." The machine whirred to life. "Klingon food?" Jim made a face of disgust. "It's not as bad as you think," I defended, taking the plates of food and drink and setting it on my tray. "Some of their animals produce really good meat. But I'm not fond of their worms." I shuddered, thinking of the first time I had seen racht. I hadn't even tasted it. "Well, I'll just settle for some old-fashioned pork and potatoes and black coffee with two sugar." We brought our trays to an empty table and began eating. It was quiet for a few minutes, but – surprisingly – it wasn't an awkward silence. Jim broke the quiet first. He reached for a large gulp of coffee, then leaned back in his chair and rested the fork on his plate. "How was engineering today?" I swallowed a bite of the bregit lung and smiled. "Your ship is purring like a kitten." Jim chuckled. "That's what I like to hear." Conversation flowed easily after that until the food was gone and we were both nursing the rest of our coffee drinks. And that's when he asked the question I had been waiting since I saw him approach the mess hall from the opposite direction of me. "You never gave me an answer, you know, Lieutenant." He was leaning back again and looked awfully cocky, one leg crossed over the other, the coffee cup in his hand resting on his knee. "An answer to what, Captain?" "You know perfectly well what." "Remind me." He put both feet back on the floor and leaned forward, looking at me too intensely. "I want to take you out on a date. And you've left me hanging for a week." I raised one eyebrow. "Tell me why I should say yes." He didn't even hesitate to answer. "Because you're beautiful. And you're smart. And we have chemistry. And you can cut the sexual tension between us with a knife. And I'd like to get to know you better, intimately." He leaned a tiny bit closer, wetting his lips. His eyes darted to mine briefly, before holding my gaze again. "And I'm the best kisser you'll ever meet." The silence was palpable now. I stared into his too bright blue eyes, working hard to resist the temptation of looking at his lips. But when his tongue darted out to wet them again, my eyes were drawn to them. Perfectly pink, plump, wet – and smirking. "Come closer," I whispered. He did, but I shook my head and beckoned him with my fingers. "Closer. Even closer. A little bit more." Jim was now off his chair, inches from my face, leaning across the table. I reached out with one hand and laid in on the back of his, then kissed him. It was clear he had not expected it, but it was only half a second before he responded. Moving his lips across mine, tongue boldly darting out to deepen the kiss, but I didn't let him. He made a slight whine of complaint, and that's when I pulled away. I smacked my lips a bit as if tasting something new and reached for the rest of my raktajino. I drank the rest of it and stood up. Jim had fallen back on his seat and looked slightly dazed. "Okay. I'll go on a date with you," I said, then took my tray, dropped it off at the trash bins and left the mess hall.
Who kisses the other awake in the morning An alarm blared and was timed perfectly with my dream, making me mistake it for red alert. I jolted awake, heaving for my breath, every limb stiff. For a few seconds, I stared disoriented around in the semi-dark room, my brain sluggishly trying to understand that the lack of a red blinking light meant that there was no danger. Muscle memory had me reaching for the bedside table and silenced the alarm. As silence filled the room, I breathed easier. I glanced at the clock and it read 0602 hours. Then I turned to see if Jim was awake yet, but he was still sleeping peacefully. The sight of him made the last of the adrenaline rush out of my body and I turned to my side and inched closer to him, needing to be as near as possible. I sneaked one arm across his torso, the other was squashed between his arm and my chest. I pressed my lips to his upper arm for a second and then breathed him in. My eyes fluttered and I didn't remember anything else until I jolted awake. I looked back at the clock again and it was now 0610. Jim was still asleep. We were going to be late for our shifts if we didn't get up soon. I nudged him gently, but he must be sleeping pretty deeply. So, I raised myself up on my elbow and looked down at him, smiling. Then I pressed my lips to his forehead. And his cheek. His eye. There was a low hum from him. I kissed his nose. His cheek again. His chin. Then his lips. Jim made another humming sound, his nose scrunching up briefly. I realised my hair had fallen over his face and must be tickling him. I didn't push it away but kept peppering his face with kisses. Not even stopping when his eyes slowly opened and he spoke. "Sweetheart? It's too early to wake me up." "No, it's not." Kiss. He closed his eyes again. "It's getting," kiss, "late." Kiss. "You need to," kiss, "wake up." Suddenly, his arms shot up and his hands went to my face to hold me still. His eyes snapped open again, the pupils nearly swallowing the bright blue, but they shrank to shield themselves from the simulated daylight. "What time is it?" he asked. "Around 0615." I grinned. "Well then." He pulled my face to his and pressed his lips to mine quickly. "Rise and shine, beautiful," he whispered against my lips, and before I knew it, he had let me go and had rolled out of bed. I groaned, but the sight of his naked ass walking away from me had me up and running after him in seconds.
Who asks who if they can join the other in the shower I had never been so filthy in my entire life, I was sure. Not even that time when I was 7 and angry at my parents and rolled around in the mud, ruining all my clothes and forcing my mother to cut my hair short to get all the dirt and tangles out. I had been crawling through Jeffries tubes all day, hauling tools and cables, doing some fine tuning on the weapon system. Dust was clinging to my sweaty skin, there was grease marks on my face and all over my uniform. One sleeve was torn off, thanks to me nearly falling down the ladder in one of the tubes when the ship had shaken slightly. My feet slipped, but my sleeve had caught on a loose screw at the top of the ladder, and the few seconds it took for the fabric to tear, gave me enough time to scramble and get my feet safely onto the step and my hands tight around the metal bars. The wrench had fallen, making a racket. But I was safe, and cursing whoever or whatever made the ship shake. When my shift finally ended, I thought it best to dump off my tools, skip the mess hall and go straight back to my room to throw the uniform in the trash and have a good long scrub in the shower. "Hey there, Lieutenant." As I walked out of the turbolift, I ran straight into Jim. "Captain." I nodded. "Rough day? What happened to your sleeve?" "You have no idea. Who was responsible for the speedbump we ran over earlier today?" "I think that might be my fault. I asked for a course correction and there was some anomaly." "That's great! I can blame you for my ruined uniform." "What happened?" "Jeffries tube, ladder, speedbump, loose screw." We had reached my quarters and I punched in my code to open the door. "Not my quarters today?" Jim followed me inside. "Figured you didn't want all this filth in your shower. Besides, I need a new uniform. I have none clean left at your place." "We ought to think about moving you into my place again, darling." He pushed my hands away as I reached for the zipper under my arm, and pulled it down. "I am there most of the time." I felt my heart beat a tiny bit faster. We had talked about this before, but never really made a decision. Jim pushed the dress uniform off my shoulders and I wiggled out of the arm. "You are. Though I'm sure you love to use your cabin as a gigantic walk-in-closet." The uniform fell to the floor. "Walk-in-closets are good." Jim unhooked my bra, and that too fell off. "But it's too far away from the bedroom to be really useful." "Can you live with sixty percent of my closet?" He planted a kiss on my shoulder, and I only just resisted the temptation of leaning back into him. Instead, I kicked off my boots, pulled off my socks, pushed my underwear down, and stepped out of them, leaving behind a pile of clothes on the floor. "Possibly." I looked back at him over my shoulder. "Could you throw my uniform away and toss the rest in the hamper while I shower?" His gaze was on my ass, but he nodded slowly. I walked into the bathroom, making sure to sway my hips a little bit more than usual. I had just been in the shower for a couple of minutes, soaking my hair, when the door opened and Jim came in, naked. I stepped aside to let him in under the water and began shampooing my hair. He watched me as I did, and then we moved to switch places. He held out his hand for my shampoo. "Didn't know you needed a shower? Haven't you just been sitting in your chair all day?" "Don't be cheeky, I may have to punish you."
Who surprises the other in the middle of the day at work with lunch The sound of my communicator going off made me jump, and I bumped my head on a pipe. "Bloody hell! Not now..." I ignored the ringing and kept trying to fit the circuit board into the slot. My communicator had gone off several times throughout the day, but I had ignored it. Scotty wanted me to improve the sensors, and we had picked up the new parts the other day, and today was the first opportunity I had to work on it. The communicator had been quiet for about a minute before it started again. "No no no, I don't have time for you right now. Whatever it is, it can wait." Finally, it seemed like whoever was bothering me gave up. I continued my work in peace, ignoring the growling of my stomach. It must be lunchtime, but I'll be damned if I don't get this done before I allow myself to eat. "Oy! Lassie! Why aren't ya answering yer communicator?" Scotty marched over, his voice stern. "Because I'm trying to get this done, but the bloody circuit board won't..." Grunt. "Fit." "Wha' if it's something important?" There was something in his voice that made me pause, and slowly peek out from under the panel. "Is it important?" "Capt'n says there's something urgent for ya to attend to in his ready room." I instantly felt calmer and went back inside the panel to try to force the circuit board in where I wanted it. "Tell the Captain I can attend to his boner later." I wouldn't say something like that to anyone, but I was comfortable enough with Scotty to dare it. "Sorry, lassie. He asked me to pull rank on ya. He spouted something about regulations and Starfleet and very, very urgent." Scotty mimicked Jim's voice. "I'll finish up for ya." I groaned but felt my heart beat a bit faster from nerves. There really must be something urgent then. What could I have done to make Starfleet want a meeting with me? I put the circuit board and tools down, wiggled my way free and stood up. "Bit dusty there." Scotty brushed something off my shoulder. "Better look presentable." "Yeah. Did he say what this was about?" "Maybe. He yammered on about this and that, dinnae catch it all." I just nodded and strode out of engineering. I reached the turbolift quickly. Thankfully, it was empty. "Bridge," I said, and leant back against the wall, a million thoughts racing through my head. I hadn't broken any regulations. Had I? All too quickly, the turbolift came to a halt and the door slid open to reveal the bridge. "Permission to enter the bridge," I said. Hikaru was in the captain's chair, and he swivelled around. "Granted. The captain is expecting you in his ready room." "Thank you, Mr Sulu." I walked as quickly as I could across the bridge without looking stressed. The door opened as soon as I pressed my thumb to the panel near the door. At first, I didn't see Jim. But as I walked further in, he was sitting on the couch just out of the view from anyone who may see inside from the bridge through the open door. "Jim, what on earth...?" The table was filled with food, two plates, one steaming cup of coffee and one cup of iced raktajino, judging by the condensation on outside of the cup. "I've been trying to reach you all day," he said and stood up. He didn't look happy with me. "That was you... I was finally able to start working on the sensors today and was kinda stuck inside a panel." Jim walked slowly towards me, and even though he looked pissed, my heart started beating faster again, but not out of nerves this time. "You should still answer your communicator when your Captain calls you." He was right in front of me now, staring me down, eyes icy. "I am sorry, sir. I will answer next time. What did you want?" "You." His arms snuck around my waist, pulled me flush against his body and I squeaked. "For lunch." "You want to have me for lunch, or do you want me to have lunch with you?" He cocked his head and licked his lips. "Yes."
Who was nervous and shy on the first date I had agreed to go on a date with Captain James T. Kirk. My brain said no, but my heart screamed yes. And that kiss I had stolen in the mess hall the other day, was too good not to experience again. On the morning after I had kissed him, he caught me in the hallway and told me he'd be outside my cabin at 1900 hours on Friday. I asked what he had planned, but he had just brushed the question off and told me to wear something nice but comfortable. He had looked very proud of himself when he walked away. I was awfully curious, and as I stood in my small bathroom getting ready, I was fighting a storm of butterflies in my stomach. I was more nervous and excited than I thought I would be. When 1900 hours finally arrived, I was dressed in a brand new pair of jeans and a red blouse. The door chimed almost on the second, and I couldn't help but wonder if Jim had been standing there, counting the seconds. The doors slid open and there he stood, looking dashing in black trousers and a crisp white shirt, hair neatly combed and proof of Scotty's nickname for him. In his hands were three long-stemmed red roses. His blue eyes shone as they gave me the once-over. "Hi," he breathed, offering me the roses. "Hello, Captain. Roses? Thank you! I'm impressed." I gestured for him to come in so I could find a vase for the roses. "Good. You look amazing, by the way." "Thanks," I said, rummaging around in the cupboard under the replicator. "I feel a little underdressed compared to you though." "You're not. You're perfect." Holding an old forgotten empty bottle in my hands, I stand up and look at him. There was something in his voice and the way he looked at me that seemed a bit out of character from the Jim I knew. "Thanks," I replied. "Think this will do as a vase?" "Saurian brandy bottle? That should do." I filled it with water from the bathroom and then set the bottle and roses on the bedside table. "There. I'm ready to go." Without a word, Jim held out his arm for me, and he guided me through the hallways, into the turbolift. "Observation deck 2," he told the lift, and it promptly sped off. The ride was spent in silence, and I tried my hardest not to fidget in the awkwardness, I was still holding onto his arm. Just when I was about to burst out something just to end the quiet, the turbolift came to a halt. The doors opened to reveal a scene like from an old movie. There was a table by the window, a white cloth draped over it. A vase with another red rose stood in the middle, plates, cutlery and champagne flutes on each side. A smaller table was next to it with three silver cloches covering something that smelled delicious and a silver champagne bucket on it. "Wow, Jim," I said, letting go of his arm and walking inside, taking it all in. The moment I stepped onto the deck, music began playing, a rocky classical piece. "No no no! Computer, stop the music!" Jim exclaimed, hurrying into the room. "I requested old classical music, not classical music. Computer, play old classical music." The same drumbeat and guitar riffs filled the air. "No, dammit! Computer, stop the music! I'm sorry." "It's okay, we don't need music." I was a little amused by the fluster in Jim's voice and the way he seemed very stressed. "No music. Have a seat." He walked over to one of the chairs and held it out for me. I sat and he made sure I was seated comfortably, before moving to the champagne cooler and grabbing the bottle. He began working the stopper, got a good grip, winked at me, and the cork snapped off, "son of a bitch!", sailed over my head – I ducked just in time, it bounced off the window and disappeared under one of the seats at the other end of the room. When I looked at Jim again, the champagne was pouring from the bottle, making a real mess on the floor. I couldn't help it, I started laughing. Jim looked horrified, but I just couldn't stop. I apologised in between breaths, but my words weren't legible. Feeling bad, I managed to get my giggles under control. "I'm sorry for laughing," I said. "There's still some left in here, I think." He held the bottle up to the light. "Let's have it then." With slightly shaking hands, Jim divided what was left of the bubbly wine as equally as he could. Then he served the food, which he explained to be crab tortellini with some sauce Hikaru had recommended. For the first few minutes of eating, the silence was back. I tried not to let it get to me, as we were both busy eating, but when I complimented him on the choice of food, it seemed to break the ice and conversation flowed as easily at it usually did between us. But there was something... Something about the way he spoke that seemed unfamiliar to me. And his entire posture was stiff. I had known him and been attracted to him long enough to know when he wasn't being entirely himself. When the time came for dessert, Jim stood up to lift the last cloche. "Shit. Fuck." "What?" I stood up to get a better look, but he quickly put the cloche over the dish. "Dessert has melted." He moved to sit down and again, and it looked like he wanted to melt too. "Melted?" "I replicated salty caramel ice cream. It has melted." "We don't need dessert. Dinner was good, it was very good." Jim didn't say anything. He just leaned his head back and ran his hand over his face and then through his hair, ruffling up the perfect look. He took two deep breaths, then looked at me. "I'm so sorry about all of this," he said. "I have to admit I've never done a date like this before." "Dinner and dessert?" "The wine and dine and roses and courting." "You didn't have to do all this for me. I'd be happy with just a replicated burger somewhere fairly quiet where we could talk." He nodded. "Duly noted. I've also never gone on a date with someone I knew as a friend first." He chuckled. "I can't believe I'm so nervous. And everything went wrong." "You've been adorable though." I winked at him. He smiled, then looked around at the room and seemed to be doing some quick thinking. "What about this? I call my yeoman to clean up my mess, and you and I go to the mess hall and replicate whatever we want for dessert? And just talk." "Will you judge me if I request an unladylike sized sundae and a giant milkshake? And some chips?" "Not at all. Though I might find myself more attracted to you." He grinned then, and stood and offered me his arm again, this time full of his signature confidence.
Who kills/takes out the spiders "Captain, there have been an incident in the arthropodology lab." Spock had just entered the bridge, and stood as calm as a statue with his hands behind his back and gazing at the view screen, quite the opposite of the storm of emotions that passed across Captain Kirk's face at the mention of the arthropodology lab. "What do you mean incident?" Jim asked. "One of the spider habitats have broken and the spiders are on the lose." This caught the attention of a few of the other bridge officers. "How could a habitat break?" "It appears that the poison in the species with poisonous legs melts glass." Spock was still as calm and unaffected as if he was giving a weather report. "Lieutenant Tanager is currently rounding up the escaped spiders." Jim was quiet for a long moment. Until he stood up, turned around, grabbed onto the back of the chair for support and looked at Spock. "Okay, Commander Spock. Let's see how much damage has been done." "I need a shower," Jim muttered the moment he was out the door. He whipped out his comm and called for the bridge. "Mr Sulu, will you please take the conn? There is something I need to take care of." "Of course, Captain." Jim flipped the lid shut and marched as quickly as he could without seeming panicked to his quarters, praying that no one would stop him on his way. He could practically feel ten million creatures crawling all over his skin. Just as he came into the hallway where his quarters were, he saw that enthusiastic ensign that always cornered him to ask a bunch of questions at the other end of the hall. He sped up and just as the ensign was about to say hi, Jim hurriedly entered the code, waved at the ensign and slipped inside, exhaling in relief. "Hello, Captain!" I looked up from my PADD. "You looked stressed. What's up?" "Arthropodology accident." Jim began clawing at his gold shirt, trying to get it off, his breaths going shallow and fast. "Jim, calm down, please," I said and hurried up off the couch. I grabbed his wrists and held them still. "Jim, look at me." When he didn't respond, I squeezed his wrists. "Look at me." He finally did. "Breathe. Like this." I took a deep breath through my nose, and let it out through my mouth. "You're okay. Let me take your uniform off." He nodded, eyes wide. Calmly, I reached down to unzip his pants so I could pull the black undershirt free. Then I grabbed the bottom of that and the gold uniform shirt and pulled. "Arms up, Jim." He obeyed immediately, and I pulled the garment up. Then I knelt down and untied his boots, and now he lifted each foot on his own, letting me pull off his boots and socks. Then, to distract him a little, because in the corner of my eye I saw a spider crawling on the uniform shirt, I looked up at him through my lashes. So slowly, I reached for the hem of his pants, and pulled down. Then, his underwear, licking my lips while I did. I stood up. "Go take a shower, baby, and I'll get these clothes to laundry. Okay?" "Okay." I watched him disappear into the bathroom, and when I heard the water turn on, I quickly moved to find a glass and a plate. The spider was still crawling over his shirt, and I picked it up and shook it so the tiny black monster would fall to the floor. I crouched down and aimed with the glass, then put it on top of the creature. "Gotcha!" I slid the plate under the glass. "I think Lieutenant Tanager is looking for you, little buddy. Let's get you back to her."
Who loudly proclaims their love when they're drunk "Look a' her!" Jim slurred, half sitting, half hanging on the barstool. "Isn't she beautiful?" He pointed at me, his aim slightly off. "I can't believe she's still with me..." The Enterprise was docked at Starbase Earhart to pick up a handful of new crew members, but some incident with their ride to the starbase had caused them to be delayed, and the crew of the Enterprise took the opportunity to unwind for a few days while waiting. A few of us had gathered in mine and Jim's quarters on the Earhart, Scotty had brought his good scotch and Chekov had brought a couple of some obscure, age-old Russian bottles so thick with dust no one could read the labels. But judging by Jim's current condition, it was some good stuff. "Ye bagged a good'ne, Cap'n Purrfuct 'air." Scotty slurred even worse than Jim and slapped his hand on Jim's head to ruffle that no longer perfect hair. I felt myself blush as the two men stared at me, their gazes slightly cross-eyed and shifting back and forth, not able to focus. Nyota and I were sitting at the other end of the room, a touch soberer than the two men. Chekov was asleep on the couch, Spock had left hours ago. Bones and Hikaru were attempting to play three-dimensional chess, but seeing as they were both tipsy, it didn't go so well. Jim leant over the counter, staring dreamily at me. "I donnow what I did to desverve her. But imma marry her." Nyota giggled and if I wasn't so busy trying to hide my blush, I would have punched her arm. I tried to ignore the two men, who got louder and louder with every sip of Chekov's devil juice. "You said you have started learning Ferengi?" But she wasn't even able to answer when Jim nearly shouted again. "One day, imma marry her!" "Ye'd be so lucky, Cap'n!" Jim sat suddenly straight, and his face contorted. I was sure he was going to be sick, but instead, he downed the rest of his glass, then slid off the chair and began wobbling and careening over to where Nyota and I sat. "Marry me!" he said and dumped down on the couch next to me. "Will you marry me?" "Jim," I started, feeling embarrassed now. He was being ridiculous. "Please, marry me. I love you so much." He then used his shoulder to push against the couch and promptly fell to the floor, banging his knee. Somehow, he shuffled himself onto the other one and looked at me with red shot eyes. "Will you marry me?" "Jim, you're drunk," I replied. "You don' wanna marry me?" He sounded like a wounded puppy, and it seemed to wake the rest of the room up. "Right," Bones said and stood up. "You win, Sulu. I think it's time to call it a night. Help me with Chekov, will you?" Hikaru nodded, and the two lifted Chekov off the couch, who woke up enough to let Hikaru guide him out of the room. Nyota and Bones persuaded Scotty to come with them, Bones promising him some more fiery alcohol elsewhere. By the time they had all left, Jim was back on the couch, head on my shoulder and both his hands on my arm. "Marry me..." he mumbled. "Jim, come on. You're drunk and you're not gonna remember any of this tomorrow. Let's get you to bed." I stood up and pulled him with me over to the bed. He sat down and let me undress him, sleepy heart eyes on me all the time. My heart was breaking. Yeah, I wanted to marry him. I wanted nothing else than to throw myself at him and scream yes. But he wasn't in his right mind. He'd never hinted at marriage, he always made it clear how happy he was with the way we were right now. I managed to get him stripped down to his boxers and coaxed him further up the bed. He landed on the pillow, and I pulled the covers over him. "You're sayin' no?" "I'm not saying anything, Jim. You're stupidly drunk. You're not serious, you can't spout this out of the blue. Should you come up with it again while sober, give it a good think and then try again. But you won't remember any of this tomorrow, so it's fine, Jimmy. It's fine. Now go to sleep. You're gonna need it." My heart broke even more and as I strode into the bathroom to get myself ready for bed, I couldn't help but cry a bit while staring at my reflection. I finished quickly and crawled into bed next to Jim. I was sure he would be asleep, but I felt him shift and snuggle into my back. ... Next morning, I woke to the sound of groaning. Turning around, I saw Jim sitting up, head in his hands, a string of curses passing over his lips. "You okay, sweetheart?" I asked, laying a hand on his thigh. "This is the worst headache I have ever head," he mumbled, his voice hoarse. "You got pretty hammered last night. Are you gonna be sick?" He was quiet for a few seconds. "No. Not nauseous at all. But incredibly thirsty and my head hurts and my throat hurts and my knee hurts for some reason." "Yeah, you fell off the couch," I said, thinking I was right and he didn't remember anything of what he had said and done. "I need water," he said and rose slowly from the bed and over to the counter where the replicator stood. It whirred to life and filled a glass of ice cold water for him. Next to the replicator was a hypospray that Bones must have left the previous night, and Jim injected himself with it while waiting for the water. I settled back into my pillow, wanting to fall back asleep and forget all about yesterday. But Jim soon came back and laid down next to me, propped up on his elbow and looking down at me. He looked better. "I remember everything I said last night." My heart stopped for a second. "And it wasn't out of the blue. I have thought about it for a long time, and I meant every word." I stared incredulously at him, and it just made him grin. "I had a whole thing planned, you know. But because my drunken self spoiled the surprise, I guess I have to do make up a plan B." He reached for my hand and held it to his lips, kissing the back of my hand. "I love you. I love you more each day and more than I thought possible. I can't – and don't want to – imagine my life without you. The ring is up in our room on the ship, but... Will you marry me?"
Who is the cuddler? I yawned widely as I stepped into the turbolift. "Wow! Careful before you swallow someone!" I closed my mouth and looked around for who had spoken. "Pavel." I tried to smile, but it broke into another yawn. "Deck 5," I told the turbolift. "Great cow, I'm tired. I've been up since we stumbled into that dark matter nebula. Couldn't sleep after, so I just started my shift early." "Yes, that was very dramatic. But that means you've worked two and a half shifts?!" "It certainly feels like I have. And I have the early shift tomorrow." The turbolift stopped at deck 7 and Pavel Chekov bid me goodnight and told me I'd better get some rest and maybe switch some shifts around tomorrow so I could sleep in. That wasn't a bad idea, I thought to myself as the turbolift continued on to deck 5. It would be hard to do that so late in the day, but maybe, for once in my life, I would do something I had sworn to myself I would never do – take advantage of my relationship with a superior. The door to the turbolift opened to a deserted corridor, most of the senior officers would have retired for the night. I hoped Jim hadn't gone to sleep yet, but I was quiet as I entered the code on the panel by the door and walked inside. The rooms were bathed in bright light and there was the sound of someone talking, but it wasn't Jim. I looked around and saw him sitting by the desk with only a towel around his waist, fingers sliding and tapping on the screen if his PADD, while the computer screen next to him was open to the ship's logs. It was Spock's voice that came from the computer, droning on about the goings-on in the geology lab. Wanting to say hello without interrupting, I sidled over. Jim looked up at my approach and smiled. I leaned down for a quick kiss, before making a beeline to the bathroom to shower off the long day I'd had. I could still hear the drone of Spock's voice when I was done showering and went on with my night-time routine. It wasn't until I came back out that Jim flicked the screen to shut the science officer up. "Been catching up on some logs and reports waiting for you," he said, swivelling his chair around. "You've had a long day." "Very." I walked over to him and he took my hands in his, pulling me to stand between his legs. He laid my hands on his shoulders and let his own slowly move up my arms and down the side of my breasts and to my waist, grabbing fistfuls of the shirt I was wearing and pulling me even closer. "I love you in this," he said, looking me up and down. It was one of his first uniform shirts, the yellow was starting to fade from too many washings, but it was my favourite and I would never let him throw it out. "And I love wearing it." I slid my hands up into his hair, and his eyes closed as he leaned his forehead on my stomach. "I'm tired, Jim. Come cuddle with me?" "Cuddle, huh?" He took a deep breath as if he was considering. And then suddenly he stood up, grabbed my thighs and lifted me up making me squeal as I wrapped my legs around him for support. "Okay then." He walked us towards the bed and gently laid me down and then dropped himself down beside me. I scooted closer and laid my head on his shoulder and put my hand on his stomach. His hand was in my hair, he was resting his head on the other. "This is nice," I said, fingers dipping just inside the bottom of his shirt. "You're a good cuddler, Captain Blue Eyes." "We've barely laid down," he said with amusement. "I know. I just really like cuddling with you." I slowly moved my hand up inside his shirt. "I never cuddled before I met you." "I brought you to the dark side." I was drawing circles on his chest, humming. "Not so much dark side, with those eyes that glow in the dark." Jim chuckled and he reached under his shirt to grab my hand. "What do you want?" "I can't cuddle with my boyfriend without an ulterior motive?" He pulled my hand out from his shirt and laced our fingers together and laid them near his heart. "You can. But this is the dark side, remember?" I looked up, his eyes were closed, but the corners of his lips were quirked up. "I'm tired, sleepy. It's been a long day." He opened his eyes and looked down at me. "You want to have a later shift tomorrow?" As he said it out loud like that, I felt stupid. I looked down and shook my head slightly. "Never mind. It's stupid. I shouldn't take advantage of our relationship. I swore I never would." "Hey." He moved so I had to support myself on my elbow and he put two fingers under my chin, forcing me to look at him. "You're not taking advantage. I'll take care of it. If I don't, I'm sure Bones would have kittens if he knew you went straight to work after 20 hours on and just…" He glanced at the screen on the bedside table. "5 hours of sleep. I'll just be saving my CMO some stress." "Thank you." I leaned over to kiss him, lingering a little bit. "Pulling the cuddle card." He winked and moved to get out of bed. "I'm so weak for it." "No, no, don't go. Cuddle more." I reached for him, but he was out of my reach. "I'm wearing too many clothes. And I'm so turning this around on you next time I want something."
Who cries during movies? It had been a while since I attended a movie night. They usually happened once a week on the recreational deck, but for the past few months, there had either been no movies that piqued my interest or I had been busy with other things. Tonight though, they were showing an about 250-year-old classic about space exploration gone wrong, and I had always been fascinated with how our ancestors thought the future would be. I had asked Jim if he wanted to come along and he agreed. It was still early in our relationship, and we hadn't been on a movie date yet. This one we had agreed to keep casual, as it was very public, so we had met at the turbolift still in our uniforms. But I had to admit I took a quick sonic shower and changed into a clean uniform before heading out. The movie was enjoyable, it was one of the more exciting ones I had seen from that era. Jim seemed to be enjoying it too, the hand he had resting on my thigh twitched at one sudden explosion and he squeezed my thigh a little during a few intense scenes. But the ending got to me. Before I really knew what was happening, I felt a few tears run down my face and I was quick to wipe them away. Crying on a date couldn't be a good thing. I tried to sniff discreetly and camouflaged the wiping of tears with rubbing my face with tiredness. But the emotional scene just kept reaching new heights, and I gritted my teeth and cleared my throat, blinking furiously, and tried to list the components that made up a warp reactor in alphabetical order in my head to keep the emotional reaction to a minimum. I was convinced Jim would run fast the other way if he saw me this emotional over a damn sci-fi movie, our relationship was not ready for that. The movie came to a blessed end and I pretended to be busy fishing my communicator out of my pocket, so I could turn my back to Jim and put my game face back on. But he laid a hand on my shoulder and leaned in to whisper. "Are you okay?" "I'm fine," I muttered. "Good movie." He made a sound like he didn't believe me. "Yeah, it was good. Want to grab a bite in the mess hall before we call it a night?" "I think I'll just head to bed. Goodnight." I stood up to walk out, but Jim grabbed my hand and pulled me back down. "Is something wrong?" I slowly turned on the seat and lifted my head to look at him, pursing my lips. He looked at me with confusion, genuinely concerned and apparently not aware of why I was lowkey freaking out. I cocked my head and stared at him. Then he blinked. "Oh! Oooh..." He leaned in to whisper, people were still leaving or still sitting around. "Don't want me to see that you cried?" "Something like that." "Show me a person who wasn't affected by that ending, I dare you. That person doesn't have a heart, and I will have them transferred at first opportunity." There was something playful in his eyes and I felt my anxiousness leave my body. "Hell, I'll strike a deal with the Klingons and send them to Rura Penthe." I couldn't help but chuckle. The day James T. Kirk struck a deal with the Klingons... No, not even if hell had frozen over. "Yes, I want to grab a bite before bed." "Good, I'm feeling peckish."
Who makes the bed? "Sunshine, come back to bed..." Jim whined, stretching across the sheets, hands making grabbing motions in the air. "Get up, Jim. I have to make the bed." Hands on my hips, I stood just out of reach to him, he'd have to get up to get to me. "And you have to go be captain, Captain." "Please..." He had that look, with those piercing blue eyes, that he knew could make me do anything for him. Pair that with the fact that the sheet barely covered his ass. His delectable, bubble – I closed my eyes for a second and stared him down with my business-glare. "You're usually up before me, what's with the lingering this morning?" Jim tilted his head. "I just... Want to cuddle." "And I want to make the bed." "You always do. Why?" "It's regulation. And how would it look if there was an inspection and the Captain's bed was a complete mess? "There are never room inspections on a ship. Only the Starfleet campus. You know that." "Yeah." I sighed. "Our shifts are about to start though." Jim dropped his head and squashed his face into the mattress in defeat. He said something, that I think was supposed to be I know. I felt for the guy, I wanted nothing more than to crawl back in bed and cuddle and snuggle and kiss and waste away the day with him. "Okay, I'll tell you the truth, if it means you'll get up and let me make the bed after." His head popped up with interest. "I promise." I nodded and walked over and knelt down in front of the bed. Then I leaned my elbows on the mattress and grabbed his hands. "I make the bed because it's regulation." Jim groaned, but I spoke over him. "AND – And because... Oh, it's stupid." Feeling silly, I untangled our hands and let my head fall down, resting my forehead on my hands on the mattress. "Hey, it's not silly." Jim crawled closer and laid a hand on my cheek. "Tell me. It's the only way I'll get out of bed." I couldn't help but smile and I raised my head. "I – I like it when I come back after a shift and see the crumpled sheets because you've been here for a break or a nap or to... It just... reminds me that you're... here." I felt a blush burn my face. Even if the Khan-incident was ages ago now, and Jim and I had just become friends back then, it sometimes haunted my dreams. "Oh, sweetheart." He crawled close enough to kiss me, pressing his lips to mine, the hand on my cheek moving to bury itself in my hair. All too soon, just as I was about to lose my resolve and crawl up there with him, he pulled back. "I'll let you make the bed. And I'll be sure to crumple it extra if I'm back before you." "Thank you." He rolled around and slid out of bed, heading to the bathroom in all his naked glory. I took the opportunity to ogle him, before the door hid him from view, then stood up to make the bed.
Who has the weird taste in music? It was a busy day in engineering. We had some Coridanite representatives onboard, transporting them from their planet to a space station where they were going to hold a conference on advanced warp theory, seeing as Coridanites were slightly more advanced than most Federation members, Earth in particular. Even so, they were very interested in how the Enterprise worked. Jim had been sceptical at first – he didn't want to reveal secrets about his ship, but Admiral Ainsworth insisted. So, Jim had been wandering around the ship with them for a couple of days, playing the gracious host. They'd been down in engineering a few times and they asked all sorts of questions and – in my opinion – really disrupted the workday. I knew they'd be down again today, and I was going to open up one of our sensor probes and see if I couldn't increase the range of it for the mission we were going on after we dropped off the Coridanites. I needed to concentrate and knew it would be hard with them walking around. So that morning, I dug out a pair of old headphones from deep in my closet, loaded them with one of my favourite Klingon operas and went off to work. It was much easier to work like this, being surrounded by the grand symphonies and the dramatic singing, not hearing anything of what was going on around me. I did get some weird looks from a few of the other officers, but I ignored it. They're just jealous, I thought to myself. I was losing myself in my work, the insides of the sensor probe laid out around me on the floor and the desk, a few tools within reach. I was connecting my PADD to the sensor's computer to run some simulations when there was a tap on my shoulder. I started and nearly dropped the PADD, probably made a noise too, but I couldn't be sure, as the Klingon singer in my ears was reaching the height of the song. Spinning around, I saw Jim standing there with an amused look on his face, the Coridanites behind him looking puzzled. I promptly removed the headphones and stood up. "Captain Kirk. Officers." I nodded in greeting. "Is there something I can do for you?" "At ease, Lieutenant. Our visitors were just curious about the noise coming from this corner." He nodded towards the headphones on the desk. "Oh, my apologies." I looked towards the Coridanites and spoke to them. "I'm working on something that requires my complete focus, and listening to my favourite music helps." "It's Klingon opera," Jim explained with a slight shake of his head. "Yes, I recognized the screaming," one of the Coridanite officers said. "How can you work in that noise?" "Is it very audible to the rest of the room?" I was suddenly afraid I had bothered my fellow officers all day. "We don't mind," Commander Kyle shot in as he walked past, balancing what looked like ten PADDs in his arms. I smiled at him in thanks. "We should move on. Commander Scott promised to show us the warp core," Jim said, pointing towards Scotty, waiting by the door. As the Coridanites headed towards the Chief Engineer, Jim lingered. "I know they have some questions about the warp drive that I think you will be able to answer better than most, would you join us for lunch later?" "Sure." I reached for my headphones, ready to get back to work. "Also," he leaned in closer to whisper in my ear, "You're insane, but I love it." He kissed my cheek quickly, winked and was off.
Who is more protective? "Any word from the away team?" I asked, coming into the transporter room, joining Spock as he was typing away on his PADD. "They are not scheduled to return for another 7 minutes," he said matter of factly, not even looking up from his PADD. "It turned out to definitely be a class M planet?" "Yes, Lieutenant." Okay, I thought. No more small talk. I usually didn't welcome away teams home, not even the ones Jim was leading, but my shift was over, and I had nothing better to do. So, I stood there with Spock and the transporter chief, just resisting tapping my foot against the floor. "Kirk to Enterprise. We have encountered Klingons." Jim's voice was a loud whisper on the comm by the transporter. "They are heavily armed." Spock immediately strode over and pressed a button. "This is the Enterprise. Are you near the beam out spot?" "Negative. Lieutenant Tanager's team is separated from the rest of us. We request immediate beam out of entire away team if you can get a lock." "We're isolating your signals now," the transporter chief said. "We know you're there, Kirk!" A crude voice sounded over the comm. "Got your precious officers here." There was some scuffle and I imagined Jim coming out from wherever he was hiding to see what was going on. "Tanager," Jim said breathlessly. "Let them go, Klingon." "This planet is ours, Captain." He made a spitting sound. "And Federation scum invading our planet is an invitation to war." "The invitation to war is you claiming land on the wrong side of the neutral zone. Let them go and warp out of here as fast as you can. Or we could send you back in pieces as a message to the next Klingon hot-shots who dare to enter Federation space. Your choice." "I can't get a decent lock on Tanager and her team," the transporter chief said. "They're too close to the Klingons." I turned to Spock. "Can we send down reinforcements?" He looked at me and seemed to do some quick thinking. "How many Klingons are there?" The chief hit a few buttons. "I can see 25 of them near the team. And I'm getting more Klingon signatures further up in the hills." "Commander Spock to security. We need a team of 20 security officers in transporter room 2 imme-" A Klingon voice interrupted Spock. "We'll take you, Captain Kirk. You go back to Qo'noS with us... somewhat alive. And your team can go." "Deal." Jim was too quick to agree and I let out a string of curses that had the men in the room staring at me. "Do you still need 20 officers, Commander?" The Chief of Security asked. "Yes, immediately. We have encountered Klingons on the surface and it seems our Captain is about to be abducted." There was the sound of more scuffling on the comm, and I guessed the switch was being made. Sure enough – "Six to beam up," one of the officers said and the transporter chief didn't hesitate. In seconds they were there, and I walked over. "What happened to Captain Kirk?" "One of them grabbed him and they were heading towards the hills," Lieutenant Tanager explained. "There's a cave of sorts there, they're probably going to hide in there." "Correct assumption, Lieutenant," Spock said. He was studying the sensors and the topography map of the planet. "There is no Klingon ship in orbit or anywhere in the vicinity, but there is a fading Klingon warp signature from two days ago. There appear to be no shuttlepods on the planet either. They will be in hiding until their ship comes back. And –" He pointed to the screen. "Captain Kirk is moving fast in direction of the cave." It was my turn to do some quick thinking, I was biting my nail as I did, running over a couple of scenarios in my head and wondering if it was worth the risk. I decided it was. "Get Chekov in here, NOW!" I was lost in thought as the others called Pavel. Ideally, I'd have an hour or two with a computer to run simulations, but there was no time. Something about those Klingons told me they were up to something, and kidnapping Jim had been their plan all along. And they didn't seem too intent on keeping him whole. "I'm here." Suddenly Pavel was standing in front of me, heaving for his breath. I shook my head. Act, not think. "Can you get a transporter lock on the captain and the Klingon that's with him? Both of them? As they're moving?" "Yes, I can." "Do it. But once you grab them, keep them in the buffer." He nodded and bounded over to the console. "Lieutenant," Spock interjected as I followed Pavel. "They will disintegrate in the buffer." "I only need 3 seconds, Commander. I am going to try something I've been tinkering with. If it doesn't work, arm yourself. We will have an intruder on board." Spock stared at me. Then he nodded. And then right on time, the security team came through the door. Spock gave them new orders and ushered the confused away team off the transporter pads. "I've got them," Pavel announced. "Starting transport." I nodded with eyes glued to the panel. As soon as I saw there was something in the buffer, I hit a few buttons, mind working a billion lightyears a second. Different DNAs, separate each molecule, don't lose the order of them, don't lose the order of them, don't lose – "YES!" On one of the transporter pad's white lights danced around and formed my Jim, seemingly whole, and alone, but looking very confused. "The Klingon is back on the surface!" The transporter chief exclaimed. "How did you..." "Captain, med bay, now," Spock ordered. I ran over to Jim and guided him out of the room before he could make up an excuse not to see a doctor. "I'm getting pretty fed up with you being all too quick to sacrifice yourself before exploring other options," I told him. "What just happened?" He asked. He looked thoroughly confused. "I'll explain later. Just got to make sure you're whole first. And then Bones is going to kill me."
Who sings in the shower? I felt slightly nervous as I approached Jim's quarters. He had told me at breakfast that day that he had given me automatic access to his quarters and that we should have dinner together in there later. Now I just had to scan my hand or type in the same code as I used for all the other areas I had access to across the ship. Knowing Jim, that was a huge sign of trust and a huge step forward in our relationship, it was even bigger than saying 'I love you' to each other. As far as I knew, not even his best friends had that kind of access, though I had it on good authority that Bones sometimes used his CMO override to get in there. Stopping outside the door, I took a deep breath and reached out to lay my hand on the scanner, but stopped right before it touched the surface. Then I shook my head. If it wasn't true, nothing would happen, Jim wouldn't know someone had tried to gain access to his rooms unless he specifically searched the logs, but why would he do that. So, I pressed my hand to it. The usual sound of the door unlocking could be heard and then it slid to the side. I blinked and my heart rate sped up. I managed to step inside before the door could close again. The room was the same as before, Jim's uniform scattered in a path towards the bathroom, empty coffee cups next to the replicator, a few PADDs lying around. I don't know why I had expected it to be different. But then I heard something I had never heard before. A male voice was singing acapella. I looked around but it didn't look like Jim had put any music on. But as I walked further into the room, I realised the voice was Jim's and it was coming from the bathroom. I stepped carefully closer, listening intently. He was good. Really good. His voice could melt me on any given day, but his singing was even better. I could listen to this all day. I opened the bathroom door and stepped inside. He was in the sonic shower, voice echoing around the room in soothing notes. I didn't recognize the song, but it sounded like some of the old music he liked. Jim didn't notice me standing there, leaning against the door, arms crossed over my chest until he switched the shower off and turned around. "Hi, how long have you been standing there?" A blush crept down from his face to his chest. "Long enough to know you have a career to fall back on should this Captain-lark not work out. You're really good." He grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist, stepping closer to me. "You have heart-eyes." "As I said, you're good." He walked even closer and I pushed myself off from the wall. He grabbed my waist and pulled me close, planting his lips to mine for a moment. Then he looked straight into my eyes. "If you tell anyone, I will have to kill you." "Deal." I slid my hands across his shoulders and buried my fingers in his post-shower mess of a hair. "But I'm going to need you to sing to me now." He seemed to consider but was quick to call it a deal. "I see you came in without problems?" I hummed and leaned my forehead against his. "Going to sneak in on you singing in the shower all the time now." "When are you giving me automatic access to your quarters?" I kissed him quickly. "Thought my quarters were too small for you. I'm just a lowly lieutenant after all. Besides, you've had access to my quarters for some time now, Captain. I thought you had already figured that out, and that you just like using the doorbell." He leaned his head back and looked at me. "You are a devious little thing." "And you love it." "That I do." Then he leaned in and finally gave me a proper kiss.
