Hi! This story (as mentioned in the description) is a sequel to 'After Darkness Comes The Dawn'. You'll need to read that first, or this will make pretty much no sense to you! I don't own Star Trek or any of the actual Trek characters, but I do however own Seren, Christopher, Leo, Emily, David and a few others that we haven't met yet ;) Let's see how this goes shall we... Chapter One Christopher George Kirk rolled over onto his stomach, face nuzzling into the soft pillow. He was tired. It had been a long few days with moving into their new apartment and of course celebrating the big move. He planned on going straight back to sleep, allowing his aching body a bit more time to recover. "Chris? Jim wants to talk to you," his twin's voice interrupted his slumber and he groaned, reaching one arm out of the nest of blankets to accept the communicator. Leo fumbled as he searched for his hand, but eventually handed over the device. "Wassamatter?" he slurred sleepily. "Morning sunshine," his father greeted cheerfully and Chris groaned loudly, burying his face into the pillows. "I was just wondering why every time I look out of my office window I'm met with your pert little ass? You said modelling Christopher; you never said anything about butt modelling." Christopher sighed. "Because I got paid a lot of money for that underwear campaign. Like more than you earn in a month, for three hours work and my ass on a couple hundred big screens. Sounds like a good deal to me, and if that upsets you then you should see the other picture," he mumbled. "Just because you've got it, doesn't mean it needs to be flaunted outside my office window. Spock is going to flip a table when he see's it," Jim warned and Chris snorted. "I'd love to see that. Maybe something I do will finally get some kind of reaction out of him. Is this all you wanted to talk about? Because I'm trying to sleep here," he whined and Jim chuckled. "Meet me later for dinner? Both of you?" "Can't. I have a hot date." Jim sighed loudly. "Well fine, I'll just take Leo out for dinner." "That's fine. I'd rather get laid," he shrugged and Jim snorted. "You're too much like me for your own good," he said, ending the communication. Chris groaned again and snapped the communicator shut, throwing it carelessly aside and listening to it clatter across the floor. "You in trouble or something?" asked his twin and he peeked his eyes open. Leo was still standing by the bed and had been for the whole conversation. "Yeah, he's worried about how bad Spock will be offended when he see's my ass up on that big screen by HQ," he said, causing Leo to smirk. "I still don't believe that it's even true. I think we're both ugly as trolls and this entire 'I'm a male model' thing is some ploy to boost my confidence." "Yeah well you keep thinking that if you want, but the evidence is all there that we are two damn good looking cross-breeds," he said as he threw the blankets off and swung his legs around to get out of bed. "One day maybe I'll find out," Leo said and Chris placed a hand on his shoulder. "Sure you will, and on that day you'll just want to stare at yourself in the mirror all day and touch yourself inappropriately because you're just so damn sexy, little brother!" he grinned, clapping his brother on the back before leaving the room to raid the fridge. Leo followed him, and Chris flinched as his twin bumped his shoulder into the doorway. He wasn't quite used to their new apartment yet, but they had only been there three days so he had plenty of time to learn the place. "Hey don't get bruises or Jim'll accuse me of beating you!" he warned as he flung the fridge open. "I wouldn't dream of it," Leo said. Chris looked at his twin and smiled. They were both incredibly fortunate in the looks department, but Leo definitely edged him slightly. There was just something about him that made him ever so slightly better looking, and Chris wondered if it was the complete innocence in his deep brown eyes. Having never seen the world, he'd never been corrupted by it. "So when I meet Jim for dinner later I might go home with him and sleep at the house. You were kinda loud yesterday with that girl and… I… yeah… it made me uncomfortable," he admitted as he fumbled in the cupboard for a box of cereal. "Sorry… not my fault if they're screamers," Chris shrugged and Leo screwed up his face. "But it's your fault that you're a screamer," he pointed out and Chris laughed. "You should have felt what she was doing to me and see if you could have kept quiet." "This is hardly a conversation to be had whilst eating, Christopher," said his brother in a mock-posh accent. "That's right. Hey I'm going out soon for a casting, you'll be OK here by yourself?" he asked and Leo sighed loudly. "I'm blind, not retarded. I can take care of myself, you should know that by now," he said indignantly. "Well yeah I know, but I feel bad leaving you. We've not been living here long and I know you still can't find everything all the time." Chris had done his best to put everything away as quickly as possible so that there would be less risk of his twin tripping over or bumping into anything. He'd done a good job, and so far Leo had only ended up falling over once and that was his own fault for leaving his own shoes in the middle of the room. "Chris I'm fine, I swear. You should go. Go get your cute little butt on some more posters," he said and Chris smirked. "You should come with me. I bet they'd pay big money for twins-" "No. Not doing it," Leo said, cutting him off stubbornly. "OK that's fine. At least let me bring over some friends to introduce you to?" he offered and Leo ran a hand through his hair. "Now the last time you said that, I found out the girl I had been talking to all night was a hooker who you'd paid to have sex with me… so how can I trust you?" he asked and Chris laughed out loud. "You can't trust me. And would you just hurry up and lose it already? Jesus. You're twenty years old and a virgin. I swear your balls are going to explode or something," he muttered and it was Leo's turn to laugh. "No. There's no way I'm going to do it with someone when it doesn't mean anything… I want it to be… right," he said and Chris snorted into his cereal. "You mean you only want to have sex with a woman you love?" "Yeah I guess." "A woman like Emily McCoy?" Chris teased and Leo blushed vivid green right up to the tips of his ears. "Be respectful. Bones would kill me… you remember when we had the birds and bees talk? I think his exact words were 'and if either of you stick anythin' in my little girl I'll cut it clean off and give it back to you in a jar'," said Leo in a perfect impression of Leonard McCoy's voice. Christopher laughed. "True. And I like that particular appendage being attached to my body." "I hear rumours she's going to be back in town though, soon. Haven't been around her since we were what… thirteen?" Leo asked and Chris agreed through a mouthful of cereal. "Yeah. I bet by now she's got a great pair of-" "Chris! Shut up," Leo whined and his twin laughed at him. "Although… could you… y'know, tell me how big they are?" Leo asked hesitantly and Chris grinned. Maybe they weren't so different after all. "Not unless you have practice sex with someone else before you make a fool of yourself in front of her. You're way too much of a child you know," Chris said and Leo shook his head. "Yeah well… at least I'm not a filthy little man-slut that fucks anything with a pulse," he mumbled and Chris gasped, throwing a spoonful of cereal across the table and spraying milk all over his twin's face. "Did… did you just throw food at me?" he asked. "Oh that's it. It's on!" James T. Kirk almost choked on his coffee as he rounded the corner onto Eighth Avenue. He was met with an enormous illuminated screen on the side of one of the buildings, and his son sprawled across it. Christopher was posing suggestively, draped across a brown leather couch in only a pair of obscenely tight white boxer briefs, legs spread wide and a look on his face that said 'come and get it, ladies'. The bulge he was displaying had Jim feeling all of a sudden very inadequate in that department, and the way every muscle in his young body was clearly toned and defined made Jim feel his age just that little bit more. "God damn… little slut," Jim muttered as he walked quicker, head down now as he did his best to get away from the image of his once innocent little boy in almost all his glory. He knew when Christopher had been spotted by a talent scout that it was only a matter of time before he landed a big contract. The twins were aesthetically perfect, almost so much that it was painful. They'd taken the best from both their parents, with Spock's dark eyes and piercing stare, pointed ears and strong jawline, and Jim's blonde hair, tanned skin and facial structure, they were never going to be unattractive. His communicator bleeped in his pocket and he pulled it out. "Hey Jim, I need a favour," Bones' voice rang out. "Sure, what is it?" "Could you get that picture of Chris taken off that billboard? It's just I've got such a raging mega-hard boner from looking at him that I can't focus on working," he teased and Jim sighed and rolled his eyes. "I'm going to start calling you 'Boneser' you know," Jim said and Bones gasped. "You wouldn't dare!" "I would if you keep saying such obscene things about my little boy, stop it Bones! It's weird enough for me to see it all over the place without you being a pervert." "Little boy? Little?! Jim have you seen the size of-" "Yes! Bones! I've seen it. I've seen it all over town. I'm mortified and humiliated and so angry I could punch him right in the pointy ear, but he's an adult now, and if he wants to whip his cock out for a little bit of money then there's nothing I can do stop him, especially now that they've moved out. What do you want anyway?" Jim asked as he sped up, walking back towards Starfleet HQ. "I don't really want anythin', just to bother you while I'm on break. Oh. And Emily is comin' home, for good this time too, we're throwing her a little 'welcome back' party next Friday. Think you can round up the three musketeers and bring them along?" Bones asked. "If I can convince Seren to ever come home from Chicago then maybe. You maybe want to get a drink later?" Jim replied. "Well, give it a try. That sounds good. Normal place, normal time," Bones said as he cut off the communication. Jim stuffed the device back in his pocket and hurried into the building, doing his best to ignore the large billboard right outside with Christopher's picture looming over him. "Are you alright? You seem kind of quiet," Jim asked as he watched Leo carefully eating his food. "Hm? Oh no, I'm fine," he said quickly and Jim set down his own knife and fork, staring hard at his youngest son. "Stop looking at me like that," protested Leo after a few moments and Jim smiled. "Sorry. Are you sure though? I mean you've barely touched your food either." Leo sat back slightly in his chair. "I haven't been feeling too well today, just a little bit of a headache is all. I think it's from not being able to meditate too much lately… my mind is getting all… clogged," he said and Jim nodded. "Yeah. Spock get's like that too sometimes. Is it Chris behaving like an asshole that keeps disturbing you?" he pressed and Leo sighed. "The other night he brought home this girl…. And I don't even want to know what they were doing to each other, but it was so loud I couldn't ignore it and I couldn't sleep. I'm wondering if moving in with him was the best idea. I mean, he doesn't need me there to help pay bills, he's got all of that covered… I'm just the talking point to get him introduced to the women, and then he leaves me at the bar to find my own way home," he said and Jim scowled. "He shouldn't be doing that. Using you to pick up girls? That's wrong. And leaving you in unfamiliar places by yourself too?" "Relax. It's nowhere completely unfamiliar, plus I've got ways of finding my way places," he smiled and Jim raised an eyebrow. "Oh yeah? Like how?" "Well, the one I've been using a lot lately is to wander into the ladies bathroom. Sounds crazy right? But then a girl will spot me and normally start yelling or something, at which point I tell her I'm completely blind and have no idea this was the ladies bathroom. So then their tone will change from 'you asshole pervert' to 'oh you poor, poor man'… they lead me back out, I ask them for the address of wherever we are. Bingo, I can find my way home." Jim grinned at the ingenuity of the plan. Leo knew San-Francisco by heart. How many paces were in each block, where there were steps and kerbs and dreaded trees in the middle of the pavement. Once he knew where he was, he could find his way to any other point within the downtown area. The Vulcan part of his brain never failed him, and his ability to memorise and problem-solve was like nothing Jim had ever seen before. "Very clever. I like it," Jim smiled and Leo shrugged, picking up his glass of water and taking a sip. "So how's the life of the Commodore? Still just as fun as ever sitting at your desk lining all your pens up perfectly straight?" Leo asked and Jim chuckled. "Yeah something like that. I hope Spock is having fun with my ship out there though…" he sighed. "When is the great Captain home next?" "Soon, I hope. He's damn well been gone long enough." Leo could sense the hostility in Jim's tone. "Are you guys fighting?" he asked and Jim made an indecisive noise. "Not exactly. I think not speaking would be a better way of putting it," he said and Leo pressed further. "Why? What happened?" he asked and Jim paused before giving his answer. "He wants me to force you and Chris to go to the academy… and I don't want to do that. I mean you're one year off your own degree, and Chris is… off having fun and catching STD's or whatever the hell else he's doing. I don't think you guys have ever wanted it, therefore, I'm not going to push you. I mean… he never tried to push Seren into the academy, and I think the three of you should be treated equally," Jim explained. Leo finally set down his knife and fork, deciding that his headache had ruined his appetite so completely that he didn't want anything else to eat. "She didn't need to be pushed into the academy, she was at medical school at the age of fifteen," Leo pointed out and Jim nodded. "True. But you're going to get your Engineering degree next year, and then if you want to join Starfleet, well, that's up to you," Jim said and Leo sighed. He did want to. He wanted nothing more than to join and go off into space on great adventures as his fathers had done before him. It was just that being able to see would be a requirement of that, and a requirement he couldn't fulfil. "So you guys aren't talking because of that?" Leo asked and Jim sighed. "Can we not talk about it?" he asked quietly and Leo nodded. "Yeah. Sorry, I didn't mean to-" "No, really, it's fine. I just don't believe in parents putting their kids in the middle of their fights. Anyway. Shall we head out? I'll give you a ride home," Jim offered and Leo nodded, ignoring the way his headache was now trickling down his spine. "Are you sure you don't want me to come in with you?" Jim offered as Leo fumbled with the door handle to get out of the car. "Yeah. I'm fine, honestly, I just need to sleep," he said stubbornly, doing his best to force his hands to stop trembling and to ignore the pounding in his skull. He stepped out of the car and ended up flat on his back as his sense of balance failed him completely. Within seconds Jim was out the car, had grabbed his hand with both of his own and was hauling him up to his feet. "Come on, I'll make sure you get to bed OK," Jim said firmly and Leo knew not to argue. He couldn't help but notice as Jim led him up the stairs into the apartment building, still gripping his hand. He wished he hadn't noticed. Jim's left hand that was on his was completely naked. His ring was missing. "Dad is everything alright?" he asked as they stepped into the lift, Leo grabbing for the bar he knew ran at round waist height to support himself on his wobbly legs. "Right now I'm more concerned about you," Jim said as they ascended the building. Leo didn't say anything further. He allowed Jim to lead him into the bedroom and untie his shoes for him so he could kick them off, but then insisted he was fine and sent him on his way. Relaxing back into the soft mattress he focused on the exact source of the pain in his head. It was near the back, and relatively low down, sending the occasional jolt of pain down his spine if he moved incorrectly. He closed his eyes tightly and did his best to slow his breathing and attempt to sleep. "You get smaller every time I see you," said Bones as Jim approached. "Well, what can I say," he shrugged, sinking into the bar stool beside his friend. "I'm serious Jim. Your uniform is like a tent on you, it's not a good look." "Shut up! Alright! First Leo and now you… just… stop grilling me," Jim exclaimed and Bones looked taken-aback by the outburst. "Alright then Mr. Pissy! Jeez... What's up anyway?" he asked and Jim sighed deeply, resting his elbows on the bar and letting his head fall into his hands. "We're having a… trial separation," Jim said quietly and Bones took a sharp breath. "Didn't realise you were quite at that point," Bones said bluntly and Jim nodded. He gratefully accepted the drink Bones slid across to him, taking a large sip of it. "Neither did I. He suggested it," Jim said glumly. Bones shifted in his seat, subconsciously twisting the gold band on his own finger. "When does he get back?" "A couple of weeks. I guess we're going to talk about it all then… I just… for him to be the one breaking up with me, that's what really takes the cake, you know?" Jim took an aggressively large swig of his drink, almost draining it in one go. "I gave up… everything to stay at home, to be there for them, and that's fine… I mean, I expected to. But him? He's missed more of them growing up than he's been here for. It was almost like nothing changed for him. Then he got promoted too and that was that… he's off out in space for months and months at a time, forgetting that people at home might actually… need him," Jim finished weakly and Bones signalled the bartender to place two more drinks in front of them. "Does he know you feel like that?" Bones asked and Jim laughed loudly, but there was no happiness in it. It was the cold, sarcastic laugh of a man who was well on his way to becoming completely bitter and cynical. "Knows? Yeah. He knows. Cares? Now that's a whole other question." They fell into silence, Jim just draining glass after glass until Bones cut him off at eight. "What about your mental… link thing? Won't that always be there?" Jim shrugged. "It's kind of like the ones we have with the kids. It still exists but hasn't been used in such a long time it's gone… dormant. The ones with the kids haven't been active since they were old enough to care for themselves, and Spock and I have ignored ours for the better part of the time he's been away." Bones stared down at the bar. He knew Spock had been gone just over a year this time, and it was taking a serious toll on Jim. "He missed Seren's graduation… he missed our fifteenth anniversary, after missing our tenth too. He wasn't even there to support me when... when..." Jim was unable to say it, and Bones understood. A little under six months after they had returned from the five year mission and Jim and Spock had got married Jim had found out he was expecting again. They had agreed it would be their last child. One last baby that Jim had so desperately wanted, but it wasn't to be. At eight weeks Seren had found Jim passed out on the kitchen floor at home, Spock off world on New Vulcan. She'd been the one who'd called him in the middle of the night, panic in her voice, the most emotional Leonard had ever known her. Jim had miscarried, and with no way for his body to eject the embryo, it had started to poison him, septicaemia spreading rapidly through his body. The damage was severe, and to save Jim's life Bones hadn't had a choice but to remove the entire reproductive system. He always felt like Jim had never fully got over it, and never fully forgiven Spock for not being there to help him through it. "He just… he doesn't care, and I'm done being hurt by it," Jim said firmly. "I know you all too well Jimmy, as soon as he gets home you'll throw yourself at him an' everythin'll be fine. You've been talkin' like this before and you always change your mind. You're just makin' it into a bigger thing than it really is… I mean, sure, he's been gone for a lot of time-" "Bones in the twenty-one years we've been together he's been around for nine years, four months and twelve days. Five years of that was the mission. So… he's been away the majority of our relationship. I just… I'm sick of waking up in an empty bed when I'm no longer even convinced that the person supposed to be sleeping there even loves me anymore," Jim said, finally meeting Bones' eye. His blue eyes were just as bright as they always had been. Unnatural almost. Age had been kinder to him than it had to the Doctor, and the lines on his face were shallow, still not a single grey hair in his head of caramel strands. Bones theorised it had something to do with Khan's blood and the vastly longer life-expectancy of the Augments, but he had never done any research to prove it. Jim's face did reveal something though. Pain. Hurt. Misery. It hadn't been the life he'd wanted when he'd said his vows that day up on the ship. He thought Spock would be there for him, as he'd promised that he would, and he'd been let down. Finding a way to cope he'd thrown himself into caring for the kids and working, rising quickly to the rank of Commodore and staying there so he could keep his desk job, the kids becoming his main focus. Now the twins had moved out and Jim was all alone, Bones felt a strong surge of sympathy for the man who had put his faith in someone who had done nothing but stamp all over his emotions for the past fifteen years. "Jim… do you want to come over? I'm not working until tomorrow afternoon, we could get out a bottle of-" "Thanks… but I should probably go home," Jim said, interrupting him before he could finish his invitation. "Sure. Who's more drunk? I only had five to your eight." Bones asked as they stood up. Jim wobbled a little and the Doctor grabbed his upper arm. "Take it I'm driving," he said and Jim smirked. "You know how it is Bones, five and drive! Just like the academy days," he said, clapping his friend on the shoulder as they left the bar together. A short drive later (and a careful one at that) Leonard McCoy pulled up outside the familiar house and Jim looked up at him from where he had spent the last fifteen minutes examining his own fingernails in great detail, trying to avoid conversation. "Do I have to throw you out?" he asked and Jim smiled weakly, looking up at the house all in darkness, not a single light on. "No, I'm going. Thanks Bones, I needed this today. Say hi to Carol for me." Jim closed the hover-car door with a dull thud and walked up the path to the front door, his feet crunching on the grey gravel. He gave his friend a small wave as he pressed his palm to the reader and the door unlocked to allow him in. Sighing, he stepped into the house, not even bothering to turn on any lights as he kicked off his shoes by the front door. They were the only pair sitting there. There were no small purple sandals that Seren had worn until they fell apart as a little girl. There were no Converse classic basketball sneakers favoured by Leo his whole life as the thin soles allowed him to feel the ground better as he walked. There were no eccentrically coloured shoes in whatever the current fashion was, belonging to Christopher. And to top it all off, Spock's black boots were thousands of light years away. "Asshole," Jim muttered under his breath as he stomped upstairs to his bedroom. He peeled off his clothes before padding down the hall in only his boxers to brush his teeth. On the return trip to the bedroom he caught a glimpse of himself in the mirror in the hallway, scowling at the man he saw staring back at him in the half-light. He crawled into bed, finding himself once again sleeping on Spock's side and cuddling a spare pillow. He lay still and alone with his eyes open and staring unseeingly at the wall, listening to the silence of the house and longing for the days when it had been full of life. Reviews appreciated :) Oh. And just bare with me with the Jim and Spock stuff. I wanted it to be realistic, real marriages face troubles and tests and hard times, and I didn't want them to be exempt from that.
Well hello again, back for more I see! This is un-beta'ed (I'm in the process of sorting that out) so all mistakes are my own. Enjoy! Chapter two Jim let out a strangled yelp as he was woken abruptly by someone diving on him. Someone tall, slender and heavy. "Get up!" "Get off me!" "No! Get up!" "Oh my god you weigh a ton!" Jim grimaced as he heaved with all his might and sent Christopher tumbling onto the floor. He blinked sleepily and sat up, met with the sight of both twins standing in his bedroom, Christopher straightening his clothes from where he had been pushed off the bed. "What are you doing here?" Jim asked and they both smirked identical smirks. Dangerous smirks. "We think you could use a little cheering up, old man," Chris said with a wicked grin as Leo snatched up Jim's communicator from the bedside table where he knew he always kept it. "Leo-"Jim began in a warning tone but Chris grabbed him firmly and held his hand over his mouth. "Hello Admiral Bennett? Yes this is Kirk here. I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to make it in today, I'm feeling terribly unwell," Leo said in a perfect impersonation of Jim's voice, adding a slight hint of weakness to it to make him sound convincingly sick. Jim's eyes widened and he struggled feebly against his sons grip. Leo had always been incredibly good at doing impressions. His hearing was off the charts sensitive, and Jim felt it has something to do with it, he could pick things up in voices, subtle things that he could replicate through practice. His own voice and Spock's voice were his standard two, but he did a mean Leonard McCoy and his Scotty was always good for a laugh. "Kirk? Hmm. Well. OK, but make sure you get straight over to medical and report back later," said the Admiral, he sounded slightly suspicious. "Thank you Sir, I'll be sure to do that right away. Kirk out," said Leo, snapping the communicator shut. Leo laughed triumphantly and punched the air, Chris releasing his death-grip on Jim. "You… this isn't… what the hell are you two playing at?!" Jim demanded. "Excellent job on the voice there!" Chris said, giving Leo a hearty pat on the back. "Why thank you, thank you," he said, taking a theatrical bow. Jim shook his head and groaned loudly, flopping back down onto the pillows. "Get up! We're going on a field trip! We've decided you need to be pulled out from being stuck up your own ass sulking and taken out for a full day of fun," Leo said enthusiastically. "What time is it?" Jim asked without opening his eyes. "Too late already, now get in the shower before we throw you in there!" Chris demanded, dragging Jim's warm duvet off the bed and throwing it on the floor, leaving him laying in the middle of the bed with no blanket to hide under. "God damn it! You two are in so much trouble!" Jim hissed as he threw himself off the mattress and stormed down the hallway to take a shower. Ten minutes later once he was showered and dressed in casual clothes Jim noticed Leo fiddling with a small handheld device. "What you got there?" he asked and Leo tucked it behind his back. "Never you mind," he said, sticking his tongue out. "Headache better?" "Much. I told you I just needed sleep," he said and Jim shrugged his agreement. "Whoa, what the hell is- are you doing this?" he demanded as tiny white sparkles began to swirl around the three men. Leo grinned as they dematerialised. "This is not fun for me!" Jim protested loudly as they rematerialised a few seconds later. "Sure it is, being kidnapped is fun for everyone," Chris grinned as they began to drag Jim along the street. Jim looked around to be met with a familiar skyline. Chicago. "What are we doing in Chicago?" he asked and the twins shook their heads. "Can't tell you." "Nope. Not saying. You'll have to wait and see," Leo said as they continued to walk. Jim knew vaguely where they were, but he wasn't overly familiar with the city. The most time he had ever spent there at once was a fortnight whilst Seren was in her first year of medical school. She was only fifteen years old, and moving into student dorms had been an intimidating experience for her. Jim had stayed with her and slept on her couch for a whole two weeks until she could finally sleep alone. Jim smiled as he noticed the familiar figure standing looking out over lake Michigan. Her back was turned but she was unmistakable even from behind, her long dark hair cascading down her back in soft waves. She glanced around and noticed them, then turned to face them, leaning casually back against the railings behind her. She had Jim's lopsided smile on her face and her blue eyes were shining. He felt a twang of hurt at how much she looked like Spock, but he forced it down. "I have missed you," she said as she hugged the three of them at once. "Can't say I've missed you," Chris said and Leo laughed. "Nope. We haven't missed you at all. Well. Maybe your cooking," he grinned. "You two are terrible," she said with a small chuckle, shoving them away. "Commodore," she smiled at Jim. "Doctor," he nodded and she laughed. "I still don't quite feel like it's real. It doesn't feel like all those years have finally led to something, although, the eighteen hour shifts certainly feel real," she said and Jim grimaced. "Bones used to do twelve hour ones when we were at the Academy, he'd get home so tired I'd have to help him change clothes," Jim said and Christopher pulled a face. "Didn't realise Bones used to be gay with you." "Oh shut up! It was nothing like that," Jim protested and the four of them stood together and laughed. "So. You've abducted me from my bed, you've committed an act of identity theft to convince my boss I was too sick to go to work, and you've brought me somewhere against my will. What are we doing here?" Jim demanded and Chris and Seren looked at each other, grinning. "Just, come with us," they said as they began to practically drag him down the street towards where Seren's sleek silver car was parked around the corner. "Oh my god, I swear if I go on this one more time I'm going to spew, but It's so much fun!" Chris bobbed up and down on the balls of his feet as they stood in line. They'd spent all day at the enormous amusement park located just outside of Chicago. Jim had been manhandled and coerced onto the first few rides, but was now bubbling with excitement for the next one. They'd certainly done a top class job of distracting him and he was really touched that they had gone to so much trouble all to try and cheer him up. "You're looking a little green," Jim pointed out and Chris shook his head. "No. No I'm fine," he said stubbornly. "I would suggest you do not ride again," Seren said and Leo laughed at his twin. "What's the matter big shot? Roller coaster got the better of you?" "Hey! Shut up! It's scarier when you can actually see what's coming up!" he said and Jim sucked in a breath. Any kind of joke or comment about Leo's blindness had always been off limits. Always. "I'm not scared of anything," Leo said, perfectly calm. His facial expression gave nothing away. He either wasn't hurt, or was very good at hiding it. An awkward silence descended as the four stood waiting patiently in line. "So… Leo when does your next term start?" Seren asked her brother who started talking animatedly about his studies and how much he was looking forward to getting back to them after summer break. Jim zoned out until he noticed Christopher staring at him. "You guys are going to work things out right?" he asked and Jim looked at the floor. "Yeah, sure we are," he said, trying to inject some positivity into his voice. "You don't sound entirely convinced." "I guess I won't know until we see each other," said Jim honestly. Chris nodded and dropped it, and the four moved forward until they reached the front of the line. "I've never seen you look so terrified in all my life!" "Shut up, I hate you all," Chris whined, putting his hands over his ears. "Fear is an illogical emotion Christopher," said Leo in an uncanny impersonation of Spock's voice. The twins continued bickering as Jim got to talk in depth with Seren about her job at the hospital. They were sitting in a small pizza place near the Chicago river, waiting for their food after their long day of keeping Jim distracted at the theme park. She was working primarily as a surgeon, but was also working on several research projects, though she kept the details a firmly guarded secret no matter how much Jim tried to worm some information out of her. "Hey this time next year I will have graduated!" Leo pointed out excitedly and Jim smiled. "You will. You'll be ready to steal Scotty's title as the finest engineer I know." "Pfft. He's an amateur, I'm already better than him," he said and Jim laughed. They sat and talked, laughing openly, sharing stories. They didn't get to do this often, especially with Seren and Jim's schedules both being so hectic. After practically force-feeding Jim more pizza than he could comfortably eat they settled into a contented quiet, just enjoying each others company until a shrill beeping rang out from Seren's bag. "I have to go," she said as she glanced at the pager. Jim nodded and stood up to hug her goodbye. "You can make it next Friday, right?" he asked and she froze. "I will try my best," she said sincerely. "That's all I'd ever ask," he said with a smile as he watched her leave after saying goodbye to her brothers. "Well boys, are we going home?" Jim asked and Leo yawned and stretched. "Better had or I'll be too tired to work the portable transporter," he said with a sly smile. "Where did you get that?" Jim asked as he placed it on the table. Jim picked it up, turning it over and over in his hands as he inspected it. "I built it. Just… y'know, over the summer. I was bored so I got to tinkering. It won't go off planet, and from San Fran to here is about it's maximum range, but it comes in handy in sticky situations," he said and Chris smirked knowingly. "I take it you two have been having adventures with this huh?" he said and they both smirked. He sighed and shook his head. "I never should have had kids. Passing on my wild streak into you two was irresponsible for the wellbeing of society," he said and both boys laughed. Jim's wild streak had been on the back burner for a long time now. Long gone were the days of drinking and fighting, and fucking anyone who'd stay still long enough. Spock had tamed that out of him, but he knew it was still in there beneath the surface, buried deep. As much as he wanted to hate Spock, he knew Bones had made a valid point the previous evening. Jim would often get like this when Spock was away for extended periods of time, but as soon as he'd come home he'd forgive him of all the nights he promised he'd call and didn't. Of all the times he hadn't been there. It was almost like it was all instantly forgotten the moment they locked eyes on each other. The last time Spock had been home Jim had been ready and waiting for him, standing in the living room as he heard the front door open and his footsteps in the hallway. Jim had rounded the corner, fists clenched, breathing heavy, ready to march right up to his husband and punch him square in the jaw and demand of him how the fuck dare he come home after how little he'd bothered to communicate in the time he'd been away. But he hadn't. He'd rounded the corner and their eyes had met, blue meeting brown actually in person for the first time in seven months. Before either of them could get a word out Jim had thrown himself forward, pinning Spock roughly to the wall, kissing him with savage intensity, hands clasping fistfuls of his black shirt. They hadn't even made it upstairs. They'd barely made it to the couch. Jim thanked every god in existence for the kids being at Carol and Bones' house that night. But this time was different. Jim could feel the change in himself. He felt… drained. He didn't even know if the raw heat that existed between himself and Spock would even be there when he got home this time. "Jim? Dad?" Jim snapped back to his senses, aware of a hand waving in front of his face. "Hmm? Sorry," he said quickly. "What were you thinking about?" Chris asked and Jim smiled. "Oh uh… just about when you were kids," he lied quickly. "Go on?" Leo pressed and Jim mentally cursed himself for now having to concoct a story. "Nothing really. Just about the time when Spock and I sat you down and explained after you started school and you noticed that most kids had Moms and Dads that I was actually the one that carried you and everything, and then you started getting weird about calling me 'Dad', and then from then onwards I was always Jim to you. One of the guys at work was asking me the other day, he heard you on the comm. when I was in my office. He thought it was disrespectful… but then I explained that to us it's always been well… normal. As normal as we could ever be anyway," he said. Both twins seemed to accept the explanation. "You should try being five years old trying to understand the difference between boys and girls and then being told that your 'dad', who is a 'boy' is also a 'girl' and actually was the one who gave birth to you," said Leo, shaking his head. "Yeah. You traumatised us," Chris interjected jokingly. "Me?! Traumatised you?! I took six months of your minds being joined to mine! And neither of you are exactly the most logical of part-Vulcans," Jim pointed out and both boys shrugged. "So, Jim." "Jimbo." "Jimethy." "Jimmeny-Jim-Bob." "Enough," Jim laughed. "Are we going home?" he asked and Leo nodded. Christopher insisted on paying for their food before they left, walking a little way before beaming themselves back to San Francisco. Jim went back to the boys apartment with them, Leo having fallen strangely quiet. "You tired again?" Jim asked and Leo nodded slightly, a curious expression on his face. "Yeah. And I mean I slept ten hours last night, and that can usually last me a week, but I feel like I need to do the same again," he said and Jim felt a niggle of concern for his son. "Do you want to go and see Bones tomorrow? Get checked out?" "No, I'm fine, really," he said and just as Jim was about to argue Chris started babbling excitedly about a message he'd just received from a modelling agency, saying they could get him a lot more work based on the success of his first major campaign. "This is awesome!" he grinned, flashing the message at Jim who read key parts of it out for Leo. "Uh… yeah, well done," Jim said, trying to sound enthusiastic. He had concerns about his son's career choice. Serious concerns. He was very bright, but he had completely rejected the Vulcan side of his mind at a young age. He could still use his telepathic abilities, but he had shunned logical thought and meditation in favour of fully embracing his inner Kirk. Leo had gone for a more middle ground, there were strong traits of Jim present, but he was quieter, more logical, more reserved and more careful with his thinking. "I'll be the best, I can do it," he said firmly and Jim nodded, giving him half a smile. "Yeah, You can. You've sure got the looks for it kiddo; and the ass too apparently." Leo settled onto the couch, laying down on his side and closing his eyes, holding himself with his arms wrapped around his chest, as if he was cold. Jim looked at him curiously. It was strange behaviour, something he might have expected of Chris, but not of his twin. Jim was about to cross the room to check on him when his communicator sounded from his jeans pocket. He removed it and glanced at the ID, taking a small breath and holding it for a few seconds before answering. "Hi Spock." "You want to talk about it?" Joanna asked her younger brother. "No," he grunted from the passenger seat of the car, surly expression firmly etched onto his face. She chuckled. "You know you'll pass it next time, I just know it," she assured and he sulked, sinking further into the seat and looking pointedly out of the window, away from her. Just like Dad, she thought to herself as they neared home. She slowed the hover-car to a stop and David was out first, bounding up the steps and through the door, discarding his red cadets jacket on the way into the room. Joanna followed, picking up the discarded item of clothing and carefully hanging it over a chair. "Dad? Carol? You home?" she called. She heard a muffled thud and a giggle from upstairs and sighed, rolling her eyes as she slipped off her heels and padded into the kitchen. It had been a long day at the office, and there was only one remedy for a long day as her Daddy had taught her a long time ago. She groped around under the kitchen sink, knowing where he kept it hidden from Carol. "Leonard McCoy you sly dog," she chuckled as she carefully extracted the bottle of Bourbon and poured herself a small amount into a glass before stowing the bottle carefully where she had found it. By the time her father appeared her glass had been emptied and re-filled with water which she sipped slowly as she sat at the kitchen table. "Hey Jo, didn't realise you were coming over tonight," he said, trying to play down the fact he was wearing sweatpants that looked like they'd been pulled on very hastily, and his shirt was inside out. "Yeah. I picked David up from campus, he didn't want to sleep there tonight… which I can understand," she said and her father nodded, running both hands through his hair as he sank into a chair on the other side of the table. David had failed his pilot's exam for the second time that afternoon, whilst all his classmates had passed. They were all moving into their third year, but he would be stuck, repeating the entire year again due to failing twice. "He's got the skills, he just don't have the confidence," he said and Joanna nodded. "Hi sweetheart, how are you?" asked Carol as she entered the room. Joanna smirked. Her hair was a hastily fixed mess and she was only wearing her bathrobe. Like a pair of teenagers, even after all these years. "Hey Carol. I'm pretty good, another day another dollar you know," she said and Carol smiled. "Have you heard anything back from your application to join the translation department at Starfleet yet?" she asked and Joanna shook her head. "No… but it's pretty slow. They get so many applications that it must take them forever to get through everyone. I'm fine doing what I'm doing for now," she said and her father gave her half a smile across the table. Joanna was working in a shitty job. An office in a grey cubicle, shared with two others, translating what were essentially gossip magazines ready for publishing across the galaxy. But it paid her bills and kept her busy, so she couldn't complain. She'd always been far too laid back to be worried about something as silly as diving immediately into her career at a young age, wanting to find herself a bit more first. "I'm going out," David's voice echoed from the hallway. "Where?" "Out." "David McCoy! Where?!" his father demanded and he stomped into the room. "Out. With Chris Kirk and a few others. I'll be back later," he said as he shrugged on his leather jacket. Leonard opened his mouth as if to say something, but then closed it again. "Be safe," he said. Carol stood silently watching the exchange. "I'm always safe," David scoffed, turning on his heel and leaving the house. "He's picking up a real attitude from that Kirk kid… I don't like it," Leonard huffed and Carol walked over, her hands resting on his shoulders, rubbing the knots out of them. "Maybe you should have a word with his father," she suggested and Bones snorted. "Jim can't control him. He knows he can't. The only person that kid has ever listened to is way out in space where he can't do anythin' about any of it. I swear it's only a matter of time before somethin' blows up, and I don't want David involved," he said firmly. Joanna understood. Christopher Kirk was building himself a reputation, and it seemed some of his behaviours were definitely rubbing off on her younger brother. He'd always looked up to the twins like older brothers, and they'd always protected him like a younger brother, but David and Chris were both as bad as each other when it came to being competitive. When the first images of Chris in his underwear had appeared, David had immediately joined the local gym and begun exercising relentlessly until he was as large as the Kirk twins. He'd cut his hair, he'd started to dress differently, to talk differently. "He'll come out of it. Remember when I was eighteen? I dyed my hair black and went through that stupid punk phase? He'll be fine. He'll see that Chris is an asshole in his own time," she said and Bones grunted his agreement. "You heard anything more from Em?" Joanna asked. "They've got their last show in Paris on Thursday and she'll be arriving home on Friday morning," Carol said with a small smile. Emily McCoy could give Christopher Kirk a run for his money in the 'who is more famous' stakes. She'd spent five years at music college in London, to leave at eighteen and join a pop-rock band that called themselves 'Warp Five'. They'd achieved a reasonable level of fame, enough to keep Emily away from home for two more years whilst they toured, but the bubble had burst and they were splitting. Emily was coming home to regroup whilst she decided what to do next. Joanna yawned widely and stretched. "I'd better go home, I'm pretty tired," she said, getting to her feet. After being seen out by her father and Carol, Joanna drove herself home to her apartment. It wasn't big or fancy, but it was perfect for just her and she was happy there. She fixed herself a quick dinner and changed out of her work clothing, settling onto the couch she pulled out a PADD and trawled through her messages, looking for the reply she'd never confess to desperately wanting.
A/N Hi there! Here's the next part, things are picking up a little bit of pace and I'm getting really into writing this :) I'm a bit more certain about the direction I'm going with this, so I'm feeling more confident. Again still not beta-ed so any mistakes are my own. It's getting a little angsty, and the scene is being set for bigger things in later chapters. Oh. And Spock is here. You're welcome! Enjoy :) Chapter Three "Hi," Jim said nervously as he stepped into the room. His heart was pounding so fiercely in his chest that he was worried Spock would be able to hear it. Spock stood and straightened his uniform, turning to look at him. His facial expression was neutral, but his eyes always gave him away. Today they looked like… remorse. "Was surprised to hear from you, and even more surprised that you're back so soon, I thought it would be a few more weeks at least," Jim said as he walked straight through the room and into the kitchen. Spock didn't reply and Jim didn't particularly want him to. He stood in front of the fridge and opened it, surveying the contents in detail. Do I want a glass of orange juice? I mean I'm kind of thirsty. Do I want water. Hmm. Decisions decisions. A strong pair of arms snaking around Jim's waist caused him to tense. Warm breath on his neck caused him to fight against the grip and take a large step away, slamming the fridge door closed in the process. "I'd appreciate if you didn't do that," he said firmly, trying his best not to glare at Spock who was looking at him with that same expression. For a few long moments they stared at each other. Jim crossed his arms protectively across his chest, standing up a little straighter. "I understand that my behaviour in recent weeks has caused you emotional distress," Spock said and Jim laughed. "In recent weeks? Spock. Jesus. It's been the last I don't even know how many years that have caused me emotional distress. You don't get it, do you? You don't see why it's a big deal?" Jim tried to keep the volume of his voice down. All he really wanted to do was yell at him. Maybe even hit him. He wanted to see any kind of emotion come to the surface. Spock looked at him carefully. "Start at the beginning," he said and Jim leaned back against the countertop, looking at him strangely. "The beginning of what?" "The beginning of when I started to hurt you. I am certain I can justify my actions on every occasion, putting to rest your illogical fears over-" "Spock. Would you just... shut up?" Jim cut him off. It didn't come out like he wanted it. Angry. It came out almost… pleading. Spock stared at him for a few seconds and opened his mouth as if to say something, before closing it again. Jim felt rage surging up inside him, and did nothing to control it. He launched forward, snatching his husband by the shirt and shoving him into the opposite countertop, a surge of heat rushed through their usually ignored bond but this time Jim was adamant their lips would not meet. They wouldn't have angry make-up sex on the couch. This time everything that needed to be said would be said. "You want the beginning? You want to know when this started going wrong for me? Let's try the time when you left me here alone with the kids for the better part of the last fifteen years? Remember that? Oh and the time when you've missed every milestone, every important day, pretty much every birthday and Christmas… and it isn't even just the big days, its all the little things and you weren't here for any of it. Ever. You weren't here when our daughter graduated high school aged thirteen, you weren't here when Leo had that surgery on his heart and he was terrified he wouldn't wake up, and that he'd never see you again. You weren't here when I, when we all needed you. When we finally moved into this house, where were you?" Jim demanded and Spock held his gaze. "The Laurentian system, I believe-" "On some stupid fucking mission that they could have sent any ship on! You were always jumping at any little thing they offered you Spock! You never thought about the fact that we needed you here! You've missed everything. The kids are gone you know, none of them live here anymore, it's just me. They've all grown up and left. Seren stayed in Chicago and she's working at the hospital where she did her training, Leo is going to graduate a year early, ahead of all his classmates that can actually see. Chris is… making these decisions that I don't agree with and can't control, and I feel like it's because of you. It's because he wants to rebel against you, it's the same reason he stopped acknowledging his Vulcan side, because he wants nothing to do with you Spock." Jim paused, his grip on Spock's shirt tightening. "And when I almost died. You weren't here. Seren was six years old then. She was the one holding my hand when I woke up in that hospital, not you. And do you remember what you said, when we talked about what had happened?" Jim asked and Spock gave a small nod. "What was it?!" Jim demanded, voice finally rising to a yell. "That it was incredibly unfortunate that-" "UNFORTUNATE! You remember that? You remember how I was about ready to just… let everything go, how I was so god damn low that I never thought I'd feel alright again? Well you weren't there to fix it. It was the kids. It's always been them, and you've been hurting them too." "Illogical. They have been highly proficient in caring for themselves since the age of-" "THIS ISN'T ABOUT THEM CARING FOR THEMSELVES!" Jim roared and Spock fell silent. "This is about caring about them, not for them." "Of course I care about them, I care deeply about them. I also care about you, as much as you choose to believe I do not. I stayed away that time because I knew that if I saw you I would be unable to maintain control over my emotions. I was just as… devastated by the loss of the child as you were. Perhaps it is you that does not listen." Jim narrowed his eyes. "Oh no. Don't you dare turn this around to be about me, don't you fucking try it!" Jim relaxed his grip and took a step back, Spock's eyes widening slightly as he caught sight of Jim's left hand and the white tan line that remained in place of the gold band that should have been around his finger. "You have removed your ring," he said slowly and Jim sighed, running a hand through his hair. "When you suggested a trial separation, I figured why not trial taking that off too," he said coldly. Spock looked positively heartbroken. "I suggested a trial separation out of hope that in each others absence we would come to realise the depths of the feelings we still have for one another. I do not wish to terminate our relationship. As you are aware, Vulcans select their bondmate for life," Spock said and Jim allowed his shoulders to slump. "I meant it that day on the ship too, til' death do us part," Jim said quietly. They were both silent for a few moments, the only sound Jim's slightly heavy breathing as he allowed the rage to leave his body, to melt away into nothingness. "Would this be an acceptable moment to initiate physical contact?" Spock asked and Jim looked at him. "You mean like a hug?" "Affirmative." "Spock I…" Jim paused, sighing again before trying to find the right words. "I love you. I do. Part of me always will no matter how much we fight. The problem is right now that as much as I love you, it's all kind of mixing with how angry and hurt I am. The fact of the matter is that you haven't been here enough, and the length of this mission has been kind of the last straw. If we're going to work things out, then certain things have to change. Unless you think you can change… then… we need to separate," Jim said and Spock nodded. "It's late, can we talk about this tomorrow?" Jim asked, trying to stifle a yawn. The kitchen clock told him it was nearing two in the morning. "I will be debriefing, and explaining to Starfleet command why I saw fit to end the mission three weeks earlier than scheduled," he said. "Why did you?" "Because your mental shields are, and always will be, inadequate. I could sense your emotions and decided that three additional weeks away from you would have been… unacceptable," he said. Jim turned away but felt a small tingle of hope. "You know that's the first nice thing you've done for me in so long I can't even remember," he said. "I will ensure I am available in the evening, so we can talk for as long as is necessary," Spock said and Jim nodded, turning back to look at him again. They were silent once more, just staring at each other. Jim didn't really know what else to say. He was tired, and his emotions were running high and in danger of getting the better of him. "Would you like me to leave, Jim?" Spock asked and Jim froze for a minute. "I don't want you sleeping in my bed," he said quietly and Spock nodded. "But you don't have to leave the house or anything… there's three empty beds up there," he said and Spock left the kitchen in silence. Jim buried his face in his hands, trying to figure out how he was going to untangle his mess of conflicting emotions. Christopher almost didn't believe what he was hearing. "Hey darlin', are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see," said David with a cocky grin and a Southern drawl, leaning confidently against the bar next to her. He almost choked in his drink as the girl actually went for it. A few seconds later and they were making out sloppily and Chris chuckled, finishing the rest of his drink before setting it down. He scanned the crowded room again, but nobody really stood out, nobody held his attention. That is until his eyes reached a couch over in the corner, and locked onto a being he decided would be spending a lot more time with him very soon. Getting another drink and leaving David at the bar, he crossed the room, a little swagger in his step as the music blared around him. He neared the girl and decided she was on her own before walking right over and sitting down beside her, putting on his best 'little boy lost' impersonation. "Excuse me? Yeah hi… I've uh… lost my communicator, I was just wondering if I could borrow yours?" he asked and she looked up at him, a small smirk forming on her lips. Up close he could tell she wasn't human, at least not entirely, but he couldn't put his finger quite on what the differences were. "Sure," she said shortly, removing the device from her purse. He accepted it, careful to brush his fingers against her hands as he did so, funnelling as much raw lust through the brief contact as he could. If Vulcan telepathy was good for one thing, it was getting girls to notice him. He entered his own number into the device and handed it back to her, she looked at it with a puzzled expression on her face. "Oh you see, that's for later when you want to give me a call," he said, leaning back and taking a sip of his drink as he held her gaze. "And why would I want to call you later?" she asked and he smirked. "Why wouldn't you want to call me later?" "Because… you seem like a complete and total asshole?" she asked and he grinned. "Do I? See because I always thought I was pretty awesome." "Have a good night, kid, don't let your Mom catch you out this late," she laughed, getting to her feet and strutting away, leaving him feeling pretty foolish but trying not to show it. He noticed David being dragged towards the bathrooms by the girl he was with and decided it was time to immediately up his game. Digging into his pocket he fumbled with the small plastic bag he had there, pulling out a single, tiny white pill. He popped it in his mouth discreetly and swallowed it. Now he was ready. He spotted a pretty Orion girl at the bar and walked over, sitting in the seat beside her and looking her up and down. Orion women were not a route he had yet explored, but he'd heard stories about them so he was keen to try and prove if the rumours were true or not. Luckily, she was much friendlier than the girl who had shot him down a few minutes earlier and it wasn't long before her lithe tongue was flicking over the point of his ear, making his jeans painfully tight as he fought to remain in control. "Shall we get out of here?" he asked breathlessly and she pulled away. "Well that depends," she said as an even more beautiful Orion walked over to them. "Can my friend come too?" she asked, right in his ear. He made a sound that he wasn't sure he knew he was capable of and stood up; ignoring the way the bulge in his jeans was obvious. There was a brief introduction to the other girl before he had an arm around each of their waists, walking outside to get a cab back to his apartment. Sitting in the back of the cab with one girl rubbing his thigh, getting steadily higher and higher and other sucking on his neck he sent a text message to his friend, smirking as he did so. Christopher: 2 David:1. Leo rubbed his temples, trying to get his head to clear. He peeled his shirt off and threw it aside, raising the room temperature before settling on the middle of his bed, sitting with his legs crossed and his back straight, hands on his knees. He cleared his thoughts, focusing on emptying everything from his mind. Today though, it just wasn't working. The dull throbbing in his head was becoming unbearable at times, causing him to lose concentration at vital moments. He'd lost count of his steps whilst he was out and had ended up lost, stumbling around until he admitted defeat and called Chris to come and find him and bring him home. His twin hadn't been happy about being disturbed. He'd been resting after spending the night with two Orion women and despite his protests, had told Leo about it in graphic detail. "So… what does it… you know, feel like?" Leo has asked. "Sex?" "Yeah... I mean… yeah…" he trailed off. "Go find out for yourself! You wouldn't struggle to find someone. You should come out with David and I next time we go," he offered and Leo hesitated. Lately he'd been a lot more curios about sex, and decided that it was something he definitely wanted, it was just a matter of finding the right woman. "I want to actually get to know her first though, like go out on a few dates and stuff," Leo had insisted. "Yeah yeah, I get it. I can find you someone, no problem, give me a few days. I'll keep the Orion girls for later though, they'd eat you alive, I don't think I'm going to be able to walk properly for a week…" Leo flinched as a sharp pain rushed through his head. He knew that after almost a week of headaches it was time to talk to Bones about it. He stood and fumbled for his communicator, dialling the Doctor at work, knowing that was where he was most likely to find him. When he didn't get a reply he shoved the device in his pocket and searched for his shirt, making sure it was the right way out before pulling it back on. If he couldn't get Bones on his comm. he'd go down to Starfleet medical to try and find him. Seven paces. Door. Fourteen paces, turn left fifteen degrees. Shoes. "Chris! If you're here I'm going out," he called out into the apartment. There was no reply so he assumed his brother had either gone to the gym, or back to bed, and not wanting to interrupt his meditation had left him alone to it. Door. Left turn, Ninety-degrees. Twenty five paces. Elevator, last button on the right hand column. Nineteen paces through the lobby of the building, down eight steps to the street. Turn ninety degrees to the right, and walk… Leo focused hard. A few times when he reached the end of the block he'd realise that he must have miscounted as he once went over the end of the kerb, and once was almost two steps away from it when he thought he was right by it. His head was hurting more and more as he neared his destination, and he was almost certain he could actually feel his own pulse inside his brain. It wasn't pleasant. He reached the Doctor's office at last and spoke briefly with the Receptionist who told him to take a seat whilst she went to find Bones. He sat and waited, relieved when he heard familiar footsteps approaching. "Hey Leo, what can I do for you?" he asked and Leo got to his feet. "Hey Bones. I have a headache; I was hoping you could take a look at it." "What, the drugstore don't sell painkillers now?" he asked gruffly and Leo chuckled. "You and I both know that I need something a little stronger than I can buy over the counter," he said and Bones nodded knowingly. All three of the Kirk children were affected by both their Vulcan heritage and Khan's blood. They were incredibly strong, and healed very quickly when injured or ill, but the trade off was that they were incredibly tolerant to medications and sedatives. When Leo had his last heart surgery aged twelve they'd ended up having to use Klingon grade sedative to ensure he didn't wake up halfway through the operation. "Alright you little troublemaker, go take a seat in my office, I'll be right there," he said and Leo smiled, walking towards where he knew the office door was. He missed the door slightly and tried to hide his fumble as his shoulder bumped into the frame, curing under his breath he gratefully sat up on the edge of the bio-bed, relieved to have made it at last. A few moments later he heard the Doctor bustle into the room. "You're lucky I like you so much, I've got a jam-packed schedule today," he said and Leo obediently lay back as he felt the Doctor's hand on his shoulder. "Aww. Thanks Bones, you're so sweet," he said and the Doctor sighed. "You're so much like Jim that it horrifies me," he muttered and Leo smiled again. After examining him for a few minutes, Bones gave Leo a hypo that almost immediately alleviated the throbbing in his brain, causing him to let out a sigh of relief. "Thank you, you're a miracle worker," he said gratefully as he sat upright. "A Doctor, not a miracle worker," he corrected. He sounded… odd. Strained almost. "You alright Bones? Everything ok?" There was a pause. "Yeah, fine kid. You're dehydrated, drink at least two or three more glasses of water a day and that should help the headaches," he explained quickly. "Thanks again," Leo said as the Doctor practically threw him out of his office, rambling about his fully booked up day. The young Kirk twin walked home by himself, his steps measured and counted precisely. He made it back without tripping or getting lost, and only bumped into one person the whole way, and that was right outside the apartment building. "I'm so sorry, I didn't see you there-" "Leonard, is it wise to be walking around alone?" There was only one person who called him by his full name. "Sa-mekh," Leo greeted, raising one hand in the Ta'al to his Father. "My son. It is pleasing to see you again." Leo wanted to say the same, but he really couldn't. Jim had been so torn up over everything that he didn't really know how to act around Spock. "You're home sooner than I thought," Leo pointed out. "As I have been informed by both Jim and your brother," Spock responded. Leo fell silent, he didn't really have much to say to Spock. He felt as though he barely knew him. Growing up he'd always been a voice on a comm. or a guy who'd come home for a few weeks, fuck Jim's emotions all up and then leave again. But he knew he was half of him, and he needed to at least try and maintain some sort of relationship with him, not matter how distant he was at times. He was just thinking about inviting Spock inside for a drink when the older man spoke first. "I must return to Starfleet to resume my debriefing," he said and Leo nodded. "Sure. Are you leaving again… you know, like, soon?" he asked. "I have no plans. At this point in time I believe I may be on Earth for the foreseeable future, there are matters here that require my attention," he said flatly. "Like unbreaking Jim's heart?" Leo asked. He knew it was out of line, but he just had to say it. "I believe that would be an adequate description," Spock said, he sounded… sad. Leo allowed Spock to walk him to the elevator before bidding him goodbye, agreeing to meet the following day to spend some time together. Leo felt uneasy about it, and knew he would check on Jim before he went to bed that night. If Spock was home Jim was bound to be getting himself into a state. Jim was in his office, poring over strategic diagrams for a mission to free some slaves from a prison world. He chugged down his coffee, crumpling the disposable cup in his hand and throwing it into the trash under his desk. He ignored the fact there were five other coffee cups already in there, and it was only mid-day. He'd barely slept. Knowing that Spock was only a few feet away in Leo's room had been agonising. Part of him wanted to drag him into their bed and show him just how much he'd missed him, but another part of him wanted to drag him out of bed by his infuriatingly perfect hair and beat him to a bloody pulp. "Uncle Jim?" a voice broke into his thoughts. He looked up to see someone he didn't expect to see in his doorway. "David! Come on in buddy, oh, shit you don't look so good," he said as he noticed how pale the young man was. "I'm hanging," he confessed and Jim smiled. He remembered those days, hangovers so bad he could barely believe he survived them. "Out with Chris last night?" "Oh yeah. I don't even remember how I got home," he said with a sigh, settling into the chair across from Jim's desk. "So what can I do for you?" Jim asked. "I… well… it's kinda awkward, I mean, I feel bad," David squirmed. "What's wrong? You know you can talk to me about anything," Jim pressed. David had come to see him, so he obviously needed to talk to him badly enough to have come to his office in person. "It's about Chris. I'm… kinda worried about him," David said and Jim leaned back in his chair a little bit. "Go on," he prompted. David was silent for a few moments before he opened his mouth again. "I… well…last night I saw him… talking to this guy, I don't know who he was, but he was talkin' to him and Chris gave him a handful of money, and the guy gave him… I don't know, it looked like pills," he said and Jim felt his heart skip a beat. Drugs. "I mean, you can't tell him I told you! He'll kill me! It might have been innocent, but the guy… he didn't look so innocent. I'm only tellin' you because I worry he might get hurt or somethin', I don't want anything to happen to him," he added quickly. Jim nodded, his face stony. "Thank you for telling me. I mean really, that must have taken a lot of guts to walk in here and tell me that, I appreciate it," Jim said gratefully and David nodded, looking away. He was the perfect mixture of his two parents, Bones' dark hair and Carol's blue eyes, his face a mixture of them both. Jim always joked that he was much better looking than Bones was. "Did he seem like he was on anything when you were out last night?" Jim asked and David shook his head. "No, he seemed pretty normal. I never saw him take anythin' out of his pocket or take any pills… but I wasn't with him the entire time," he said and Jim nodded. "Yeah, ok, I'm glad you told me," Jim said. His mind was reeling. He thought he'd raised his kids better than that, better than to be using drugs. Jim rose from his desk and David looked alarmed. "You aren't going to tell him I was here are you?" he asked and Jim shook his head. "No, I'm not, of course not. I'm not going to confront him, don't worry," Jim said, trying to put David's mind at rest, he was obviously conflicted about having told him. David stood up and scampered from Jim's office with a mumbled goodbye, leaving Jim standing at his desk with his mind all over the place. He didn't think Chris was the type to use drugs. Ever. Could he have misjudged his own son so much? Did he really know him as well as he thought he did?
A/N Thank you for all the reviews, faves, follows and views so far! This chapter causes things to take a bit of a turn... as I said in my last A/N, the story is starting to pick up pace. Stay with me though, I promise you won't be disappointed in the end :) Chapter Four *One week later* The word she had become so sick of hearing, so fed up of hearing was the word prodigy. It had been following her from an early age, and she had been hoping it would have died down a bit by this point. Apparently being a highly qualified surgeon at the age of twenty-one was something quite unusual. As far as she was concerned, she worked to the same standard as any other doctor who shared the same level of qualification, she was just a little younger. A lot younger… This shift had been particularly difficult, and even with her 'legendary' surgical skills, there had been one patient she had been unable to save, a young man who had been in a hover-bike accident. The head trauma had been far too severe, really he'd never stood a chance, but she tried anyway, for almost two hours, until finally reaching the conclusion that the damage was irreparable. Forcing her emotions into their little Vulcan box in the corner of her brain, she'd carried on working, another patient needed her, they always did. At the end of her shift she did not head home, instead to the research labs where she was coming to the end of a lengthy and highly experimental trial. For the past four years she had been working on something that she was keeping a closely guarded secret, but she felt finally ready to reveal it, as her confidence that it could be successful had reached a peak based on recent positive results. She picked up the two small white mice from their container. They had been the first trial. They were both doing well and had been for months. The Tribbles had been more tricky, being larger and more complex than a mouse, however she had managed to achieve a successful result after two attempts. She didn't feel so guilty about the unfortunate demise of the first pair of Tribbles due to the fact that the current pair were breeding at a somewhat alarming rate and she thought there was at least one extra new addition each time she checked on them. The final test subjects had been a pair of small monkeys, and these were the easiest, which relieved her as their brains were the most similar to that of a human. Through extremely precise use of a transporter device, she had removed the Occipital lobe of the brain from one monkey when they were young, leaving the specimen blind in the same way her younger brother was blind. Once the two subjects reached maturity she was able to clone the Occipital lobe of the other monkey and successfully transplant it into it's counterpart. Their vision became functional around two weeks after the surgery, and from her best assessment was now at almost eighty-percent functionality after having spent a few more weeks healing and grafting successfully into the brain. She anticipated that within three to six more weeks, their vision would be perfect. Christopher and Leo would make the ideal subjects as genetically identical twins. She was nervous though. Not only were the risks of both surgeries high, the risk of it not working was higher. She calculated around a sixty percent chance of failure, or at least partial failure, but she felt it was time to reveal her findings, to offer Leo the opportunity. She felt confident that she had found a solution, should he choose to accept it. She gathered up her data PADD containing her research findings to take with her to San Francisco to show to Leonard McCoy. She would need his assistance if this was going to be a success. Returning home to her apartment briefly to change into casual clothes, she then boarded a shuttle to San Francisco. Emily McCoy was returning home to stay for the first time in years and Seren had booked a weekend of vacation time to spend a few days with her family, having learnt that Spock was finally back on Earth. Jim had seemed tense when he told her, and Seren had pried maybe a little too far. Jim had explained that Spock was staying at the house, though he was sleeping in Leo's room, and that they'd talked everything through. Years of things that should have been said, finally all out in the open. Jim felt relieved, but not particularly comforted. Now he had the ball in his court, Spock had told him that he knew he had no right to expect forgiveness for his actions. Jim had told him he'd think about it. The shuttle ride was over quickly and she made her way to the McCoy family home in the outskirts of the city, allowing herself a small smile at the 'welcome home' banner draped over the door as she pressed the bell. "Seren! So glad you could make it, come in," said Carol as she answered the door. "Thank you Carol, it's good to see you," she said politely as she entered the house. There were quite a lot of people there, some she just barely recognised, others she knew well. She noticed right away that Jim and Spock were as far from each other as physically possible whilst staying in the same room. She headed for Spock first, having not seen him for over a year. He looked no different, apart from maybe a dozen more strands of gray starting to fleck his dark black hair. "Seren," he said with a small smile as she approached. "Father," she said, leaning in to hug him. He awkwardly hugged her loosely in return. "I am relieved that you have returned safely," she said as she let go of him and stepped back. "As am I. Jim tells me you have remained living in Chicago? "I have. It was the logical option," she said, immediately regretting her choice of words. Though she listened to her Vulcan side, perhaps moreso than even Leo did, she did not believe logic should govern everything. "If you are… happy, then I am certain you are making the correct decision," he said. She nodded. It was so odd seeing him again, especially when other than that tiny flicker of a smile, he didn't seem overly thrilled about it. Their awkward conversation was cut off by loud cheering as Emily was led into the room by her father. Seren blinked, the young woman now almost unrecognisable from when they had been children. Emily had always been something of an awkward child. She'd been very skinny and tall, looking almost stretched, her blonde hair always hanging in two plaits on either side of her head. She'd worn braces on her teeth the last time Seren had seen her in person at age thirteen, and she'd looked every bit as awkward as ever, but now she'd truly blossomed. Her hair was long, hanging in soft curls around her shoulders and she had dimples in her faintly-freckled cheeks as she grinned at the room of people, her hazel eyes shining. She had certainly inherited her mother's enviable curves, and Seren felt slightly inadequate in comparison as she let her eyes take in her perfect figure. "Oh my gosh! Thank you all so much!" she exclaimed at the room full of people all there to see her. Even her voice sounded like beautiful music, a bright tone to it. Seren spotted her two brothers across the room near Jim, Christopher's jaw looking like he was struggling to keep it from dropping, Leo completely oblivious to just how beautiful Emily had grown up to be. "Alright everybody, break out the drink, let's get started!" Bones ordered loudly. "Hear hear!" Interjected Scotty from across the room. Uhura slapped his chest playfully and he grinned, kissing her on the cheek. Their fourteen year old daughter Molly was standing with them, looking like she'd rather be anywhere than there. Seren took the opportunity to escape to the kitchen to get herself a drink, making a detour to say hello to David and Joanna McCoy on the way. She'd wait to say hello to Emily later as she was currently being swamped by people. Several hours later and the party was dying down. Leo was sitting on the couch listening with mild interest to Seren and Bones talking about experimental interspecies organ transplantation when the cushions dipped beside him. "You ready to leave? I can give you a ride home," Jim offered. Leo sighed a little but then nodded. He hadn't spoken to Emily, she'd been really busy talking to everyone else, and he guessed that she'd forgotten about him. "Yeah sure," he said, heaving himself to his feet and straightening his shirt. "You want hand?" Jim offered and Leo reluctantly accepted, putting his hand on his father's shoulder so he could be led through the room that had become a complete hazard for Leo with all the people scattered around. "Leo! Don't tell me you're leaving already?!" a voice drifted over to him through the room and he turned towards the source of it. "Oh, so you do remember I exist," he said in a light, playful tone. "'Course I do! Wow, look at you all grown up!" Emily grinned. Leo shifted awkwardly, scratching the back of his head. Jim knew he had no real confidence and hid behind a lot of humour and self-deprecating comments; and not knowing how he looked wasn't helping with that. Before anyone could say anything Leo froze to the spot as Emily wrapped her arms around him in a friendly hug. Oh my god. Her hair is touching my face. It smells incredible and it's so soft. Her boobs are touching me. Her actual BOOBS. Holy shit. Keep it cool. Keep. Cool. But her arms are actually around me… "Leo, are you alright?" she asked and he opened his mouth to speak before closing it again, just nodding in response. She didn't seem in any hurry to let go and he relaxed a little bit, wrapping his arms around her in return. She was the perfect height, a few inches shorter than him so her chin could rest on his shoulder. He felt almost heartbroken when she pulled away, the loss of her warm body pressed against his leaving him feeling… empty. "So how have you been?" she asked. "Hey, I'm going to get out of here buddy, here's cab fare. Good to see you Emily," said Jim with a knowing smile as he tucked a couple of credits in Leo's jeans pocket for him. "I don't need your money," Leo laughed, removing the credits and holding them out for Jim to take back. "Sure you do," Jim said, pushing his hand away. "Bye Uncle Jim! I'll be holding you to that offer of dinner next week!" Emily called after him as he walked down the driveway. Leo felt lost now that Jim wasn't beside him. "So… how have you been?" she asked again and he cleared his throat. "Uh… good, y'know, just studying and everything. What about you? How's the music business?" he asked and she smiled at his awkwardness. "Shall we go and sit down?" she offered and he felt a blush creep into his cheeks. He didn't want to have to walk back through the crowded room of people. "I uh… I should probably go…" he said lamely and she laughed. "You are every bit as sweet as I remember you being, I wish I'd had more time to keep in contact with you and Chris," she said as she grabbed his hand and started to drag him along. He stumbled as he tried to follow wherever she was leading him, relaxing when he heard the door slide open and felt the cool night air rush up to greet him. They were going to sit on the bench on the porch. He was relieved that at least he knew the environment. "Chris has turned into such an asshole the last few months," Leo sighed and Emily giggled. "Yeah. This billboard went up right near my college in London of him flaunting his ass in tighty-whiteys. I almost didn't recognise him all grown up at first but then I saw the pointy-ears and I'd know those ears anywhere," she said and Leo sighed, bringing his hand up to cover half of his embarrassed face as Emily laughed. "It doesn't seem to hold him back though, not if the sounds I hear coming from his room at night are anything to go by," Leo said, rolling his eyes and making Emily giggle again. He immediately decided it was the most beautiful sound he'd ever heard. "He's a bit of a whore isn't he?" she said and Leo nodded. Her accent was strange… a bit of British, a bit of Southern USA and a bit of general North America. It was cute the way she'd almost fumble over some words. "Oh yeah. A complete nightmare to live with. I might actually move back home for a while, he's driving me crazy," Leo said before quickly changing the subject. "So are you going to be living here now you're back?" he asked and she nodded, feeling foolish as she remembered he of course couldn't see her nodding. "Yeah. I am, for a while at least, until I get everything figured out," she said and he leaned back slightly on the bench, causing it to creak a bit under his weight. She looked over him more closely. He certainly worked out, the way his well worn t-shirt was too tight across his chest and shoulders told her that much. "I mean my boyfriend and I might be getting a place, but I don't really know just yet," she said and Leo felt his heart sink. Boyfriend. Great. Should have acted on this stupid crush ten years ago. Nice job you big fucking idiot. "That sounds cool," he said and she seemed to tense. "I'm not sure. He's in the Marines, so could leave at any time… I don't like the idea of living on my own," she said and Leo felt his heart sink even further. A military boyfriend who could probably kill me with one finger! Even better. "He met Bones yet?" Leo asked with a snigger. "Are you serious? The only time he'll meet any boyfriend I ever have is when he gives me away to them at my wedding! He'll kill any man that gets near me, so yeah, keep it a secret," she said and he put on his best fake smile. He'd at least be her friend, even if he couldn't be more. "Sure, I can do that," he said, trying to hide his twitch as his head throbbed painfully. Over the last seven days the pain had changed from a steady ache into sudden, sharp jolts of searing pain that sometimes went right down his spine. "Are you alright?" she asked and he nodded quickly. "Yeah, I'm good, why wouldn't I be?" he asked defensively. "I don't know, you look tired and kind of pale," she said and he silently cursed himself for not being able to tell when he was tired looking. "I'm kind of tired," he admitted. "It's pretty late. I think Chris and David are heading into the city if you wanted to share their cab?" she offered and he nodded quickly. "I'm sorry I'm kinda… quiet today, I can meet you next week for… I don't know, coffee or something? When I'm less tired, and you're less… busy," he said, trailing off awkwardly. "That'd be good," she said warmly and he did his best to suppress the somersault he wanted to do. He'd take being her friend happily, then maybe when army-boy went off on deployment somewhere he could be her shoulder to cry on… "Great! Awesome, I… yeah… let me know when and stuff, I'll make sure I'm not doing anything else," he said. She didn't need to know that he wouldn't be doing anything else anyway. Chris was acting a little weird. He and David had spent a couple of hours up in his room with the door closed and had both emerged acting slightly hyperactive and reckless. Leo got in the cab with them regardless. As soon as he got out he knew right away that he wasn't outside the apartment. "Tonight, little brother, I'm getting you laid whether you like it or not," Chris said and Leo tensed as his twin put his hands on his shoulders and pushed him forwards towards a club with a heavy bassline pouring out of the open door. "Now now Leo, don't fight us, we'll get you what you want," David said as he helped Chris shove him towards the door. Leo stopped fighting them, he didn't have the strength to in his aching body. He allowed himself to be dragged into the strange place, counting twelve steps down into the underground room. A shot glass was pushed into his hands a moment later and he threw it back, vaguely interested in the sweet taste and slight burn as the liquid went down his throat. He'd never been drunk before, much to Chris's annoyance. Leo couldn't allow himself to get intoxicated, ever. He needed to maintain his concentration as without it, he'd lose track of where he was and where other things were. Important things that hurt to walk into, like walls and doors and furniture. But tonight he didn't care. He'd spent years waiting for the day Emily McCoy would walk back into his life after having been a voice on an occasional comm. for such a long time, and she had a boyfriend. A boyfriend. "Another?" Chris offered and Leo nodded, accepting the now larger glass and starting to force the liquid down as quickly as it would go. "Oh damn, he drinks like you," David laughed and pressed another full glass into Leo's hands. "Well keep him going, I'm going to go find him a woman," Chris said determinedly, leaving Leo and David at the bar as he went on the prowl. Leonard McCoy blinked hard as he went over the image for what must have been the thousandth time that week. He just couldn't wrap his head around it, couldn't and wouldn't accept it. He was grateful for the knock at his office door and let in his visitor, who he'd been expecting but not for another thirty minutes. "You're early," he said. "I was excited," said Seren as she settled into the seat on the other side of his desk, a PADD clutched in her hands. "You've figured it out, haven't you? A way to fix him," Bones said. He could tell just by looking at her, by the way although her face was stubbornly neutral, her blue eyes were practically grinning. "Yes," she responded simply, handing over the PADD. Bones read the entire document thoroughly. It took him almost twenty minutes, she waited patiently and silently, watching the way his face would change slightly, sometimes an eyebrow would raise, sometimes his lips would press together. "The risks are… significant," he said and she nodded. "But I think it's completely possible. I think it's worth trying." "I am aware and I agree." "But… shit. Seren, I have to tell somebody. I have to tell him and I just can't." Bones sighed deeply and ran his hands through his hair. "What? What can't you tell him?" she asked, confused. "Leo was in here last week with a headache. I took a look at him and… I… well. See for yourself," he said as he pulled up the scan results again on his PADD, handing it over the desk to her. She read it, eyes darting back and fore rapidly, widening slightly as she reached the end of the report and the attached images. "How… how long have you known?" she whispered. "That scan was six days ago," he said, his voice sounded… hollow. "Oh god… he's… he's got no chance," she said, shaking her head as her blue eyes brimmed with tears. "About eight percent, actually," McCoy corrected. "And that's if we start treatment within the next two weeks. I've been trying to work up the nerve to tell Jim, but with everything going on with Spock it's been the last thing he needed." "Don't tell Jim. We'll only tell Leo, then he can decide if he wants Jim to know or not," Seren said. Her voice was slightly higher than usual as she let the first few tears escape her eyes. The last time she'd cried she had been six years old. Jim and Spock had sat the three of them down and explained that the reason Jim had been so ill was because they'd tried to have another baby and something had gone wrong, and there wouldn't be a little brother or sister for them. "Darlin', c'mere," said Bones, getting to his feet and walking around the desk. He held her close as she sobbed into his shoulder. "Between the two of us, we'll find a way to get him better. He's come through so much, I'm sure he can-" "Do you not see it?! The size of… it's a miracle he can still even walk around and function and… god. He's going to die, isn't he?" she whispered. Bones pulled back enough for her to see his face was also wet with tears he couldn't hold back. "He might. But I know him, he'll fight it until the very end, he won't give up and roll over and let it win, he's got the strength in him to fight and to fight well," he said firmly and Seren felt herself nod. She snatched up the PADD again, her eyes locking onto the scan image of her younger brother's brain, focusing on the large white mass that shouldn't be there. The cancer. The tumour that was killing him. Silent until this point where the pressure on his brain was causing him enough discomfort to notice it. "We… need to tell him," she said quietly and Bones nodded, wiping his face on the back of his hand. "We can't keep this from Jim, or Christopher either, or even Spock. They all have a right to know," he said and she swallowed the lump in her throat. They needed to know because he wouldn't last long. "I'll call everyone, tell them to get down here as soon as they can," she said quietly. Her emotions were entirely out of her control as tears streamed silently down her face. Her little brother, who'd fought through being born three months early, with part of his brain missing, a hole in his heart, further complications and infections and a heart rhythm problem in his early teens. Her little brother who was the most genuinely wonderful, positive person she knew, who never let anything stand in his way, who shone so bright with his infectious smile and loveable, cheeky nature. And she could lose him. They could all lose him. A/N A few people had guessed in the reviews that I was heading in this general direction, well, you were right. I'm evil. I know. I'm sorry. Prepare for bucketloads of angst, but as I said before, please stay with me, this story wont be ALL angst. What do we all think is going to happen? (I'm always curious to see who can read my mind haha)
A/N Thanks for all the reviews on the last chapter, and thanks for staying with me through the direction I'm taking the story in. A bit of a patchy chapter here, but things are moving forward as I want them to. Sorry for being a little slow with updates, my real life is just EATING my time at the moment. I'm hoping to continue with my current rate of two chapters a week. As always, reviews are much appreciated and I'll have the next chapter out ASAP :) Chapter Five It was moments like this that Leonard McCoy wished he'd chosen a different career path. He looked at his best friend, blue eyes brimming with tears that he was struggling to contain, Spock beside him looking pale and shocked. Leo sitting between them looked as if they had just been having a casual conversation about nothing in particular. "You understand what I'm saying, right?" McCoy asked gently. "Yeah, sure. When are you cracking my head open to get a look at this thing?" he asked casually and Jim took a sharp inhale of breath, quickly wiping his face with the back of his hand. "Uh… you'll need to do a full six week course of chemo. We're going to try and shrink it first, with it being the size it is, it's too risky to go right ahead, we could do more harm than good. Are you ok, kid? Do you want to talk to… I don't know, a counsellor or something?" he offered and Leo shrugged. "Don't see why I'd want to waste time doing that. When's chemo starting?" he asked. Jim looked stunned. "Well… tomorrow if you want to," Bones said after a small pause. "Yeah I'm not doing anything; that sounds fine." Everyone was silent. Jim sniffled and Bones looked away from him, he looked away from all of them. "Will I have to stay here overnight?" Leo asked and Bones shook his head. "Not if you don't want to. I can arrange for you to go home afterwards. You'll need someone there to look after you though, it's probably going to make you really sick," he said and Leo nodded in acceptance. "How long of a recovery time are you predicting? I mean am I going to make it back to school for spring term?" Bones sighed slightly. The kid was in denial. "Sure, kid. I'll have you all patched up in time for January," he said and it was Spock's turn to take a deep breath. "And if all treatment fails, how long will I have… you know, left?" he asked and Bones took a deep breath. "Based on the current scans… the estimated rate of growth… I don't know. Three to six months. You're doing the right thing to go ahead with the treatment, as hard as it's going to be, it's not incurable, it's not terminal. Not at this stage." He'd already gone over the slim odds of full recovery. "Eight percent huh? Sounds reasonable," Leo said brightly with a lopsided smile. "Stop it," Jim whispered, getting to his feet. "You… are you not hearing this? You could die, Leo. This is your life we're talking about here, it isn't a game or a joke!" Jim said and Leo sank down into his chair a little bit. "Sorry, Dad. I guess I don't want to let this change how I'm going to be. I'm going to deal with it in the same way I've always dealt with my problems, with a shrug and a smile and a 'well shit, life has dealt me a bad hand, but there's gonna be a way around it somehow'… I hope you can understand that. That's how I'm going to cope. And I'm not going to tell anybody either, this stays between us. Not even Chris. I'll block our bond, we barely use it anyway, but he can't know. I don't need him stressing over it." Jim put his hand on his son's shoulder and smiled slightly. "Wish I had your outlook," he said quietly. Spock stood silently and left the room. "You should go after him, I'm fine here. I had a few questions about chemo and stuff too," Leo prompted and Jim nodded, almost tripping over the chair in his haste to follow Spock into the corridor outside Bones' office. "Spock," Jim said as he saw him standing a few feet down the corridor, his back turned. Jim approached him slowly, putting one hand on his shoulder and turning him around to face him. "How can he remain so calm?" Spock asked quietly. Jim shook his head. "I don't know, Spock, I really don't," he said just as quietly. Before he really knew what he was doing he had wrapped Spock in his arms, his face buried in his shoulder, holding him tightly. Spock hugged him back so tightly he was certain his ribs would be sore all day. He didn't care. "Did you hear that they might be able to make me see?!" burst Leo's excited voice from the door of Bones' office. "They're having a moment kid," Bones pointed out and Jim and Spock reluctantly let go of each other. "How?" Jim asked quickly. This certainly lifted the terrible news slightly. "Seren has been doing years of research and she thinks she can clone the part of Christopher's brain that I don't have, and then put it in my head. How awesome would that be?" he said with a grin. Jim felt like his heart was breaking clean in two. How could he still be smiling at a time like this? After finding out he was probably going to die? "Pretty awesome," he said with a small smile. "We just need to get Chris to agree to donate some cells and we can go ahead with it!" "Will his treatment affect this procedure Doctor?" Spock asked and Bones shrugged. "It's worth a try," Bones said and Leo grinned wider. "See, I might die but at least I can see all your ugly faces first!" Jim took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a second. "Too soon?" Leo asked at the silence following his comment. "Much," said Spock shortly. The three of them left the hospital together. Leo decided to go home with them, rather than to the apartment. Chris had partied hard last night and although Leo had got well on his way to being drunk, he'd snuck off halfway through the night and had left him and David in the bar and got a cab home alone. "I'll go up to my room so you guys can talk about me in peace," Leo said as they arrived home. Jim couldn't speak. His hands were shaking. He felt sick to his stomach. "Just… come here," he mumbled, grabbing his son and hugging him tightly. "Don't cry," said Leo as he felt Jim's warm tears soaking into the shoulder of his shirt. "I'm not going anywhere, not if I can help it," he said defiantly, rubbing Jim's back and passing him over to Spock who took over the hugging. Leo was relieved, maybe they were getting somewhere in fixing their relationship? "Hey, I promise you, I'll be fine. Do you know where Seren is? I need to ask her about this sight thing, and get her to explain it to Chris so we can get started on it," he said. "She is with Joanna and Emily, I believe they are spending the day together," said Spock. "Oh. Well I'll give her a call later," he said, turning and walking carefully up to his room. His bed smelled like Spock had been sleeping in it. Maybe they haven't got so far with fixing things yet… he thought as he settled under the covers. Bones had advised him to get well rested ready for the beginning of his treatment, and he was going to follow the Doctors orders. "I can't lose him Spock," Jim whispered as Spock held him, one hand gently stroking the back of his head, the other settled on his lower back. "Have faith in his strength," Spock said. He wasn't convinced even himself that Leo could win this fight, though he knew he would try as hard as he possibly could. "I do have faith in him, but I mean… the odds are pretty bad." I am aware, but have faith. He has always excelled at beating the odds when they are not in his favour. Jim clung to him tighter as he used their bond to communicate for the first time in months. "You are tired, Jim, perhaps rest would be advisable at this time?" Spock suggested and Jim looked up at him with red eyes from crying. "Yeah I could really use a nap," he admitted, looking away momentarily. "I will accompany you as it is clear you do not wish to be alone at this time. If that is acceptable to you?" Spock asked and Jim sighed. They'd talked everything through. From the beginning to the end. Every fight, every unresolved issue. Spock had always felt secure enough in their marriage that he didn't think it would be a problem for him to spend long periods of time away from his family, but Jim had abandonment issues from his Mother leaving him as a child, and Spock had unintentionally made these issues much worse. After the miscarriage Jim had become distant. He was heartbroken, that much was obvious, and he mourned for a long time, taking a full three months off work on medical grounds. He spent hours in therapy as Spock was away, and he didn't want to trouble Bones with his problems all the time. When Spock returned all Jim could think about was how many days it would be until he would have been due to have their fourth child. The day came and went. Spock refused to acknowledge it, and Jim had slept on Bones' couch that night after hacking his way into the house, Joanna finding him there after sneaking downstairs for a midnight snack and covering him over with a blanket. They both agreed that it was by failing to talk about this issue that the cracks had started to form. They lost faith in each other and their ability to work as a team, maybe because they hadn't done so in so long. Jim wanted so desperately to make everything work, but he was hurting and scared of giving Spock any opportunity to hurt him any more than he had already done. "I'd like that," Jim heard himself mumble. Spock took his hand gently and led him to their bedroom. Jim allowed him to. He also allowed him to carefully remove his clothing piece by piece until all that remained were his black boxers. Jim suddenly felt very self-conscious under Spock's gaze as he pushed him gently so he fell onto the soft mattress. Spock rid himself of his own clothing and climbed into the bed next to Jim. Just as Jim was about to speak, to tell him he didn't want any form of sexual contact Spock turned him onto his side and settled behind him, holding him close, one hand finding his and lacing their fingers together. Jim felt only comfort being passed through the bond, there was no sexual advance behind the touch. He understood that ridding them of most of their clothes was to allow maximum skin to skin contact. "Sleep, T'hy'la," Spock soothed and Jim closed his eyes. "Don't leave me again," Jim mumbled with his eyes closed. "Never," Spock said sincerely, placing a kiss on the back of Jim's neck and holding him safely in his arms until exhaustion took him. Jim's short nap turned into him sleeping right through until morning, Spock never left him, and the times when he would stir or mumble in his sleep he was there to gently smooth his hair and kiss his neck, lulling him back to sleep until the cold morning light pierced through the curtains. In a few hours Leo would begin his treatment, and there would be no going back. "There we go, raise your right hand a little more – PERFECT! Stay right there." Chris held his pose as the camera clicked, his right hand curled around the throat of the pretty young girl standing in front of him, his teeth tugging at her earlobe, eyes closed. He'd put no pressure on her neck, but he could feel her tense, scared even. He let go as soon as he was given the order and the girl flounced off, pulling on a large sweatshirt to keep warm between sets of images. "Right. Next we're thinking we'll get you on the front of the car and Jessie will-" Christopher zoned out as the photographer spoke. Just nodded brainlessly along with whatever he wanted. "You're ok with being naked?" Chris nodded. "You ever done nude before?" Chris shook his head and the director looked him up and down. He was only wearing a pair of leather pants so tight that they left little to the imagination. "Well I don't think you'll have a problem. In your own time," the photographer said and Chris didn't hesitate in stripping off completely, smirking at the way the two female models eyes widened slightly. "Well?" Christopher asked, raising his arms in a sort of shrug. The photographer looked like he'd just been told he'd won the lottery. "You ever thought about porn, kid? You're twenty right?" Chris paused for a moment. Jim would be disappointed. So, so disappointed. "Never really thought about it," he dismissed. "Where do you need me to stand?" he asked, trying to move the conversation onwards. "Over there, the girls are going to stand in a way that'll mean you'll be able to tell you're naked, but you wont really see anything in the shots. It'll be a shame, but that's what we've been told to do today. I'll pass your number on to my contact, because he'll definitely be wanting to talk to you." Christopher just nodded again and did as he was told. All he wanted was money in his bank account, and he was getting kind of sick of this particular photographer. He was tired, still getting over partying hard after welcoming Emily home. The rest of the shoot passed relatively quickly and before long he was pulling his clothes back on, getting on his hover-bike and speeding towards home. "Leo, you here?" he called as he walked through the door. He was met with silence and ran a hand through his hair, sighing. He reached out for his twin through their bond but was met with… nothing. Blankness. It had been blocked from the other side. Leo and Christopher had always shared a strong mental connection. It had stemmed from being twins, developing together from an embryonic level, their brains so close they'd become bonded together so tightly it was similar to the bond shared by Jim and Spock. Leo? Christopher kicked off his shoes and walked through the living room towards his bedroom, wanting to get some sleep. He paused as he noticed some of his things weren't where he had left them. "Take a seat, Christopher," came a voice from the couch. He turned quickly, eyes locking onto Jim who was sitting there staring at him. "What's going on?" Chris asked as he cautiously walked over. "Just… sit down," Jim sighed and Chris obeyed, sitting on the other couch opposite him. "Fun photoshoot? You've got lipstick on your ear," Jim pointed out and Chris reached up one hand to wipe it off, not taking his eyes off his father. "Yeah it was… good. What's wrong, you look like something is wrong," he asked suspiciously. Jim didn't look right. At all. He looked tired, even by his standards, and his eyes were puffy and red as if he'd been… crying. "Oh god. Are you getting a divorce? Is it over? Is that it?" he asked quickly and Jim shook his head. "There are two reasons I'm here. The first one, is these," Jim said, lifting his left hand for Chris to see. Clasped between his thumb and forefinger was a small, clear bag containing white pills. Christopher swallowed hard. Fuck. Jim had searched his room. "Had a feeling something was going on. The other night, your eyes weren't quite… focusing. You seemed a little too enthusiastic about everything. Seems I was right to be suspicious," Jim said. The disappointment on his face was clear. "You had no right to come in here and rummage my room and-" "Looks like I needed to though, huh?" Jim interrupted calmly. Christopher was quiet as Jim's blue eyes bored into him. "Why?" he asked quietly. Chris shrugged. "I don't know. Drink doesn't affect me like everyone else. I can't get… enough from it. It started as a bit of fun, and now it's just for… I don't know, comfort. I feel better, with them," he stammered. "What are they?" Jim asked and Chris shook his head. "You can tell me, or I can get them analysed, it's entirely up to you." Chris leaned back into the couch and closed his eyes. "Diazepam," Chris said quietly. Jim's face screwed up. "Sleeping pills. You get high off sleeping pills? What are you stupid or something? Jesus. I thought it was… I don't know, ecstasy or something, but really, you're playing with something people use to kill themselves?!" "I had… a freakout. A few months back. I got drunk, and I had a freakout. I saw a doctor about it, he told me about the medication but that it'd go on my record if he prescribed it. I didn't want that, so I found a different source," he explained as Jim stared at him incredulously. "That is the dumbest thing you've ever… these could be anything! Whoever you're getting them from could lie, you could be putting yourself in danger and… what did you freak out over?!" Jim demanded and Chris flinched. He hated it when Jim yelled. He didn't do it often, but when he did it was like he really meant it. "I… honestly don't know. One minute I was fine, I was with a girl actually, but then my whole body started to feel… wrong. I don't know how to describe it. I was overheating, I couldn't breathe, my heart was pounding… every molecule of my body was telling me to… run or fight or… I don't even know. It was horrible. I didn't want it happening again." Jim stared at him before moving to sit beside him, putting a hand on his shoulder. "God, I'm relieved. I was worried you were some kind of junkie," he sighed and Christopher smiled a little. "No." Christopher hesitated. Part of him wanted to tell Jim he was getting in over his head. That the fun of rebellion with the modelling work had worn off. That he was sorry for being a pain in the ass. That he knew however hard he tried to provoke him, Spock wouldn't react and he knew it. But he didn't, he kept quiet and carefully studied Jim's face. "You'll stop though, right? Or at least do everything legitimately?" Jim said and Chris nodded. "Good. Now the second thing. Uh. Shit. Could you come with me? Home for a bit? We need to all be together for this," Jim said and Chris felt uneasy. "Yeah, let me get a jacket," he said, getting to his feet. He could feel something was wrong, he could sense it. Leo, what's going on? Is something wrong? His twin ignored him, the bond blocked from his end and leaving Chris feeling more and more nervous. "You want to put part of my brain in Leo's brain?" Chris asked and Seren nodded. "A clone of it," she corrected. "And that'll fix him, make him see?" "It could, there is a chance it will work, however as I have explained there are also considerable odds of failure." Everyone was looking at him expectantly and he nodded. "Yeah. I'll do it. You can take whatever you need from me," he nodded and Leo smiled. "I owe you one," he said. "We'll see if it works first," he said and Seren nodded. Spock watched them all carefully. Jim was staring at the floor. "Is there… something else going on?" Christopher asked suspiciously. "No. Nothing. Just that. I uh… I'm going to sleep here tonight though, if that's alright?" Leo said cautiously. He looked off, a little pale and peaky, like he maybe had a fever or something. "You sleep where you want to sleep, I'm not going to force you to come back to the apartment," he said, standing up to leave and fumbling in his pocket for his keys. "I wish you'd wear a helmet when you ride that damn thing you know," Jim sighed as he saw him out. "Helmets are for losers," he smirked as he swung one leg over the bike. "I'm sure the patient I lost last week in a bike accident would argue otherwise," Seren pointed out. Christopher hesitated and then sighed, opening the compartment and pulling out the helmet he hadn't worn for months, jamming it on his head roughly. "Happy?" "Very. You need to keep that brain of your protected now remember?" Seren said with a small smile. Spock just stood in the doorway watching them. "I'll see you tomorrow so you can steal part of my brain then," he said. He wasn't scared for the surgery. Not really. He knew it wouldn't be much, Leo's half would be much worse. They could take what they needed from him in donor cells through a tiny hole, but Leo's skull would have to be opened to allow them to introduce the cloned section. Chris shuddered slightly at the thought. "Indeed," she nodded. Jim offered a small wave as he started walking back up to the house. Christopher was still suspicious that there was something else going on as he revved the bike and then sped off into the faint orange glow of the setting sun. It was several more hours until Seren heard the faint sound of retching coming from the bathroom. Jim and Spock had gone to bed an hour or so before, whether it was to sleep or not she didn't really want to know. "Leo?" she asked gently as she knocked the bathroom door. The door opened a moment later. Her younger brother was sweaty and pale, but hadn't actually vomited. Yet. "I don't feel so good," he mumbled as she took his hand and led him back down the hallway to his room. "I know," she soothed as she helped him into the bed, one hand gently stroking his drenched hair. "You throw up if you need to, don't worry about me seeing or anything, I see worse things," she said and he nodded. "I tried, I just… can't. I don't know. My body won't let me," he sighed. She kept hold of his one hand and he held it back tightly. "Can you hand me my glass of water?" he asked in a whisper. She squeezed his hand reassuringly and handed him the glass, watching as his hand shook as he raised it to his lips and took a small sip. "Everything tastes like metal," he said with a grimace, handing the glass back. "I know," she mumbled, gently applying pressure to his shoulder to encourage him to lay down. He did and she pulled the blankets up around him. "Don't leave me," he whispered after a few minutes of silence. "I'll be right here," she said with a sad smile, bringing one hand up to push his hair back off his forehead. "It's going to get worse isn't it?" he asked after a few more minutes. "Leo… I don't want-" "I know it is," he cut her off and she sighed. "It is. Focus on something in the future. What's the first thing you're going to do after you successfully finish your treatment?" He thought for a moment before smiling. "I'm going to go into space, to see all the things Jim talks about, because by then I'll be able to see," he said determinedly. "And then I'm going to come home a man, and tell the girl I've been crushing on for the better part of fifteen years that I'm completely in love with her," he admitted and Seren allowed herself a small chuckle. "And if the fact she already has a boyfriend comes in the way of that?" "Then I'll hog-tie him and lock him in the basement," he grinned and Seren laughed. "I'll help," she smiled, giving his hair one last affectionate ruffle up before leaving him alone to get some much-needed sleep.
A/N Thank you so much for all the lovely reviews, the follows and the faves :) I'm kind of overwhelmed but it's a lovely feeling! I'm starting to break the story into little threads, all their mini-stories combining into one... following everyone separately but together at the same time, if that makes sense? Bleh. I don't know. I'm sleepy, it's silly o'clock and I have work in 4 hours... *shoots self in face* ANYWAY... Happy reading! Chapter Six "Won't you fly high, free bird, oh yeah!" Spock allowed himself a small smile as he listened to Jim singing in the shower. He always did this, every morning, sometimes more tunefully than others. Today he was pretty good. He emerged from the bathroom a few minutes later with a grin on his face and a towel around his waist, water droplets running down his chest and over his ever-so-slightly rounded stomach. "You're showing," Spock pointed out and Jim grinned, both hands rushing to his stomach. "I know. Isn't it awesome?" he beamed, walking over to Spock sitting on the edge of the bed and straddling him, his towel stretching to the limit as he spread his legs. Spock placed a kiss just below Jim's belly button and looked up at him. "A whole new person, Spock, another little pointy-eared wonder child. Hey do you think Seren will be jealous of the new baby? Like do you think she'll get clingy? I've heard that happens sometimes but I like to think she'd be able to cope," Jim rambled. "I am certain she will cope well with being the eldest child, Jim," Spock said as he trailed his hands up Jim's muscular thighs under his towel, lightly squeezing at the damp skin. Jim smirked at him. "She's asleep you know," Jim pointed out and Spock glanced at the time. "I will be late for the start of my shift if we were to engage in any sexual activity at this time," he said matter-of-factly. "Well," Jim continued to smirk as he lowered his lips so they were level with Spock's. "I'm sure if you ask the Captain nicely, he'll let you off being a little late," he whispered against Spock's lips before trapping the bottom one between his teeth and tugging insistently on it. Spock bit back the moan rising in his throat and grabbed Jim's towel-clad backside firmly, pulling him down onto his lap. "You are certain she is asleep?" Spock mumbled against Jim's lips as his hands slipped between them, fumbling with his pants and trying to get them unfastened. "Positive. I checked right after I got out of the shower," Jim assured. They had been sleeping in Jim's room and had moved Seren's crib into Spock's quarters next door, using it as her own room. They wanted more privacy, and she was old enough now that she didn't need to be watched at all times. Jim got his pants undone and slipped his warm hand inside, grasping his already half-hard cock, that same smirk firmly on his lips. "I could order you, Mr Spock," Jim whispered slowly and Spock narrowed his eyes. "As your First Officer, it is my function aboard this ship to observe and obey your orders, Sir," Spock responded, causing Jim's lips to curl in another smirk. Both of them sighed as a small cry echoed through the room. Jim had set up the comm. system so there was a one way link into Seren's room, working like a baby monitor. "I'll get her," he said, clambering off Spock and adjusting his towel a bit. "How we ever found time to make another one of those I have no idea," Jim grumbled as he headed for the adjoining door to check on the baby. Jim didn't sing in the shower anymore. Spock listened to the water running and the silence surrounding it as he lay in bed. Jim's side was still warm, and smelled of him strongly. Spock now knew what he'd done wrong, that Jim hadn't wanted him to leave for such long periods of time, but he had no idea how to fix it, where to begin fixing it. He couldn't travel back in time and never go on missions, so he was at a loss as to what other solution there could be. Last night he'd held Jim as he slept, got closer to him physically than he had allowed so far since he'd been home, but it was going to take a lot more than that to fix things. Jim was worried sick about Leo; that much was obvious, perhaps he'd just needed Spock's comfort and had no intention of fixing their relationship, if Spock showed him he could rely on him once again things would naturally improve. The running water stopped and Spock sat up in bed, looking expectantly at the door of the room, waiting for Jim to come back. He didn't. He went out of the other door and down the hallway, Spock listening to the sound of his retreating footsteps and wanting to punch himself in the face for hurting Jim so much that he would barely speak to him. Jim checked on Leo before getting himself some breakfast. His son was still sleeping, and had a better colour in his face than he had the previous evening. Deciding he wasn't hungry, Jim made himself a cup of coffee. Black, strong, and just a little bit too hot as it passed his lips, leaving his mouth stinging slightly. As Jim sipped his coffee at the breakfast table Seren crept into the room, wearing pyjamas that he recognised as belonging to one of the twins. "You forget your pyjamas in Chicago?" Jim smiled as she sat down opposite him. "Yes. Though I'll be able to collect them later when I return to collect the rest of my things. I'm going to stay here to supervise and assist with Leo's treatment and surgeries, I have already informed the hospital in Chicago of my intentions and they are not opposed," she said and Jim nodded. He'd expected as much. Seren was fiercely protective of both her younger brothers and he knew there was no way she'd allow another doctor to be in charge of his treatment, even Bones. "I'm glad it's you and Bones treating him, feel like he's got the best possible chance; and this vision thing sounds really promising," Jim said, his voice coming out decidedly unenthusiastic as hard as he tried to inject some positivity into it. She looked at him sympathetically then reached across the table and took both his hands in her own. "I promise you he'll make it," she said quietly. He broke the eye contact and retracted his hands, clasping his coffee cup as if it was a priceless artefact. "Don't ever make promises you can't keep." He rose to his feet and downed the rest of his coffee in one, straightening his uniform and keeping his eyes on the ground as he headed towards the door. Seren sighed and leaned back in her chair, about to leave the room as Spock appeared in the doorway Jim had just gone through. "Did he speak to you?" she asked. "He did not so much as look at me," he said as he sank into Jim's recently vacated seat. "He is convinced Leo is going to die," she said slowly and Spock kept his eyes locked onto hers. "I am not convinced either way," he said and she nodded. "If it were any other person, I would agree with Jim, but Leo has so much strength in him… he won't give up, he'll fight as hard as he can until his very last breath, I know it, and that last breath wont be for a very long time, not if I have anything to do with it," she said firmly and Spock stared at her. "You sound like Jim so much sometimes, your determination, your drive, your loyalty," Spock said as he looked at her carefully. "I am like you both in different ways," she said, getting to her feet and going to check on her brother. Leo was just beginning to wake up as she crept into his room. "Jim?" he asked tentatively. "No, it's me, Jim's gone to work for the day," she said as she walked over to him. He sat up and stretched. "How are you feeling?" she asked nervously. "I feel pretty damn good. A little groggy, but I need a few minutes to fully boot-up before I can really give an honest answer," he said with a smile. She couldn't help but smile in return. He had always been so completely adorable in the morning, with his hair all over the place and his face completely relaxed. She just wished Emily felt the same way for him as he obviously did for her. He'd been so obviously besotted with her from a young age and Seren always wondered why he'd never made a move. "You sure you're not lying to me?" she asked and he shook his head. "Honestly. I feel fine, no more nausea, no headache right now, I feel fine." His face didn't suggest that he was lying, so she accepted his answer as the truth. "Where's Chris, is he here?" he asked and she shook her head. "No, not yet. He went home last night and nobody has talked to him since then. I'm going to get those cell samples from him later today and then I can get working on helping you see," she said and he grinned, scratching his head and messing up his hair even more. "I can't wait." "I'll leave you to get dressed and everything," she said, leaving him alone and breathing a sigh of relief that the treatment wasn't making him too sick, at least not yet. David McCoy walked faster, fastening his jacket to try and keep out the cold. It may have only been mid-September, but winter was certainly approaching fast. He'd just been meeting with his instructor to discuss re-taking his pilot's exam for the third attempt, and was now heading home to sulk about the response which had been a resounding 'no'. He'd have to re-take the whole fucking year at the academy. Brilliant. He let his mind wander as he walked; wander to all the partying, all the drinking and the women and the time spent with Chris and sometimes Leo too. As his best friends, he'd rarely ever go a day without seeing at least one of them. But recently something had shifted; there had been a change in the way he felt. Something about Christopher was making him uncomfortable. He of course knew that as part Vulcan's they possessed telepathic abilities, but he could feel something strange resonating from Christopher whenever they were around each-other. Something that didn't make sense, as he was under the impression they had to be touching for his telepathy to be effective. He'd allowed both twins to mind-meld with him in the past, it was always an interesting experience, but the last time Chris had suddenly backed away. Even after he'd backed away, for weeks afterwards David could have sworn he could still feel the tiniest trace of his friends mind inside his own. Just as he was trying to move his thoughts onwards, his communicator sounded and he pulled it out of his pocket, the very object of his thoughts on the other end of the line. "Didn't think you normally saw this time of the morning," he smirked. "Oh well aren't you just hilarious," Chris responded. "What do you want?" David asked roughly. "If you're going to be so rude I can just leave you to it!" "No no I'm kidding. What can I do for you?" he asked with a sigh. "You want to party later?" David thought for a moment. "Not really. I'm not in the mood today," he said shortly and Chris groaned. "Why not?" "Because, Christopher, we partied too much this year, I have to re-do my entire year at the academy because I failed so badly. My parents are going to freak the fuck out," he muttered. "Oh shit. Sucks to be you!" "Fuck you Kirk," David hissed and his friend laughed. "Well if you ask pretty enough I might just let you," Christopher taunted. "Fuck off!" David snapped the communicator shut and crammed it back in his pocket. As he continued to walk home he tried to figure out why he was blushing redder than his cadet uniform. Christopher laughed to himself as David cut off his call, getting up from the couch and strolling over to the kitchen. He pulled out a box of cereal from the cupboard and a large glass mixing bowl, emptying the entire box into it before drowning it in a full pint of milk. He returned to the couch with the bowl balanced in one hand and a spoon in the other, ready to feast. He and Leo would do this occasionally. A gigantic cereal binge for no apparent reason other than being too lazy to cook any real food. Jim always found it hilarious, Spock not so much. Before he got comfortable on the couch the door buzzer sounded. "For the love of all that is fucking good in this world, can't a man eat his cereal in peace?!" he hissed as he put the cereal down on the small table in front of the couch, getting up and storming over to the door to answer it. "What?" he demanded as he hit the button to open the door. "Oh… uh... sorry, hi," he mumbled as he realised it was Spock standing there. "Is this an acceptable time to talk?" he asked, cutting the crap immediately in a way that let Christopher know he was really in trouble. Spock's dark eyes looked downright dangerous as he surveyed his eldest son. "I'm having cereal time, but as long as that doesn't offend you, you're welcome to come in," he said, stepping aside to let his father into the apartment. He entered the room and looked around before his eyes locked onto the giant bowl of cereal. "I can put it away if it bothers you," Chris offered and Spock shook his head slightly before sitting down on the other couch. Chris sat back where he had been a few moments ago and picked up his bowl, beginning to stuff his face. Spock watched him with what looked like mild curiosity until he was done. "Sorry, yeah, I needed that. What's up?" he asked, lounging back a little bit into the couch. "It has been brought to my attention that during my time away Jim has been far too lenient in tolerating your increasingly bizarre behaviour. From my understanding of his descriptions and the information I have available, I believe I may know what is causing you to behave so erratically," he said and Chris narrowed his eyes slightly. "What are you talking about? There's nothing bizarre about my behaviour, I'm just having some fun and that isn't a crime-" "You are being driven to mate. Am I correct?" Spock said matter-of-factly. Christopher snorted, unable to keep the smirk off his face. "If you want to call it mating, then yeah, I guess so," he said. "Why is my sex life any of your concern?" he asked and Spock raised an eyebrow. "Believe me when I say I have no desire to know any details of any particular activities you choose to indulge in. I am concerned because your behaviour would suggest you may be approaching something I did not encounter until I was much older than you are," he said and Chris sighed. He knew what Spock was talking about. The burning, aching desire in him that he couldn't get out of his system, the little murmur in the back of his mind telling him he needed to find his mate, his bondmate. "I feel it but I can suppress it. I ignore it… then it gets too much again, so I sleep with a few people, it goes away again, but then it always comes back. My mind and my body are searching for… I don't know. My bondmate I guess. I'm not ready for any of that though, I can keep pushing it down and-" "You cannot. If you continue to ignore it, you will enter Pon Farr and become consumed by the Plak Tow. I can only assume the reason your time is approaching so early is because you were never pre-bonded to a selected partner as a child. Jim forbade it; he stated that the three of you were to choose your own life partners when you were old enough. I warned him of the possible complications, but he would not listen." Christopher was silent for a few moments. "Why isn't this happening to Seren first? She's older, surely she should be first to experience this?" Spock looked at Christopher carefully before giving his answer. "The reason is because you have already met your T'hy'la. Your mind had already begun to form a connection to this person. Do you know who this person is?" he asked and Christopher laughed loudly. "It could be any one of the girls I've been sleeping with," he said and Spock raised an eyebrow. "If I were to enquire as to the quantity of-" "A hundred and seven," Christopher cut him off. He was certain he saw a faint green blush creeping into Spock's face. "It could be any person with whom you have shared such a strong physical connection. I would suggest that you find them, as you are already displaying symptoms of the early onset. Jim has informed me you have been using a medication incorrectly to attempt to control it. Do not. Do not ever do this again," he said firmly and Chris paused a moment before nodding. "I already said I was sorry to him about that," he muttered and Spock narrowed his eyes. "He did not mention your apology to me." "Well I'm sorry to you too then. I'm sorry to everyone for being a man with needs and I didn't know what was happening to me. Hell, I don't know pretty much a damn thing about my Vulcan side! Everything I know I had to find out from Jim because you were never here to explain it!" he found his voice raising before he could stop himself. He had recently been getting angry so fast that it scared him a little. "When Leo and I asked him about it he told us you… were aggressive. Am I going to be violent?" he asked in much softer tone. Spock tensed before opening his mouth and then closing it again, looking at his son carefully. "Do you recall your sixth birthday?" Spock asked and Christopher nodded. "Of course I do. We were staying with Uncle Pavel, because you were off planet and Jim got called to an emergency… oh," he said as realisation hit him. "That was my first experience of Pon Farr. My second was seven years and two weeks later, fortunately I was on Earth at the time. I will experience it again before the end of this year, as it has already passed the anticipated date. You must understand it is a matter of urgency that you locate your T'hy'la, your bondmate, as your mind has already selected them for you whether you are consciously aware of it or not," he warned and Chris screwed up his face. He could remember Jim coming home from an away mission with a split lip and an angry red mark on his neck, moving gingerly like he had maybe broken a rib or two, he said it was from a fight with a pissed off Romulan, but the timings would fit for Spock to have inflicted the injuries. "So you're telling me, it could be any of the girls I've slept with? And that I'm going to completely lose my mind?" "It is deeply personal. You may be affected very differently than I am. Discussing such things is very challenging," he said, looking incredibly uncomfortable and even guilty. "Why, because it makes you remember hurting him?" Spock froze, his eyes showing he was hurt by the comment even though his face remained stubbornly neutral. "I deeply regret the fact that I am unable to protect him from myself when I am overcome by the fever. I sincerely hope that you and your brother will not be affected in the same way as me. I am fortunate that Jim had always been accepting of the fact I am entirely out of control during that time and would never wish to hurt him deliberately," he said clearly and Chris nodded, running his hands through his hair and sighing. "Great. I guess I need to get working on figuring out who it is then," he said and Spock nodded. "Urgently. And if you could also please refrain from appearing in various states of undress in images which are to be published I would be most grateful," Spock said as he got to his feet. Chris couldn't help but smirk. He'd definitely bothered him alright. "No promises," he said as he also rose to his feet. He glanced at the time. He still had a few hours before he needed to get to the hospital for Seren to take details scans of his brain. "Whilst I cannot deny you are aesthetically pleasing, it does cause me significant embarrassment when I hear comments being made by others about your physical form," Spock said and Chris chuckled to himself. "Well, I can't help you with that I'm afraid. How are you and Jim doing? You made friends again yet?" he asked and Spock took that opportunity to excuse himself and leave the apartment. Christopher knew that would successfully get rid of him, and returned to the couch where he would sit and wait before spending the afternoon submitting to tests to try and give his twin his sight. "Did you talk to him?" Jim asked as Spock entered his office without knocking. "I did. I believe you were correct in your assumption that he is experiencing the very earliest onset of Pon Farr. I have explained clearly to him that he must find his bondmate." Jim breathed out slowly and ran his hands through his hair. "Does he know who it is?" "He does not." "Probably because he's drunk all the time he's around these girls he's been sleeping with… god damn it Spock, I'm such a fuck up. I completely neglected him, you know? I was always so focused on Leo… I wasn't fair to him. This is all my fault," Jim said and Spock cocked his head to one side. "Illogical." "Explain," Jim said, reaching into the bottom drawer of his desk and removing the silver flask he'd started to keep there, taking a large swig from it and putting it back. Drinking at work. He spent too much time around Bones for his own good. "If he was always going to seek attention, he would have done so regardless of parenting and external influence. I believe one day he will find where his true skills lie, and he will find his purpose, however as he has yet to do so, he is seeking our attention by behaving in a way which he believes will elicit the greatest response from us." "Still sounds like my fault to me," Jim shrugged and stood up, stretching slightly and adjusting his too-large grey uniform jacket. "I'm so worried about him, about both of them. Chris seems out of control, and this entire thing with Leo hasn't even begun to sink in properly yet and I just feel so-" Spock interrupted Jim by crossing the room to him and placing his hand on the side of his face. "Spock what are you-" Jim was silenced as Spock placed his lips against his, gently, tenderly. Jim froze and didn't kiss back, but wished he had when Spock removed his lips a second later. "You are an excellent parent. Never doubt your abilities," Spock said quietly and Jim gave a small nod. Spock used his thumb to gently caress Jim's cheekbone before retracting his hand. "I am… so sorry, Jim. I have reflected on our conversations over the past days and I wish to apologise again. I understand that I have no right to expect your forgiveness at this point or any given point in the future, but I ask of you, please do not shut me out. I wish to assist in supporting you at this difficult time, all I wish to be is a comfort to you, I will not request to reinstate our relationship in it's previous form and-" "Our relationship never changed, Spock," Jim interrupted and Spock looked at him carefully. Jim wasn't looking at him like he hated him, it was a nice change. "We're still married and bonded and T'hy'la and all of it… we just got a little lost along the way. I don't just want you there to support me, I want to support you too, that's what we need to do for each other right now, is just be there, and be getting along. I'm not angry anymore. I'm just… I'm scared Spock," he finished in a low voice and Spock felt a surge of emotion at the sickeningly-familiar words. He'd never forget the day Jim spoke them to him through the glass of the warp-reactor door over twenty years ago. "I… am scared too," Spock confessed as he took a small step closer to Jim, tentatively wrapping his arms around his waist and pulling him close. Jim wrapped his arms around him in return, burying his face into Spock's neck and breathing deeply. "You owe me nine years worth of waking up in the same bed," Jim mumbled and Spock smiled slightly. "I am fully aware and intend to rectify this error at the first possible opportunity," he said and he felt Jim smile against his neck before placing a small kiss there. "You promise you won't leave? Especially not right now?" Jim asked. The insecurity in his voice caused Spock pain in the knowledge that he had been the one to cause it. He pulled back far enough that he could look Jim in the eyes. "T'hy'la, I will not leave. I will provide support for you and our children as I should have done all along," he said sincerely and Jim smiled. "I'll hold you to that." Emily McCoy was bored. After living such an exciting lifestyle with the band, to be back at home and not doing anything was exceptionally dull. Her mother and father were both out of the house at work, Joanna was at work, and David had gone into the academy to meet with his instructor. The house was so silent it was almost painful. She glanced around her room. It didn't look like her room, there were no personal items, it could have been a hotel room. No pictures stuck to the walls. No gifts from friends or souvenirs from adventures away from home littering the surfaces. Just a neat and tidy room that hadn't been lived in for the better half of a decade. She took her guitar from its case and played for a while, enjoying the sound echoing through the house as it sounded much better than the silence. As she played her mind wandered. She didn't want to sit in the house all day by herself that was for sure, but she didn't really have any friends in San Francisco. Remembering her promise to Leo Kirk at her welcome home party she picked up her communicator and entered his frequency, waiting a few moments before he answered. "'lo?" greeted a deep voice, scratchy as if he hadn't used it yet that day. "Are you sleeping? Gosh I'm so sorry, I thought you'd be awake by now and-" "Emily? No, I wasn't sleeping I was uh… resting my eyes," he said, sounding a lot more alert. "So sleeping?" she asked with a smile. He chuckled. "Maybe. What can I do for you?" "Well… I'm bored Leo. Everyone is at work or out of the house, and I'm all by myself and I'm bored. Want to come over? We could… I don't know, make cookies or something?" she offered and he chuckled again. "Take it you haven't heard about my incredible culinary skills then?" "No, are you a good cook?" she asked and he actually laughed. "I can burn water. Honestly. I shouldn't be allowed in a kitchen. Period. Ever. It's just a disaster zone," he said and she found herself giggling. "Ok, maybe not cooking. We should catch up though, I mean, we didn't really get to talk the other night and we have like… seven years to talk about. You want to maybe meet for coffee or something?" she offered. "Yeah, I can do that," he said, maybe a little too quickly. "Do you know… uh… you know actually I don't know any coffee shops around here. Do you know somewhere we could go?" she asked. "Sure, I uh… should I text you the address?" he offered awkwardly and she smiled. "Yeah, that'd be good." "Alright, I'll send it now. Thirty minutes good for you?" "Sounds perfect." The call ended and she grinned as she received a text message a few moments later that was riddled with spelling errors. She got enough of the gist to figure out the address. She killed some time around the house sorting some of her things before pulling on her jacket and leaving in plenty of time to get to the coffee shop. It was a surprisingly cold day and she wished she's worn a larger coat as she walked the ten minutes to where Leo had told her to meet. He was already there when she arrived, hair still damp from being hurriedly towelled dry after his shower. He was wearing a grey hooded sweatshirt that was a bit too big for him, but it looked warm and complimented his golden skin tone nicely. "Hey stranger," she said as she slipped into booth sitting opposite him. "Hi," he said with a small smile. She found it amazing that his eyes would always follow the sound of her voice so he'd actually make pretty good eye-contact. There were already two cups sitting on the table and she smiled at the one in her place. "Hot chocolate with the little marshmallows. How did you know?" she asked and he smiled. "You're a girl, it's a girly kinda thing," he said as he picked up his own cup and sipped from it. "Well, good guess," she said as she took a sip of the drink. "You not having chocolate too?" she asked as he noticed his drink was different. "Uh… no. Chocolate does bad things to me," he said and she remembered. "Oh. It makes you kind of… drunk, right? I remember when we were kids and Joanna shared her chocolate bar with you and Christopher, you guys were messes and Jim went crazy," she laughed and he nodded. "Oh yeah. It doesn't take much of the stuff either, we're both really sensitive to it. I get to drink boring tea," he said as he set down the cup again. "Tea is good too," she shrugged and he nodded slightly. They fell into a slightly awkward silence until she spoke up again. "So… my Dad tells me you're studying Engineering?" she asked and he nodded eagerly. "Yeah. I'm in my final year, but I'm taking this semester off to… well, just spend a bit of time focusing on some other things," he said vaguely and she raised her eyebrows. "Other things like that?" "Oh just y'know... stuff," he said even more vaguely. "Leonard James Kirk, do not make me torture you for this information," she warned and he grinned. "You haven't changed a bit," he said. "No. I haven't. Now spill." "Well… Seren has been doing some extensive research, and it turns out she may have found a way to make me see. So. I'm being her test subject for a little while to see if it works. I mean, it'd sure as hell make life easier," he said and she leaned back into the comfortable padding of the booth. "If you don't mind me asking, how do you… I don't know, cope? I mean I don't know if I could manage without being able to see," she said and he shrugged. "I don't know what I'm missing out on. I have a good memory and pretty good intuition, the rest of it is just… faith, oh, and a lot of tripping over, knocking things over, and generally making an ass of myself, but you know, can't complain, life is good," he said and she smiled. "You're such a trooper Leo." A faint green tinge crept into his cheeks and she laughed loudly. "Are you blushing?" "No!" he protested quickly and she laughed again, poking his arm where it rested on the table. "I think you are. Anyway. Tell me about what you've been doing, what I've missed while I've been away. You certainly look a little different to when I left," she commented as she let her eyes take him in properly. "Is it the beard?" he asked, scratching his chin with his thumb and forefinger. He had maybe two days worth of sand-coloured stubble adorning his face. "I don't know if I'd call it a beard," she smirked. "Oh come on! It's totally a beard. Just because it still won't grow any more than this isn't my fault," he laughed. "Maybe I'll actually get to puberty one day and then I can grow a bad-ass beard," he said thoughtfully and she laughed. "You're strange," she said, shaking her head and taking another sip of her hot chocolate. "No, I'm Leo," he corrected playfully and she smiled again. She couldn't tell if he was flirting or not, it certainly seemed like it, but then on the other hand he seemed too innocent to even know what flirting was. They spent almost two hours talking and laughing, sharing stories about the past few years, catching up. Emily decided he was definitely trying to flirt, and doing a pretty good job of it too. She found herself blushing on more than one occasion, giggling all the time, and feeling strange little butterflies in her stomach that she knew she needed to take control of. Leo was getting quieter and quieter though, listening more than he was speaking, and Emily had noticed. "Hey are you ok? You haven't said much in the last ten minutes or so," she said and he blinked hard. "Yeah I'm fine, just a little tired," he said and she looked at him carefully. He didn't look tired, but he looked a little paler than earlier. "Actually, I'd better go, I need to start working on trying to find a job or something," she said with a small sigh. "You going to find something music-related to do? While you try and find another band?" he asked as they both slid out of the booth and grabbed their jackets. "I hope so. I'd love to be in a musical or something, that'd be really great," she said and he smiled. "Like the theatre?" "Yeah. I don't know, it just always seemed like a lot of fun," she said and he nodded. "Don't tell anyone but I totally love musicals, especially the good old ones. I listen to them in secret," he confessed with a shy smile and she found herself grinning again. "I mean Jim knows, but then he loves them more than me. Never have I known another man who knows all the words to every song in Hairspray," he said and she giggled. "Now I totally have an image of him dancing around the kitchen making breakfast and singing 'Good Morning Baltimore' to himself," she said and Leo laughed. "Worst thing is I've caught him doing just that," he said as they reached the door. He fumbled a little but got his bearings quickly and held it open for her, leaving her slightly taken aback as he waited for her to go first. "Thank you," she said as she gently touched his arm to tell him she was through the door. He followed and nodded quickly. They walked back most of the way together, still talking and laughing until they had to split up to go to their respective homes. "Well, I need to go this way now. Thank you for this, it was good fun," she said and he nodded in agreement. "Yeah, definitely. We should… I don't know, hang out again sometime. Maybe have a big musical movie night or… y'know, or not, entirely up to you," he said and she noticed the faint green blush building in his cheeks again. "That sounds really good," she smiled. "Great! Well, you know where to find me," he said and she nodded. "Yes I do." "Bye then, I mean; you know, not bye as in goodbye because it isn't… uh… see you soon? … but I guess not see because I can't… so uh… yeah. Um… help?" he stuttered and she found herself biting her lip to stop from laughing too much. "You really don't hang out with girls too often do you?" she said and he shook his head. "Unless my sister qualifies as a girl, no ma'am." "Well I'm kind of like your sister, so I don't qualify either," she said. It was more to convince herself than him. Ok. So he may have grown up to be a rather attractive young man. A very attractive young man. But that didn't change the fact they'd been best friends as kids. They'd known each other their whole lives. They were practically siblings with how close their families were to each other. And you have a boyfriend! Emily mentally scolded herself. She tried to tell herself she hadn't noticed the obvious disappointment that flickered briefly across his face before vanishing as quickly as it had appeared. "That's very true, I'm pretty sure they even used to make us all sleep in the same bed," Leo said with a sigh. "Yeah. There's a picture on the wall in your living room if I remember correctly, all six of us asleep in one big double bed. It's the sweetest damn thing I've ever seen," she smiled and he locked his eyes onto hers. "When I can see I'll make sure it's one of the first things I look at," he said determinedly. "When and not if?" she said and he nodded. "It's going to work, I just know it," he said positively. "It will," she agreed, reaching out to touch his upper arm in a friendly gesture. It was more muscular than she expected and she withdrew her hand quite quickly as she found herself wondering what he would look like wearing nothing but his lopsided smirk… "I'll talk to you soon," he said as he took a step back. "Real soon," she agreed as she went her own way and started to walk home. When Leo arrived home he kicked off his shoes by the door, removing his jacket and dropping it somewhere between the front door and his bed. He was so tired that it physically hurt him. He knew it wasn't going to get any easier. That morning he'd woken up, managed to stay awake for around half an hour before crawling back into bed until he'd been disturbed by Emily. Ignoring the way his mind was counting down to his next chemo session the following day he curled up in bed, still fully clothed. Emily had obviously figured out something was wrong with him, so he knew he needed to get better at hiding it if he was to keep his illness quiet. He could still practically feel her hand on his shoulder where she had touched him. Snap out of it, you big idiot. She was right, she's as good as your sister in the same way you think of David as your other brother. Except she isn't. Except for the part where I'm in love with her and probably always will be. Leo forced his mind to empty. He needed to rest. Placing his other hand on the place on his upper arm where she had touched him, he closed his eyes and allowed the tiredness to finally pull him under, the sweet sound of her laughter still ringing in his ears.
A/N Busy week! Glad I've finally got something to post for you all. Bit more Jim/Spock in this one, and a smut warning I guess, though it isn't all that graphic or long of a scene (though we'll get to that soon enough ;) ) Thanks once again to everyone who took the time to review the last chapter. Reviews definitely mean more than ever to me right now because this story is MUCH more difficult to write than the last one, I mean, all the OC's, mixing storylines, all very new to me! It's late as i'm posting this and I wont get to proof read and correct until tomorrow morning, so if there are any silly errors please ignore as they'll be fixed very soon :) Chapter Seven "Daddy, what's dead mean?" Jim looked down at his young son and sighed. "It means kind of like when you go to sleep, but you don't wake up again. It means you're not alive anymore," he explained gently. "But why don't you wake back up?" he asked as he looked at the headstone in front of him. "Death means that the body is no longer functional Christopher, no longer able to sustain life," Spock said bluntly and Jim glared at him. "Gee, thanks Spock, way to explain it gently to them," he said sarcastically. "I do not believe we should, what is the term… 'sugar coat' explanations of such things," Spock said and Jim looked away from him and back to the grey headstone. Shoving his hands deeper into his pockets Jim walked quicker through the cemetery grounds. September had quickly become October and the ground was littered with partially decomposed leaves that crunched under his feet as he walked. He stopped in the familiar spot and took a deep breath. "Hey. Sorry it's been a while… I've been busy. Life just… gets in the way sometimes," he sighed as he looked at the headstone. It had been over a year since his last visit and he felt guilty about it, he'd intended to come here more often. Christopher Pike. There were no other words. Not even dates of birth and death. They weren't needed. The grand grey marble stone bearing just his name was perfectly befitting of Jim's original inspiration to join Starfleet. "I… I guess I'm here to say I'm sorry to you, for letting you down. I'm going to have to leave Starfleet. I have more important things to do now, Leo is really sick, and I want to spend as much time with him as I can before… well… just in case the worst case scenario happens." Jim shivered a little and pulled his coat higher around his neck. "It just feels wrong you know? Leaving. I always wanted to get back out there, but things aren't the same anymore. I don't feel like I could sit in the chair and deal with the situations I used to deal with… I've spent too long behind a desk. Feel a bit like I've lost my edge," he said, glancing at his watch. He stood in silence for around ten minutes. Reflecting. Trying to make sense of things in his jumbled mind. "I have to go," Jim said quietly. He turned and walked away in the pale morning light, towards his car to drive to the hospital. "I hate this so much," Leo said through gritted teeth as Dr McCoy carefully removed his IV. "I know kid, it aint nice. You're doin' good though. You want a hand?" he offered and Leo shook his head, gripping the arms of the chair tightly before forcing himself up onto his feet. He lasted about five seconds before sitting back down, a wave of nausea washing over him. "Think I'm gonna puke," he managed to warn before he followed through on his words, the doctor holding a plastic basin for him as he emptied his stomach. He gasped for air, knuckles white as he gripped the chair for support until he was done, dry heaving but with nothing left to come up. The doctor handed him a plastic cup of water which he used to wash his mouth out, spitting into the basin then taking a sip from the water, followed by a deep, steadying breath. "I hate this," he muttered. Bones sighed. This was the first day he'd seen Leo this negative about his treatment. It seemed the tiredness, the nausea and the constant aching in his limbs was finally wearing him down. "Sorry. I'm good now. Is Jim here yet?" he asked and the Doctor offered him his hand again, this time he took it and allowed him to help him to his feet. "Haven't seen him kiddo. You told him ten right?" "Yeah, ten," Leo nodded, letting go of the doctors hand and using both his hands to push his sweaty hair off his forehead. How his hair hadn't fallen out was beyond the realms of the doctors understanding. The dose of chemotherapy being used was so potent it should have certainly caused his hair to fall out, but the kid was stubborn and seemed to be refusing to let it. "You know you only have five more of these, right? And then we're going to… you know, go ahead and try to remove it," he said and Leo nodded slightly. "Yeah. I know. I'll be glad. I'd rather have my head cut open than keep being poisoned three times a week," he said and Bones put his hand on his shoulder. "Keep it up kid, you're almost there." Jim arrived five minutes later and barely spoke a word. Bones knew something was wrong with him, but didn't ask questions; Jim had enough on his plate without him nagging him. "Have you heard from Chris at all?" Leo asked Jim as they got into the car. "Uh… not for a few days. Has he contacted you?" "No. It's kind of… weird. It's like he's ignoring me. I sent him a comm. but I got nothing back." "Guess the bright lights of New York have got him distracted," Jim said quietly. Leo wasn't thrilled when Christopher had announced he was moving away, but he'd signed a temporary contract to a different modelling agency and they were getting him a hell of a lot of work, the only problem being all the work was in New York City. He'd be gone for another few weeks before his contract allowed him to move back home. Jim was quite obviously unhappy about his son moving so far away, to a city where he didn't know anyone, but Christopher told him he needed to go and make his own mistakes. Spock had gone so far as to go to New York and hunt Chris down, telling him he had to come back immediately. He'd returned alone, so Christopher obviously hadn't listened. The only reason Leo was slightly grateful for his brother being away was that he didn't have to explain to him about his illness. He'd managed to maintain acting normally around him until he left, but the chemo was well and truly affecting him now, and he struggled to keep up any kind of normal behaviour. "Are you doing anything for the rest of today?" Jim asked and Leo nodded. "I'm meeting Emily tonight, but other than that, no nothing, just resting," he said and Jim smiled to himself. "You see her quite often," he pointed out. "She's a good friend," Leo dismissed. They had become firm friends in the time she'd been back, realising that though they had spent years apart they had never really changed. "Just a friend?" "She has a boyfriend. And it isn't me. So yeah, I'd say just a friend." Jim was quiet for a minute before speaking again. "You like her though don't you? I mean… you always did as a kid." "I like her as a friend," Leo said stubbornly and Jim smirked. "A friend you want to be more than friends with?" Leo sighed. "I want more than anything to be more than friends with her. You're fully aware of that. The trouble is I'll never be good enough for her, even if this sight treatment works, even if I survive beyond Christmas, I'll never be the right guy for her or it would have happened by now. I can accept that, I have accepted that," he said and Jim shrugged. "Just the way she looks at you lately… I don't know if there is a boyfriend, I think he's fictional to make you jealous," Jim thought aloud. "Well I don't see the way she looks at me so I don't care," Leo muttered. His head was throbbing, his body was aching, he felt sick again and he was so tired it physically hurt him to keep his eyes open. Jim knew when to shut up, and he did, driving them both home. He noticed Leo falling asleep in the car and knew he'd need to either wake him or get Spock to help carry him into the house. Even with the weight he'd lost Leo was still heavier than Jim by a substantial amount. Spock, are you at home? Jim only had to wait a few moments for a response. They'd been using their bond more frequently to communicate and Jim found it comforting, he was also beginning to enjoy Spock's company more and more and although they hadn't had any kind of sexual contact, he'd found himself wanting to be in physical contact with him. To touch him, even to kiss him. I am, T'hy'la. Are you on your way with Leonard? Yeah. He's fallen asleep in the car; can you help me move him? We're about two minutes away. As Jim parked in the driveway Spock was waiting for them and gently lifted Leo out of the car and over his shoulder as if he weighed nothing at all. He carried their son up the stairs and to his bed where he carefully placed him down, Jim removing his shoes and then pulling the blankets up and tucking him in. "I hate seeing him like this," Jim sighed and Spock nodded in agreement. "It is… unpleasant to witness him in such a condition," said Spock and Jim bit his lip and looked at the ground. They hadn't really discussed their worst fear, but the unspoken words hung heavy in the air of the room like a thick winter's day fog. Their fear that Leo wouldn't make it. That the chemo would fail and the surgery would fail and he'd die. "I'll be so lost without him if he doesn't pull through," Jim said quietly and Spock reached for his hand. "Do not think about it." "I can't help but think about it Spock! Look at him. He barely eats and when he does its only a matter of time until he's sick, he sleeps for most of the day, he's barely strong enough to walk ten minutes… I just… watching him go downhill like this, so quickly, it's the worst thing I've ever had to see. The hardest part is being so helpless. I mean… a month ago things were so different for him, he had his whole life to look forward to… but now that could only be a matter of months. What… what if he doesn't make it? What if we never get to see him get married? Have kids of his own? All these things that everyone takes for granted. What if he never gets to see?" Spock used his thumb to brush away a single tear that had escaped onto Jim's cheek. "I have no answers to your questions," said Spock as he looked down at the young man in the bed, his face a sickly green colour against the white of his pillows. "Talk about me somewhere else, m'tryna' sleep," he mumbled sleepily, rolling onto his side and pulling the blanket higher so it covered the bottom half of his face. "Sorry," Jim said quickly. He hadn't realised Leo was awake, and if he had, he wouldn't have said anything he had just let slip. "S'ok. Just… stop stressing? I'm going to be fine, this part just really sucks," he said quietly and Jim nodded. "I know. I know you'll be ok; it's just really scary to think that you might not be… I want you to have a… long and… y'know, prosperous life," he said, not missing the small curl of the corner of Spock's lips as he played on the Vulcan greeting. "I will. I'm going to grow up and have ten kids and get married and do all the stuff I'm meant to do. Quit worrying Jimbo," he said and Jim smiled weakly. "You got it boss." Jim and Spock left him to sleep, returning to their own room where Jim sat awkwardly on the edge of the bed until Spock took a deep breath as if to say something. Jim beat him to it and spoke first. "I think I'm going to resign from Starfleet." Spock raised both eyebrows so high they were in danger of being lost behind his hair. "Please, elaborate," he said and Jim looked down at the floor. "I want to have more time to spend with Leo. I mean, the admiralty hate me for squashing all of my hours into four days as it is, but the fact is that he needs me, he needs us more and more to help take care of him as he… gets weaker," Jim said solemnly. "I understand, however it is highly illogical to give up your career due to this. Seren is more than capable of caring for Leo, and my own working hours allow me to spend more time at the house than you. Between the two of us we can provide care for him when you are at work," Spock said and Jim sighed. "I know. I know you only teach a few classes a week, and that Seren is here most of the time apart from when she's checking on the… experiment…" Jim shuddered slightly. Seren had showed him the piece of cloned brain as it developed and it creeped him out, even made him a little squeamish. "It's just that I want to be here. I don't want to be at my desk, I can't focus at my desk. I want to be here to look after him myself. I want to spend as much time with him as I can," he said and Spock sat beside him. "You would be unhappy if you were to resign, I know this to be a fact," Spock said as he placed his hand on Jim's knee. "Probably. But I'm unhappy every hour I sit at that desk and think that if he slips away it's another hour with him I'll never get the chance of again. I can't regret that for my whole life Spock, I honestly can't. But I can't choose. I went to see… Admiral Pike this morning, to try and decide, but he didn't have any answers." "As the Admiral has been dead for over twenty years it is unlikely that he could have provided you with a solution," Spock pointed out and Jim couldn't help but chuckle weakly. "You're right. I don't know why I went there, it was stupid. I just… I've been thinking a lot about my original reasons for joining, the reasons he pointed out to me that day in Iowa… and I feel like I've lost my way. I've been so caught up in everything, in being mad at you, in being 'Dad' half the day and 'Commodore' the other half that I kind of… forgot who I am," he finished weakly and looked up at Spock who's eyes were fixed on Jim's left hand, where the well worn gold band was back where it belonged around his finger. "Oh… yeah… I put it back on this morning… felt so weird without it I didn't want to leave it off anymore," he said nervously and Spock looked up at his face, deep brown eyes locking onto his own clear blue orbs. "You are James Tiberius Kirk, the one and only. Captain of the USS. Enterprise, the youngest ever Captain and then Commodore. You are a most valued asset to Starfleet, able to generate bold and brilliant strategies where others draw a total blank. You are an exceptional father-" "Spock, I'm not exceptional under anyone's definition and-" Jim tried to cut him off but Spock continued talking. "Exceptional. Raising two children as model citizens and one who I am certain is simply in need of a bondmate to curb his more… carnal… behaviour before he too will become the brilliant young man I am certain you have raised him to be. You are a far too forgiving partner, as the longer I stay here with you, the longer I feel I do not deserve you after having left for so long and hurt you so-" Spock was cut off as Jim surged forwards, connecting their lips in a dizzying kiss and holding him like he never wanted to let go. Both men were breathless when they finally broke apart. "Do you want to… I don't know, do something later? Like we used to do?" Jim asked cautiously and Spock quirked an eyebrow. "There are a lot of things we used to do," he said matter-of-factly and Jim chuckled. "Well I was thinking if you're in the mood to say nice things about me we could go out somewhere and I could listen to you say nice things in a nicer setting," Jim smiled. "I recall you enjoying the colours at this time of year, perhaps an outdoor activity?" Spock suggested and Jim grinned. "I'm off all day if you want to go somewhere now?" "I regret that I must give one lecture at mid-day, however I will return as soon as it is complete?" Spock offered and Jim nodded. "Sure. It's a date then… I mean, I guess," Jim smiled nervously. He felt like a giddy teenager going on his first ever date, not a forty-five year old man who'd been married for fifteen years and bonded for even longer. Jim spent the day sitting watching holovids with Leo. He'd always found it curious that his son enjoyed them so much, given that he couldn't see them, but Jim never asked questions. Leo dozed through half of them, struggling to keep himself a comfortable temperature even with several blankets and the heat in the room turned up to an extent that had Jim sweating slightly. He had called Jim a genius when he'd brought him a hot water bottle, gratefully accepting the somewhat primitive method of warming himself instantly and shoving it down his shirt. Spock arrived home right on time that evening and kept his promise of taking Jim somewhere outdoors. The pair materialised in the middle of a familiar place and Jim grinned widely. "Yosemite! Spock we haven't been here in years," he sighed wistfully as he turned to look around. "You always enjoyed this place," Spock noted. "I love it here. One of the advantages of living so close I guess, but then having a genius son who can create a handheld transporter device after even Scotty couldn't also comes in useful," Jim smiled and tucked the device into his pocket. It was late afternoon and the sun was relatively low in the sky, casting perfect 'golden hour' lighting through the forest. "Shall we walk?" Jim asked and Spock nodded, holding his hand out. Jim looked at it for a moment before taking it, loving the familiar feeling of warmth as their fingers meshed together. They walked for over an hour. Listening to the quietness of the forest, to each other talking and their slightly heavy breathing as they walked. They ascended the entire time; and now had a truly spectacular view over the park as the last of the golden evening sun ebbed away. The reds and yellows and browns of the leaves painted the landscape before them like a beautiful canvas and Jim found himself wishing he had his camera. Taking pictures was something he'd become heavily interested in over the years, and the house was full of images he'd captured, mostly of the kids. Ashayam, it is not since returning home that I truly appreciated the depths with which I missed you whilst I was away. Jim smiled to himself. "That mean you're staying?" he asked. Spock nodded. "As I have already stated on thirty-four occasions since my return, I will not leave you," he said and Jim smirked. "Only thirty four times? Feels like you've said it more than that," he laughed, giving Spock a playful shove and causing him to narrow his eyes. "If you are seeking a reaction from me I will not-" Jim silenced him by stopping walking abruptly, pushing Spock against a nearby redwood tree and slamming their lips together. He made sure to angle his hips forward so their bodies were entirely in contact, Spock sandwiched between the tree and his bondmate. Quick as a flash their positions were reversed and Jim found himself against the tree, Spock dropping to his knees before him, long slender fingers fumbling with the buttons of his pants. "Spock! We're outside," Jim giggled, half-heartedly pushing him away. "And as I am entirely aware of what you were intending to do to me, I do not see how our being outside is an issue," Spock retorted as he got Jim's pants open and began to tease him with the tips of his fingers through the thin fabric of his boxers, causing Jim to tilt his head back against the tree as his knees began to go weak. "All these years and I still forget you can read my damn mind," Jim chuckled and Spock looked up at him before glancing around. "Might I suggest that before we become too distracted by our activities that we find a more private location?" he said and Jim nodded quickly. "Yeah, right on the main trail might be a bad move," he agreed as he and Spock headed off the track and into the rapidly darkening forest. Jim felt positively giddy. He felt like he was falling in love all over again, and he knew he needed to stop, to take control, to remember all the nights Spock had been away but he just couldn't help himself. They walked far enough that the trail wasn't easily visible, and then stopped, Spock running his hand up Jim's arm and then onto his neck, finding its place on the back of his head, drawing their lips together once again. "I think you were right about to do something, before we moved," Jim suggested, and Spock smirked slightly. "I am unable to recall what-" "Don't bullshit me, I'm not in the mood for games Spock," Jim said in a warning tone. It had been a long year with only his own right hand for company, and Spock certainly owed him this at the very least. "And what is it that you are in the mood for, Captain?" Spock asked, raising an eyebrow. Jim practically growled and pushed Spock so he dropped to his knees. "Not Captain," Jim corrected as his fingers hurriedly finished unfastening his jeans. Spock grabbed at his jeans, beginning to pull them down as Jim noticed the tiny flecks of white light beginning to flicker around them. Spock had inadvertently hit the button on the transporter device in his pocket to send them home. "Shit," he muttered as they dematerialised, appearing a moment later in their thankfully empty living room. Spock scrambled to his feet as Jim hurriedly fixed his pants, looking around quickly just in case. Not a second too soon the front door opened and Seren walked in alone, looking at them both suspiciously. "What have I just interrupted?" she asked and Jim blushed pink. "N-nothing! We just got home," he said, pausing to clear his throat as his voice came out way too high pitched. "You have a leaf in your hair," she said pointedly and Jim quickly ruffled his hair, grabbing the offending leaf and throwing it on the floor. "Are you home now for the night or…?" Jim asked, trying to be nonchalant and ignore the throbbing in his pants. "If you are requesting that I leave then-" "No… no you don't have to leave. I mean, why would you? Nothing is going on here but I… uh…" Jim faltered. Spock stared at him but offered no help, his hair slightly out of place and doing nothing to support Jim's argument that nothing had been going on before she arrived. "Leo is at the McCoy's, I was invited to stay for the evening also, though I declined the invitation initially I think I'll reconsider," she said with a small smile as she backed out of the door and closed it behind her. "Shit," Jim breathed. "Though I agree it is highly unfortunate that she is fully aware of what she interrupted, I am sure she is aware we engage in sexual intercourse," Spock pointed out and Jim pulled a face. "What did I say about using the term 'sexual intercourse'?" Jim asked with a sigh. "To not do so?" "Exactly. Now the moment is gone. You've totally ruined it. It just sounds so… gross," Jim protested. "Perhaps I can find a way to return you to your previous state of arousal?" Spock suggested and Jim raised an eyebrow. "Well… what did you have in mind?" "You going to tell me what's wrong?" Leo asked through the silence of the room. He was sitting on the floor of Emily's bedroom; his back against her bed where she was laying sprawled out like she'd lost the will to live. "I don't want to talk about it," she sighed. "Sure you do, otherwise you wouldn't have let me come over tonight, so what's wrong?" he asked and she groaned, pulling her pillow over her face. She hadn't wanted to talk to anyone about it. "I can tell you've been crying too," he pointed out and she sat up. "How?!" she demanded and he chuckled. "You're sniffling a tiny bit, and your voice is a little scratchy… plus your Dad warned me when he let me in," he said with a smile. He tapped his fingers lightly on the carpet, trying to focus on ignoring the splitting pain in his head and the way he could feel sweat beading on his back though he felt frozen to the core. He was finding it damn near impossible to continue acting normally around her, but he would grit his teeth and force himself. He couldn't let her find out, he didn't want her to feel sorry for him, or worry about him, though he half-doubted she actually would. "How can you hear that?" she asked and he shrugged. "My eyes may not work, but my other senses have always compensated. I can hear really subtle things other people don't pick up on, little tones in their voices, come in handy to impersonate people," he said and she crawled to the edge of the bed, sitting so her thigh was only a few inches away from the side of his head. "So c'mon darlin', what's the matter?" he said in a good enough impression of her father for Emily to shove his head and laugh at him, causing him to grin in the way she'd come to adore, that made her heart skip a beat because he just looked so perfect. "Urgh… I just… promise you won't tell anybody?" she asked and he pulled a face. "I'll make you a deal, you tell me your problem then I'll tell you a secret so you have something on me to use if I tell anyone what you've told me. Deal?" he offered and she laughed again, leaning back to lay flat on her bed with her head dangling over the side, around a foot away from his and tilted towards him to see his face as she spoke. He was staring straight ahead at the wall. "My… boyfriend broke up with me," she sighed and he turned his face towards her. "Who, G.I. Joe? Why is that anything to be embarrassed about?" he asked and she sighed. "It's because of why he broke up with me," she said and he inclined his head expectantly. "Go on…" "Because I wouldn't sleep with him. He said I was… frigid. But I'm not, I swear, I just wanted to wait and-" "There's nothing wrong with that," he interrupted. He looked… annoyed. "I hate when guys pull shit like this! Urgh. No wonder people think all men are pigs. Listen, if you didn't want to have sex with him and he was pressuring you then you breaking up is for the best. What a complete shit-stain to try and bully you into it. You deserve so much better than that. Want me to kick his ass for you?" he offered and she smiled. Leo couldn't help his mind racing. Suddenly he didn't feel nearly so weird for still being a virgin at twenty years old, especially if Emily had been living away for so long, and touring with a band, no doubt partying too. "Thanks, but I'd kind of like to kick his ass myself," she said and he nodded. "Can you wait until I can see, so I can watch?" he asked and she chuckled, shuffling slightly closer to him. "So. Mr Kirk. Time for you to hold up your end of the deal," she prompted and he sighed and let his head droop against the mattress. "Hey! None of this bullshit! A deal is a deal," she said, prodding him in the shoulder with one finger and making him squirm. "Yeah yeah… uh… let me think of a good one," he said, falling silent for a moment. I'm in love with you? No. Too much. I might be dying? Also too much, don't want to make her cry again. I'm glad you've broken up with that piece of shit so now I can finally make a move? "I… pee sitting down?" he offered weakly and she snorted. "Yeah, and find me someone on this side of the universe who doesn't already know that! Chris told everyone already!" she laughed and he gasped theatrically. "Well shit, I thought that was still a secret! But I'll have you know it's difficult to aim without a visual reference," he shrugged but he was smirking at the same time. She shook her head and pushed her hair back off her face. He had her blushing again, something she was beginning to find impossible to avoid around him. She was grateful he couldn't see her when she went so bright pink. "A real secret, something nobody else knows," she said, shifting slightly closer again. He lifted his head and turned towards her, and if she didn't know he couldn't see her she would have sworn he was staring right into her soul with those damn deep chocolate-brown eyes. "I uh… hmm," he said thoughtfully, his tongue flicking out over his lips for the quickest flash of a second before he leaned towards her. "Where's your ear? I don't want anyone else overhearing this," he said and she took his hand and placed it on her ear, allowing him to lower his mouth right to it until she could feel the tickle of his exhales on her skin, sending shivers down her spine. He blew a loud, wet raspberry right into her ear and she grimaced, shoving him away as he started laughing. "You're a mean boy," she pouted and he smirked. "I'm sorry, it was just too easy," he laughed, holding his hands up in surrender as she snatched up her pillow, hitting him square in the face with it. "Ooooh, you're a bad person!" he said, pointing at her accusingly. "How?" she asked as he scrambled to turn around so he could back away from her. "You just hit a poor, defenceless blind guy," he said and she laughed. "You?! Defenceless?! I'm pretty sure you can defend yourself Leo," she said and he shrugged. "Never had to, but if it's a pillow fight you want… then, you know, I might have to oblige," he said as he lunged forward and attempted to grab the pillow from her, missing entirely and accidentally grabbing her side, she swung the pillow around and caught his head with it again and he laughed as he scrambled to his feet before tumbling onto the bed with her still hitting him with the pillow at every possible opportunity. They were both giggling as he tried to catch her wrist to stop the repeated onslaught of pillow hitting him in the face. "Come on… I… oh come on!" he cried as she hit him again. He finally caught her wrists and held them gently but firmly enough so she couldn't hit him with the pillow again and she dropped it. "Ha, I win," he grinned and she flounced back onto the bed, laying on her back beside him. She realised just how much she wanted him to stay in her bed at that moment. "Emily?" Carol's voice called through the closed door. "Yeah?" she responded to her mother. "Your father said no boys in your bed, especially not Kirk ones," laughed Carol and Leo smirked to himself. "She pushed me. Mrs McCoy," he defended and Emily hit his arm playfully. "Did not." "Did too!" "Did not!" "You hit me with a pillow!" he protested. "Emily, honey, can you keep your door open? It isn't that we don't trust you, it's just that… well… he's Jim's son, and if he's anything like Jim then…" Emily muttered something that sounded like 'for fucks sake' and stood up, crossing the room to hit the button to slide open the door. "There, happy? We aren't doing anything. We're just two friends hanging out. You don't make David keep his door open when Chris comes over," she sulked. "That's different sweetie. Like I said, Dr grumps is getting all fussy about it," Carol smiled and Emily shrugged, leaving the door open and walking back over to the bed and sitting on the edge beside Leo who was still laying diagonally across the bed on his back. "Are you sweating?" she asked as she noticed his hair was slightly damp around his forehead. "Hmm? No. I uh… no," he said quickly, pushing her hand away as she pressed her palm to his forehead. "You're burning up!" "No… honestly. I'm normally this temperature. Vulcan blood remember?" he said and she narrowed her eyes. "You're a bad liar," she said and he shrugged. "I'm not lying." "Yes you are." "Well yes I am, on the bed," he smirked and she sighed and rolled her eyes at his terrible joke. "Seeing as we aren't allowed to hangout up here because my Dad has gone completely paranoid, should we go put that movie on? I'll make the popcorn," she offered and he sat up, pushing his hair up and messing it and then nodding. He looked… uncomfortable. "Are you sure you're alright?" she asked and he nodded quickly. "OK. Movie time," she said, leading the way downstairs. In the time it took her to make the popcorn and return to where she left Leo on the couch he was shivering and unable to hide it. "Maybe you have the flu or something?" she suggested as she handed him a blanket. "Yeah maybe," he said as he covered himself with it. "I could get my Dad to-" "No really. I'm fine, it's getting kinda late and I don't want to bother him. Let's just watch the movie. Which part was it you're going for again?" he asked and she smiled. The first thing she smiled about was the fact he said they were 'watching' the movie, when really he was only listening to it, and the fact that he was actually taking an interest made her smile too. "Audrey, the main girl. I'll tell you when it's her," she said as she set up the movie to play. "And it was this week you have your audition?" he asked and she made a 'mhm' sound in the affirmative as she chewed on a mouthful of popcorn. "I bet you'll get it," he said and she rolled her eyes. "Yeah yeah, you're just saying that." "No really. I have a good feeling about it." "Well I have a good feeling about your sight treatment working. When you can see we'll have to go travelling, with David and Christopher too, go and see the world and then go and see some other worlds," she said and he nodded. "I'd like that," he said with an unconvincing fake smile that she didn't notice as she was watching the opening scene of the movie. The throbbing in his head was unbearable and he was losing control over his ability to hide it. "Ok this is her," she pointed out as her chosen character began to sing. Leo nodded, doing his best to still appear interested. He smiled as Emily sang along quietly beside him on the couch, subtly moving slightly closer to try and share some of her body warmth. "You cold?" she asked as she noticed. "Freezing," he admitted and she got up momentarily to turn up the room temperature. She sat down so close to him that their thighs were pressed together, joining him under the blanket. Under any other circumstances he would have been panicking about her being so close to him, but it was mere minutes before he fell asleep, his head lolling onto her shoulder being the first she knew of it. Initially Emily froze; unsure as to if she should wake him up or let him stay there. Finally ready to admit she was experiencing a huge crush on her childhood friend, she relaxed back into the couch slightly, pulling the blanket higher as she felt him shivering again. It was around half an hour before he stirred, almost as if he had woken up but didn't want to move. She reached up one hand to gently stroke his hair and he sighed contentedly, shifting to lay on his side with his head in her lap. "If my Dad catches you with your head in my lap like that he's going to skin you alive," she giggled and he sighed sleepily. "I can't see where my head is, so I'll play dumb," he mumbled. "You'll risk the wrath of Leonard McCoy over using my leg as a pillow?" "Anytime," he mumbled as he began to drift back off to sleep. Emily smiled to herself as she continued to watch the movie alone, Leo fast asleep with his head still in her lap. She must have fallen asleep herself because the next thing she knew someone was gently shaking her shoulder and the warmth of Leo's head in her lap was gone. "Hey, sorry for waking you, but I should probably go home seeing as it's like three in the morning," Leo whispered. She blinked sleepily. The lights had all gone off as well as the movie and the room was dark. "S'three in the mornin'?" she whispered, still half asleep. "Yeah. I guess we were both really tired," he whispered back. There was a moment of silence between them. "You should stay, we should just stay here," she sighed, stretching her arms out slightly. "I can't, I shouldn't," he whispered and she nodded. "I know. But my Dad is working tomorrow and I could sneak you out in the morning?" she offered. "I… it'd be wrong of me." "But how will you get home now?" she asked. "Walk. I have legs." "But it's dark!" she hissed and he chuckled. "It's always dark." "Smartass. Just… stay?" He was silent for a few long moments. "Can I have an extra blanket?" he asked and she smiled. "My bed is much warmer than down here." "You… want me to… sleep in your bed? But then where will you sleep?" he asked and she sighed before chuckling to herself. "You're so clueless it's adorable." I can't. Jim held his breath and gripped the bedsheets with so much force he was convinced he was going to rip them. You can and you will. He gasped as Spock's teeth sunk into his neck as he slammed into him once again, his hand stroking his length at a desperate pace. I can't! Jim whimpered. It was almost too much. Spock inside of him again, both physically and mentally, mind-numbing pleasure ripping through every molecule of his being as he tried to focus on maintaining any kind of control. "I… Spock, fuck," Jim gasped as Spock increased his pace, each and every thrust hitting exactly the right spot, making him see stars when he closed his eyes. He was trying to keep his eyes open though, to see the determination, the pure possessiveness on Spock's face. The dark eyes so much darker than usual, hair mussed, Vulcan control entirely gone to shit as he gave himself over to Jim in a way he hadn't done in a long time, their bond fully open and causing them both to feel slightly lightheaded as they lost themselves in each other. "Come," Spock ordered and Jim could have sobbed as his third orgasm in as many hours tore through him, the peak of the pleasure so high it was difficult to distinguish from pain. Gasping for breath he did his best to keep his legs wrapped around Spock's waist as he thrust twice more before hitting his own release, burying himself to the hilt and holding still as he bit his lip to stop the moans from escaping. Jim loved him in that moment. All control gone, bar that one little attempt at keeping quiet. "God… I am getting way too old to go that many times in one go," Jim panted as Spock carefully pulled out. The human winced slightly and the Vulcan caressed his arm apologetically. "Are you injured?" Spock asked as he lay beside Jim. Not injured, but I'm pretty sure I'll be limping in the morning Jim sent back through the bond, too tired to even use his voice. "It has been, regrettably, a long time since our last encounter of this nature," Spock said and Jim chuckled, shifting closer to him and wrapping him in his arms. "I know. Been so long I almost forgot what it even felt like. Totally worth the wait though," he smiled and the Vulcan placed a kiss on his forehead. They both lay in silence, listening to each other breathe as they both allowed their bodies to return to normal. "Did you hear Leo come home?" Jim asked suddenly and Spock took a moment to try and remember. "I did not notice anyone enter the house," he said and Jim slipped from his arms and snatched up his boxers from the floor, no doubt going to check. He returned a minute later. "Dirty little stop-out isn't here," Jim sighed as he crawled back into bed, re-settling in Spock's arms. "It is logical to assume he is with Emily McCoy. Perhaps she is offering him comfort," Spock suggested and Jim shook his head. "Bones told me Emily doesn't know about his illness. He goes over there and tires himself out pretending to be fine, she's oblivious to it all so he must be a damn good actor." "He managed to convince his own twin that he is fine," Spock pointed out. "True," Jim agreed, fingertips starting to trace small circles on Spock's side as he closed his eyes. "I find it odd that he'd stay over there this late though," Jim thought aloud. "As I previously stated. Perhaps she is offering him… comfort." Jim finally caught on. "Oh. Oh. Uh... maybe. Do you think that's what they're doing?" "Their time together has increased by approximately seventy-four percent. I have become aware of a large amount of giggling, flirtatious comments, jokes containing poorly-concealed innuendo and occasionally play fighting whenever she visits him here. A logical conclusion based on this behaviour alone would be that they have formed a romantic attachment," Spock said and Jim frowned. "I feel like he'd tell me. Especially if it was with Emily, he's wanted her for years… I think she's the only person he's ever wanted." "Perhaps," Spock said sleepily and Jim kissed his neck softly. "I'll ask him tomorrow, and talk to him about being… careful, I guess. I don't think Bones would take too kindly to it if he knocked up his little girl." Spock chuckled slightly. "I am certain the Doctor's reaction would be highly entertaining." "Yeah, until he hypo's someone in the eyeball! I mean, I'm sure Leo knows about all of this stuff, but he's never asked me about it." "You worry entirely too much, T'hy'la," Spock mumbled as he began to fall asleep. "Probably. Just… feels weird. Our babies are all grown up now," Jim whispered as he closed his eyes and tried to force himself to stop wondering if his youngest son had just left behind the last of his childhood innocence in Emily McCoy's bed. Please review if you feel that way inclined ;) Coming up next chapter: Christopher coming back to San Francisco with a bit of a bang, David McCoy making an alarming personal realisation and Leo taking a big step.
Chapter Eight Being woken by people arguing was never good. Emily kept very still as she listened carefully to the conversation going on outside her door, a heavy arm draped across her waist pinning her to the bed. She opened her eyes slowly and was met with Leo's face on the pillow beside her, still completely fast asleep, hair sticking up at all angles, breathing slow and even. She smiled to herself, resisting the urge to kiss his slightly parted lips. She was now fully aware of the fact she was crushing on her friend, in a big way. "Carol, I don't care. He can't sleep in her bed!" "Len, come on, I already checked in on them. They're both still wearing their clothes from yesterday, they probably just fell asleep watching a movie, I'm sure nothing happened," Carol soothed. Emily made a mental note to thank her mother later. "It makes me uncomfortable!" Bones protested. "I think you should trust them. I didn't hear a peep all night, and come on, it's Leo. He wouldn't do anything like that, and I don't think Emily would have deliberately had him stay over without asking our permission first. Get your panties out of their wad, Leonard, she's nineteen years old now, not a baby anymore." "Damn it Carol, you're way too soft! If I had my way I'd be grabbin' him by the pointy ear and draggin' him home to his father, and the only reason I'm not is because of…" he said gruffly and Emily listened to his voice trailing off down the hallway, unable to hear the end of his sentence. Her door hissed open and she closed her eyes quickly, pretending to be asleep as her mother looked in on them. The door closed again and she snuggled closer to the warm body sharing her bed, causing him to stretch and wrap his arm around her more tightly, shifting closer and nuzzling his face into her hair. Butterflies felt like they were going to erupt from her stomach at any moment. He tensed and then pulled away quickly, as if he had realised what he was doing. "Sorry, I uh… sorry," he said quietly, his voice scratchy and deeper than usual. "Mmm no, come back, you're warm," she protested, pulling him close again. She felt him smile against her neck. "I'm a cuddly sleeper, apparently," he mumbled and she smiled. "It's nice. Sometimes everyone needs to cuddle." They were silent for a few minutes. Leo's heart was pounding and his mind racing. I'm cuddling. With Emily. In her bed. Her actual bed. Where I slept… with her next to me. He loved the way her body felt next to him, a perfect fit in his arms. The smell of her hair, strawberry shampoo as usual, the silky texture against his face. Too soon to ask her to be my girlfriend? I'll have to ask Jim. Oh god… Bones is going to castrate me. "Does… your dad know I'm here?" he whispered and she giggled. "Oh yes." "Fuck," he whispered and she poked him in the ribs. "Potty mouth." "Don't care," he stuck out his tongue and she grinned. "Is he going to rip off my balls?" he asked and she chuckled, resting her chin on his shoulder. "Probably. But if you're lucky you'll get anaesthetic," she chuckled and he yawned. "I can't wait. Jesus. Wish I hadn't slept in my jeans, not comfortable, might hurt less to cut off my balls," he grumbled as he shifted a little, trying to get some relief from the discomfort caused by the too-tight denim. "You're such a drama queen!" "Am not." "Are too!" "Am not!" "Yeah, you really are Leo," she said firmly, wriggling away from him and getting out of bed, stretching and yawning. "So… breakfast?" he hinted with an innocent smile and she grinned at him. "What is it with boys and food?" she asked and he shrugged. "Food is good," he answered simply. "Ooh. Do you have cereal?" he smirked and she rolled her eyes. David had told her all about Leo and Christopher's eating habits. Jim was at his desk when his comm. sounded. He'd been early to work that day. Leo hadn't come home at all the previous night, but he wasn't worried. He knew he'd either have slept at Christopher's apartment in the city or at the McCoy's. The fresh hickey on his neck, just peeking out above his uniform collar and the way he was walking with a spring in his step despite the occasional wince gave away to anyone who saw him just why he was in such a good mood. "Kirk here," he said cheerily as he flipped the communicator open. "Jim. Your kid is in bed with my kid. I don't like it and I damn well don't approve of it! You need to talk to him and tell him to keep his damn lecherous hands to himself," Bones grumbled and Jim smirked. "Wait… Leo is in bed with David? Well shit, Bones! Never saw that coming, I guess we'd better-" "Not David, you insufferable brat! Emily. He's in bed with my little girl! Carol said they were cuddling this morning. Cuddling. Under my damn roof! This aint acceptable Jim!" Jim sniggered to himself and flicked his tongue across his lips which were far too dry for his liking. "Uh… were they naked?" "No." "Did you hear them doing anything? Any… y'know, screaming, or moaning or mysterious bumps in the night?" Jim's smirk grew. "No but-" "I'm pretty sure they're just friends Bones… they were probably just hanging out and fell asleep. Leo is one hell of a cuddly sleeper, I mean I've woken up to him in my bed spooning with me before now; he just likes to be warm. I will talk to him though, he can't be staying over without asking first and not in her room if you don't give permission," Jim offered and Bones sighed. "I just… Jim I'd love it for somethin' to happen between them someday, just when they're older. He's the best, sweetest damn kid I've ever met… but I just… I don't want her gettin' hurt. I don't want her bein' in the middle of… y'know, everythin' that's going on right now, especially since she's got no idea about any of it just yet," Bones said and Jim nodded to himself. "Yeah. Sure. I understand that. Should I not talk to him? Do you want to?" Jim offered and the doctor sighed again. "Well, let's try and establish if we think anythin' is actually goin' on first. We should go out or somethin', all of us because we haven't done that for too long, and watch how they behave around each other. Chris gettin' home soon?" "Yeah I think he gets back either today or tomorrow. We could all go out… I don't know, tomorrow night?" Jim offered and Bones mumbled a yes before saying something about having to go to work. Jim let him go and continued with his work, feeling like he was getting through everything much quicker than usual. Scotty stopped by his office to talk to him about a new ship in the design process, making a crude comment about the marks on Jim's neck and beating a hasty retreat when Jim offered to explain in detail exactly what he and Spock had been doing in order to leave him with those marks. Jim looked up at the clock and upon seeing it was only quarter to ten, left his desk to hunt down a cup of coffee. Normally he would have had three or four by this point, but today it was his first, the residual glow of the previous night and the knowledge he and Spock were well on the way to patching things up keeping him contented and happy and without the need for too much excess caffeine. "Fuck," David whimpered as a very talented tongue circled the sensitive tip of his throbbing erection. "More," he hissed, trying to force their head down, grabbing their hair, short and soft and golden. "Ask nicely," Christopher smirked up at him from where he was kneeling before him. "I won't beg you," David said through gritted teeth and Chris' dark eyes glinted mischievously as he blew cold air on the wet flesh, causing David to grab at the wall behind him as his knees threatened to go weak. "Sure you will," Christopher mumbled as he agonisingly slowly took the entirety of his friend into his mouth, David's mouth falling open as he hit the back of his throat, a shaky exhale escaping his body. Chris swallowed hard and David let his head fall back against the wall, legs trembling as he tried to not let himself collapse. "Chris, please," he muttered, looking back down to see dark eyes fixed on his own blue ones. "That sounds kind of like begging," Chris smirked as he let David's cock slip from his lips. "Since you asked so nicely, I'm going to give you what you want. Get on the bed, now," he ordered and David couldn't comply quickly enough, crawling obediently onto the bed and laying on his back, looking up at the part-Vulcan expectantly. "Oh no. Flip over, and get on your knees," Chris said in a low voice and David forced back a moan as he did as he was told, feeling completely and entirely debauched as he put himself on show for his friend who climbed onto the bed behind him, pushing him forward so his elbows were on the bed with his ass in the air. "So well behaved," Christopher mumbled, trailing one rough hand over David's lower back and then down onto his ass, grabbing tightly for a moment before letting go. "I'm going to fuck you so hard you won't be able to remember your own name once I'm done with you," Christopher breathed, teeth gripping David's earlobe firmly and tugging as one hand circled his throat. "Fuck!" David cried out as he woke with a start, flushed and panting as his orgasm hit him. He went limp against his mattress as he took several deep, shuddering breaths, trying to calm his overexcited body. "God damn it," he muttered as he threw himself out of bed, the uncomfortable wet spot in the front of his boxers very obvious as he looked down. He quickly snatched up a pair of pyjama pants from his affectionately named 'floordrobe' and pulled them on before stomping down the hallway to the bathroom for a very cold shower. This was the third consecutive day he'd been woken by an extremely vivid dream. Normally, a sexual dream wouldn't bother him. He didn't care. He was only eighteen; these things would still happen from time to time. It was the other party in the dream that bothered him. Christopher George Kirk. In all of his undeniable sexiness. His best friend. Fucking him. And the worst part? He fucking loved it. David removed the pyjama pants and threw them aside as he switched on the shower, getting in still wearing his boxers and removing them once they were soaked through, balling them up and throwing them into the corner of the cubicle. Sometimes he'd forget he wasn't in his dorm at the academy. He closed his eyes tightly as he tried to rid the images of the latest dream from his mind. The first one had been almost two weeks ago, and he'd had a few more, but the last three nights in a row had him worried. "David McCoy you're straight, you don't want Chris Kirk," he muttered to himself as he washed quickly, the cold water bringing his skin out in goosebumps. The only problem was that no matter how hard he tried to convince himself, David had come to the conclusion that he did want Christopher Kirk. He wanted him very much. "Straight straight straight. Boobs. Think about boobs. And hot girls in short skirts… and not… pointy ears…" he trailed off his mumbled conversation with himself as he shut off the shower, grabbing a towel from the rail and roughly drying off with it before wrapping it around his waist and bounding downstairs to get himself some breakfast. He walked into the kitchen and paused as he noticed Emily and Leo sitting at the table, his sister looking undeniably gooey-eyed at the younger Kirk twin whose hair was all over the place and looked like he'd slept in his clothes. "So. You had a cosy little sleepover huh?" he asked as he put two and two together. Leo immediately fell silent and returned his attention to the stack of burnt toast on his plate. "Yeah. Not that it's any of your business," Emily said firmly and David smirked. "Dad'll kill you. Nobody is allowed to stay over, especially without asking first," David pointed out as he walked to the fridge and pulled out a box of eggs, setting them down on the counter and going to the cupboard to get himself a frying pan, deciding he wanted omelette for breakfast. If there was one skill he was pleased he'd inherited from living at home, it was the ability to cook well for himself. Emily had always been a terrible cook and he often wondered how she'd survived during the years she'd lived away from home. "She try'na kill you with her cooking there Leo?" he asked as he began cooking and Leo shook his head. "I like my toast like this. I always burn it deliberately at home," he said and David raised an eyebrow. "Oh yeah? Hmm. That's interesting. I remember you liking your toast barely cooked at all. Kind of like warm bread," he said and Leo blushed slightly. "Uh... yeah… I used to, but this is just perfect," he said as he took another bite. David could tell he was forcing himself to eat it. He looked… pained. Uncomfortable. A strange greenish tint lingering on his cheekbones. "You don't look like you're enjoying it," David shrugged. Leo finished the slice of toast he was eating and then stood up from the table, mumbling that he'd be right back before leaving the room in a hurry, knocking his shoulder into the doorway as he miscounted his steps. "What's wrong with him today?" David asked and Emily shook her head. "I don't know. Last night he fell asleep at like nine-thirty, we were watching a movie and he just like… flaked out. I've never seen him sick before or-" she stopped talking as she listened, the faint sound of someone coughing in the bathroom down the hall. "Is he throwing up?" David asked, pulling a face. "I don't know. Sounds like it," Emily said, running her hands through her hair and sighing. "So he slept in your room huh? Is he uh… identical in every department to Christopher then?" David teased. Emily had seen the picture of Chris in those tight white underpants too; it would have been hard to miss with it being flashed all over town, and David couldn't help but slip in the comment to see how she'd react. "Wouldn't know," Emily said flatly, taking a sip of her orange juice. "You mean you weren't fucking like horny rabbits in there?" David asked and Emily set her glass down hard on the table. "No. We weren't! We didn't even kiss, we didn't do anything. There's nothing going on between us David, so butt out of my damn business," she growled, standing up from the table and going to check on Leo. "Leo… are you alright?" she asked as she gently tapped the bathroom door. She could hear the water running and after a few seconds it stopped. The door slid open and she looked at him carefully. His face was still damp from where he'd obviously washed it and he was very pale. "I… should probably go home," he mumbled, scratching the back of his head and grimacing. "Were you sick?" she asked and he hesitated, looking conflicted for a moment, then nodding as he accepted it was pointless to lie to her. "Want me to call Jim?" she offered and he shook his head. "No, Jim'll be at work. I don't need to call anyone though, I can walk home, it isn't far and-" "Bullshit. You're not walking home. You're obviously sick. I'll get David to drive you-" "No. Emily really. I'm ok," he insisted and she sighed. She could see him visibly shivering as they stood in the doorway. "You're shaking," she pointed out. "No I'm not," he said stubbornly and she rolled her eyes. "Come here," she dragged him over to the sink and pushed a bottle of mouthwash into his hands. He accepted gratefully and washed his mouth out with the lurid green liquid, before then accepting the glass of water she was instructing him to sip, leading him back to the kitchen and forcing him to sit back at the table. David gave her a confused look as she left the room again, picking up a communicator on the side and calling a number she had saved only for reference and had never actually called. "Spock here." "Mr Spock… it's Emily McCoy. Leo is… um… here, and he isn't feeling too well, I don't know if he maybe has some kind of flu… I was just wondering if you'd be able to come and pick him up? He's talking about walking home, but I don't really want him to do that if he isn't feeling well," she said and there was barely any pause before the response. "Certainly. Thank you for informing me," he said quickly and Emily mumbled a goodbye before going back into the kitchen to find Leo scowling in her general direction. "Oh don't look so pissy. There's no way you could walk. Go see my dad too, get a flu shot or something, you need one," she said and he snorted, letting his head fall into his hands. "What? What's funny about that?" she asked and he shrugged. "Nothing… I… forget it," he said, falling into a stubborn silence until Spock arrived a few minutes later. "Trouble in paradise?" David smirked as Emily saw Leo out with barely a goodbye mumbled between them. "Fuck you," she hissed, storming up the stairs to her room and slamming the door as best she could with the stupid sliding mechanism that drove her mad. The next twenty-four hours passed in a blur. Emily didn't understand why Leo had suddenly closed off and shut her out and had tried to call him twice and got no response. Had she known the reason for his lack of response was that he had spent most of that time asleep or trying to stop himself being violently ill, she may have been less annoyed. Christopher had moved back into his apartment, and though nobody had yet seen him he'd spoken to Jim to inform him he was home. David McCoy was on his way over to Chris' place to meet him before they went out for the evening. Bones and Jim had called a big family get-together, and David had reluctantly accepted the invitation. He wanted to avoid Christopher, having had yet another dream about him the previous night. He didn't quite know how he'd face him and felt his stomach working itself into a nervous knot as he approached the apartment building. "God damn," David muttered under his breath as he noticed the part-Vulcan heading his way. It was raining, hard, and Chris's already tight shirt was soaked through and stuck to his body, every bulging muscle on show. He was running so hard David didn't know how he was maintaining it. Each step precise, leg muscles contracting powerfully as he propelled himself forwards; face set and determined. He looked downright dangerous. He ran right past David who was still staring at him and into the building, David following and frowning when the part-Vulcan turned around to face him, breathing hard as he finally stopped. "Well, don't you just look all scrawny," he said and David scowled, crossing his arms across his chest. Before Chris had moved away they'd been a similar size, but Chris had gained a somewhat ridiculous amount of muscle during the few short weeks he'd been gone. "And you look like a steroid-pumping asshole," David said through gritted teeth as he joined his friend in the elevator. Christopher snorted and ran a hand through his wet hair, flicking water on David who recoiled and glared at him. "Good to see you too man," Christopher said as they waited to reach his floor. "Yeah yeah, pointy-eared douchebag," David muttered as the doors opened. He did everything in his power to not look at his friends ass as he walked in front of him, but his tight running shorts did nothing to help with that and he found himself staring as Christopher let them into the apartment. "My brother moved back home?" Chris asked as he looked around the obviously empty apartment and David shrugged. "I don't know man, haven't seen too much of him." "Why?" Chris opened the fridge and pulled out a bottle of water, beginning to chug from it. "I don't know… we don't have all that much to talk about at the moment. He's banging my sister though and-"Christopher interrupted by choking on his water and spraying a mouthful all over the kitchen. "What?!" "He was in my kitchen yesterday morning after sleeping in Emily's bed, but then he seemed kinda sick and he went home in a hurry," David explained and Chris nodded. "He's been weird as hell lately. Maybe the last month, six weeks, something hasn't been right. It's just things like he's taking a semester off school, but wont tell me why, and he's blocked our mental link… he barely even talks to me, we haven't spoken in maybe two weeks? But anyway, he actually had sex? With Emily?" he asked and David shrugged. "I would assume so. He definitely had sex hair, and the way she was lookin' at him was that kinda look that would make either of us run away from a woman." "He always has sex hair; he can't see to fix it." "True," David shrugged again. "See I was beginning to doubt if he could have sex, he's shown no interest in it… like ever, it's weird." Christopher leant back against the kitchen cabinet and yawned, running a hand through his hair. He hadn't been sleeping and he knew why. He knew he couldn't hold back for much longer. His blood was burning and there was only so much he could do to keep the fever from consuming him entirely. He'd need to work quickly to find whoever it was that his mind was crying out for. "Are you going tonight? To this stupid… get together?" David asked and Chris nodded, taking another gulp of water. "Yeah I was just going to shower and get dressed." David nodded and Christopher looked at him carefully, their eyes meeting and lingering on each other for a few uncomfortable seconds before Chris walked away in the direction of the bathroom. David sat and waited on the couch until his friend was ready, and the two left together to reluctantly attend the meal with both of their families. Leo winced as his brother nudged him a little too roughly from across the table. "What the fuck is wrong with you? What have you lost like… twenty, thirty pounds?" "I don't know, not hungry," he said and Christopher looked at him carefully. "You're sick," he said and Leo shook his head quickly. "No, I'm not sick I just-" "Christopher, leave him alone," Seren interrupted with a sigh. "Make me," Christopher snapped and Spock raised one hand. "You are all, apparently, adults now. Stop behaving like children," Spock said firmly and Jim nodded. His piercing blue eyes were fixed on Leo and the way he'd pushed his food around his plate, barely eating more than a few mouthfuls. Jim and Bones had shot each other a meaningful glance when Emily had sat next to Leo. They didn't talk much, but the way she looked at him told both men everything they needed to know about the pair. She'd fallen in a big way, and she knew something was wrong with him by the concern all over her face. Jim was doing his best to be subtle as he tried to eavesdrop on their conversation. "So you got it then?" "Yeah, I did, but only just. I have to work on the acting side of it a lot, but the musical side is pretty good," Emily was saying. Jim leaned closer, pretending to be listening to whatever Carol was telling him about. It was Starfleet business and he wasn't all that keen on talking work during what was meant to be a social evening. "Well, yeah I mean… everything takes practice to get it right. I told you you'd get it though," Leo said with a smug smile. "Oh shut up," Emily said with a smirk. Bones cleared his throat loudly to interrupt the light flirting and Carol scowled at him. Emily seemed to become very aware all at once that her conversation was being listened to and immediately stopped talking, starting to examine her fingernails in close detail. Leo nudged Jim's leg under the table with his foot and Jim looked at him to see his face had paled dramatically. Jim. I need to get out of here. I need a distraction. "Uh… hey guys, I'd love to stick around longer but I need to get some stuff done before work tomorrow, and Leo needs to give me a hand with it," Jim said quickly. "Hey are you alright? Your nose is bleeding," Joanna pointed out to Leo who fumbled for a napkin and used to it to wipe his face. "I'm fine," he said stubbornly, dabbing at his nose again. "Bullshit," said Chris loudly and Spock looked at Seren who looked at Bones. "Leo are you-" "Emily. Shut up. I'm fine," Leo said harshly, stumbling to his feet and snatching his jacket from the back of his chair. A stunned silence descended on the table as he walked away, Emily looking like she was on the brink of bursting into tears. "Don't talk to my sister like that!" David yelled after him, but Leo was too focused to notice. "Jim-" Spock began as Jim followed him quickly, finding his son just outside breathing heavily, his hands curled into fists. "It's ok buddy, I got you," Jim said, putting one hand on his shoulder. "I… I can't anymore. I can't act… I can't, I'm not fine, it hurts, everything… hurts," he spluttered as he burst into tears. "Hey, shh, I know. I got you, it's going to be alright," Jim soothed, pulling him into a hug. He was relieved they'd chosen such a quiet place to go, the street was empty. "You tell people whenever you're ready to tell people," Jim said and Leo nodded against his shoulder. It had been nearly six weeks, and Leo had tolerated more than it would take to break most people. He'd almost finished his chemo, with just one treatment remaining, and then it would be a matter of surgery and careful observation. Jim didn't know how he'd done it. He'd seen Leo at his absolute worst, sweating and shaking with hot and cold, sick and unable to eat anything, in so much pain he was silent for hours as he focused his mind on coping with it, struggling to get out of bed, or up out of a chair, but he'd seen him dig deep to pretend he was alright around Christopher and Emily and David. The amount of strength he had shown was admirable, but Jim knew the hardest part was only about to begin. "They already know. Chris knows, Emily knows, they just don't know specifics," Leo said as he took a deep steadying breath and pulled himself together. "Well… people were always going to notice, you know? You've lost weight, you look tired, you sleep a lot more… there are things you couldn't hide about this. There's no shame in it. You're getting through, just… maybe it is time to tell them," Jim said and Leo nodded slowly. "Can we go home?" "Sure, let's get the car," Jim said with a sad smile, putting Leo's hand on his shoulder so he could lead him, sending a message across his bond with Spock. I'm going to take him home and come back; he's just a bit overwhelmed right now. Leo was shaking by the time Jim got him to the car and Jim removed his own jacket, draping it over his son's shoulders who put up a half-hearted struggle at not accepting it. I am highly concerned for his health. Is it wise for him to continue with the vision procedure? Surely he should focus on recovery at this point. Jim cranked up the hover-car's climate control to the highest setting and drove Leo home carefully. "Dad?" Leo asked, breaking the tense silence that had formed between them. "Yeah?" I can't stop him Spock, he wants to see and the possible cure is there, he needs to try it. "I… I don't think I want to carry on with anymore chemo stuff," Leo said quietly and Jim felt a cold wave of dread wash over him. "You…" he paused and swallowed the hideous lump forming in his throat. "You know that finishing the course gives you your best shot right?" Leo nodded and ran a hand through his hair, then held it out towards Jim so he could see the few strands that had come away as he'd touched it. "I don't want to be bald, and I feel like even one more is going to be too much," Leo said firmly and Jim sighed as he looked at the few golden strands of hair. It wasn't much, but if he were to continue with the treatment it would only get worse. "You're smart enough to make your own decision, but you do realise you'll be getting your head shaved anyway for you know… the surgery," Jim said and Leo smiled knowingly. "No necessarily." "What's that supposed to mean?" "All in good time Jimbo. You'll see. Or maybe I'll see. If I'm lucky." "I wish you'd tell me when you're doing that. I don't like all this secrecy," Jim sighed as he parked outside the house. "It's already done," Leo said and Jim frowned. "How did you… how did she… does Bones know?" "Yeah. He knows. We made him swear he'd keep it a secret. Seren is probably the smartest person alive right now. She used the transporter to beam that little piece of brain where it needed to be, then she beamed me across the room once it was in there, to make it all… integrate properly," he explained and Jim felt a surge of pride for his daughter and the ingenious solution mixed with a flash of annoyance that nobody had told him this was happening. "Bones was freaking out; he was having a complete panic attack that something would go wrong." "I think if I'd have known I would have too. Did it hurt?" Jim asked and Leo shook his head. "No. At least, I don't think it did. I don't hurt any more than usual," he shrugged. "I can't see anything yet, if that was going to be your next question. It needs time to like… all graft together properly apparently. I don't have a whole lot of hope for anything happening if I'm totally honest, but it has to be worth a try," he said as he hauled himself out of the car. Jim could barely look at the way every step seemed to hurt him as he made his way up to the house. By the time Jim returned the dynamic had changed entirely. The atmosphere at the table wasn't nearly as friendly as it had been earlier. Christopher had left before Jim arrived, Spock silently telling Jim that he had seemed in such a rage it was probably for the best. "I'm going to get out of here," David announced, getting to his feet and pulling on his jacket. "Where are you going?" Joanna asked and David shrugged. He has been behaving strangely the whole evening. Spock pointed out to Jim. Yeah… he has. I wonder what's up with him? Do you think maybe he knows what's going on with Christopher and his Pon Farr coming up and it's freaked him out? David said a hasty goodbye to everyone at the table before making a swift exit, pulling his communicator from his pocket as he did so. Spock watched him carefully, and as David turned to glance back at the table, unintentionally caught his eye. David is going to check on Christopher. He is highly concerned about him. Jim frowned. How do you know that? Spock leant back in his chair slightly and looked at Jim. I am beginning to suspect that David McCoy could in fact be Christopher's T'hy'la. Jim choked on his drink as he took a sip and Bones glanced up at him. "Y'alright Jim?" he asked as everyone fell silent as he began a coughing fit. "Fine- Bones," he spluttered. "I'm fine… just… thought my water would be better in my lung," he mumbled as he set the glass down. Hate to break it to you Spock, but Christopher doesn't like men… and I'm pretty sure neither does David. They're pretty much the two straightest men I know. Spock quirked an eyebrow. As were you, when we initially met. Jim did his best to hide the pink blush rising in his cheeks. Spock had a point. "Is everything alright?" Seren asked and Jim gave her a meaningful look. She knew they were having a conversation, but didn't know about what in particular. Her guilt immediately surfaced and she began to talk rapidly. "Look, if Leo told you about-" "He did. Congratulations on your pioneering new surgical technique, just, next time before you use your brother as a guinea pig, please warn any of us first?" he asked and she looked at Spock guiltily. "I was aware," Spock said and Jim's shoulders slumped. "You… knew. And you didn't think to tell me? No wait.. you actively… hid it from me? Why would you do that?" Jim asked and Bones raised an eyebrow. "Jim, I didn't know that he knew I-" "Bones. I'm not talking to you," Jim said coolly and Seren shrank into her seat. Spock held firm. "I believed the information would have concerned you, I chose not to share it." Joanna, Emily and Carol were watching the conversation with increasing awkwardness. "Spock…" Jim began but then closed his mouth, sending his message silently instead. We're going to talk about this later. "Have fun in the doghouse, hobgoblin," said Bones as he leant back towards his wife. "You're in there too Bones," Jim said in a warning tone before turning to his daughter. "I'm not exactly thrilled with you either Seren, I don't think that was fair of you to keep from me," he said and she nodded. "Understood. In future I'll be sure to release all confidential medical information to-" "Stop. All of you stop it," Emily cut in. "Leo obviously didn't want to tell you, so just let him do whatever he wants. It isn't Seren's fault he's a selfish asshole, she has to respect his decision to keep it a secret. Anway, I'm leaving," she said, getting up and storming out before anyone could stop her. "I think it's probably best if everyone leaves, you all need to cool off, Jesus, it's like something off a bad British soap-opera," sighed Joanna and Jim nodded. "Yeah. It's time to call it a night," he agreed and with a final glare at Bones he got to his feet. "That went really well, huh?" Joanna said to Jim with a sorry smile as they got outside. Jim sighed and shrugged. "Yeah. I miss the days when the extent of the arguments was who stole who's toy and didn't give it back," Jim said a with a small smile. "I know. It's strange having everyone back here and grown up. It's almost like Emily coming home and David dropping out of the Academy was the catalyst for everything changing," she said and Jim's eyes widened. "He dropped out? Why?" he asked and Joanna froze. "He… didn't tell you? Oh well shit! Now I feel like an asshole," she sighed and Jim shook his head. "No. Why did he do it? What happened?" "He failed his pilots exam again, and he was told he had to repeat the year. But he decided to defer for a semester while he thinks about what to do… but… I mean from what I understand he isn't planning on going back." Jim frowned. David McCoy had incredible potential at Starfleet. Jim had seen his aptitude test results and thought perhaps he was on the wrong track, that he'd do better in another field within Starfleet, but had kept his opinion to himself. David wanted to fly, and Jim wasn't going to be the one to tell him he shouldn't do it. "Well, that's a real shame. I could probably talk to his instructor and out-rank them into making them give him another shot at the test," he said and Joanna smiled. "I knew you'd say that." "Well… if I'm good at one thing it's bending the rules," Jim said as he and Joanna parted with a 'see you soon' and a wave, walking to their separate cars to go home for the night. Jim, Spock and Seren barely spoke the whole way home. Seren felt guilty, Jim felt annoyed and Spock felt that he'd done nothing wrong. Jim sighed as he closed the door behind him when they arrived home. It was going to be far from straightforward to deal with the increasing amount of shit hitting the fan. ~A/N~ Hey! I'm so, so sorry for taking so long to get this posted! I was really busy, then I was sick and needed to just get a shit-ton of sleep, and then I went away for a few days to like... the edge of the Earth, so I was without internet or even my laptop. SORRY! Things are buiiilllddddiiinnnggggg! How long until it all explodes? ONLY TIME WILL TELL. Next chapter in a few days, I should have some good amounts of time to write over this weekend so I'm feeling good about updating on Sunday :) Please review if you feel that way inclined! Thank you to everyone who reviewed the last chapter, glad you enjoyed my little teasing glimmer of Jim/Spock sexytime. There's plenty more of that in the pipeline ;)
A/N Can I just start by saying... 94 reviews for 8 chapters. I'm honestly speechless. Thank you endlessly, I really can't... I... mean seriously. Thank you. If you're a regular reviewer extra thank you for you, FOUR FOR YOU GLEN COCO, YOU GO GLEN COCO! (I hope you get that quote or I just seem weird, haha) And super, extra thanks to HogwartsPrincess7 for just being awesome and letting me bounce ideas off of her and stuff :D So. This chapter goes a little back in time, talks about some more McCoy-ness, a bit of history for Emily and David, and then just... well... the beginnings of Pon Farr, so... kind of needless to say, but I'll say it anyway, smut warning! Enjoy, folks! More to come soon! And do leave a review if you feel that way inclined xD Chapter 9 "God, Carol she's so beautiful." Leonard McCoy smiled proudly down at the newborn baby girl in his arms, barely an hour old, before looking up at her mother. "She is," she smiled. She was exhausted after ten hours in labour and a natural delivery, she'd refused even the discussion of a C-section. She'd done amazingly well, and Leonard found he respected her all the more for the sheer grit she'd shown. "Lieutenant Uhura," he said as he jabbed the button for the comm. panel on the wall. "Yes Doctor?" she responded, excitement evident in her voice. "Please update the ships population records with an addition of one if you'd be so kind," he said and Carol grinned as she reached out to gently brush her finger over the delicate skin of the new baby's forearm. "Yes Sir, right away. Congratulations to you both," she said and McCoy grinned. "Thanks Ny. Could you ask Jim to bring Joanna down to meet her baby sister when he has a minute?" "Sure thing. Baby girl have a name yet?" she asked and Carol nodded, Leonard raising an eyebrow. They'd never agreed on a name. "Go on darlin', what you thinking?" he asked and Carol looked at the baby carefully. "Emily Rose McCoy." Leonard felt himself choke up. He hadn't cried throughout the whole thing, the last time he'd cried had been when Carol had told him she was pregnant. It wasn't something he had expected, but he'd found himself over the moon. "I love it," he mumbled and Carol nodded. "Thought you might." "She don't have to have my name though, she could have-" "Len. No. She's taking your name. And yes, that's a hint that you need to take steps towards me taking your name too," Carol hinted and he chuckled. "One thing at a time, darlin', see how you feel after the first six months of sleepless nights and if you aint killed me yet then we'll talk about it then," he said, taking Carol's hand and stroking her fingers with his own. There was no doubt in his mind he wanted her to be his wife one day. But he also knew, deep down, that he wasn't ready for that kind of commitment again. He trusted her, but it would take a lot of time to work up the courage to get down on one knee after how things had ended with Jocelyn. "What do you think, huh kiddo? Can you imagine me yelling 'Emily get your ass out of bed missy!' at you in about fifteen years time?" he asked the baby who didn't stir from her slumber. He grinned and looked up at Carol again. "Yeah. I love it. It's perfect for her." They fell into a contented silence, Carol's eyes slipping closed as she started to give in to the exhaustion she was feeling. Leonard leaned over and brushed a few strands of blonde hair off her forehead before placing a gentle kiss there. The door slid open and Leonard turned his head, smiling as he saw Jim standing in the doorway, one twin clutched in his arms and Joanna at his side who immediately ran over to her father and new half-sister. "Daddy I want to hold!" she said firmly and Leonard shook his head. "No, no, what do we say?" he prompted and she sighed. "Please may I hold baby?" "Better. Right. Hop up on here," he said, patting the side of the bed next to Carol who was already in a deep sleep. Joanna hopped up and sat down, eagerly looking at the bundle of blankets in her fathers arms. "Well hey look at that, you made a human," Jim grinned as he looked at the baby. Leonard moved the blankets back off her face so Jim could get a better look. "She's beautiful Bones, clearly takes after her mother and not you," Jim smiled and Leonard shrugged off the comment. "Wouldn't let you put him down again huh?" he asked of the twin Jim was clutching. "Nah he's still being really clingy. I tried to hand him over to Spock and he screamed so loud I thought he was gonna break something. Christopher is nothing like this, he'll let anyone hold him, but Leo here just… I don't know. He likes me most I guess. It's fine, apart from like when I want to sleep or shower or actually do anything," Jim sighed and Leonard shrugged. "Try tough love. Just put him in the crib and leave him scream himself out," he said as he carefully placed the baby in Joanna's lap, supporting her head with one hand and guiding Joanna's hand to take over. "She's so small Daddy," she grinned. "She is darlin', gotta be really careful with her head okay?" he said and Joanna nodded, peeking into the blankets again. "I can't even remember when mine were that small," Jim sighed as he looked at the newborn. The twins were six months old and growing so fast you could probably see it happening if you looked closely enough. "Pssh. Shut up Jim, it aint been that long." "No, really, it feels like forever ago. She have a name yet?" Jim asked and Bones nodded, unable to keep himself from smiling again. "Emily Rose McCoy," he said and Jim smiled. "It's pretty." "Yep." "Carol choose it?" Jim asked and Bones raised an eyebrow. "How could you tell?" "I don't know. It's a British name, figured Carol would have been the one to choose it," he shrugged. Baby Emily chose this moment to wake up and start wriggling, startling Joanna who was still holding her. She let out a few whimpers, her face crumpling and turning bright red. "Uh oh. Somebody is cranky," Jim smirked as Leonard took the baby back from Joanna. "Hungry probably," Bones said and Jim hoisted Leo a little higher in his arms. "Or just cranky. Here, let's switch, let me hold her, I bet Uncle Jim can make her stop crying," Jim said, offering Leo out to his friend. "Jim I don't know. Won't he cry? I don't wanna wake Carol," he said and Jim shook his head. "He looks pretty happy to me," Jim said, glancing down at his son who was staring blankly forwards, face relaxed and contented, the occasional quiet baby-gurgle coming from his lips. "Alright, baby-whisperer," Bones scoffed, accepting the part-Vulcan and handing over his new daughter to Jim who immediately went into full-scale baby mode. "Oh wow she's so awesome. Look at her little fingers Bones! I gotta talk to Spock, I want another one of these," Jim rambled and Bones rolled his eyes. "How did I know that would happen?! I knew as soon as you saw her you'd start talking about having more. Aren't three enough of a handful?" Jim grinned. "Oh yeah. They run us ragged. They always co-ordinate their crying and needing new diapers with right when Spock and I are the most busy. Spock gets stressed, I laugh at him, it's all great fun, and I mean, I don't think one more would really make all that much difference at this point. I've forgotten what a full night's sleep feels like," Jim chuckled and Bones shook his head. "You're insane. You're gonna end up with ten kids at this rate. Breeding like tribbles," he said and Jim laughed. "Vulcan's are endangered. I'm just doing my service at helping them rebuild," he smiled. "You forget the stress on everyone else Jim, men aren't meant to have babies for a reason," he pointed out and Jim shrugged. "Yeah but even if I was a woman I'd still get a C-section." "Lazy." "If you were a woman and you were having a baby, you'd honestly choose to do it the natural way?" Jim asked with a raised eyebrow. "Uh. I guess you have a point. Carol is insane," he chuckled, lifting the still settled Leo a little higher in his arms. "How long… was like… I don't know. How long did that even take?" Jim asked hesitantly. He obviously wanted to be nosy but didn't want to appear too rude with his questions. "Ten hours," Bones said bluntly and Jim's eyes widened. "Holy shit. Remind me to give Carol like… a medal or something," he said and Bones chuckled lightly. "You and me both." Jim shifted Emily in his arms as she started to squirm again. "Yeah. She's hungry, she's doing the hungry face kind of thing," Jim said as Emily started to whimper. Leo's eyes followed the sound and he reached out a hand. Jim smiled at his son. "He likes her," Jim smirked and Bones glared as they swapped babies carefully. "I'll leave you guys to it," Jim said as he stood up to leave the room, Leo still grabbing at the air in the direction of Emily's whimpering. "Thanks Jim," Bones said absentmindedly as he tried to get his baby daughter to settle. "Should I buy a hat now or…?" Jim smirked as he opened the door and looked back. "Me and Carol aint getting' married yet Jim, so hold your horses," McCoy muttered. "I'm not talking about you and Carol," Jim chuckled, nodding down to his son who was positively grinning and wriggling in Jim's arms. "Just… shut up Jim, get out," Bones ordered and with a final laugh, Jim was gone. Emily stared at the ceiling. Everyone was already awake, she could hear movement around the house, sometimes voices, plates and cups in the kitchen, clattering on the surfaces occasionally as breakfast was eaten then put away. She could still hear Leo's voice clearly in her mind. Emily. Shut up. I'm fine. "Fucking pointy-eared, hobgoblin, green blooded, space elf bastard," she hissed as she finally threw herself out of bed and stormed downstairs. "Morning darlin'," said her father as she entered the kitchen. She grunted a response and grabbed a glass from the counter, pouring herself a glass of juice and then settling at the table. "A very sorry young man called earlier, I told him I'd have you give him a call back when you woke up," he said and Emily shrugged. "He's an asshole. I don't get him. I don't want to talk about it anyway. What the hell is going on with both of them? They were both being weird as hell last night," she said, taking a sip from her orange juice. "Not my place to say darlin'," he said, eyes flicking down the newspaper he was reading. Emily huffed and leant back in her chair. "What exactly did Leo say when he called?" she asked and her father shrugged. "I don't know, call him back, not my business," he said gruffly and Emily frowned. "Fine," she said, getting up from the table and going back up to her room. She grabbed her communicator from her bedside table. She'd had two missed calls and a text message. All were from Leo. Jim tells me calling more than once is desperate. So maybe I'm a little desperate, but I'm a lot more sorry. Her anger melting away instantly, she couldn't help but smile a little bit as she commed him back, he picked up almost instantly. "Emily, I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to-" "It's fine. But as payback I get to nipple-pinch you, or kick you in the balls, your choice," she offered and he paused. "One nipple or both?" "Most definitely both. You owe me big," she said and he broke into a relieved laugh. "Alright. You can nipple-pinch me, or slap me in the face, but you leave my balls out of this," he said and she giggled. "Alright. What happened anyway?" she asked and he sighed. "I… it's a Vulcan thing. I'll explain one day. I'm fine though, really," he said and she frowned. "It's true what Chris was saying yesterday, you've lost weight." "I have. But… I mean. I was kind of a fatass before," he said and she snorted. "Hardly." "Well… I was a little rounder than I wanted to be. Working out is a hazard when you can't see anything. I almost hit Chris in the face with a dumbbell when he took me to the gym once, pretty hilarious," he said and she smirked. "I bet he'd have loved you for that, breaking his precious pretty face," she said and he laughed. "Yeah I know. He was never so keen to go with me after that, also there was something of a locker-room incident." "Oh?" she asked, curious. "Apparently, I'm way too… like… blasé about being naked around strangers. Don't see why it's a big deal, I mean, it's the guys locker room, pretty sure I don't have anything they don't see every day, not that I know or anything, but yeah, Chris like… got upset with me for it. And then he went and posed for pictures in tighty-whiteys, kind of a hypocrite," he said and she chuckled. She could listen to him talk all day. The way he just said whatever was going through his mind, almost as if he didn't filter it at all, it all just rolled from his brain right out of his mouth. "That's hilarious." "Yeah well, you know, brothers are a pain in the ass," he said and she nodded. "Tell me about it," she mumbled, absentmindedly picking up her new script from her bedside cabinet. She's got exactly the part she wanted, but she knew her acting was weak and needed a lot of work, her voice alone wouldn't carry her through it. Her mind strayed to Leo again, at how she just wanted to be around him and how terrible she'd felt when he'd snapped at her last night. "What are you thinking about?" he asked and she smiled. You. "Uh… just this play. I need to read lines or something, work on it. I'm pretty terrible," she laughed. "Oh wow. Well that sounds fun. I'm just here waiting for my eyes to start working," he said and she froze. "You mean you-" "Yeah. Last week. I didn't tell anybody, not even Jim. He's having a hissy fit over it, but I just didn't want him to worry. But yeah. Any day now apparently, I should notice bright lights first, Jim spent half of this morning with a damn flashlight in my face, but nothing yet. I'm kind of… excited, but I don't want to let myself get my hopes up too high though, because more than likely it wont work at all," he said and she stayed silent, carefully considering her answer. "You've done pretty well for yourself so far without being able to see," she said. "Oh yeah. I know, just… it'd be nice, not to get lost, or trip over things, or crash into people," he said and she chuckled. "You could use a cane you kno-" "NEVER. EVER. NEVER," he cried dramatically and she laughed. "Or not." "Or not. I like that answer. Anyway. I'm gonna leave you to your line-practice, I need to get to a… uh… meeting," he said awkwardly and she nodded to herself. "Yeah. Sure. Well, maybe we could hangout… later or something?" she asked and he paused for a moment. "Uh… maybe not today, I have stuff to do. Maybe tomorrow?" he offered and she smiled. "Sure." "Pilot, huh? You sure kid?" "Definitely," David nodded. He was certain with his decision. "Alright well get your forms filled in and we'll send them off tomorrow," Leonard said hesitantly. Whether it had been spending the first few years of his life on the ship, or the influence of having always been around Starfleet, David wanted to fly. He wanted to be a pilot. As much as he didn't want his son off in such a dangerous job, Leonard knew he couldn't deny him his dream and his gentle encouragement to look into a profession that didn't involve him going off planet hadn't gone down too well. "I know you want me to get a nice desk job like Jo, but I couldn't do that," David said, as if reading his mind. "I know… I just… it's dangerous out there, y'know? Your mom and I have seen more than our fair share of sticky situations, and I'd hate for you to be in danger, but, that being said, you're sixteen years old and if you wanna go to the academy, that's your decision," he said flatly. "I'll be careful," David said and Leonard rolled his eyes. "It's dangerous out there in the black, kid, and sometimes no matter how careful you are, there's always somethin' to go wrong," he said and David looked down at the floor for a second. "It's all I've ever wanted to do." Leonard nodded. "I know, and you'll be great at it. I'm proud of you," he said, clapping him on the shoulder. "Come in," Bones said as he looked up. A very shaky Leo was standing in the doorway of his office, leaning on his sister for support. "Hey, kid, how's it going?" he asked tentatively. Seren's blue eyes swimming with tears answered the question before Leo could even open his mouth. "Good. Yeah I'm doing pretty good. How are you?" he asked and Seren sniffled. "Ser. I'm fine. Stop getting upset over it," Leo said firmly and she helped him into a chair then let go of him quickly, backing away and looking at the floor. Bones had noticed her control slipping over the last few weeks, as she watched her brother fighting for his life, getting weaker, struggling to pretend he was doing fine. "Cut all the shit, Leo, not to me. It's bad enough to the others, but no shit in here. You're not fine. Look at the state of you," Bones said and Leo's shoulders slumped. "No. I'm not fine. I'm not. I'm done, Bones, I'm dying, I can feel it," he said, brown eyes fixed unseeingly on the wall. Seren excused herself from the room and Bones didn't blame her. This conversation was going to be far from easy to listen to. "You're not… dying. But you're not doing great either. Your body is going into shock from everything going on, but the tumour is shrinking. Not by a whole lot just yet, but it's going in the right direction I-" "I… Bones stop. I didn't come here to talk about that," Leo cut him off, eyes now fixed directly on his own. The doctor fell silent. "I came to… well… could I… hmm. Uh. Well," he stammered, eyes flicking down to the desk and taking a deep breath. "I wanted to ask for your permission to date Emily," he said and Bones held his breath for a second. "Leo. Kid, I… you know why I can't say yes to that, right?" he said gently and Leo nodded. "I know. Because when I die it's going to break her heart, and it'll be everyone left behind picking up the pieces, I know that, but I… I'm really sorry, but I've never felt this way for anyone and I can't… go… without… I need to tell her, I want to make the most of-" his voice cracked and for the first time since the whole ordeal began, he began to cry in front of the doctor. Leonard McCoy sighed. He felt so conflicted. On the one hand, he knew Leo's chances of surviving weren't fantastic. But on the other hand he'd seen his interactions with Emily, watched the way she'd blush bright pink when he made her giggle, noticed the tiny smile he'd always have on his face whenever she was around. They were good for each other. They made each other happy, very happy, but it could all be so short-lived. Cruel to let it begin just for it to end so soon. He watched as the youngest Kirk broke apart in front of him, curling into a ball in the chair, crying into his knees, sobs racking his entire body. Leonard found himself up out of his own seat and going around the desk, one hand settling on the young mans back, rubbing soothingly. "It's ok," he said quietly. Leo shook with silent sobs as he wrestled with his emotions. "It's not." "It will be." Leo was silent, taking slow and controlled breaths, using his hands to wipe the tears off his face. "I'm sorry, I don't know where that came from I just-" "Don't apologise," Leonard cut him off. "Don't apologise Leo. You've done incredibly well through this, and you're almost at the end of it. We're going to get you through it. I swear to you, I will not let you die on my watch, you got that?" Leo nodded. "Yes sir." "And you know why that is?" Leo shook his head. "Because… you're like a son to me. You're family. And family look out for each other. I'm gonna keep you alive and get you better, I promise," he said and Leo nodded. "Sure. Thank you," he said and Bones placed a hand on his shoulder. "Anything, kid. Now Jim told me you're talking about not doing the last chemo, are you sure?" he asked and Leo nodded. "Yeah. I can't," he said simply in response. Bones nodded. He knew that finishing the course was medically the correct thing to do, but Leo was already obviously struggling and putting him through more suffering by continuing was something the doctor couldn't find it in his heart to do. "Sure. I understand. You need a good week for your body to recover from just the shock of the last dose, and then we'll try and figure out a date for surgery," he said gently and Leo nodded again. "Yeah. Sure. Whenever." The last dose of chemotherapy had been so strong Leo had barely moved for two days afterwards. Jim had been beside himself with worry, forcing himself to go to work every day, leaving Spock and Seren caring for Leo. This had been two days before Chris arrived home and there had been the argument over dinner. "I… I'll give you my permission to date Emily. Under one condition," he said and Leo smiled weakly. "No sex?" Leo smirked. "Well, that too, and no sleepovers either. My one condition is that you're honest and open with her from the beginning, you need to tell her what's going on with you, it isn't fair to keep that from her." "I'm going to tell everyone as soon as I'm ready to," he said, pushing his hair back off his forehead. Bones noticed he wasn't sweating today, not like he would after the chemo, but he was still deathly pale. "Just be honest with her. If you break her heart I'll kill you myself," Bones grumbled and Leo chuckled lightly. "I'd expect nothing less," he smiled. "You ready Em?" "Hmm? Oh. Yeah. I'm ready," she said coolly. It was their last show. The final time they'd all be on stage together as a band. She was relieved. What had started so nicely had ended up sour, and she couldn't wait to be away from the people she'd begun this adventure with. What had been incredibly fun at the beginning, living in a bus, spending every day talking to new people and every night playing on stage in a new city, had become the very thing she hated. Having spent five years at music college she'd never intended to use her voice as part of such an average band. She wanted something more, something bigger, better, more imaginative than repetitive pop-punk riffs and lyrics about nothing in particular. It was time for it to be over, she would move on to better things. "Paris! Let's do this!" She yelled into her microphone as she leapt out onto the stage. There were maybe a thousand people there and she wasn't nervous, just ready to have a good time and say goodbye to that part of her life. *!* "Hey mom," she smiled into her communicator. "Hi honey, how was your night?" "It was good, I'm glad its over though, it'll be nice to come home," Emily admitted. "You've got no idea how long I've waited to hear you say that," her mother smiled into her own communicator. Christopher trembled with the exertion of just keeping himself still and under control. His entire body was screaming, burning for him to do it. To claim. To take. And he knew, he understood now. David. All those times when he'd mind-melded with him, starting when they were very young and not really understanding what they were doing, when he should have listened to Spock's advice and never melded with anyone. He'd been connecting them, he just never knew what the connection was until accidentally stumbling across it during their last meld and immediately backing away. He'd tried to fight it. He's fucked his way through half the women he'd already slept with, hoping by some fluke that one of them could be the one instead, that he'd feel an instant connection. But no. His burning was for one person and one person alone. Deciding that his cold shower from earlier had made him feel better, even if it only lasted a few minutes, Christopher heaved himself off the bed to go and take another one, clothes being hastily shed on the way to the bathroom. "Hey! That's mine!" David protested as Christopher snatched the object he was holding, a miniature replica of the Enterprise. "No it isn't, Uncle Scotty gave it to ME!" "But… but…I was playing with it," David mumbled as tears burned at his eyes. "Human gonna cry?" Christopher taunted and David burst into tears, his loud wails drawing the attention of Jim who was supposed to be watching them. "Boys! What's going on here?" he asked and Chris immediately dropped the toy ship and began retreating out of the room. "Davey is being a stupid human," he said quickly and David cried louder. Jim scooped him up and picked up the toy ship. "He take this off you again, huh?" Jim asked quietly and David sniffled and nodded. "Christopher George Kirk! You get over here and apologise, right now!" Jim ordered and Chris scowled, dragging his feet and walking back over. "Sorry," he mumbled. "No. Like you mean it," Jim said, setting David down. "I'm sorry Davey," he said more sincerely. "Good. Now shake hands," Jim instructed and David held out his hand, Chris taking it, a strange tingling spreading across David's palm at the touch. "You're big boys now, and you can learn how to share. Chris, I already told you, if you don't start acting your age I'll treat you like a baby," Jim warned and Christopher pouted. "How old are you?" Jim asked and Chris mumbled his response so quietly you could barely hear it. "Pardon?" Jim asked and Christopher frowned. "Seven," he said clearly and Jim nodded. "That's right. And what do big, grown-up seven year olds do?" "Share," Chris mumbled. "Good. Now are we clear?" he asked, running a hand through his hair. "Yes Jim," he nodded. "If he gives you any more trouble just yell, kiddo," Jim said, ruffling David's hair before returning to his desk. "Sorry Davey," Chris mumbled again and David crossed his arms across his chest. The pair of big brown eyes staring at him blinked, his head tilting to one side. "Hey, you want to play a fun game?" Chris asked and David crossed his arms tighter. "What's that?" he asked. "I'll show you," Christopher said, extending his left hand towards David's face. David rang the buzzer again, grumbling under his breath when Christopher still didn't appear. He raised his fist and used the side of it to hammer against the door. "Hey asshole, come let me in!" He'd avoided him since the previous night at dinner, he'd left fully intending to track Chris down and talk to him, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. Not after Spock had commed him right after he got home. "David McCoy." "Uh… hi Mr Spock, is there anything I can-" "Yourself and Christopher are very close friends, am I correct?" David shifted uncomfortably. "I guess you could say that we're pretty cl-" "Have you ever had any form of sexual exchange?" "What?! No! No, we're friends, nothing else," David spluttered and Spock was silent for a moment. "I believe from your highly defensive reaction that the process has already begun. You have been experiencing strong feelings of desire, feelings you cannot understand, am I correct?" David paused before answering. "How do you know about this?" he hissed. "You are not exactly discreet if a person knows what to look for. Christopher is in danger, David. He has entered Pon Farr, and the fever must be sated. Without his T'hy'la, he will die," Spock explained and David screwed up his face. "T'hy'la is like… husband, right? Or wife?" "Incorrect. I will allow Christopher to elaborate on the term should you go to him. I must stress the importance, do not fight him, he may well be highly dangerous in this condition." David ran a hand through his hair. "So… what are you saying here?" he asked at last. "Pon Farr is the Vulcan mating drive, occurring on average every seven years in males. This cycle does not usually begin until the Vulcan is much older, however, it would appear that something had caused Christopher to enter this phase at a very young age." "Mating?! Are you fuckin' serious?" David spluttered. "I am entirely serious, yes. As you are aware, Vulcans cannot lie." "So you're telling me, that I need to go and like… sleep with him, to make him better?" he asked and Spock hesitated for a moment. "In simple terms, yes, though there is more involved than that. He may well bond with you, most likely he will, your minds will be joined." "He… he's already in my head, sometimes, he makes me… have these dreams," David confessed. "Then it has already begun. I must stress the urgency of-" "Yeah yeah, letting him screw my brains out, got it," David sighed. "He may behave in a way highly unlike his usual self, he may go for days without food or water, he may become aggressive, he may not understand you at times. Is this clear?" Spock asked and David swallowed hard. "Horny, pointy-eared pain in my ass. Got it," he said firmly. "Good luck," Spock said as David snapped the communicator shut. After a few more moments the door slid open and Christopher stood before him, dripping wet from the shower and shivering, wearing only too-big pyjama pants with the black waistband of his boxers on show. "What… were you in a cold shower?" David asked as he eyed the way Chris' teeth seemed to be chattering. He nodded silently as his friend stepped into his apartment and the door closed behind him. "Isn't that… like really bad with you having warmer blood than a normal human?" he asked and Chris nodded again, his eyes darkening as his friend crossed the room and stood over by the window, looking out at the city below. "You could try turning some lights on you know, I'm sure you earn enough to pay your damn electric bill," he muttered as he looked at his friend through the gloom. There was only one lamp switched on in the entire large living area, and the shadows is was casting made Chris appear even more imposing as every muscle in his body flexed when he moved. "Is something wrong? You seem pretty quiet," he asked as he glanced at the part-Vulcan again. David decided to play dumb. Maybe there was some way he and Chris could rectify the situation without having to actually have sex. Surely there was some other way. Christopher was doing everything in his control to not grab David and drag him to the nearest available surface to fuck him silly. "David… Davey, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry," he muttered as he took a few steps closer. "I just… I need. I'm going to die, David," he muttered as he took another step closer, eyes growing darker still as he approached. "Wait… what? Are you… sick or something? What's wrong with you? Why are you looking at me like that?" David took a step back as Christopher continued to approach him, water beading on his well muscled chest, running down his clearly defined abdomen. "Why are you looking at me like that?" he asked again, cursing himself mentally as he felt pink blush rising in his cheeks as his act of ignorance began to slip. "I'm sorry. I didn't know it was you, but now it all makes sense." David's back hit the wall as he ran out of room, Christopher advancing and trapping him against the wall with one arm on either side of him, palms flat against the cool surface. "What the fuck are you talking ab-" David was cut off as Christopher pinned him to the wall, crashing their lips together. The smaller man struggled, though he knew it was useless, he was fully aware of how strong his hybrid friend was and knew that he wouldn't be getting away from him anytime soon. Chris seemed to be struggling within himself, one moment the kiss was rushed and frantic, the next he seemed to be holding back. He pulled away, lips moist and slightly swollen. "I'm sorry. I… this isn't supposed to happen until I'm much older, I never realised what I was doing with… the mind-melding… I never knew and I… god I'm so sorry," he muttered as he lost control again, pinning David against the wall with such force that it winded him slightly, attacking his neck with his teeth. David's communicator started to sound in his pocket and he fumbled for it, one hand still trying to push his friend away. "Help me!" he yelped as he got the device open, not really caring who was on the other end of the line. Though Spock's warning had at least given him some idea of what to expect, he hadn't really anticipated Christopher being quite so aggressive. "David! Shit, you need to just… let him, let him do whatever he's trying to do. He'll die otherwise," Jim's voice was frantic. "He's tryna' rape me!" David protested as Chris's hands pinned his wrists above his head, sending the communicator clattering across the floor. "I'll explain everything afterwards, just, go with it. I promise you'll be ok, he won't kill you, just don't fight him. He isn't in control right now, it's a Vulcan thing, I promise I'll explain," Jim said. Christopher growled low in his throat, brown eyes a dangerous black where his pupils were blown wide. David swallowed hard. "Spock told me. But... is this the only way?" he asked. "Yes. It's the only way. His mind has chosen yours… and it, well, it's not reversible at this point. David I'm so sorry, I promise I'll explain everything once he's burned himself out. It might be a day, it might be a week, everyone is different I just-" "A week?! He might be like this for a week?" he hissed as Christopher started to drag him away from the wall and towards his bedroom. David just managed to snag the communicator with his foot and kick it along so he could hear Jim's response. "Unlikely but he might-" David didn't hear what Christopher might do as the communicator was snatched up and thrown full force into the wall, shattering into pieces. David found himself thrown roughly onto the mattress, trying to regain his balance he propped himself up on forearms as Chris crawled over him, like a predator would corner it's prey right before going in for the kill. Their faces mere inches apart, David could feel the heat radiating from his friend, the same friend he'd been having some very impure dreams about over the last few weeks. "Fuck or die huh? They don't teach that in basic alien biology at the academy," he said and Christopher raised an eyebrow in a way so reminiscent of his father that David made a mental note to tease him about it later. "If you don't… want to I can… I…" Chris started; momentarily back in control but physically shaking with the effort. "Shh. No… I… know. I've been having dreams, where you… connected our minds… I guess. I can feel it too, the… wanting… it hurts." Christopher gave a short nod. "I'm… I can't hold out anymore, it's getting worse," he whispered, his voice sounded… pained. Forced. The water in his hair was mingling with the sweat beginning to escape his every pore as his fever began to burn to a new intensity. "Don't. Don't hold out. Not anymore. We'll get you through this and talk about it when it's all over," David said and Chris gave another small nod before his body tensed, hands curling into fists where they gripped the sheets. He was very still for a long moment, and David stayed awkwardly still beneath him, not really sure what he needed to do. He didn't need to figure it out as Chris seemed to spring back to life, beginning to pull at his shirt with urgency, David lifting his arms to allow him to remove it. An inhumanly hot mouth trailed down his body, pausing at one nipple and his belly button, leaving a searing tingle wherever his lips had made contact. David stayed very still, knowing it was important he didn't fight him. His jeans were lost next, boxers and socks going along with them and being flung carelessly to the floor. Christopher's hungry dark eyes were all over his body, his facial expression one of complete animal lust. David held his gaze; he wasn't going to come over all shy at a moment like this, not a chance in hell. If he was going to submit to this, he was going to do so like a man. He bit his lip hard as Christopher trailed both his hands down his body, slowly, agonisingly slowly, palms flat against his skin, blunt nails following the hot palms, leaving faint pink trails until they reached his hips and took a firm hold. David couldn't hold back a strangled moan as his best friend lowered his mouth to his semi-hard cock, hot wet tongue lapping at it eagerly, bringing him to full attention in record time. Being far too distracted by this, David didn't notice Christopher ridding himself of his own clothing. He did notice the absence of the mouth causing him so much pleasure and forced his eyes open as he felt his friends weight shift on the bed as he landed beside him, laying on his stomach with his head level to his own. "Somethin' wrong?" David asked, forcing his voice to remain steady as he tried to return his voice to normal. Christopher said nothing, just stared at him with those dangerous now black eyes but his face was soft, pleading, begging almost. It took David a long few seconds to realise that Chris didn't want to dominate him, he wanted to be dominated. "You… you don't want to fuck me, do you? You… want it the other way around, is that it?" Christopher made a small whimper of agreement and David nodded. "Ok… well… I guess I can do that. Never done this with a guy before, and I'm guessing you haven't either, right?" Chris shook his head slightly. He was still clinging onto some of his control, just hanging by a thread. "I uh… um… do you have lube?" David asked. He felt awkward as hell. He was straight goddamn it! Christopher didn't answer his question; he grabbed David by the upper arms and pulled him so he was on top, their naked bodies pressed together and the heat radiating off Chris almost unbearable. "Is that a no?" David asked as Christopher tilted his head back, exposing his throat fully. David took the hint and began to lick and bite at the exposed flesh, causing the part-Vulcan to writhe beneath him. "Answer me," David said firmly, reaching underneath him and closing his hand around the other's erection where it was rubbing painfully against the sheets. "Somewhere," Chris managed out and David scrambled off him, making a beeline for the bedside cabinet and pulling out the top drawer, emptying its contents all over the floor and sending any number of questionable objects scattering all over the room. A small white bottle caught his attention and he snatched it up. Bingo. "I'll be careful," he promised as he popped the cap on the half-empty bottle. David made a mental note to enquire as to what Christopher had been doing to himself for the bottle to already be half empty. Christopher made a desperate, pleading kind of whimpering sound and David looked at him concernedly. He definitely looked like he was telling the truth when he said he would die if they didn't do this. His entire body was shaking, sweat slick-skin a patchy green as his fever raged, facially he looked like he was in real pain, and his breathing was coming in short, quick gulps of air. "You're fucking… weird," David grumbled as he squirted a generous amount of clear liquid onto his fingers before slowly lowering one and beginning to press it into his friend, watching his face carefully for any sign of pain. Christopher's eyes closed and the tension in his jaw eased, a sigh that sounded very much like relief escaping him. David had no real idea what he was doing, sleeping with men was hardly a speciality of his. When Chris seemed comfortable enough with one finger, he added a second, receiving a soft moan of encouragement. "Chris you moan like a little slut," he muttered, trying to get the blush in his cheeks to fade. He couldn't believe what he was about to do. "DAMN IT JIM!" After speaking with David Jim had raced over to Bones' office at the hospital as fast as he could, finding Spock already there waiting for him. "Bones, I'm sorry, we didn't know that-" Jim stopped talking as he was flung into the wall, being pinned there by his friend who was so angry it looked as though steam could come out of his ears at any moment. "You think I don't remember the state you were in? Huh? After this freak was done with you when his time rolled around?" He glared at Spock. "You think I don't remember the broken ribs? The black eye? Damn it Jim, if he hurts David, so help me I'll-" "Doctor," Spock interjected loudly and the Doctor silenced. "What the fuck do you want?" he hissed, glaring at Jim dangerously who just stayed very still in his grasp. "I do not believe Christopher will harm David," Spock said calmly. "And you didn't believe that you'd harm Jim! Did you?! I remember that day Spock, the first time it happened to you, and you promised Jim it'd be alright, but then you just… lost it. You were like a fucking… animal! You threw him around like a rag doll for the better part of a week!" "Bones," Jim said, raising a hand to try and stop the doctor from talking. He room fell silent. The three men just staring at eachother. "So now what, he's already got him, right?" Bones sighed, both hands running through his grey-flecked hair. "Yeah. He's at Chris' apartment. I talked to him, I tried to warn him, but… it… well it had already started and-" "Jim. Shut up. You know, in fact, get out, both of you, get the fuck out of here right now!" Bones ordered, shoving Jim roughly towards the door. Spock advanced on the doctor. "I must insist you stop touching James in that-" "OH FOR THE LOVE OF GOD!" Bones roared, shoving Spock this time, though he barely moved. "Both of you. Out. Now," Bones growled, glaring at the two men. "Spock. Let's go," Jim said quietly, keeping his eyes on the doctor. "I'm sorry Bones. I don't think Chris meant for this to happen, but I'm sure David will be fine and-" Jim tried but Bones shut the door in his face. Jim looked at Spock helplessly as inside the office Leonard McCoy threw himself into his chair, pulling the brand new bottle of bourbon out of the bottom drawer of his desk. "Damn pointy-eared Kirk's," he grumbled, opening the bottle and pouring some of the golden liquid into a glass. David felt terrible. Not only did he not think Christopher was in any state to consent to what he was doing to him, he couldn't stop. "Mm-more," Christopher gasped out as David thrust hard again. He was tired. They'd been at this for hours, Christopher splayed out and useless on the bed, just begging, pleading, desperate. "You'll get more," David growled as a wave of heat washed over him, definitely not sourced from within his own body. Trembling hands gripped sore and bruised hips, David panting against Christopher's neck as he did his best to keep up the punishing rhythm. David yelped as Chris bit down on his neck, so hard that he felt the skin break. Feeling he was close, David sped up his movements, one hand closing around Chris' green-tinged erection and pumping rapidly, causing him to gasp out words that David didn't understand as David continued to pound into the overwhelming heat of his body. "Yeah, that's right, you like that," David growled, grip tightening on Chris' hips. "F-fuck," he stammered as he hit his release, eyes slipping closed and body tensing as he came. He'd lost count of how many rounds they'd gone, but Chris had always been the same, just laying there, begging for more occasionally but otherwise only panting and staring up with dark eyes. Body aching, David rolled off to the side, desperately trying to get his breath back. Chris tugged at his shoulder, making needy, whimpering sounds. "Get off, god, just, give me five seconds," he panted, shoving Chris' hand away and nuzzling his face into the pillow. He'd expected this to all be the other way around. From what he knew of Chris, he was dominant in the bedroom, and women loved him for how he'd fully take control of everything that was going on. This couldn't be further from the way he'd behaved for the last few hours. "I'm going to get a glass of water, do you want one?" David offered, pushing himself up onto his elbows. Christopher stared at him blankly. "I'll take that as a no?" David rolled to get out of the bed and Chris grabbed him, effectively pinning him to the mattress. "Get off Christopher, I need a drink," he said firmly but Chris didn't let go. "Mine," he growled and David swallowed hard, noticing Chris was hard again already. "Uh… yeah, sure, why not," he said, too tired to even argue. "But I need to get water, Chris, you know like... to drink," he tried to explain, trying to move again. Chris gripped his arm so tightly David was worried he might crush it. "You're hurting me," he said clearly and Christopher continued to stare blankly at him. David shuffled closer to Chris, cautiously draping an arm around him and Chris immediately calmed, relaxing his grip and laying still on the bed. "Chris, please, I need some water, I'm not running away or anything, I'll come right back," he said quickly. David was conscious of the warning he'd been given. It could be days before this was over, and he was already starving hungry and so thirsty it hurt. At the very least he needed water, and he knew Chris would be needing water by now too. Deciding to try and different tactic he stood up, pulling Chris with him, holding his body tight to his own. "We're going to go take a shower, ok? We're both really, really dirty," David sighed as he pushed his hair back off his face. He stank of sweat and sex and god only knows what else. He didn't really want to think too much about it, about the things they had been doing. He managed to practically drag Christopher into the bathroom and switched on the water, pulling him into the shower cubicle with the water still running cold. David tilted his head up and gulped down a few mouthfuls of water before Christopher had him pinned to the frosted glass wall, lips attacking his neck, stinging against the fresh bite marks there from the previous few hours. "Mine," Chris growled again, turning David around so his face was against the glass, both hands trailing down his back to his ass. David swallowed hard, he knew exactly what Chris was going to do as a fresh wave of heat pulsed between them, mingling with his own nervousness at what he was sure was coming up next. "Be gentle, ok? Slowly," David tried to explain and Christopher stared at him, water running down his face, getting in his eyes though he didn't blink it away. "Shit," David muttered under his breath. "You know what Chris, I'm going to kill you when this is all done," he mumbled as Christopher bit at his ear, hands gripping his hips as he pressed his erection against him. David swallowed hard again, trying to force himself to relax, to not attempt to fight. He looked back at Christopher carefully, who blinked hard, a glimmer of panic spreading across his face momentarily, almost as if he had realised what he was doing, before it faded into the same snarl once again. "Mine." A/N Oops. I made Christopher all crazy. My bad :3 I just wanted to point out that I'm fully aware Vulcan's body temp. is actually lower than a human... I wrote in the first story that the temp was higher, so for continuity's sake I wanted to keep it that way during this story, even though it isn't accurate. Anyway. Moving on! Next chapter we're getting some more Pon Farr, Emily and Leo get closer and there's a big secret being spilled... Thanks for reading :)
A/N What a pleasant surprise! I was able to get this finished sooner than I thought :) Bit of a mixed chapter here, p0rn warning, but also very cutesy. The two budding couples are at like... complete odds with eachother, and I'm loving it! I've noticed a lot of you guys are asking for more Jim and Spock... there's a little in this chapter, and there will be a LOT more coming up (if you catch my drift *wink wink*) but yeah, bare with me, I'm trying to sort out all the kids first, we'll get to them I promise! Chapter Ten Spock was silent, peering through the darkness at the huddled form beside him. Jim's breathing was slow and controlled, but not deep enough for him to be asleep. He was tense, his shoulder in front of Spock's face holding his arm stiffly at his side. "I know that you are not asleep, Jim," he said quietly and Jim sighed, rolling onto his back. The small sliver of light sneaking into the room through a gap in the blinds was falling just across Jim's face, allowing Spock to see his eyes clearly in the gloom. "I can't stop worrying about them both," Jim whispered. Spock inched closer and wrapped one arm around Jim's naked torso. "Stop worrying." Jim sighed and squeezed his eyes closed. "I can't. Because every time I think about it… I think about… you," Jim said, the last word slipping from his lips and feeling like a punch right to Spock's stomach. His own behaviour during his previous Pon Farr's had been wholly unacceptable. He'd seen the damage he'd caused to Jim, and though it was never anything life threatening, he'd broken a few ribs and left him battered and badly shaken. "It is possible Christopher will not behave in the same way that I-" "Spock don't. He's bad enough when he isn't in Pon Farr. David is in serious trouble. I feel responsible, you know? I tried to raise him… the most human way I could, I was hoping somehow it wouldn't happen to them and-" Spock brought one finger to Jim's lips and placed it there softly, stopping him from speaking. "It is genetically programmed into every Vulcan, every part-Vulcan. You could not have stopped it. You could not have removed it from him, no matter how he was raised. This is not your fault, although I am convinced you are determined to blame yourself as you do not wish to blame Christopher," Spock said and Jim frowned, pulling Spock's hand away from his lips. "It isn't Chris' fault either," Jim protested. "No. It is not. There is nowhere for any blame to be placed, James. You must simply accept what is happening and we will deal with all of the consequences afterwards. Be thankful that David has chosen to save Christopher's life," Spock pointed out and Jim nodded, leaning into his husband and wrapping an arm around him in return. They were silent for a long few moments. "I worry about David, I worry about getting him back to Bones and Carol in one piece," Jim mumbled eventually. "I am quite certain that David McCoy can take care of himself," Spock said, placing a small kiss on Jim's forehead. David's eyes snapped open and he looked around quickly. He'd been asleep no longer than thirty minutes, but was all of a sudden incredibly alert and awake, his stomach protesting loudly about how neglected it was feeling. His eyes locked onto the naked form beside him, laying on his stomach and fast asleep, breathing slow and deep, his back rising and falling with each inhale and exhale. David's stomach growled again and he decided to chance running to the kitchen to try and find something to eat, and getting some more water too. He carefully began trying to extricate himself from the tangle of limbs and blankets, wincing as he did so as pain crept up his spine. Christopher had been anything but gentle with him though he had managed to fortunately persuade the Vulcan to prepare him at least a little bit, and though he knew he wasn't badly hurt, he was sore all the same. Finally reaching a standing position he crept from the room, reaching the kitchen and snatching up a plastic tumbler, filling it with cold water and drinking it all down in one go before re-filling it and drinking the entire thing again. He filled the tumbler a third time and set it aside before looking for some food. The cupboards and fridge were bare, but the replicator unit had protein in it, so David quickly set it to make him four slices of toast with butter and strawberry jam. He knew it wasn't ideal, but it was quick and easy to eat, and sugary enough to give him some energy. He listened carefully for any sound coming from the bedroom as he wolfed down the toast, standing naked in his friends kitchen as the pinkish sunrise glow seeped into the room, clear finger-shaped bruises sitting on his hips. He heard Christopher shuffling around and quickly snatched up the plastic cup of water, heading back into the bedroom. Chris was sitting on the edge of the bed, dark eyes fixed on him. "I brought you this," David said, holding out the final piece of toast. Christopher didn't even look at it, his eyes remained fixed on David's. "I know you're busy being an asshole right now, but you still need to eat something." David pushed the piece of bread towards his friends face and he looked down at it, opening his mouth slightly and allowing David to shove it between his lips. Chris took a small bite and chewed, swallowing a few seconds later. "Good, food is good," David said clearly. Christopher looked at him like he didn't understand a word he was saying. David offered him another bite but Chris' mouth stayed firmly closed this time. "You're not hungry huh? Well you must be thirsty by now. Have some water Christopher," he said, holding out the tumbler. Chris looked at it and then up at David, eyes darkening and body tensing as if he were about to pounce. "No no! Not yet. You need water first, or you'll get dehydrated. Look, drink," David ordered, grabbing Chris' head in one hand and bringing he cup to his lips with the other hand. He pressed it to his lips and tilted it upwards, water trickling down his chin when he didn't open up. "Come on you big, pointy-eared idiot," David muttered, giving the back of Chris' head a persuasive squeeze. He opened his mouth slightly and David managed to get him to drink around a third of the water before he roughly jolted his head away, sending the water flying. "Better than nothing I guess," David muttered, setting down the empty cup on the side and allowing Christopher to grab him by the thighs and throw him back down onto the bed. He turned onto his back immediately. "Behave," David said in a warning tone as Christopher hovered over him, hot breath ticking just below his ear. He bit down hard on his neck and David lashed out, punching him in the ribs and startling him, causing Christopher's eyes to narrow dangerously. "Be nice," David warned and Chris seemed to relax slightly, one hand trailing up his chest but then causing David to tense as it settled on his throat. "Get your hands off me you-" David fell silent as Christopher's hand continued to trail upwards, settling on his face, his fingers spreading apart and settling at his PSI points. David barely had a second to grasp what was happening before Christopher was inside his mind. "But why?!" "Because Emily, it isn't safe! They're identical god-damn it! Who's to say he isn't going through the same thing? Who's to say he won't just grab you the second you get anywhere near him?!" "Shut up Dad, you have no idea!" Emily yelled, storming out of the kitchen and towards the stairs. "Don't you speak to me like that young l-" "I'LL SPEAK TO YOU HOWEVER I FUCKING WANT TO SPEAK TO YOU!" she roared, she could feel her face turning red, her fists shaking with anger. Her father fell silent, staring up at her. "Go to your room. And stay there. Don't you dare contact Leo," he said in a low voice and she shook her head, eyes filling with tears as she hurried into her room, locking the door behind herself as she began to cry. Bones stormed back into the kitchen, his fist making contact with the wall hard enough for him to swear under his breath. "Honey, calm down, take a deep breath and-" "Don't. Don't tell me to calm down! I don't know how you can be so relaxed when our son is off being used as a… a fucking human sex toy to that out of control, pointy-eared-" "Leonard." Carol interrupted him firmly and he stopped ranting, taking a deep breath and looking at her. She was perfectly calm sitting at the kitchen table, eyes locked on him. "Sit down," she said gently and he nodded, hands trembling as he pulled out a chair and lowered himself into it. "I know. I'm worried too. But I'm sure David will be fine, he can stick up for himself, we both know that, he's a tough cookie, Len," she said, putting one hand over his and squeezing lightly. "Tough or not, I saw Jim when Spock was done with him and it weren't pretty," he mumbled and Carol shook her head. "But he's only half Spock. He's more human, both of those twins are more human and you know it, just because they have pointed ears and copper-based blood, you know how human they are deep down," she soothed and he nodded. "I know. I just… the size of him… if he turned nasty… there's no way David'd be able to fight back… the kids like a fuckin' wall of muscle," he said and Carol sighed. "Yeah, sure, he is, but that doesn't mean anything. Deep down he's still Jim's son, Jim and Spock did a good job on those kids and they spent a lot of time around us too. I'm sure he'll be in control at least to some degree," she said, blue eyes firmly on Leonard's hazel ones. He blinked hard and nodded. "I'm sorry, I just-" "No. It's fine. I'm worried too, but there's nothing we can do, so try not to let it get the better of you. I'll go and talk to Emily," she said, going to stand up. Leonard grabbed her arm gently to stop her. "Don't. Just leave her simmer down for a while. She's like me when she's mad," he said with a small chuckle. "Alright," Carol agreed, leaning down to place a tender kiss on her husband's lips. Emily paced her room. Occasionally she'd mutter curses under her breath, or glance at her communicator that seemed to just be daring her to defy her father and call Leo. As it started to ring she practically leapt across the room to answer it. "H-hello?" she whispered. "Emily? Why are you whispering?" Seren asked. "Oh. Hey Ser. No reason. Just… uh… was in character, you know, that play I'm doing, I kind of forgot for a second," she lied quickly. Seren was silent for a moment as if assessing her answer before she responded. "I cannot understand how one person can pretend to be another… the idea just… confuses me," she said finally. "It's just a bit of fun," Emily shrugged. "I see." Emily had sometimes wondered if Seren knew the concept of the word 'fun'. Sure, she'd go out and participate in family activities whenever Jim had arranged them when they were all kids, but then she got so into studying that she never seemed to do much else. "I wanted to ask if you were doing anything? I need to go shopping and thought maybe you'd like to join me," she asked, somewhat awkwardly. Emily was taken aback by the suggestion. Her and Seren had been friends growing up, but had barely spoken in the time she was away, and she wondered why all of a sudden she was asking to hangout. "Uh… yeah, sure, when did you want to go, now?" she asked. "That would be acceptable," Seren responded and Emily chuckled. "You're so Spockish when you say things like that." "I do not believe 'Spockish' is a real adjective." "Yeah it is… me and Leo say it all the time to describe things…" Emily trailed off. Just mentioning Leo was making her sad. "I see. When should I pick you up?" "Whenever, I'm not doing anything," Emily said and the girls quickly arranged to go out in half an hour. Thirty minutes flew by quickly and Emily bounded down the stairs and out of the house in one smooth movement, avoiding the kitchen where her father was no doubt still smouldering away. The sleek, silver car hovering outside was so very inviting as the brisk October air ruffled Emily's blonde hair, nipping at her fingertips and making her wish she'd worn gloves. "Hey, it's so cold today!" she said as she clambered into the passenger seat and pulled on her seatbelt. "I am aware," she smiled, hinting at the woollen scarf around her neck. Judging by how much of a mess it was, Emily guessed it was one that Winona had knitted by hand. "How are you?" Emily asked as they began to drive. "I am well. How are you? Adjusting well to life at home?" Emily shifted a little in the seat, reaching to turn on the radio. "I'm alright. Life is pretty quiet… I guess. Besides arguing with my Dad at every possible moment. What's happening with Chris and David is pretty wild, huh?" Seren raised an eyebrow. "Wild is one way of describing it." "Hey, if we're going to talk about my brother fucking your brother, I'm going to need chocolate first," piped up a voice from the back seat and Emily turned around, her face breaking into a grin as she saw Leo hiding back there, laying awkwardly across the seats curled into a ball. "You enormous goofball!" she chuckled, reaching back and shoving him playfully. "Well hello to you too! I'll have you know I'm risking my life by being here. Your dad threatened me with disembowelment if he catches me anywhere near you," he smirked and Emily rolled her eyes. "He's such a drama queen." "Well, he sounded serious, and I don't want to be cut up into chunks and fed to hungry tribbles so let's keep this quiet, shall we?" he said, sinking back down in the seat so he was invisible from the outside of the car. Emily laughed at him making a fool of himself and turned back to Seren. "So you didn't really want to go shopping? You did all this just so we could hangout?" she asked and Seren hesitated, Leo diving in to answer before she could. "No no, she needs to go shopping, but so do I. It's Scotty's annual Halloween party next weekend and neither of us have costumes! I'm in charge of getting Christopher's too, seeing as he's temporarily uh… incapacitated," he trailed off. "I hadn't even thought about Halloween," Emily sighed but then grinned as she remembered the pictures she had seen from the previous years party. "Is Jim dressing up again this year? I saw the pictures from before, that was hilarious!" Emily giggled and Seren allowed herself a small laugh. "No. He's not. Not with Spock here, he'll be on his best behaviour." "I still don't believe he did that," Emily chuckled, shaking her head. "I can't wait to see the pictures of it," Leo grinned. "I still can't believe your dad didn't kill him!" he added and Emily grinned. "From what I heard he was pretty close to it. Everyone else found it funny, I mean, even my mom found it hilarious that Jim dressed up as her, she wasn't offended at all, she even asked him how he keeps in such good shape to fit into the blue dress so well." Leo snorted. "Jim doesn't eat anything. That's how he stays so skinny. He eats more though, now Spock's home," he said and Seren nodded. She'd also noticed this about her father. He was always busy, always preoccupied and often missing meals. Something about Spock being there seemed to help him remember to take better care of himself. "They seem to be getting along better, like a lot better from what I hear around the house," Leo said and Seren nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah. They're really sweet at the moment. It's quite nice to see them like this, I was really worried Jim was going to throw him out for being away so long and acting like he didn't care about it." "He's too Vulcan for his own good." "Yeah. Sometimes. But anyway, Jim's got him back to being his old self again, it's like I remember him from when he were kids," Seren smiled. Emily relaxed into her seat, just listening to the exchange between brother and sister. She jumped slightly when she felt a hand cover hers where it was hanging down the side of the seat. Blushing slightly, she smiled at Leo as he continued talking to his sister, though his eyes were firmly on her, his fingers softly touching hers and making it hard to concentrate. "You see anything yet then?" Seren asked as they finally arrived at the large shopping complex on the outskirts of the city. "No I don't think so. It's all the same, dark, boring, y'know, same shit different day," he said and Seren rolled her eyes. "Be patient." "Yeah, yeah, I am," he said with a small smile. Emily could see the doubt on his face. "Hmm, holding hands, what would Bones have to say about this," Seren teased as she noticed their hands touching. Leo didn't move his hand away and shrugged. "Don't care. Are we here?" he asked, feeling the car had stopped moving. "Yeah. We are. What do you need for your super-secret costume then?" Emily asked curiously and he smirked. "Black hair dye, that washes out," he said and Seren pulled a face. "You're dying your hair? That seems a little extreme for a costume for one night." "Not me. Christopher is dying his hair. Mine is staying the same, because apparently it's 'just right'," he said and Emily gave Seren a quizzical look as they all climbed out of the car. "What are you two plotting?" "That's for us to know and you to find out. Anyway. Let's get this over with, I hate shopping almost as much as I hate the person who decided putting trees in the middle of sidewalks was a good idea," Leo grumbled and Emily smiled, walking close enough to him that their shoulders touched. She knew he was grateful for it, as it meant she could lead him the right way discreetly without him having to walk behind her with his hand on her shoulder. "Can I… hold your hand again? I kind of liked it," he mumbled awkwardly and she smiled. "Yeah sure, I kind of liked it too," she said, lowering her hand and taking his, meshing their fingers together and causing Seren to laugh out loud as Leo blushed green right up to the very tips of his ears. "What? What's funny?" Emily asked and Leo shook his head. "You two, making out in public," Seren smirked and Emily glanced down at their hands before remembering. "I forgot. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-" she stammered, quickly repositioning their hands so they were palm to palm without their fingers interlocked, just lightly holding on. "It's ok, I'm not complaining," he smirked and she shoved him, making him laugh. "You're terrible." "You're overdue," Jim said suddenly as he and Spock sat quietly in their living room. Spock knew exactly what he was talking about. "I am aware of this fact," he said and Jim looked at him carefully. "Any idea on… when?" Jim asked and Spock shook his head slightly. "None. I have felt no symptoms of the onset, yet." "Just make sure you let me know," Jim said and Spock nodded. "I will be sure to." Jim sighed and ran a hand through his hair, glancing at the clock again. "It's been over twenty-four hours. How do you think David is holding up now?" he asked. "I am quite certain he will find a way to get through it, T'hy'la. It is important after this that Christopher learns to centre his mind, the fact he has never done so could be one explanation for the premature onset of his Pon Farr." "Yeah. I guess so. But I mean I don't know when the last time Leo meditated was, he's been so busy with… everything." Spock leant across and took Jim's hand. "Everything will work out eventually, ashayam, do not allow your thoughts to be troubled." Jim smiled as Spock placed a small kiss on his forehead. "I can't seem to clear my head at the moment, everything is just… I don't know. It's all been so crazy since you've come home," he sighed. Chris. Stop. I don't like it when you bite. The teeth attacking his neck didn't stop, no matter how much David silently begged them to. Hands gripping his wrists pinning them firmly to the bed on either side of his head, rendering his hands useless. "Stop it," David mumbled, finally verbalising his discomfort. He could still feel traces of Chris inside his mind, though the meld had been broken, and he was uncomfortable. His entire body was burning as he tried to fight off the hybrid sprawled on top of him. David wrapped his legs around Chris' waist and heaved with all his might, managing to flip them so he was on top. He noticed a small rattling sound from the bedpost and glanced up, noticing something silver and circular wrapped around the post and disappearing below the mattress. Christopher had gone still, staring up at him hungrily, seeming to have accepted his display of dominance and gone into submissive mode again. David felt at the fresh wound on his neck, removing his hand to find sticky red blood staining his fingertips. "This is bullshit Chris, you're making me bleed," he sighed as he lunged for whatever the object was on the bedpost. "You kinky son of a bitch!" Handcuffs. Real, Starfleet handcuffs. "You… oh my god, you sexual predator," David shook his head, but then smirked as a rush of heat washed over him. "Won't be able to fight me so well with one hand, will you huh pointy?" he taunted, lowering his mouth to Christopher's and kissing him roughly, enough to distract him as he slowly dragged his wrist within range of the cuff. Finally getting it close enough he snapped it closed and smiled triumphantly into the kiss. At least now he stood half a chance if Chris turned particularly nasty. David. I need- "Oh holy shit, you're in my head… but you're not in my head…" David gasped, breaking the kiss immediately as Chris' voice echoed in his mind. Dark eyes pleaded with him as he stared down at the man below him, his entire body tensing as a wave of lust like nothing he'd ever before experienced crashed over him. "Mine," David muttered, scrambling for the bottle of lube and grabbing one of Chris' legs, forcing it up and over his shoulder. Christopher whined as two fingers were pressed into him quickly, maybe too quickly, David couldn't explain the sudden sense of desperation and urgency that had overcome him. "Sorry… I… I don't know what's wrong with me, I just…" David trailed off, becoming entirely too distracted by every molecule of his body telling him to fuck to continue to form coherent thought. Lips clashed in messy kisses as the fire raging between them burned out of control. "Oh my god, are you contagious or something?" David muttered, his heart pounding in his chest and sweat beading on his body. Contagious in a way. Our minds are… joining, a little, enough for the fever to spread, but I can't do it properly, I don't know how. "That how I can hear you even though you're too wound up to talk?" David asked, removing his fingers and adding more lube before plunging them back into the impossible heat, making Christopher writhe and let out a low moan. Yeah. I'm just projecting it right at you. And a little to the left would be great. "Feel like I'm talking to myself a little bit." David deliberately moved his fingers further to the right. Well… could you hurry up? You're not going to hurt me, I'm ready. That being all the encouragement David needed, he removed his fingers entirely and lined up, maintaining his eye-contact with Christopher as he entered, drawing gasps from them both. You're better in bed than I thought you'd be, I mean I'd give you maybe a six out of ten? "You need to shut up," David said through gritted teeth as he bottomed out, keeping still for a second. Not impressed you've got me tied up with my own handcuffs though, I mean that's totally unfa- The thoughts stopped coming as David pulled out a few inches and roughly thrust forward. "Shut. Up." Gripping any part of Chris' body he could get a firm hold of, David set a hard and steady pace, the Vulcan's hips rising insistently to meet his every movement. Sweat rolled down David's chest, blood rushed in his ears, fire burned in his mind. Mine. Fuck. Claim. Take. Mine. Christopher whimpered and nodded before speaking his first coherent word in over thirty hours. "Y-yours." David bit his lip so hard he could taste blood as he struggled to maintain the pace. His body was tired, but the fever urged him on, faster, harder, more. I need to… Christopher struggled to raise his hand to David's face. He knew he had to do something to complete the unfinished bond, or the fever would kill him and possibly even David. He pressed his hand to David's face, focusing hard on connecting their minds. Stop. David groaned and stopped moving, sprawled on top of Christopher and panting for breath. I'm going to try and… get this thing finished. It'll be like me offering you a rope inside your mind. You need to just take it and hold onto it until I say, alright? David pushed his sweaty hair back off his forehead and nodded weakly against Chris' shoulder. Screwing his eyes tightly closed Christopher focused hard on finding secure locations inside of David's mind to tether their bond to. Strong memories they had made together, emotional moments, moments of friendship, moments of trust. David was startled as he felt a strange warmth inside his mind. That. Reach for it, go to it, do whatever feels like it'll keep it there. David focused hard on the area the feeling was coming from, the feeling beginning to spread. Good. More. "Can't." You need to. Just a little bit further. David took a deep breath, delving further into the thoughts that didn't belong to him. Memories that he had of his own, but seen from the other set of eyes, conversations heard from the other set of ears. Is this right? David asked inside his mind and Chris' hand moved from his face at last, moving to the back of his neck, thumb tracing the skin lightly. That's perfect. It felt like a click as everything fell into place. David closed his eyes as an overwhelming rush of information entered his mind all at once. Memories and thoughts and dreams that didn't belong to him, all being exchanged for his own which were being shared with his new bondmate. His body burned. He didn't know when he started moving again. He was aware of his eyes still being closed, Christopher's lips against his, moaning, panting, pleasure spreading through his veins feeling like cool water relieving burned skin. T'hy'la. Kashkau, wuhkuh eh teretuhr. Estuhn wi ri estuhn; k'wuhli wi ri k'wuhli. David whimpered against Christopher's lips as his body tensed, movements becoming erratic as he reached the dizzying peak of the most intense climax he had ever experienced. "David," Christopher managed out as he peaked simultaneously, cock straining as he struggled to ejaculate barely a few drops, gasping in pleasure all the while. Chests heaving they lay together, hearts pounding, bodies in sync as their new bond fluttered to life. I don't think I can move. Christopher opened his eyes slowly, his free hand tangling in David's sweaty hair as he pressed a kiss to the side of his head. "I don't think I mind too much." "You're such as asshole!" Emily giggled as Leo pulled a face. "Come on, it's not like you can see to get awkward about it!" she argued and he stood his ground firmly. "I'm not going in a girls underwear shop with you. It's bad enough you've dragged me around this place for hours already, but no. I draw the line at underwear shopping," he said stubbornly. "You're such a butt." "I know you are but what am I?" he teased and she sighed, crossing her arms. "Seren, tell your brother to stop being such a baby," she said and Seren raised an eyebrow. "I don't think I should get involved." "Fine," Emily sighed, grabbing Leo's arm and starting to drag him along again, away from the store in question. "Yay! Are we done now?" he asked with a smirk and she frowned. "I thought you wanted to hang out? That was why you broke me out of jail, right?" she asked and he chuckled. "Yeah. But… I'm kind of tired," he mumbled. "You're always tired. Hey, Seren, could you maybe check him over or something? He's always tired," she asked and Seren gave a small nod. "Yeah. I can take a look at him for you. I need to get one more thing, can I meet you at the car shortly?" she asked, looking in the opposite direction to the exit. Emily nodded. Seren had spent all day feeling like an awkward third wheel as Emily and Leo flirted outrageously. She couldn't wait to get away from them, as sweet as they were together, as it only reminded her of how much was riding on Leo's surgery being successful. "Sure. I'll get crybaby here a cinnamon sugar pretzel for being so well behaved and we'll meet you there," she said and Leo grinned. "I'm not allowed cinnamon sugar, makes me do strange things," he smirked and Seren nodded. "Maybe another selection of flavour would be advisable, he does tend to have an adverse reaction to cinnamon." "Why? What happens?" Emily giggled and Leo shook his head. "You'll see." Seren parted ways with Emily and Leo, the pair walking back towards the food-court and the promise of sugary-snacks. "Why did you need black hair dye?" "Not telling." "Why shouldn't you eat cinnamon sugar?" "Because I get really hyperactive," he confessed and Emily grinned. "Oh we are so testing this theory!" Emily ate the first half of the pretzel before handing it over to Leo who put it in his mouth before retracting it. "You've already bitten this!" he protested. "Uh... yeah, so? I thought we were sharing?" "Ew. Gross. It's got girl-germs all over it," he pouted and she rolled her eyes, smirking to herself as she saw him beginning to blush. She couldn't help herself and leaned across the table, placing a light kiss on his cheek. "Here. Have some more girl germs." He froze and his eyes locked onto her face, one hand reaching out and cupping the side of her face, thumb lightly caressing her cheekbone in a way that made every hair on the back of her neck stand up. She stared into his eyes, so excited for the day he'd be staring back and actually seeing. He inched slightly closer and her heart fluttered. He's going to kiss me. She moved towards him, the gap between their lips evaporating quickly. Oh my god. Her heart was pounding in her chest so hard it felt like it might explode, palms sweaty, mouth suddenly bone dry. His lips awkwardly made contact with her cheek and she smiled as he pulled away and frowned. "I missed," he sighed and she smiled, one of her own hands settling on the side of his face. "That's ok, practice makes perfect," she said softly, leaning in and pressing her lips to his gently, pulling back after a few seconds and grinning as she looked at him. His eyes were closed, lips slightly parted, expression on his face somewhere between complete wonderment and entirely lost. "I uh… I guess you have better aim than me," he shifted awkwardly in his seat. "For now Captain Kirk, for now," she smiled, taking his hand off her face and giving it an encouraging squeeze. "Don't call me that, ever," he said, pulling a face. "Why?" she asked. "Because… well… I heard some stuff coming from Jim and Spock's bedroom that I really didn't need to hear, and now the words 'Captain' and 'Commander' are forever tainted," he chuckled and it was her turn to grimace. "Gross." "Yeah. Pretty gross." She laughed. "That's… wow… that's a pretty traumatising thought right there." "Yes. Yes it is. On the plus side, it's taken care of the awkward boner I was worrying about hiding on the way out, but I guess every cloud has a silver lining!" he said cheerfully as he got up out of the chair, taking a large bite out of the pretzel he was still holding in his left hand. Emily's jaw dropped. It was a good few seconds before she started laughing hard. "You're terrible!" "Yeah, probably, what are you gonna do about it?" he smirked and she shook her head as she grinned, the smile staying on her face the whole way home. Not even the thought of her daddy finding out she'd been out with Leo was enough to make her unhappy as they quietly held hands in the car, him sitting in the back and her up front with her hand dangling between the seats. Thanks for reading! :3 Leave a review if you'd like! Which couple are you rooting for the most? Who's your favourite of the kids? And how do you picture them? I love hearing different views on it :D
A/N Here's the next part for you guys, thanks for being patient, and sorry it took a little longer than usual. I've noticed a lot of people in their reviews asking for more Jim and Spock. I'm trying, but I can't really force scenes if they are irrelevant to the story. There is some BIG Jim and Spock story coming up, but just be patient, we'll get there :) Chapter Eleven Joanna yawned and rubbed at her eyes. It had been a late night, she'd been kept up as she alternated talking with her parents and Jim, neither of them knowing she was also talking to the other party. Her father was annoyed about what was happening between Christopher and David, and Jim was annoyed that her father was annoyed. She'd often find herself caught in the middle when the two men would bicker, and would try and not take sides wherever possible. On this occasion, she secretly agreed with Jim. She understood that her father was less than thrilled about the fact Christopher had practically abducted her brother for his own needs for the time being, but couldn't understand how her father was so upset at the prospect of one of his children being in a relationship with one of Jim and Spock's children. As kids they'd all been best friends, and Joanna had always had a feeling something would happen one day that would bring the two families together. Sipping at her much-needed cup of coffee, she pulled up her first assignment of the day, an article to translate into five different Federation planet languages before publication. She narrowed her eyes as she read it before getting up from her desk, her heart pounding in her ears as she began to fill with rage. Reaching the door of her supervisor's office, she didn't even knock. "McCoy! What's the delay on-" "This! You expect me to… this is bullshit! This is untrue!" she interrupted, brandishing the PADD at her superior who stared blankly at her. "Untrue or not, that's not your job to decide, just translate it." Doing her best to keep calm, she made another attempt at maintaining some degree of professionalism. "If I could request another article to translate instead, I'd be more than happy to-" "You've been given your assignment. When it's complete, you can have another." "But-"Joanna began, stopping as she glanced back down at the article and the headline staring up at her. The words burned at her eyes. She couldn't bear the thought of the damage this bullshit could create if it was to be published. A series of pictures were attached and she shook her head as she looked at them. Jim and Emily, out having dinner together. They'd been followed and photographed what looked like the entire time. Every smile, laugh and occasional touch was being made into something it most definitely was not. A sordid affair. Between Jim and his own best friends daughter. "You know this is all fabrication! I'm not translating this, it's a pile of… no. This is fucking outrageous. I'm not doing it," Joanna said firmly, setting the PADD down on the desk before her supervisor who looked up at her with mild interest at what she might do next. "Joanna. I'm telling you that you have to-" "Well in that case, I quit," Joanna said blankly. "You quit?" "I quit. You can take your bullshit article about my sister and my uncle Jim, and you can cram it right up where the sun doesn't shine. I'm done," she said, turning and storming out. She grabbed her things from her desk, not that there was much there anyway, just a few pictures and her bag. She made it all the way to her car before she felt herself beginning to calm down. "Em… there's going to be a story, it's going to come out… you and Jim were followed that night you had dinner, and it's being implied that there's something going on between you two. Call me back when you pick this up," she left a quick message for her sister to warn her of the impending storm before starting to drive. In a daze Joanna crossed town, parking her car in a familiar spot and walking to where she was heading. She tapped on Jim's office door, finding it unusual that it was closed at all seeing as he liked to keep it open. "Come in." He sounded tired and he looked no better. "Hey Jo," he said, pushing aside what he was working on and leaning back in his seat. "Hey Uncle Jim, how are you?" He shrugged and ran his hands through his hair. "Stressed," he admitted. "Yeah, you look it, I guess I'm the same," she said as she sat opposite him. "What's wrong?" he asked and she shook her head. "I just told my boss to cram his shitty job up his butt for trying to make me translate a bullshit story about you for some trashy magazine," she said and Jim's jaw dropped. "You… did what?" he asked and she smiled slightly. "You're welcome. Not that it'll stop it, they'll just get somebody else to translate it. It'll probably hit tomorrows headlines, just figured I should warn you to be ready for it," she said and Jim nodded. "What are they talking shit about now? Am I dying again? Or did I have another orgy with some other bunch of people I've never met?" he asked and she chuckled. Jim and Spock had always been under media scrutiny. It seemed people were just far too interested in them to leave them alone to actually just live their lives. When Jim had taken his wedding ring off for a few weeks the rumour mill had gone into overdrive, just as it had done when a picture of him appeared emerging from the hospital looking particularly skinny, though all he'd been doing there was visiting Bones on his break. "Well… not exactly. They got some pictures of you and Emily having dinner the other night, and… well… they think you're having an affair with her," Joanna said and Jim raised an eyebrow. "Oh boy," he muttered. "Yeah." They both fell silent until Jim began to laugh. "Bones is going to go fucking crazy when he hears about this! I mean Jesus; I thought he was mad enough about David and Christopher, and now this too? He'll have an aneurism or something," he said and Joanna smiled and nodded. "Yeah. Probably. Have you heard from David or…?" she asked, trailing off immediately at the look on Jim's face. He only looked his age when he was tired. Otherwise he looked almost the same as when she knew him as a little girl. His startling blue eyes were dull today, with dark circles beneath them, lines in his face that looked shallow just the day before now seemingly much more pronounced. "No. Haven't heard anything. I mean it's only been three days… could go on for a week. I was getting tempted to go let myself into his apartment… but I don't think that'd go down too well. I might get Leo to come let me in, but that's not really fair with him and his surgery coming up and-" Jim stopped talking abruptly and Joanna narrowed her eyes. "What surgery? I thought he already had that vision treatment… Seren did it with the transporter? What are you talking about?" she asked and Jim quickly backtracked. "I uh… yeah that's what I meant." "No it isn't. You said surgery coming up. What surgery?" she asked and Jim shifted in his seat and scratched his face, fingers scraping over two days of golden stubble. "I can't say. I've already said too much and I… I can't talk about it," he said. Joanna was silent for a minute, carefully considering her next question. It was very obvious to her that Leo was sick with something. She hadn't wanted to say, and she didn't see him as often as she once did, but he had certainly changed. He'd looked exhausted and weak, and thinner, and like he was struggling to keep himself upbeat and chattering away as normal. "How bad is it? Is it his heart again?" she asked quietly and Jim sighed, his eyes dropping and focusing on the desk before him. "It's not his heart, but it's pretty bad," he said and Joanna was silent, just allowing him to talk in his own time. She wasn't prepared for the answer she was given, nor did she know how she would keep it a secret from her sister. Christopher opened his eyes slowly. Relief flooded through him as he realised it was over, the burning in his body had stopped. His eyes locked onto the person he had to thank for it. He couldn't remember much of what had happened, and he was relieved to see he appeared uninjured. David's face was relaxed as he slept; hair a mess and a small amount of dark stubble on his face. He looked a lot like his father with his eyes closed. Chris took a few seconds to appreciate how handsome his new bondmate really was, with his chiselled jaw and strong cheekbones and striking blue-gray eyes. "Stop staring at me you creep," David mumbled sleepily and Chris smiled to himself, resisting the urge to cuddle up to David and keeping his distance. He tried to reposition and flinched as his right wrist wouldn't move. He moved his pillow and groaned as he noticed himself bound to the bedpost. "Hey, be a pal and cut me loose?" he asked and David groaned before clambering across him, still naked, and unlocking the cuff. Christopher winced as he brought his arm back down, rubbing his sore shoulder and where the skin of his wrist was aggravated from the cuff being around it too long. "Thanks wifey," he smirked and David glared at him as he collapsed back into a horizontal position, laying on his stomach. "You ever call me that again and I'll tell the whole damn universe how you just spent the last three days begging me to fuck you," he threatened and Chris sighed. "Uh… yeah… if we could keep that between us that'd be great," he said and David smirked. "God you were needy as hell, never seen anything like it. I'm so damn tired I don't think I can move," he mumbled as he closed his eyes. They lay in a slightly awkward silence for a few moments until David spoke again. "You're welcome, by the way." "Thank you David," Christopher said quickly, responding to the prompt. "I didn't hurt you, did I?" he asked and David shrugged. "Nothing I can't handle." "So I did hurt you?" Chris asked and David sighed. "Chris, I'm trying to sleep. Can we talk later?" Christopher fell silent and David peeked one eye open to look at him. "God damn it, don't sulk! Fuck. Look, you bit me a lot," he turned and angled his head so Chris could see the nasty wound on his neck, still covered in a little dried blood. "And I'm bruised, and sore in a place you don't need to know about," he mumbled as he closed his eyes again. Christopher stared hard at him for a few minutes as he stubbornly tried to go back to sleep. Really, David, thank you. I probably would have died and- "Cut that out. You don't need to thank me, I was hardly going to let you die if I could prevent it… just… we're never talkin' about this again, ok? Like… we didn't have sex. It didn't happen," he said firmly and Christopher nodded. "Right." "And this mind… thing? We can get that broken, yes?" "Uh… it isn't really that simple, but we can look into it. I mean do you not want… to… be bonded?" he asked and David's eyes widened. "God damn it man, you really think I wanna spend my whole life listenin' to your stupid space-elf thoughts? No. Hell no." Christopher felt heat rising in his cheeks as he began to blush. He felt a strange tightening in his chest that he'd never before experienced and an odd sick feeling accompanying it. "I didn't mean it like that," David quickly corrected. "I understand. I don't really want to be bonded to you either," Christopher shrugged as he got out of bed and stretched before heading in the direction of the shower to wash away three days he'd really rather not think about, and doing his best not to show much David's comment had stung. David lay in Christopher's bed and listened to the water running. There was no doubt in his mind this had altered their friendship in a way that meant things between them would never be the same again, but David was conflicted. Part of him cared deeply for his part-Vulcan friend, but another part of him felt it was only as a friend. Certainly their physical acts had gone beyond the boundaries of friendship but he couldn't process his thoughts clearly enough to decide if he wanted those things to continue happening. "God damn it all," David muttered as he hauled himself out of bed, scrambling for his clothes that had been lying forgotten on the floor the whole time. He pulled on his boxers first, hunting around for his jeans and shirt, locating the jeans first and pulling them on. As he fumbled to get them buttoned he looked up. "Running away, huh?" Christopher asked, dark eyes staring at him accusingly. He was only wearing a towel, and water was running from his sodden hair down his chest. Don't. Don't look. Just look at his face. Just because of what's happened it doesn't mean its forever. He's just your friend. Just your friend. "I uh… yeah. I need to go home," David said, scratching the back of his head and ruffling his hair. Chris nodded shortly. "Sure. Don't let me hold you up," he said, walking past him closely enough for their shoulders to just brush against one-another and going to his closet. David stared at his turned back, eyes following the trickles of water descending over the toned flesh before he snapped out of it and continued fastening his pants. A shuffling of fabric announced that Christopher had dropped his towel and was scrambling for clothes. "Dude, I'm still in the room, do you mind?" David frowned and Chris pulled a face, but kept his back to his friend as he snatched a pair of boxer-briefs from his drawer and put them on. "Really? You're going to go weird about this, after what we've been doing for the last three days? I'm pretty sure you must know what I look like naked by now." "I… yeah… but I mean, it's all over, right? We can go back to being buddies again and not fucking each other. What even was that anyway?" David asked and Christopher sighed. "It's called Pon Farr, the Vulcan mating drive, and it works on a seven year cycle. Basically. Vulcan's are most often pre-bonded at the age of around seven, their bondmate is selected for them and a mental link is established which when they mature will become a full bond. None of us three had this, because Jim wanted us to be able to grow up and fall in love and bond with whoever we chose, he didn't want himself or Spock picking for us. I think it was assumed it wouldn't be a problem because we're only partially Vulcan, but, then I was a bit of an idiot and started joining my mind to yours without realising I was doing it. All that goofing around with mind-melding when we were kids? Yeah. I didn't realise until lately that I'd done it." Christopher didn't turn to look at David, but pulled a clean white tee from his closet and pulled it over his head as he continued to explain. "Now usually, Pon Farr doesn't happen until around age thirty-five. I think because I never actually meditate or do a whole lot to control my mind I brought it on myself," he finished and David nodded once to acknowledge what had been said. Their eyes met for a few seconds, both remaining stock still and just staring at each other. Chris took the first step forwards, one hand settling on the side of David's face, the other on his side, warm skin soft under his fingertips as David's shirt still hung uselessly from his hand. Their lips brushed together lightly, a short, chaste kiss very different from the others they had shared. David jolted backwards, shaking his head. "No. I can't do this. I… I'm straight. I've told you this. I only did this to save your life. I… well… I don't want a relationship with you, I don't feel that way about you," he said quickly and Christopher didn't visibly react at all, though on the inside he felt panic rising. "That's fine," he said quietly and David nodded, pulling his shirt over his head quickly. "Probably better if you leave now." "Oh believe me, I'm going," David said as he snatched up his jacket and started heading for the door. "In a few weeks it wont be awkward between us anymore, don't sweat it, I know you're straight too, I understand now, it was an accident right? It's cool. Let's just… not talk about it again, and speak to someone about breaking this mind… bond… whatever. Later, man," David said as he let himself out, Christopher standing damp and dumbstruck in his boxers and tee-shirt. He stared at the door for a few seconds before running a hand through his wet hair and heading back into the bedroom to finish getting dressed so he could go and do the only thing he felt he could do at this point, run home to his parents like a scared little boy. "Thank god you're alright," Jim sighed as he dragged his son into a hug. "Yeah yeah, I'm fine," he mumbled against his shoulder, trying to get away from the contact. "Are you uh… all… sorted?" Jim asked awkwardly as he let him go and Christopher nodded. "Yeah. I'm ok. I mean, I… David is weird as hell, about all of it, I mean I can't say I blame him, but yeah, we aren't together or anything, and we'll break our bond, it isn't all that strong anyway, I didn't do a very good job of it." Christopher was doing his best to ignore the part of his mind that was connected to David's. There were thoughts there, information flooding in from where David hadn't shielded it, but he ignored it. He didn't want to think about David. Jim glanced at Spock who looked just as relieved as he felt that they'd got their son back in one piece. "And David is uninjured?" Spock asked and Christopher nodded. "Yeah, turns out I was… uh… he's fine, yeah, he's fine," he quickly averted but Jim caught his eye and understood what he meant, raising an eyebrow slightly. "Glad to hear it, maybe now Bones will calm the hell down. And you guys are sure you aren't going to… have a relationship now?" Jim asked and Christopher shook his head, though a flicker of uncertainty lingered in his eyes. "Yeah. David decided, we decided. We don't feel that way about each other, we're just friends you know, and this whole thing was just me having been really, really dumb. But it's fine, I'll do my meditation now and next time I'll be ready for it, I'm sure David will still be around in seven years as my friend." Jim looked carefully at his eldest son. He looked hurt, like someone had said something to upset him, but Jim knew he was unlikely to get a straight answer. He wondered if perhaps the feelings between David and Christopher were one-sided, and Chris had wanted to keep their bond and build a relationship whilst David didn't want to do that. "Well alright, so long as you're ok. Spock, how hard would it be to get their bond broken?" "They would require the assistance of a Vulcan healer, so would likely need to travel to New Vulcan, however if they are true T'hy'la, it is unlikely the bond will be able to broken well. The experience will be highly unpleasant and a residual bond will remain between them," he said and Chris shrugged in a way that said to Jim 'what David wants, he gets'. "You don't want to break it, do you?" Jim asked and Chris tensed. "I… don't want to talk about it. Is Leo here?" Jim and Spock glanced at each other before Spock spoke first with a quickly concocted lie. "Leo is with Emily McCoy, I believe they went to the park." Chris smirked. "So he's still trying to get in her pants?" "No, Chris, it's really sweet, that's not what he's trying to do. They're like lovesick puppies around each other, it's so cute," Jim said and Chris pretended to retch. "Disgusting Anyway, you got any food? I'm starving!" Sheepishly, David knocked the corner of his father's office at the hospital. He'd gone home first but nobody had been there, a note left on the side told him his mother had gone to Starfleet London for a conference, and his father was at work until much later. "Just a second," his father called from inside the room. David waited patiently until the door slid open, his father standing on the other side and blocking most of his view into the room. He glimpsed familiar golden hair sitting in a chair over near the corner, connected to some kind of IV drip filled with a greenish liquid, before his father stepped forwards and the door was closed behind him. "Was that Leo? Or Jim?" "None of your damn business. Are you alright?" he asked, tricoder appearing from nowhere and whirring as it was rapidly waved around in front of his face. "I'm fine. Really. I'm ok," he said and Bones relaxed. "I was real worried about you," he sighed and David nodded. "Shouldn't have been, I can take care of myself," he shrugged. "I know that, but against sex-crazed Vulcan? I don't know, I don't want to know. Right, come with me, I'm checking you over, never know what you might have caught from that kid," he said and David blushed bright pink as his father began to drag him down a corridor. "Dad! Stop it! I'm fine, really, I'm sure I haven't-" The rest of his sentence was cut off as he was roughly sat down on a bio bed, then pushed so he was laying horizontally. Bones frowned as he caught sight of the bite mark on his son's neck before grabbing a hypospray from the side and jabbing him in the neck with it. "Dad!" "Oh quit your whinin', you sound just like Jim," he grumbled as he took a blood sample and wandered off with it. David sat up and glared after him, bringing his knees up and curling his arms around them, sitting in a ball until his father returned a few minutes later. "Well, you seem to be fine, but that nasty mark on your neck could do with some seeing to." David allowed his father to patch him up. He stayed silent the whole time, trying to make sense of the mess of thoughts and feelings flooding through him. A hand waving in front of his face brought him back to reality. "Earth to David, come in David," Bones smirked as David snapped out of his trance. "Sorry, huh?" "I was asking if you're y'know, are you and Kirk in a relationship now?" "No. We're not, and we never will be," he said firmly and Bones nodded. "It's fine if you are, I mean, I don't mind, man, woman, whoever makes you happy, but just-" "We're not. I don't feel that way about him. I just did what I had to do to help him out… that's as far as it goes," he snapped and his father retreated a few steps away from him. "Alright, Jesus, don't take it out on me." "I'm not, I just. God damn it, I don't even know. I need to go to sleep," David scratched his face. The stubble on his chin was itchy, he never usually let it go beyond a day, hating the feeling of not being clean-shaven. "Go home and go to bed, doctors orders." David rolled his eyes and left, glancing at the door of his father's office on the way past it. Had it been Leo or Jim he'd seen sitting in there? His mind couldn't quite process the image, he'd only had such a quick glimpse, just about catching sight of the back of their head, the familiar golden hair and then the IV drip next to them. He turned a corner of the corridor and saw Seren walking towards him in medical uniform, striding purposefully as if she was in a hurry to get somewhere. "Seren! How it going?" he asked and she smiled slightly. "I'm relieved to see you survived the last few days," she said shortly. "Yeah, me too," he said awkwardly. "I should go, I'm dealing with a patient," she said and he nodded as she continued walking down the corridor. She looked worried, pale and tired. Ask her what she looks so worried about. David flinched as Christopher's voice rang loudly through his head. Get out of here! What I'm doing is none of your damn business, leave me alone. The voice fell silent and David made his way home, taking a long hot shower before fixing himself a decent meal and then curling up on the couch once he'd eaten. Around mid-day Emily wandered into the room, still in her pyjama's and her hair a mess. "Morning," he mumbled and she smiled at him. "Hey stranger, you all done with your sex marathon?" she smirked and he raised his middle finger to her as she chuckled and sat down by his legs. "I am thanks," he responded and she laughed. "You look exhausted." "I feel exhausted, you should try doing that for three whole days, holy shit," he complained and she laughed again. "You slept in late," he pointed out and she shrugged. "I was up late last night," she said with a small smirk and he raised an eyebrow. "Oh yeah? Am I not the only one who's been gettin' some Kirk lately?" She blushed slightly and shook her head. "No. Not like that, but I was with him last night. We were just watching movies and lost track of time," she explained and David smirked at his older sister. "Oh yeah? Watching movies huh?" "Yes! That's all I swear!" she blushed a deeper red as she remembered the previous evening. She could feel herself trembling slightly as they sat together on the couch, movie on in the background but neither of them really paying attention. Their thighs were so close they were almost touching, and the temptation for her to take his hand was growing. "You cold?" he asked as he noticed her body quaking. "No," she mumbled and he moved slightly closer, his hand fumbling for her knee and missing by a few inches but then correcting quickly. "You're wearing shorts? No wonder you're cold!" he laughed as he trailed his fingertips over her kneecap, making her shiver. "Yeah but I'm wearing tights with my shorts, that's different," she pointed out, trapping a small piece of the nylon between her fingertips and stretching it before letting it ping back against her skin. He copied what she did with the tights covering her knee and smiled, leaning closer again. "You trying to flirt, huh?" she asked and he smiled innocently. "Is it working?" "Maybe a little," she chuckled and he grinned, leaning closer again and draping his arm around her shoulder. "Good." She cuddled in close as they momentarily went back to their movie before he began to speak. "So this morning I could see a little bit of light, not anymore, it's gone away again, but I could definitely see something," he said and she grinned, feeling her eyes fill with tears of happiness which she quickly got under control. "I'm so pleased for you," she grinned and he smiled, nuzzling his face against her cheek before placing a small kiss there. "You're so beautiful, I can't wait to see what I already know," he said softly and she giggled. "Stop it." "No. Really, I know you're going to be the most beautiful girl in the-" She silenced him by pressing her lips to his, kissing him gently. They broke apart after a few seconds and she opened her eyes to see him staring directly into hers. He moved forwards, kissing her more firmly though both of their mouths remained closed. One of his hands tangled in her hair and she whimpered against his mouth before she could stop herself as his hand on her knee moved up her thigh a little. She giggled and pulled his hand away from her leg, keeping it held in her own as their lips reconnected, this time his tongue tentatively pressing at her bottom lip. She kissed back, tasting him, losing herself a little bit. When she came back to her senses they were laying on the couch, tangled together and both breathing heavily. "Leo… you're bad," she giggled and he pecked the corner of her mouth. "You make me bad." "Do not." "Do too!" "Shut up!" "Make me," he smirked and she did, pressing her lips against his once again. They made out on the couch for the better part of two hours, until her lips were sore from the small amount of stubble on his face and both of their lips were swollen from overuse. Hands didn't wander, and he stayed respectful, keeping his hands either in her hair, on her face, or occasionally on her side or back. She was grateful for this, and felt completely at ease with his touch. "I should go, it's really late," she whispered and he leaned in to kiss her again. "Mmm don't go." "Sugar, I have to," she mumbled and he pouted. "You should come and stay in my bed with me, I wanna cuddle." "I do too, but didn't you say you had to be up early in the morning to go and meet Scotty?" He frowned. "Yeah. You have a point," he sighed and she detangled herself from him and stood up, feeling lightheaded. Since their first awkward kiss in the mall, all she'd wanted to do was kiss him, over and over, and now she'd been able to she wanted to do so much more. He tasted sweet, and was soft but firm with every kiss and touch, he made her feel like he was really paying attention to every tiny detail. He could feel his control slipping, and desire beginning to overcome logic. All he really wanted to do was throw her over his shoulder and carry her to his bed where they'd spend all night doing things he'd only ever dreamed of, but he knew he couldn't. "Em? So, what, you just spend all night making out or something?" David asked and she blinked hard before hiding half her face with her hand. "Something like that." "You know he's had a crush on you since as long as I can remember, right?" She buried her face in both her hands. "I know." "So you aren't messing him around are you? You really like him?" he asked and she frowned. "Of course I do, why would I mess with him?" "Well I don't know, I remember when we were kids and you didn't have a crush on him and then you were seeing that other guy, which by the way Mom and Dad still don't know about. Is it because he's going to be able to see, that why you suddenly think he's good enough?" Emily's hands balled into fists and she felt her temper rising. "It's got nothing to do with that. Don't be such a dick," she spat, rising from the couch and storming back up to her room. She immediately tried Leo's comm. but found it was switched off. Frustrated she flung herself back onto the bed and closed her eyes. Leo's head was spinning. He bit his lip as he felt the needle being removed from his skin. He always hated the dragging pain of the IV line being pulled out. "All done," Seren said and he nodded. "And this has improved my chances, right?" he asked. "Yes, it has, Leo I know how much you hate this, you're being so brave," she said and he frowned. "Doesn't feel all that brave, it feels like fear… like I'm running for my life. But I'm not doing this for me anymore. I want to spend the rest of my life with her, and that needs to be a long time," he said stubbornly and Seren nodded, making a small sound of agreement. Leo had reconsidered the last chemo. It was going to make him really, really sick and they both knew it. Bones knew it. Jim and Spock knew it. "I love how you haven't even had an official date and you're set on marrying her," she chuckled and he grinned. "It's gonna happen. I just know it. And then maybe in a few years we'll have a couple of kids, get a little house in the suburbs with a picket fence and we can video-comm. Jim and Spock out on their next big space adventure together and everything will be perfect," he said as he rolled his sleeve back down. Seren smiled sadly to herself. "You're such a hopeless romantic." "Another way of saying it is a great big sappy mess. How do you put up with me?" he asked and she shrugged. "I don't know, you have a pretty face, makes up for the sappiness," she said and he smiled. "You're just saying that." She laughed as she thought back to their childhood. Every single day Jim had made sure to assure Leo of his good-looks, and it was something Seren and Chris had adopted doing as they'd grown up. Leo would always laugh off their comments, sometimes he'd blush if Christopher was particularly crude, but Seren knew that deep down he appreciated it. "Alright, let's get me home so I can faceplant the shit out of my bed before this crap kicks in," he said as he hauled himself to his feet. "You got it," she nodded. Joanna McCoy arrived home mid-afternoon, a fresh set of cadet reds tucked under her arm. Jim had fast-tracked her admission and she was now a Cadet, he'd insisted as he argued she technically quit her job because of him so it was the least he could do. She'd join classes on Monday, going straight in as a second-year due to her previous linguistic experience. But that wasn't what she was thinking about. With trembling hands she set down the bundle of clothing and then sank down into the couch. Jim had broken down. He'd told her everything. Leo had cancer. Cancer. The word sounded so definitive, so final, so convincing that there was no way out of it, no way for him to survive. He was pushing himself hard, trying to remain normal around everyone who didn't know whilst completing gruelling chemotherapy. No wonder he always seemed tired. Joanna didn't know how to handle the information. Half of her felt like she should tell her siblings. Emily most of all deserved to know. She was clearly becoming attached to him, and he was lying by omission by keeping the information from her. But if David found out, Christopher would find out, and it had been kept from him as Jim had no idea how he'd handle it. Jo agreed with Jim. Christopher's reaction could be extreme to something so upsetting. She pulled herself back up from the couch and strolled over to the small kitchen area, picking up the bottle of Bourbon she kept there on the side. She didn't have to hide it in her own apartment, not like Bones kept it stashed under the sink from Carol. Not even bothering with a glass she unscrewed the cap, bringing the glass to her lips and taking a slow gulp, embracing the burn in her throat. Her door chime sounded some time later, and she dragged herself to her feet, not even remembering sitting on the kitchen floor. She swayed slightly as she opened the door, wiping away a few tears on her face with the back of her hand. "Jim told me that he told you," Seren said quietly. Joanna nodded and hiccupped. Seren stepped into the apartment, gently prying the bottle of alcohol from her hand. Joanna had expected her to place it on the side, and was surprised when she brought it to her own lips and took a hearty swig. "I don't know what to do," she whispered as tears burned at her blue eyes. Jim's eyes. "I don't know how you've –hic- kept it so quiet," Joanna sniffled. "It has been incredibly difficult, and even more difficult to maintain any kind of control over my emotions," she admitted, wiping away the single tear that had escaped onto her cheek. "Don't. You can talk to me about it, if you want to get it all out," Joanna offered and her friend nodded. She walked to the kitchen counter and placed down the bottle, before walking to the couch and looking at it as though she wanted to sit down. "You can sit, if you like, stay and talk," Joanna offered and Seren shook her head, her face crumpling as her tears began to flow freely. Joanna hurried to her and wrapped her in a hug. "Shh, it's ok," she soothed as harsh sobs wracked her friends body. "It isn't. I don't know what's going to happen, and he's got these huge dreams and I want, god, I want him to have everything he wants. I'd give anything for it to be me instead," she managed out between uncontrollable sobs. "Jim said the same thing," Joanna said quietly, one hand rubbing soothing circles into the taller woman's back as she held her in a comforting embrace. "He wants so badly to get married and have babies with your sister," Seren sniffled and Joanna smiled. "Known that since pretty much the day she was born, he wouldn't stop grabbing at her, I remember it so clearly." "I want him to have all of that. I saw them kiss at the mall the other day, and he missed her mouth, it was the sweetest thing I've ever seen, he blushed so badly," Seren said with a small chuckle as she tried to pull herself together. "Just have a bit of faith," Joanna urged, pulling back and placing her hands on Seren's shoulders who nodded in response. "We have to tell the others now though, it's unfair to keep it secret any longer, especially if his surgery is imminent," she continued and Seren nodded again. "After Scotty's party, once all that is done with, we'll talk to him and get him to tell everyone," she said and Joanna made a noise of agreement, letting her hands fall back to her sides. They stared at each other for a few seconds, both undoubtedly thinking the same thing. How would Emily, David and Christopher cope with the truth? Thank you again for all the reviews on the last chapter. I'm aware this one is a little chaotic, but it's to set up the next chapter which is going to be pretty explosive. Stay tuned folks, and thank you for reading!
A/N Hi, happy Hallowe'en! Hope everyone has had fun today/tonight :) Little thing I just have to say because it'll bug me otherwise... I'm not ranting so I apologise if it seems that way, but I need to say something. I've had some more negative-ish reviews (which is fine, you can be negative if you like)about how it's taking me longer to update lately... saying like "WHY haven't you updated yet, it takes you forever, I want more NOW (normally right after I post an update, haha), etc etc". Now I'd love to be able to update every day, I really would, it would make me so happy to be able to do that. Unfortunately, I also have a real life outside of writing this story, a full time job, a family, a partner, hobbies, evening classes, a social life (lol good joke...) lots of things. My life is really busy, and I'm honestly really struggling to write at all at the moment. Things will settle back down again i'm sure, but for now, all I ask is please be patient and please don't make me feel bad when I can't update right away? Pretty please? :) I'll update once a week minimum, but most weeks it'll be more, and if it ever goes over a week, please do PM me and yell at me, slap me in the face, whatever floats your boat. I promise I won't leave you, and this won't be one of those stories that never gets finished, because I already have the end two chapters written and I'm sure as shit not wasting them because they're epic! ;) Thanks all, sorry if that sounded ranty, just needed to be said. Hope you enjoy... and more to come soon (should be in a few days this time as the weekend is coming up xD ) Sorry for typo's/silly errors, will proof read in the morning, just wanted to get this posted tonight! Also, warning for this chapter for self-harm I guess. It isn't graphic or sustained or even particularly deliberate, but feel I should warn anyway. Chapter Twelve Montgomery Scott roared with laughter as he opened the door of his house. Before him stood the Kirk twins, dressed as none-other than their fathers. "Evenin' Cap'n, Commander," he sniggered. 'Spock' nodded curtly with his hands clasped neatly behind his back and 'Jim' raised his hand for a high-five. "Scotty! Nice costume! Now direct me to your liquor, and that's an order," smirked Chris, straightening his gold shirt that was too tight across the shoulders. Scotty noticed his usually dark eyes had been disguised with vibrant blue contact lenses, and if it weren't for the pointed ears, he'd have been a dead ringer for his father. "Aye Sir! Right this way," he laughed, pointing him towards the kitchen. Leo lingered in the doorway and Scotty clapped him on the science blue-clad shoulder. "You guys look hilarious, nice job." "Thanks Scotty. Originally I was meant to be Jim, but I got bullied into a last minute switch, not sure how I feel about hair dye… but I've been promised it'll wash out," Leo said, fiddling with the sleeves of the blue science jersey he was wearing. His hair had been dyed black and was pressed flat to his head. It was nothing like Spock's blunt style, but similar enough to make the costume obvious who he was dressed as. "So where'd you get the shirts?" he asked and Leo smirked. "Chris stole them from their closet this morning. Can't wait for their reaction when they see us, should be brilliant," he said unenthusiastically. He looked tired and miserable, and his hands were shaking slightly. Scotty wanted to ask what was wrong, but he knew better. Jim had been quiet and subdued the last time he had seen him, and Scotty had a feeling his youngest son had something to do with this. "Yeah, I'm sure Spock'll love it," he smirked and Leo nodded. "I need to try and stay in character, that's going to be the hardest part." "Don' worry about it, I'm sure once everyone's had a few nobody'll notice if you slip up. Now c'mon in and let's get you sometin' t'drink." Leo placed his hand on Scotty's shoulder and allowed him to lead him through the noisy living room and into the kitchen here his twin thrust a plastic cup into his hand. "Down in one," he ordered and Leo shook his head. "No, I'm not drinking alcohol, not tonight," he said and Chris groaned loudly. "Oh come! Live a little, all you need to do is- holy shit," Chris stopped talking and cursed under his breath as the door opened again and Emily, David and Joanna entered from the living area, the three of them dressed as zombies. David immediately looked at the floor, doing anything in his power to avoid looking at Christopher who also looked away, though he looked anywhere than at the floor, he was staring right at Emily and at what she was wearing. "Zombie cheerleader? Bit unimaginative, don't you think?" he asked and she shrugged. "Least I'm not dressed as my dad," she smirked as she looked him up and down before draping herself all over Leo in a way that told Chris just how much she'd already had to drink. "Evening Commander," she purred into his ear and he swallowed hard, willing himself to stay in control of his body and keep at least some of his blood in his brain to allow him to retain the power of speech. "H-hi Emily," he managed out, shifting awkwardly as she wrapped her arms tightly around his neck and leant in to kiss him. Christopher made a loud gagging noise and Joanna frowned. "Oh grow up!" "I am grown up, it's just gross!" "In what possible way is it gross?" "Because it's my baby brother! And he's got a half-naked zombie girl draped all over him," he frowned at Emily's costume. It left very little to the imagination, with a short skirt and barely-there crop-top. "Hey! I am not half naked!" she protested and Chris snorted. "Yes you are. You look like a slut." Christopher stumbled forwards and almost lost his balance as his twin pushed him with all his strength. David pointedly left the room. Scotty watched the situation unfold nervously, wondering if he'd have to call Spock to separate them if they started to fight. "Apologise," Leo said coolly and his twin stepped forwards, squaring up to him. Emily dived in between, one hand on each of their chests keeping them apart. "Both of you calm down, okay? Chris, fuck you," she spat, turning her back on him and leaning in to hug Leo who continued to glare in the direction of his brother over her shoulder. "What? What are you gonna do? Huh?" he asked with a smirk curling on his lips. "Nothing. But you need to apologise to Emily, that's not a nice thing to say, and if anyone is a slut here it's you," he pointed out and green blush began to creep into Christopher's cheeks. "Sorry Emily," he said quickly, taking a large gulp of his drink. She shrugged and gave him a dirty look. "Alright, gents, shake hands, no fightin'," Scotty said, finally coming to his senses and trying to mediate the situation. You're an asshole Leo growled mentally to his twin as they reluctantly shook hands. You should see what she's wearing and you'd agree with what I said, she looks a mess. Chris left the room, going back into the living area with a drink in each hand. Scotty also made himself scarce, mumbling something about Jim and Bones arriving soon and needing to fix his costume. He was dressed as count Dracula, with pale face make-up and a long black cloak. Joanna smirked as she stood in the kitchen with Emily and Leo. "I feel like a third wheel," she said as she poured herself another drink. She intended on getting as wasted as possible, hoping to forget what she'd learned about the younger Kirk twin a few days prior. Whenever she looked at him she could see it, the way he was starting to waste away, his pale skin, sunken eyes. He looked terrible now that she knew the truth. "No, don't be silly Jo, you aren't a third wheel, you can stay and hangout with us," he said sincerely as Emily stood beside him mouthed to her sister 'don't listen to him'. "I'm going to talk to David, I'll be right back," she said as she picked up her drink and left the room. There were already quite a few people at the house. Scotty's party was an annual occurrence, and his house was suited perfectly for it with two large reception rooms and a spacious kitchen leading into a dining room, there was plenty of space for people to spread out. Their group was the youngest there, as most of the guests were people Scotty had known from the academy or during his days out on the Enterprise. He'd stayed one mission longer than Jim had, a two year stretch, before returning to Nyota and their young daughter. Joanna had always found Scotty and Nyota's relationship odd. They were married, it had been a tiny ceremony with only a handful of guests, but each had their own house as they preferred it that way and could easily afford it, and they alternated spending time at each-other's home, they went on missions apart, splitting the care of their daughter and then cherishing the time that they did spend together. They were two independent people who behaved more like a couple who were casually dating than a couple who had been married for over a decade. Emily stumbled slightly as she took a step closer to Leo and then burst into uncontrollable giggles. "You're drunk," he pointed out and she shook her head. "No, no." "Yeah, sure you are, I can smell it. Come on, I'll take you home and you can sleep it off or somethi-" Emily cut him off by crashing her lips to his in a sloppy kiss. He pulled away. "Ok, you're definitely drunk young lady," he said with a small sigh and she wrapped her arms around his neck. "We should get out of here, both my parents are out… my house is empty… nobody around to disturb us, we can do whatever we want," she mumbled suggestively, pressing her body against his. He froze for a second before pulling away. "You're really drunk, come on Em, I'm not going to do anything with you when you're drunk." "You're such a gentleman," she giggled and he nodded. "Yeah. Maybe. Is your dad coming? Maybe he can give you a hypo to sober you up?" "Yeah he's coming with Jim, should be here soon," she said, leaning back against the countertop and pulling at her short skirt. Maybe she was dressed a little too provocatively; especially considering Leo couldn't even see her to appreciate the effort she'd gone to. They were both distracted by loud laughter from the doorway and Emily turned to find her father and Jim standing there. "Oh Leo you look awesome! This is fucking hilarious!" Jim laughed as Bones continued to shake with laughter beside him. Leo immediately dropped into character, straightening his spine and stiffening his limbs, hands clasping behind his back. Jim laughed harder and Emily pressed drinks into his and her father's hands. They both already looked well on their way to being drunk. Jim was dressed as a pirate, but Emily was quick to notice her father hadn't bothered with the compulsory fancy dress and was still in his medical uniform. "Hey! How did you get in without a costume?" "I'm myself, aint that scary enough?" he said with a raised eyebrow and she shook her head. "You better not be plannin' on wearin' that the rest of the night! Go put some clothes on," he ordered and Jim laughed. "Oh Bones don't worry it's Halloween! Everyone gets a little crazy and…- hey that had better be non-alcoholic young man!" Jim scolded as he spotted Leo sipping from a cup. "I hope so, I have no fucking idea what it is," he mumbled. "Here buddy, let me see," Jim took the cup and sipped it before pulling a face. "No there's something in that. Here I'll get you a fresh one," he said, busying himself with raiding Scotty's fridge in the hunt for something non-alcoholic to drink. Leo settled with water. His head was throbbing and he felt sick and shivery. He'd spent the better part of two days in bed following the chemo, and when he'd crawled back out of bed Emily had been pissed off at him for vanishing for two days. He'd struggled to find an excuse, so hadn't really explained his absence, and they hadn't spoken too much since. He knew the day was fast approaching when he'd have to be honest with her, but he wasn't ready to tell her, he didn't want to scare her off when things had been going so well between them. The evening passed in a blur of drunken antics, laughter and bad dancing. Everyone had got very drunk very quickly, and Leo found himself more and more uncomfortable and wishing for his bed. Emily was behaving in a way entirely out of character for her, being incredibly flirtatious and insistent, Jim was too drunk to function correctly and was dancing like a moron, Scotty egging him on and joining in in equal measure. The only comfort Leo had was the tiny flickering of white across the centre of his vision when he turned his head a particular way. "Hey Bonesy?" he asked of the tipsy Doctor who had stayed stood beside him as Emily had run off to sing Karaoke with Jim. "Hmm?" "What's that, right there?" Leo asked, squinting and pointing directly at the object. Leonard followed his young namesakes gaze and grinned, clapping him on the shoulder. "That's a light buddy, congrats." "Oh wow really? So I'm not imagining that?" "Oh no. That's it for sure. Here," he waved his hand between the light and Leo's face, interrupting the light and making Leo blink rapidly. "What's doing that?" "My hand. I'm putting it in front of the light to prove you're really seeing it. Hey Jim!" he called. Jim was giggling with Emily as they tried to pick a song to sing, rifling through the twentieth century folder. Bones rolled his eyes. He, Jim and Emily had laughed hard at the bullshit story that had been published claiming Jim and Emily were an item, but Leonard understood the basis of it. Jim Kirk was a flirt, plain and simple. He'd giggle a lot and touch people in a friendly way that would suggest flirting to the untrained eye that didn't know he was exactly the same with everyone, and even with the doctor himself when he'd had a few to drink. "KIRK GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE RIGHT THIS SECOND!" he roared and the whole room fell silent for a second. Jim hiccupped loudly and laughter broke out. "Yes dear?" he slurred, stumbling towards the doctor, taking another swig from his glass. "Leo. I'm going to put my hand in front of the light again, you tell me when it flickers okay?" he said and Leo nodded. Bones slowly moved his hand in front of the light. "Okay, uh… now. You're blocking it." He moved his hand away. "And it's back again. Hey, this is pretty cool," he grinned and Jim's eyes widened. "Oh god, m'gonna cry," he blurted out as he threw himself at his son, grabbing him in a bear hug so powerful it almost sent the two men tumbling onto the floor. "Oh jeez," Bones rolled his eyes at his wasted friend. "Hey Jim? Jim! Earth to Jimbo, pull yourself together man!" he said, shaking him roughly by the shoulder as he rambled to his son. "-And I'm so proud of you, and I –hic- I always knew one day we'd find a way, and I… we're gonna… we'll go and… s-see the stars like I've always wanted to show you-" Leo nodded and patted his father on the back, gently trying to pry him away so he could escape him until he sobered back up. "He's trashed Bones, I think he needs Spock and sleep," Leo said and the doctor sighed. "I'm inclined to agree with your diagnosis. Dammit Jim, you handle your liquor like a seventeen year-old academy freshman," he grumbled as he pried him off his son who was quickly grabbed by Emily McCoy. "Do you know Don't Stop Believing by Journey?" she asked and he pulled a face. "Urgh. Unfortunately. Most overplayed song of all time." "But do you know the words? And the tune?" He shrugged. "I know enough. Why?" "Ok! Scotty I don't forfeit! I found a substitute for Jim!" she cried, grabbing Leo's hand and raising it above his head. He felt his face flushing hot as she dragged him forwards, stumbling with each step. He'd lost his bearings of where he was in the room and didn't know where the walls or door were. "Emily, I don't want to. I want to go home," he protested and she shook her head. "Nuh uh. You want t'stay," she slurred and he sighed. "I'm not singing with you, I'll make an idiot of myself," he argued and she whined loudly. "Leo, please? I just want to sing with someone, and otherwise I'll lose to Scotty and I don't want that to happen," she pleaded and he took a deep breath. "Fine." David smirked as the woman wrote her comm. frequency on his arm. She was older than him by around ten years, and he had a feeling he'd seen her before, maybe around Starfleet HQ. Still, she'd make a great change in the bedroom from part Vulcan males. He downed another shot, glancing around the room. Joanna was nowhere to be seen, she'd probably stumbled her way back to the kitchen for more drinks. Between the two of them they were really getting through a lot and she'd been oddly quiet all night. Seren hadn't shown up at all and he wondered if that had anything to do with how quiet his sister was being. He straightened his clothes and glanced at his face in a reflective surface, possibly the front of a cabinet on the wall, but he was entirely too drunk to know or care. The zombie makeup was staying well, and he decided he still looked acceptable. He glimpsed fake Jim entering the room and picked up the last shot he had left and quickly vacated. The only place he had left to go to avoid him was the garden, so he snuck out of the side door of the house, planning on getting some air for a few minutes and hoping that Chris would leave him alone. The cool night air rushing up to greet him seemed to clear his mind of all but one thing. Chris. Christopher George Kirk. Try as he might, David couldn't get his head around what they had done. He couldn't even look at Chris, much less actually talk to him. It was entirely too awkward. Whenever he looked at him all he could think about was his face covered in a thin sheen of sweat, hair a mess, mouth hanging open in some kind of cry of pleasure, eyes dangerously dark, clouded with lust and passion and need. T'hy'la. David downed his shot, vodka this time and he pulled a face. He must have got them mixed up. Jo drank vodka, he didn't. He set the small empty glass down on the handrail surrounding the porch and wandered a few steps away from the door, glancing up at the sky. It was overcast, and the light pollution from the city was staining the clouds with a pungent orange hue. He longed to take a long drive out into the middle of nowhere, to see the stars clearly again, like he used to when he lived on the ship out amongst them. David had always hated being the youngest of the group. The others had more memories of life on the ship than he did, and were closer in age to Joanna, who he considered not only his sister but one of his best friends. He was very close with his older half-sister, much closer than with Emily. They just… clicked, whereas he and Emily seemed to constantly bicker and deliberately annoy each other. "Shame it's cloudy." David jumped at the voice close behind him and then glared back. "I came out here because I wanted to be alone." He was silent for a few moments. "You're never alone. Not anymore. I can hear everything you think since you don't shield anything, I know everything you do, and you should have the same for me, but you don't because you block it all and I don't think you even know you're doing it. You remember it? Kashkau, wuhkuh eh teretuhr. Estuhn wi ri estuhn; k'wuhli wi ri k'wuhli. Our minds, one and together, touching yet not touching, apart yet never apart. That's what it means, in standard," Chris explained and David frowned. "I never even knew you bothered to learn to speak Vulcan, thought you were just babblin' gibberish, out of your mind." "Of course I speak Vulcan." "Well," David shrugged. "I don't know. Anyway, I'm going back inside and-"he stopped speaking as Christopher grabbed him by the shoulder, firmly but not aggressively. "Can we talk?" Chris asked and David shook his head. "No, Christopher I don't think that's a good-" The hand on his shoulder tightened possessively. "Don't walk away from me David," he growled and David ripped his shoulder from the part-Vulcan's grip, squaring up to the larger man. "You stay the fuck away from me," he hissed, beginning to walk away. David winced and cried out as a sharp pain coursed through his head, stopping him in his tracks. He stared at Christopher who was quick to elaborate. "You feel that? That's what I've been feeling since you left my apartment. New bonds require close physical proximity to settle down, and since you've avoided me like some kind of plague since that day, I've been getting one hell of a headache through the bond, and taking all of it on myself so you don't have to deal with it." "I miss the part where that's my problem," David muttered and Chris took a step towards him. "David. Look. As hard as this may be for you to believe, I… well… I have feelings for you. I want to work this out, and for us to be together-" "Would you just shut up? And maybe let me explain my side of all this?" David demanded, shoving Chris in the chest though he didn't so much as flinch. He gave a short nod and David ran his hands through his hair, frustrated and anxious to get away from his bondmate as soon as possible. "I thought I made this clear. I only did what I did to save your life, and I didn't just do it for you either. I did it for Jim and Spock, because I wasn't going to let their son die if I could do something to stop it. I don't feel any kind of romantic attraction to you, and I'd like to say you're still my best friend but if you keep actin' like this I don't think that'll be the truth. You need to get it through your thick skull Chris, we're not the new Jim and Spock, ok? We aren't going to be that couple. We aren't going to be any couple. I'm sorry if I'm breakin' your sad little emotionally-stunted heart here, but it's the truth. Get over it," he said and Christopher visibly flinched before straightening his stance and pulling himself together quickly. "I'll talk to Spock about getting a transport to New Vulcan as soon as we can," he said shortly and David nodded. Chris was doing his best to look like he wasn't bothered, but his drunken state had left his controls weakened and he was giving himself away. Realising he'd quite obviously just broken the other's heart at least a little bit, David reached out to touch his shoulder. Chris jumped back from the contact as if he'd been burned. "Don't. Don't touch me. Stay the fuck away from me," he growled, shoving David backwards hard enough that he hit the wall behind him with dizzying force, sliding down it and ending up in a heap on Scotty's porch. "Chris! Wait!" David tried as he watched the part-Vulcan storming away across the yard. He didn't turn around and David just stared after him, feeling sick guilt bubbling up inside of him at the hurt he'd obviously caused and the strangest sense that he disagreed with some of the things he'd just said. Spock heard a glass shatter in the kitchen and a low curse. He allowed a few moments before getting out of bed and pulling on a black robe that he usually wore for meditation before making his way downstairs. "Jim what are you-" Spock froze as he realized the gold-clad figure with his back to him was most certainly not his husband, the droplets of green blood spattering the kitchen floor and the pointed ears giving it away instantly. "He doesn't want me," Christopher mumbled pathetically as he looked at his hand. He'd squeezed the glass that had been holding his drink until it had failed, driving the shards into his flesh as he hadn't released his grip. "My son, you are not thinking clearly, you are under the influence of-" "HE DOESN'T WANT ME! WHY DOESN'T HE WANT ME?!" he roared, throwing the remaining pieces of glass at the wall opposite him, flicking more blood from his torn hand at the same time. Spock crossed the room in two graceful strides and swept his son into his arms, forcibly lowering the young man's arms to his sides as they began to thrash against him. "Be calm," he said gently and Chris turned in his arms, doing the last thing he expected and wrapping his arms around him in an incredibly needy hug, beginning to sob into his shoulder. Spock used the fact he was distracted to raise the bloodstained hand to his face and get a look at it. There were several deep cuts, one looking like it still had glass in it, and the bleeding was considerable. "I… I don't understand, I thought that we'd… b-bond and that'd be it, that he'd see how I f-feel about… I… He's T'hy'la, but he doesn't want me. What do you do, if your other half doesn't fit? If the pieces don't match up?" he asked as Spock collected a clean cloth from the drawer and carefully wrapped his sons hand until he was able to get him proper medical attention. Dealing with his emotional state seemed much more important as he had never seen him so distressed. "I do not know," Spock said honestly, raising Chris' hand so it was higher than his heart to slow the bleeding. For a few minutes all that escaped the young man was incoherent drunken mumbling and crying of varying degrees of hysteria, his father just holding him in his arms, patiently waiting for him to start talking sense again. "He fucking hates me. He hates me so much. He looks at me like I'm lower than him… and maybe I am… I've been living this… stupid rebellion for so long… and I don't even know. I don't hate you, sure I was mad at you, but now you're back and I don't hate you. It used to all be about getting a reaction, but now I don't even know what I want," he sighed, getting himself slightly more under control. "I am certain that David does not hate you. I believe he is highly conflicted in his emotions. The relationship you share has undergone a dramatic shift, he needs time to come to terms with it," Spock explained calmly and Christopher sniffled. "Your bond is causing you pain, as it has not yet settled," Spock stated. He could sense the pain emanating from his son, the waves of it rolling off him. He had a similar sensation when he was in close enough proximity to Leo, though that pain was different, that was a dull physical ache. Christopher's pain was purely emotional, and felt almost like a hand pressed to a hot stove and unable to peel itself away no matter how much it hurt. "Feel like my head is going to explode," he said weakly and Spock nodded. "I will attempt to teach you to block this sensation, in addition to educating you in correct meditation techniques. We will begin tomorrow once you awaken," he said and Chris looked down at the floor, sniffling again as a few new tears spilled onto his face. "What's wrong with Leo, Sa-mekh? He's had me shut out of his head for almost two months… we used to be so close, and now he… he won't… he hides everything… where our minds were connected now it's just emptiness and I… don't… d-don't understand," he stumbled over his words as the large glass of whiskey he'd thrown back before breaking the glass began to hit him. Spock slowly helped him to the couch in the living area and sat him down. The last time Christopher had called him 'Sa-mekh' he'd been only seven years old, and hearing it again, hearing it from his son as an adult in such a state of emotional distress stirred a deep protective, parental instinct within him. "You are not speaking sense, you are highly intoxicated," Spock said calmly as he reached for his communicator. "I'm not so drunk that I don't see the way you reacted to that question," Chris said much more clearly and Spock froze momentarily, meeting his son's eyes. They were glassy and out of focus, but the intent to know the truth was there. Green blood seeped through the cloth and ran down slowly Christopher's forearm, staining the tri-banded sleeves of the borrowed shirt. Spock did not answer his question, but sat beside his son and held him until he fell asleep, his head lolling onto his shoulder, Spock still supporting his injured hand to keep him from damaging it further. He was able to comm. Seren who snuck downstairs to take a look at his injury and grimaced as Spock carefully peeled back the cloth. "It'll keep for a few hours, let him sleep off the drink first," she said quietly as she looked over the wound. "He asked me directly about Leo. I do not know how much longer I can avoid his questions," Spock said, eyes meeting Seren's before she quickly looked away. "If he asks me directly I will not be able to leave him without an answer," she said and Spock nodded once. "Are you going to move him?" she asked and he glanced down at his son sleeping face on his shoulder. "Eventually. This is the closest I have been to Christopher in a long time," he said, not needing to elaborate. He was enjoying the contact, far too much to let him go just yet. Seren said nothing and sat on Spock's other side, resting her head on his other shoulder. He was initially taken aback by the display of affection but relaxed quickly, allowing his own head to droop until his cheek rested on the top of her head. He sat in silence with his two children sleeping either side of him, wide awake and wondering about so many things simultaneously that it made his head spin. "Come on Count Drunkula, lets get you to bed," Bones ordered as he dragged Scotty up the stairs of his own home. "M'goin' m'goin," he mumbled as he held the wall for balance. The sun was beginning to rise and the party had only just ended. Leo and Emily were asleep on the couch in Scotty's den, usually off limits to party-goers, but he'd made an exception. Passed out on the floor near to them was Jim, sprawled on his stomach and snoring slightly as he often did when he'd been drinking heavily. Bones would scrape him off the floor and hypo him up to his eyeballs in stimulants and hangover cure and he'd make a speedy recovery. The doctor had found himself ending the night exhausted, sober and frustrated. Jim had been pretty much uselessly drunk all night. Emily was far too drunk for his liking, and dressed in a way he really needed to talk to her about. David and Joanna had also been drinking heavily, David having snuck off at one point before returning, holding himself slightly differently, moving gingerly as if he had hurt himself. He hadn't had the chance to ask before he'd vanished again, this time taking Jo with him. Assuming they'd gone home, Bones had resumed his babysitting duties. Leo looked like shit, but everyone was too drunk to notice, and Bones had managed to discreetly get Scotty to let him take a nap on the couch in a quiet room, which turned into Emily curling up beside him and the two of them falling asleep together. Bones sighed and crossed his arms over his chest as the drunken Scotsman managed to crawl into his bed, still in his full costume. "G'night," he managed to mumble. "Drunken moron," Bones muttered as he left the room, heading for Jim. "Kirk, get your ass up, I'm takin' you home to your wife," he said, grabbing Jim by the shoulders and shaking him. Jim groaned loudly and kicked at his friend feebly as he was dragged to his feet. "Idon'wanna," he slurred. "Infant," the doctor grumbled as he dragged him to the car, dumping him in the passenger seat before going back in for Emily and Leo. He woke them up more nicely, but still rushed them a little, not wanting to leave Jim unattended too long. Everyone was silent as Bones drove to Jim and Spock's house first. He pointedly cleared his throat as Emily and Leo had a sloppy goodbye kiss in the back seat of his car. "You keep that tongue in your own mouth young man," he grunted and Leo started giggling, breaking the kiss with Emily who glared at her Dad in the mirror. Jim just smirked like an idiot in the passenger seat. "I'll see you later," Leo mumbled to Emily as he stumbled out of the car, reaching for Jim who swayed as he gripped his son's arm. "Good god, it's the drunk leading the blind! Get over here before you make a mess," Bones ordered and Jim giggled feebly as he stumbled towards his friend, leading Leo behind him. Not caring how early it was, Bones rang the doorbell and waited a few seconds before Spock appeared. "Morning, I think these belong to you. This one's trashed," he grabbed Jim's wrist and raised his hand for him "and this one isn't, but he's about five seconds from being murdered if he keeps frenching my daughter in front of me," he said as he poked Leo firmly in the ribs who squirmed away from the contact. "'Frenching', Doctor?" Spock asked with a quirked eyebrow. "I'm sure Jim'll be pleased to explain when he sobers up," Bones said, handing Jim's hand over to Spock who took it carefully. "Thank you for bringing me home Bones," Jim said slowly and carefully. "You're welcome Jim. Call me when you wake up all hungover and I'll come laugh at you," he said with a small chuckle as Jim nodded mindlessly, smiling vacantly to himself as his eyes went out of focus again. "Wait… am I dressed –hic- like a pirate?" Jim asked as he glanced down at himself. "You are," Spock said. "Why?" Jim asked, narrowing his eyes. "It's Halloween Jim, dumb shit happens," Bones said and Jim giggled, lunging at Leo. "He's a Spock." "Yeah, but before you start molesting me, please remember I'm not the real Spock," Leo said and Bones laughed at his drunken friend one more time before beginning to retreat down the driveway. "Good luck Spock, he's about the same level of drunk as his bachelor party!" Spock raised both eyebrows and started trying to coax Jim into the house, knowing that he needed to sleep as he'd be feeling very sorry for himself when he woke up. "Well, fuck," David mumbled. Silent tears rolled down his half-sisters face. "Is it… terminal?" She shook her head slightly. "He's fighting it, done with chemo and surgery coming up any time now." David fell silent, opening and closing his mouth a few times as he tried to verbalise what was going through his mind. "Fuck," he whispered. "Yeah, pretty much," Joanna mumbled, wiping away a few tears with the back of her hand. "How in the hell has he managed to stay acting so normal? I mean I know he's skinny, but damn, he puts on a good act." Joanna shook her head. "Seren told me that when he gets home he just crashes out. He saves up all of his energy for times when he knows he's going to be around people, and the rest of the time just sleeps." David swallowed. His throat was dry. His ribs were throbbing, the pain getting worse as he sobered up. He was pretty certain Christopher had fractured one or two when he'd thrown him into the wall of Scotty's house. But he didn't care. "Surely he's gotta be… in pain, right?" Joanna nodded. "Oh yeah, he's in a hell of a lot of pain. He's injecting himself with stuff to control it, and meditating, but yeah, Ser said he's going to be feeling it regardless," she said, pushing her damp hair off her face. They were sitting in her living room, both freshly showered and changed for bed, David wearing pyjama pants he'd left there months ago and completely forgotten about but was now incredibly grateful for. Jo had even let him shower first. "I don't understand how he can be so… calm." "Neither do I." "So is this why Jim drank himself retarded tonight?" David asked and Jo nodded. "I'm guessing so." David fell silent again, closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. "Fuck it all, he doesn't deserve this." They were both silent for a while. Joanna began to regret telling him, but she'd started to talk and hadn't been able to stop. "Don't tell Chris," she said quietly and he shook his head. "No, of course I won't." They were silent for a few seconds before David added to his statement. "He wouldn't cope." A/N Reviews/constructive criticism welcome and very much appreciated :) But please don't nag me for more just yet, haha ;)
A/N Eeeee! Finally made it to this point! I've had this chapter in my head for a while, so I hope the way I've written it makes sense to everyone! Thanks to all of you for the reviews/follows/faves... you're the best, cookies for all! Also, if anyone wants a character profile type thing for any/all of the kids (if you want a better description of them, or a bit more in depth of their personality or anything) let me know in the reviews section and I'll send over the profiles I have written for each of them :) Angst and sex warnings apply for this chapter. Chapter Thirteen. The shrill tone of his communicator roused Leonard McCoy from his slumber. He grumbled into the pillow and held tighter around the waist of his wife, waiting for the person attempting to call him to give up. The sound stopped and he breathed a small sigh of relief, placing a kiss on the back of Carol's neck and shifting his body closer to hers. "Mornin' darlin'," he murmured drowsily and she turned to kiss him gently. "Morning. So you got in pretty late, good night?" she asked and he opened his mouth to start ranting about the state people had got themselves into, but was interrupted before he could begin as the comm. sounded again. "God damn it," he growled, reluctantly removing himself from the warm embrace of the comforter and snatching up the device, answering it without looking at the identity of the caller. "Jim, I swear to god if you-" "Not Jim," David's voice interrupted. "Oh. Hi, good to know you're not dead," he scoffed. David had vanished before the end of the party and hadn't been answering his calls. "Not dead. Not yet anyway, but I think I broke something," he said. He sounded in pain, like he was clenching his jaw as he spoke. "Shit, what? Are you alright? Where are you?" he asked. Carol sat up, immediately awake, alert and concerned for her son. "With Jo. M'ok," he said weakly and there was rustling as the comm. was snatched off him by his sister. "He's got a broken rib," she said and Bones tensed. "How did that happen?" he asked suspiciously. "I tripped and fell down the stairs by the-" "No you didn't!" "Yes. I did. I fell, ok? Can you… come fix it? It really hurts," he mumbled pathetically. Bones grumbled to himself as he made arrangements to call by Joanna's apartment to get David and patch him up. "Kids! Why did we have any?! We could have had nice, quiet lives with just Joanna, she's never given us any trouble," he said exasperatedly as he threw the comm. down on the bed and stormed over to the dresser to grab himself some clothes. "Len, please just make sure he's ok. You don't think he and Chris… had a fight do you?" Carol asked hesitantly and Leonard felt his anger bubble up. It would make sense. David had been avoiding Chris at the party, though the part-Vulcan had made several attempts to get close enough to talk to him. "Might have been, I'll ask him, he's no good at lying to my face," he said in a low voice as he pulled on a pair of grey slacks. "Just… don't go too crazy, alright?" "Carol, I do not go crazy, ever," he protested as he snatched a shirt from the wardrobe. "Yes you do," she pointed out and he sighed. "Only at something that puts you or the kids in danger. Those are the only times." "Or Jim." "Oh hell no! If I went crazy every time that idiot got himself into danger I'd be locked in some god damn loony-bin somewhere," he grumbled as he picked up his jacket and comm. and headed out the door. He arrived at Joanna's apartment fifteen minutes later and grabbed his med-kit from the back of the car. Joanna let him in and he found David sprawled on the couch, laying awkwardly on his front with his arm above his head, trying to get comfortable. "Left side?" he asked, taking one glance at the position of his body. David nodded slowly and grimaced in pain. "Alright, let's get you sat up and I can get a better look at you," he said, getting a hypospray from his supplies and loading it with a strong painkiller. "Keep still," he ordered as he gently pressed it to his son's neck. He visibly relaxed almost immediately. "That's some good shit," David murmured as Joanna and his father helped him to slowly sit up. "Shirt off." He did his best to remove his shirt, but was unable to lift his left arm properly and Leonard had to help him. "Damn, I remember when I was young once," he sighed sarcastically as David's toned torso was put on full display. "Yeah yeah," David muttered, closing his eyes as his father carefully turned him so he could get a look at the area causing him so much pain. Leonard didn't even need the tricoder to verify the broken bone as it was clearly protruding against the skin, though it hadn't punctured it. The whole area was bruised and angry and swollen and as he worked to repair it he felt his anger bubbling up. He didn't hang around to talk once he was finished and left the apartment with a quiet determination about him that was picked up on by both Joanna and David. "Where do you think he's going?" Jo asked as she sipped from her cup of coffee. David stretched and pulled his shirt back on. "To kick Chris' ass," he said with a small but unconvinced smirk. Jim did his best to ignore the pounding in his skull and the sick feeling in his stomach. He lay on his side, willing the room to stop spinning, and reached out for Spock, hoping the comfort of his touch would help him feel better. He blinked when he found the bed empty beside him. He sat up when he heard raised voices downstairs. Chris yelped in shock as he was flung against the wall of the hallway, Leonard McCoy's fists balled in his tee-shirt and pinning him painfully against the wall. His hand was throbbing painfully from where he'd cut it on the glass last night and he couldn't use it to push the doctor off him. "You want to tell me, Kirk, why my son has a busted rib? Hmm? Seems like somethin' you'd know about," he demanded. Christopher's eyes widened slightly and he looked down at the floor. "ANSWER ME!" He looked back up and answered the question honestly, deciding it was his best chance of getting out of the situation alive and un-hyposprayed. "We had a conversation last night which ended in David pushing me. I pushed him back and he hit the wall, I didn't mean to-" "Whether you meant to or not, I don't give a damn," he growled and Chris did his best to stay still and maintain a neutral expression. He could have easily pushed the middle-aged man away from him, could have picked him up and thrown him if he'd wanted to and his hand hadn't been injured and wrapped in a blood-soaked cloth, but he had more respect than that, and he wanted to let the doctor at least think he was in control of the situation. "Did you, or did you not assault my son?" "Assault is a strong word, Bones, let's not-" Chris didn't flinch as the doctor's fist collided with his jaw. It wasn't hard enough to hurt, though it would have had he been human, but was certainly hard enough to get his attention. "Don't you fucking dare." Jim began to descend the stairs, shirt missing and rubbing sleep from his eyes but suddenly feeling a lot more awake as he saw his best friend with his son pinned to the wall in a death grip. "Bones! What the hell is going o-" "Damn it Jim! Your kid is out of control. He beat David up last night and-" "I did not beat him up! I pushed him, once!" "But you're like some… fucking… superhuman… freak! You could have killed him!" The doctor raged and Jim dived into the fray, hangover suddenly feeling entirely non-existent as he did his best to pry the enraged doctor off Christopher who was doing his best to not react to the situation. "Bones. That's enough." "Jim I swear to god I-" "Leonard. Leave. Right now. He's my son and I'll deal with him, you can't just come over here and start saying things like that," Jim said in his best stern Commodore tone. The doctor took a sharp inhale and shoved Christopher hard into the wall, hard enough that his head snapped back and made contact with it. "You… stay away from him or so help me I'll make you sorry," he growled and Jim pulled him sharply away from the young man. Jim dragged his friend out of the house, staring him down for a few seconds outside before the doctor began to speak. "Jim I-… I don't know what came over me. I saw David hurt and I just…" "I don't want to hear it Bones. Not right now. You think it's easy on Chris? Being rejected like that? You don't understand what it's like to be bonded, to have that connection with someone, to feel that they are quite literally the other half of your soul. Christopher's mind wouldn't have been able to connect so easily if they weren't meant to be together, so you tell David to get his head out of his ass and figure it all out, okay? Because Chris isn't taking this very well," Jim raged, shivering with the cold of being stood out in the November air in only his pyjama pants. "Oh what, and you think it's easy on David? To have his best friend just all of a sudden spend three days using him for sex and joining their minds in a way he didn't properly consent to?!" "He would have consented; he wouldn't have been able to complete the bond otherwise! Chris's telepathy is weak, you know this for yourself, he's always struggled with it, he can barely even mind-meld," Jim argued, teeth chattering as he crossed his arms across his chest to try to keep warm. "I think we gotta either keep them apart or get them to sit in a room together and work it out," Bones said quietly. He obviously felt bad for barging into the house and threatening Chris, but didn't want to vocalise his apology. "I agree. More so with the second one. Now either fix my hangover or get out of here," Jim said, but he didn't smile. He didn't want to speak to the doctor right now; he wanted to speak to his son, to get his side of the story and to make sure that he was alright. Bones left after giving him a hypo, much more roughly than was really necessary. Chris watched Jim as he re-entered the house, shivering with the cold. Jim had several questions for his son, but started with the one that seemed the most obvious. "What happened to your hand?" Chris looked at the floor and Jim took a step closer. "Chris? Are you alright?" When Chris looked back up he had tears in his eyes. "I broke a glass, I crushed it in my hand… and I don't know why I did it, I just… it seemed like a good idea and I… I don't know," he said, his voice sounding higher than usual as he fought back tears. "Hey, that's ok, sometimes everybody does things they don't understand. Can I hug you? Is that alright?" Jim asked. He knew Chris was sometimes weird about physical contact and that he'd made him uncomfortable the last time he'd hugged him. The younger man nodded slowly and Jim advanced on him quickly, wrapping him up in his arms and holding him tightly. "You're freezing." "I know," Jim mumbled into his son's shoulder. "That's the only reason I wanted a hug, you guys are always so nice and warm!" he joked and Chris smiled faintly. "Come sit with me? We'll talk it all out," he said and Chris nodded again, allowing Jim to lead him into the living room where they sat together on the couch. Chris had vague memories of falling asleep there last night after his conversation with Spock, but had woken up in his own bed upstairs with no recollection of getting there. Jim allowed Chris to talk, Seren creeping into the room and repairing his hand whilst he did so. He confessed the true nature of his feelings for David McCoy, and how crushed he was feeling at the strong rejection and the uncontrollable bond. "You know when your dad and I first met we hated each other," Jim said, leaning back into the couch. "You're my dad," Chris said flatly. "Well, yeah, but you know what I mean," Jim said and Chris shrugged. Jim continued with his story anyway. "Yeah. I cheated on a test that he programmed, and he didn't like that one bit, so he taddled on me and got me dragged in front of all the cadets, taunted me about my father, insulted my intelligence too. Damn smug pointy-eared asshole, I remember it like it was yesterday," Jim sighed and Chris raised an eyebrow as Jim began to reminisce about his past. "Oh sorry. Yeah… uh… oh! So then I wasn't allowed to leave Earth, but Bones snuck me aboard the Enterprise, where I marched right up to Spock and told him he was wrong, everyone listened to me eventually and we saved the world together, and y'know, the rest is history." Spock cleared his throat loudly from the doorway and entered the room, a small smirk playing at his lips. "Pardon my intrusion, but I believe there are several inaccuracies in your story that I wish to correct," he said and Jim raised an eyebrow at him. "No, Spock, that's totally how it happened. And then we became best friends, fell in love, and that was that." Spock! Shut up! I'm just trying to tell the short version to make him understand that even T'hy'la don't always get along perfectly. Jim sent him a message through their bond to try and get him to stop ruining his story. "Jim, you are failing to recount the incident where you stole command of the Enterprise from me by causing an emotional breakdown on the bridge, you also neglected to mention the fact that I had you removed from the ship due to your entirely unacceptable conduct and placed on a suitable planet until a time when-" "Suitable?! You call Delta Vega suitable? Suitable for what, freezing off my left nut?" "I believe you are being overly dramatic as I am quite certain that both of your testicles are intact." Want me to show you? Just to double check? Christopher pulled a face and Jim laughed exasperatedly as Spock continued his story, ignoring the increasingly suggestive comments Jim was sending him through their bond. "-and furthermore, it was not until quite some time after the events of the Narada conflict that I became aware of our strong compatibility as bondmates. Whilst Jim's point is sound in that yes, we did not always get along, his recollection of the events leading to our bonding was somewhat… selective," Spock finished and Chris looked between his two parents. Jim looked… flustered, and Spock looked quietly pleased with himself. "I uh… thanks?" Chris said hesitantly. Jim and Spock were looking at each other in a way he understood all too well, and didn't want to be anywhere near. "I'm gonna go… home, y'know, to my place. I'll see if David will come over so we can talk, or I'll go to his house and talk to him… but yeah… I'll… uh… get out of your way," he said, quickly backing out of the room and retreating up the stairs. Jim was on top of Spock and pinning him to the couch before Chris had even reached the top. "My unacceptable conduct?" Jim quoted and Spock's lips quirked up at the corners. "You think you're so funny, don't you?" "I do not have an opinion on my ability to be humorous at this time." Jim growled in frustration and crashed his lips to his bondmates, hands tangling in silky black hair. "Tonight. Me. You. A hotel. Not near the kids… not here. I'll show you how just unacceptable my conduct can be," Jim murmured into his ear, grinding his half-hard erection against Spock's lower stomach as he straddled him on the couch. "I'm not looking! I swear, just need my comm." Chris awkwardly entered the room with one hand over his eyes. Jim leapt off Spock and grabbed the device from the coffee table, handing it to his son. "There, thanks. I'll go out and you guys can… uh… well… yeah, I'll see you later," Chris said, obviously detecting the sexual tension in the room. "Chris we aren't going to-"Jim tried but their son was already rushing out the door. "Damn it," he muttered, throwing himself onto the couch and sighing deeply. Spock and Jim sat in silence for a few minutes until Jim spoke again. "Have you seen Leo this morning? He awake yet?" Spock shifted slightly and took Jim's hand. "He was awake earlier with some sickness but then returned to bed, he asked not to be disturbed as he wishes to sleep all day," he said and Jim shook his head. "He can't keep sleeping all day Spock, he needs to eat, get stronger for his surgery," Jim said and Spock nodded, running his thumb gently over Jim's knuckles. "He is aware of this, however I think you should let him rest for today." Jim fell silent and sat clutching Spock's hand, amazed at how quickly his mood had changed. "Well don't stand out there like a stray, come on in," David urged as Chris looked at him from the doorstep. Chris had taken all day to work up the nerve to go over and talk to him, and it was dark and raining ouside. Jim and Spock had gone out, and had been vague about just where they were going. Chris had a feeling it had to do with whatever strange situation he'd been witness to earlier that day in their living room, but had no real desire to know what they were doing. "Are you… the only one here?" Christopher asked as he slipped off his shoes just inside the door. "No. Emily is here too, up in her room, but my Mom and Dad are out somewhere with Jo… I don't remember, something to do with Starfleet, I always forget," he shrugged and Chris nodded slightly. "You want to uh… do this in the living room? Or the kitchen? Or we could even go up to my room if you want?" David offered. His body language was tense, stiff, awkward, but his face was showing a softer set of emotions. Remorse, care, and something that looked a little like sadness and maybe a hint of pity. Chris moved automatically towards the kitchen. That was where they'd usually hangout, sitting at the table, that was where he was most comfortable. David followed and waited for Chris to sit down before selecting his own seat. Chris had sat on the end of one of the long sides of the table, and David sat on his right, on the corner of the table next to him, but not too close. Chris looked at him expectantly and David glanced down at the table before opening his mouth to speak. "I… I… don't really know what to say. Sorry my dad flipped out at you," he said quietly. Chris nodded once. "Sorry for breaking your rib, I didn't mean to hurt you," Chris said quickly and it was David's turn to nod. "Uh huh, I know. I didn't really notice it until I sobered up, was kinda… numb." They stared at each other in awkward silence for a few moments until Chris suddenly broke the eye-contact and looked away. By being in close proximity a whole new flood of David's thoughts had become available to him at once, and the new information contained something about his twin that he really didn't want to know. "Chris? Are you alright?" David asked tentatively. "You need to learn to shield your mind, to keep your own thoughts to yourself," he said in a low voice, head down and looking away from him. David heard the faint sound of two teardrops hitting the kitchen floor and realisation struck him. Leo. "So that's what's wrong with him, huh? I figured it was something bad, didn't quite realise it would be…" he stopped talking abruptly and turned to face David, brown eyes spilling over with tears piercing right through him. "How long have you known? I mean, I can see Jo telling you, but was that the first you knew?" he demanded and David nodded. A feeling of sick dread was rising as Chris began to react to the information, his hands shaking. "I… oh my god. I've been so… self-absorbed… I mean I knew something was up, but this? How could he not tell me? I… we're… twins… we're supposed to share everything," he whimpered, bottom lip beginning to tremble pathetically as he lost control of his emotions entirely. David faltered. He didn't know if he should try and reach Jim or Spock for help or do his best to comfort Chris himself. "Hey man, he's gonna be alright, Seren said he's doing really good, responding to treatment… he'll be ok, Chris," David said, tentatively placing his hand on the other's forearm. Chris looked down at the hand on his arm before looking back up at David's face and losing control of his emotions completely. As racking sobs shook his body, David leant across and awkwardly pulled him into what he hoped was a comforting hug, trying to focus on sending positive thoughts towards the part of his mind where he could feel Chris's connection. It's ok, I got you. Christopher clung to David's shirt as though his life depended on it and bawled his eyes out into his shoulder. That's ok, let it all out, I'll listen when you're ready to talk about it. Over Chris' shoulder David noticed Emily peering into the room around the door-frame, obviously having heard Chris's loud crying and come to investigate. She gave her brother a puzzled look and he shook his head, rubbing his hand on Chris's back in soothing, slow circles. Chris tried to move closer, but the way they were sitting at right angles around the table made it impossible and he mis-judged how far he could move, tipping off his chair and onto the floor, David powerless to catch him as he was far heavier. Emily's eyes widened. She didn't understand what was wrong and rushed to help David haul Chris up off the floor. His eyes locked onto her. Chris, don't tell her, please. We need to tell her gently. "You… Leo is sick," Chris spluttered out. "What?" she asked quietly and Chris grabbed at her shoulder to try and support himself. David did his best to hold him up, but it seemed his shaking legs were unable to support him. "Leo. Has cancer." Emily's face paled and she looked at David who looked away quickly. "Is that true?" David kept his eyes away from her face, unable to watch her heart break as he watched Chris fall to pieces. "Is it true?" David looked at her but said nothing, tears in his own eyes threatening to spill over. Emily turned and ran from the room and Chris finally lost all traces of control, being reduced to a weeping ball on the kitchen floor as David tried his best to comfort him. David heard the front door open and then slam, and he knew Emily had gone to confront Leo. He just sat beside Christopher, stroked his hair, held his hand, and told him that everything would be alright, hoping against hope that it was the truth. Leo groaned as he woke up, the obnoxious sound of the door buzzer repeatedly ringing through the house. He stayed still for a few minutes, hoping whoever it was would just leave him alone, would go away and give up. He'd spent the whole day feeling the worst he had felt through all of it. The party had been one step too far, and there was no way he'd be able to keep up his act any longer. He'd been up throwing up what little he had managed to eat, and had then spent all day in bed. The small area of vision he had been experiencing had also once again faded into blackness as if it was punishing him for not being honest to the people around him about his illness. When after five minutes the person at the door sounded as though they were trying to break it down by hammering on it with their hands he forced himself out of bed, legs shaking with the effort of supporting his weight. He made his way cautiously towards the door. He wasn't too keen on the idea of falling over, and he'd been getting so very disorientated that there was a distinct possibility of it happening. "Leo I know you're in there so open the damn door!" Emily. He fumbled for the button to open the door, finally locating it and pressing it to allow the door to open. She raised her hand and slapped him the second the door was open, full force right in the face. The sound resonated through the room and he stood stock still, stunned. He barely registered the sharp stinging in his cheek; the amount of painkillers flooding his system had him completely numb. "How could you?!" she demanded and his shoulders slumped. "You… know?" he asked and she shoved him roughly, sending him stumbling backwards. "Yes. I know that you could be dying?! Jesus Leo, do you have any idea how selfish that is? To not tell people? Your friends? People who care about you?!" People who love you. "I didn't mean to-" "To what? To show some basic decency and tell your own fucking twin that you have cancer?! You didn't think that he might be a little upset when he found out?!" He visibly flinched, a feeling of sick, sudden guilt hitting him. Immediately he reached for his twin's mind through their link, but found it firmly blocked off. "Is he alright?" he asked quietly and Emily sighed, pushing her wet hair back off her face. It was raining hard outside and she'd walked over, or rather mostly ran over as anger and shock and fuck, fear and love and care had coursed through her veins. Chris, please, talk to me. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Leo sent, but deep down he knew it would go ignored. "Last I saw he was crying, bawling his eyes out on the kitchen floor in my house while David tried to talk sense into him. He's a real big mess." "Fuck it all," Leo muttered under his breath. "I didn't mean for anyone to find out this way. I was going to tell people, to tell all of you. Most of all I knew I had to tell Chris and you… I… I just… please don't hate me?" he pleaded. She stared at him for a long few seconds, the hurt on his face, the remorse so clear in his brown eyes that were begging her to at least hear him out. Sighing, she jabbed the button to close the door and stepped into the house. "You've got ten seconds, so start talking," she said roughly. "I couldn't tell you, but I knew I had to. I… Emily… I'm in love with you," he said, eyes fixed perfectly on hers. She felt her throat tighten, her heart skip a beat and her stomach do a funny sort of turn. Holding her breath she stared at him long and hard. "I'm sorry that you had to find out this way. Please don't hate me, or leave, or-" She took a step forward and cupped his face in both of her hands, pressing her lips to his to stop him from talking. Leo's heart was pounding, guilt and fear and regret mingling with love and tenderness and care. He'd upset her, but he knew it was the right time to tell her, to explain everything not only about his illness but about the way he felt for her. The kiss was short and sweet, feeling like she could explode from the sheer maelstrom of emotions flooding through her, some of which she wasn't even sure were her own, Emily broke the contact. "You're a complete asshole and I hate you," she hissed as she pulled away. His hands found the back of her head and pulled her forward, their lips meeting again, more firmly this time. "I deserve that," he nodded slightly as they broke apart again. His heart was pounding as he trailed one hand down to link with hers, the other gently stroking her hair back off her face. "Why are you wet?" he asked and she sighed. "Raining," she said shortly. "Your clothes are wet too," he pointed out. He hoped it didn't come across as too obvious that he was hoping she'd take them off. "Don't care," she shrugged. He took a deep breath. "I uh… have some dry clothes, if you want to borrow something? Then we can talk about… y'know, everything," he offered and she looked at him carefully, annoyed at herself for not questioning the more obvious signs of his illness. The dullness in his usually bright eyes, the dark circles beneath them, the weight loss, the lack of appetite, the constant sleeping. "Guess I better had change," she agreed, her hands moving down to play with the bottom hem of his tee-shirt. She found it odd, normally he'd wear long sleeves. "I want this shirt," she said and he chuckled nervously. "But I'm already wearing this one." "I want it." "That'd mean I'd have to… take… it off… Emily do you…" he began, cut off once again by her lips. This time she was more insistent, her tongue taking the lead and teasing at his bottom lip. "Do you mean like…" She cut him off again, this time biting lightly at his lip and causing him to tense and wrap his arms around her, pulling their bodies close. "You want me to take off my clothes?" he finished. There were no more words as she led him by the hand up to his bedroom and to the edge of his bed. She took the lead, pushing him down so he was sitting before settling on his lap. He was gaining confidence in their kisses, his tongue beginning to taste her as he's longed to for so long. Emily ran her hands through his soft hair, messing it up fully as they moved to a horizontal position, both laying on their sides. She wondered if he knew the lights were on in his room. Probably not. His hand found her waist and began to run up and down the curve between her ribcage and hip, slowly and thoroughly. "What are you doing?" she whispered as they broke apart again. "Looking," he mumbled, pressing a kiss to the corner of her lips. "God, I wish you could see right now," she sighed as she tugged at the bottom of his shirt again. "When you can't see you have to just… feel," he said softly and she felt herself tear up. She sniffled before she could help it and his hand was immediately on her face, caressing softly, wiping away the tears with his thumb. She buried her face in his shoulder and cried. He just held her, stroking her hair, trying to calm her down as she began to sob, clinging to his shirt like her life depended on it. "It's so –hic- unfair." "I know. I know, I hate it. I get the worst luck, huh?" he said gently and she looked up at him to see him smiling slightly. "You do have pretty bad luck." "I feel pretty lucky right now though, you know, beautiful woman in my bed and all that," he smiled and she huffed, shoving him in the chest and making him chuckle. "Cheeseball," she muttered as she wiped away the last of her tears and her lips found his once again. He was more cautious now, kisses soft and gentle, hands still roaming a little but not too much until he slipped one hand under the hem of her sweater and froze as it came into contact with soft warm skin. "Most people wear shirts under their sweaters," he pointed out. "I got dressed in a hurry," she mumbled as she took his wrist in her hand and moved his hand higher. His fingertips trailed over her skin in a way that caused her to shudder slightly. Letting go of his wrist she took the first step, and grabbed his shirt with full intention of throwing it on the floor. He was hesitant for a moment but then moved, lifting his shoulders so she could remove the item of clothing and throw it aside. She did her best to ignore the marks on his arms that were obviously from IV lines and repeated use of hypo-sprays. "Never thought you'd have chest hair," she smirked as her ran her hands over the small patch in the middle of his chest. She was expecting him to laugh and glanced up at his face when he didn't. He wasn't looking at her, and his face was set to a serious expression, a determined expression. He didn't want to joke around anymore. His heart was telling him this could be his last chance, and he had to take it. She didn't have to ask why he'd become serious all of a sudden. He pulled her lips back to his, more forcefully, kissing her hard. Finding herself sitting up and straddling his waist, she ran her hands over his naked torso before removing her sweater and throwing it aside. At every possible opportunity she'd look at him. He was just as beautiful without his shirt as she'd always imagined, but definitely a little underweight. His ribs were showing as he lay on his back, but his toned stomach more than made up for it in a visual sense. With another ten or twenty pounds of muscle, he'd look so perfect she might never leave his bed again. His hands rushed up to explore the newly exposed skin, always stopping short of her bra. She chuckled and lowered her lips to his again. "You're allowed to touch me you know," she whispered, her lips brushing lightly against hers as she spoke. "I am," he pointed out, stealing another quick kiss. Grabbing his wrists she brought his hands up so they were over her breasts and his breath hitched in his throat slightly. She fought the urge to giggle at the lost expression on his face and the way his hands stayed completely still, just cupping her through her bra. It wasn't until then that she really noticed just how big his hands were, fitting her ample chest perfectly. "You're such an awkward turtle," she smirked and he frowned. "Not a turtle. Just a little awkward," he smiled nervously. Tentatively, his hands squeezed slightly, then snaked around her back to unclip her bra. He fumbled for a minute. "What is this… like some kind of super-advanced unbreakable lock?" he muttered into her shoulder as he struggled with it. "Man versus bra, the ultimate battle!" she taunted and he laughed as he finally managed to unclasp it, pulling it from her body and throwing it aside. Before she knew what was happening, she found herself on her back on the bed, Leo's mouth trailing down her neck, tiny kisses being placed on the sensitive skin. He kissed over her collarbone as his hands tentatively explored her naked torso, making her shiver slightly as his fingertips brushed over her nipples, lingering there for longer than elsewhere as he savoured her reaction. She watched him closely, the way he was thoroughly learning every inch of her exposed skin, hands no longer afraid to touch or even squeeze slightly. His mouth lowered and he kissed down to right over her heart, pausing there before returning to kiss her lips again. No longer able to ignore the hard bulge pressing against her hip she lowered one hand and groped him through his clothing, raising an eyebrow at what she found there and taking a moment to try and establish if she'd possibly grabbed something in his pocket by mistake. His heart was racing as she slipped a hand into his pyjama pants, gripping his erection through only the thin fabric of his boxers. "That alright?" she asked and he nodded quickly, moving to lay beside her on the bed again. Their remaining clothing was lost slowly, time being taken to explore newly exposed skin, to kiss and touch and feel. Leo hesitated at her underwear and she kissed his ear before whispering into it. "It's okay." He felt a spark of confidence and ran his fingertips over the soft fabric of her underwear once more, before gripping and beginning to drag them down her legs to be carelessly flung aside. Emily shivered as Leo ran his hands all the way up from her feet to her hips, trailing over her legs in a way that made her whole body tingle. He could barely contain himself at the feeling of the velvet-soft skin, wrapping toned, slender legs that tensed under his touch. Emily looked at his body, over and over, memorising it, every freckle, every tiny scar, some of which she knew the story of, others she didn't. "You're so perfect," she mumbled against his lips. "No, I'm not," he objected quietly. Her hands began to wander over his body, one settling on his hipbone and causing him to squirm. "I uh… well… hmm," he stammered and she smiled. "Nervous?" she asked and he nodded quickly. "Me too. That's ok. We can stop, I mean we probably shouldn't really do this, I mean- but I do want to, really, I want to do this… with you," she faltered and he nodded again. "Yeah well I mean… I want to, too, so… if you want to, and I want to, and I'm pretty sure we're both like… really naked and in my bed… and home alone… I mean… should we? It's completely up to you… so, if you want to?" he asked and she smiled. "I want to," she said simply and he kissed her again, deeply, his tongue trailing over hers in a way that made her feel if she was stood up her knees would have gone weak. Her eyes trailed over his naked form once again and she felt a surge of nervousness. He certainly was above average in the one department that really counted at this point and she knew this was likely to be painful. That isn't going to fit. No way. No how. "I won't hurt you, I promise, I'll be really careful," he mumbled, he was paying careful attention to her thoughts resonating into his own body through where their skin touched. "You reading my mind?" "Maybe a little," he admitted and she smirked. "Read it again," she said and he took a deep breath. Touch me. Obliging her instruction he lowered one hand between her legs, slowly caressing the inside of her thigh and getting higher and higher until finally reaching his target. She bit back her whimper as he finally touched her, fingertips exploring the delicate skin, becoming slick and coated with her arousal. One finger began to very slowly ease into her and she tensed, holding her breath. He kissed her jaw, down to behind her ear, nibbling at her ear lobe in a way that made her relax fully and release the breath she was holding. "That ok?" he asked and she nodded quickly as his finger began to move, in and out at an agonisingly slow pace. She reached out and closed her hand around his cock and he froze, biting his lip and closing his eyes tightly. She tightened her grip experimentally and he whimpered against her lips as they met in a messy kiss. His finger moved faster and her breathing quickened, her hand trailing down to the base of his cock before stroking firmly back up to the head. He exhaled heavily and she chuckled. "Too much?" "No," he said softly, his head falling back against the pillows. A gasp escaped her lips as he gently added his second finger. She found her hips rising off the bed, sounds she had never made before tumbling from her mouth before she could stop them. It wasn't long before she couldn't stop herself from moaning against his neck as the pleasure began to build. He paused and let out a shaky breath, tensing up and trying to keep himself under control, causing her to chuckle. "Sorry," she whispered, kissing his lips lightly. "I think that's the best thing I've ever heard in my life," he mumbled against her ear, moving his fingers more quickly, more insistently. She soon forgot all about what she had been doing with her own hand as she felt herself reaching a new height of pleasure, mouth hanging open as she gasped for each shallow breath. "Emily… can I… I want to…" his cheeks were tinted green as he struggled to verbalise his request. "What?" she gasped out as his fingers pressed harder. He removed his hand and tentatively put one finger into his own mouth, she felt her breath hitch in her throat. "Leo… I… oh my god, stop it," she mumbled, pulling his hand away from his mouth. "Why?" he asked innocently and she pushed his hair off his forehead. "Because I… want to do more," she said and he took a deep breath. "I've never done… uh… y'know, that. Or well… any of this stuff before," he admitted and she smiled. "That makes both of us." "I mean I know… how to… I guess… like… I just never…" he trailed off and she brought her hand up to touch his face. "We'll figure it out," she assured and he nodded. Their heated kisses resumed as he gently rolled her onto her back, taking his place on top of her and careful to not let any of his body weight rest on her. She wrapped her legs around his, hooking her heels behind his thighs, pulling him closer and causing them both to gasp as he brushed against her. Emily lost herself as he kissed her as if his life depended on it, hands roaming all over her body. She broke the kiss and bit her lip as she felt the blunt head of his erection press against her entrance, looking up at his face to see he was biting his own lip in the exact same way. "Ready?" he asked softly and she made a small sound of agreement, making him frown. "If you don't want to, I won't be offended or-" "I'm ready, sorry. I'm nervous," she breathed and he kissed her again. "Me too, feel," he said, taking her hand and placing it on his side so she could feel the rapid pounding of his heart low in his ribcage. She held her breath as he pushed in slightly, her hands rushing to grip his thighs and closing her eyes tightly as she felt the beginnings of discomfort and then pain as he moved further. "Stop," she whimpered as he got maybe halfway, he immediately froze. "I'm so sorry," he whispered, kissing her cheek. Noticing the fact she was trembling all over, Emily took a few deep, steadying breaths before squeezing his arm in a hint to continue. He pulled back a little before moving forwards again, this time kissing her at the same time. Leo brought one hand up to her face, his fingers lingering over her PSI points but not engaging a meld. He was getting enough of a telepathic connection with her to feel her pain and kissed his way down to her ear. "I'm sorry," he repeated and she shook her head. "Don't be," she said quietly, her hand covering his on her face. "We can stop," he offered and she shook her head again. "Don't stop." He followed her orders and didn't stop, continuing to be as gentle and careful as he could. The pain she was experiencing subsided after a few minutes as he kept completely still, allowing her time to get used to the feeling and allowing his own body time to relax. The feeling of her around him, so incredibly warm and tight and gripping him in just the perfect way was slightly overwhelming. She tilted her hips up and he took it as permission to move, setting a very slow and careful pace. Tingling spread through her body, and she realised the pleasure she was feeling wasn't her own, Leo had opened his mind, let down all his shields that made his telepathy one-way, and allowed her in to share what he was feeling, helping her to relax. The only sound in the room was the rain outside continuing to lash against the window and their heavier than usual breathing as they slowly moved with each other for what felt like a long time, light touches and small kisses adding to the overwhelming sensations flooding through them both. Emily noticed she was gripping Leo's thighs so tightly she'd left tiny little semi-circular indents from her nails digging into his skin. She released the tension in her grip and ran her hands up to his lower back, caressing his overheated skin gently. "I'm not still hurting you am I?" he whispered breathlessly and she shook her head, whimpering as he moved slightly and she felt a small jolt of pleasure which was most definitely her own. Removing his hand from her face he experimentally changed angle, kneeling upright and lifting her hips easily as if she weighed nothing at all until he found the perfect angle, letting out a small moan that made her giggle. "Oh my god, Emily," he mumbled as he gently lifted her right leg over his shoulder, kissing and biting gently at her calf as it was in range of his lips. Emily gasped as he sped up slightly again, her toes curling involuntarily and causing him to smile. He stopped suddenly and she looked up at him, concerned as to why. "Just, need a second," he said quickly, forcing himself to back down from the edge that had seemingly appeared out of nowhere. He hoped she wouldn't realise why he'd had to stop. "Got a little excited huh?" she asked and he nodded, biting his bottom lip as he tried to calm his body down and suppress his embarrassment. "Let me just- take a minute," he said as he lowered her leg for her and slowly pulled out, collapsing onto the bed beside her laying on his side with his arm draped around her waist, breathing hard, his whole body trembling slightly. She pushed his sweaty hair back off his forehead before placing a kiss there. "I also definitely realised we forgot something," he pointed out their lack of discussion of contraception and she shrugged. "So? I like babies," she smirked and he frowned. Knowing full well that her contraceptive shot had another three months before it needed renewing (her Dad had insisted once she turned eighteen that she had it, whether she was having sex or not) she decided to wind him up a little bit. "Not at nineteen you don't, and besides, you'd be raising it alone after your Dad killed me with his bare hands for knocking you up!" he chuckled into her neck as he affectionately hugged her tightly. "This is true. I can just imagine the conversation… 'Hey Daddy, me and Leo had sex and now I'm having a pointy-eared baby, that cool?'" she said and he chuckled again, kissing her rounded ear. "You don't like pointy-ears huh?" he asked and she smirked. "I love them actually, they're so cute," she said as she pushed him so he was laying on his back then straddled him, her knees supporting her weight on the bed. "And I was only trying to scare you, I get a contraceptive shot and my current one is effective for months yet, so there wont be any babies and my Daddy wont be killing you, I mean unless he finds out about this," she said and he smiled. "Well that's good, because right now I'm really enjoying being alive." She shivered at his hands running up her thighs then skimmed over her hips and waist before settling on her hips as she carefully lowered herself onto him, taking him in slowly and relieved to find it much less painful. Leo squeezed his eyes tightly closed, not that it made any difference, but he was trying so hard to concentrate, to keep control and not just explode out of sheer overwhelming excitement. Knowing he really shouldn't, he sat up slightly and reached his hand up for her face again, fingertips once again settling on her meld points. The temptation to delve into her mind was too much, and he slipped into a light meld, causing her movements to slow to a stop, leaving her just sitting atop him, their bodies and minds connected. He sat up all the way and they both stayed very still, feeling each others rapid heart-beats in their pressed-together chests as they shared everything they were experiencing through the mental link. If you want me to stop I can- "Leo," she breathed, lowering her lips down to his, her arms thrown around his neck, pulling him closer still and wrapping her legs around his waist, causing another small moan to escape him before he could stop it. I love this, I love you. The feeling of her words echoing inside his mind was too much and he bucked his hips as much as he could with her sitting on top of him. She moaned softly against his mouth and began to move, clumsily at first, but on finding what felt good she settled into a rhythm, her breathing very quickly becoming harsh and desperate as she clung to him, his own panting against her neck. "I'm… oh Emily, shit," he gasped out, his hand dropping from her face and settling on her back, his other hand staying where it was on her upper thigh and his grip tightening. She could still feel his mind inside of hers, but at that moment she would have done nothing to ever change that, to ever lose that feeling of the ultimate connection and intimacy in sharing thoughts and feelings without words. He ran his hands all over her body, the overheated, soft skin making his palms tingle. A rush of pleasure that wasn't her own washed over her, causing her to moan and throw her head back, movements now almost frantic as she sensed him reaching the end. Ladies first… She gasped his name as he funnelled so much raw lust and passion and ecstasy into her mind that she couldn't cope, completely coming undone as her orgasm hit her at a speed even the Enterprise probably couldn't achieve, her eyes closing tightly and then nothing but pure, immeasurable bliss. She was vaguely aware of feeling him hit his release, heat spreading as he spilled inside of her, her name escaping his lips alongside a stream of quiet, barely controlled moans and incoherent gasps of pleasure. Losing herself completely in the feeling, she slumped against him, throat sore from sounds she couldn't remember making, breathing in desperate gasps against his shoulder as he stroked her hair back off her face. "Are… did you…" "Oh yeah. I just thought I'd make sure you got there first," he said shakily and she chuckled weakly, breathlessly. Emily made no attempt to move, and Leo wasn't about to complain as he savoured the feeling of her heart beating fast against his chest, gradually beginning to slow down to a more normal rate. He pressed his lips to her temple, fingers brushing through her now tangled hair as he racked his brain for something to say. "I uh… wow," he mumbled and she giggled, squeezing him tightly and kissing his shoulder where her face was still resting against it. "Wow," she agreed, very carefully lifting herself off him and laying down beside him, wincing a little bit as she moved. Instantly he was behind her, one arm underneath her neck and wrapped around her upper chest, the other wrapped around her waist, bodies as close as they could be. Leo nuzzled his face into her neck, kissing up to her ear and back down to where her neck started to become her shoulder. "I don't really know what to say… thank you? Maybe, I don't know," he mumbled awkwardly and she smiled, shifting a little in his arms so she could turn to kiss the corner of his mouth. "Now you just say goodnight, and we'll talk about everything when we wake up," she said and he nodded slightly. "Alright then. Goodnight Emily," he said softly and she exhaled contentedly, snuggling closer to him and soaking up the feeling of his strong arms around her body, protectively holding her close. "Do you need anything? Like… before you go to sleep?" she asked, all of a sudden remembering that yes, it was real, Leo was still very ill, still taking any number of medications. "No, don't need anything," he mumbled sleepily. Just you. "I heard that," she smiled and he mumbled an incoherent response as his eyes slipped closed. "Night darlin'," she whispered as she pressed one last tender kiss to his lips as he drifted off to sleep. Well. I have NEVER written straight sex before. Sorry if that was awful! It was really tough because they're both so innocent and nice and I wanted it to be all... y'know... loving and tender but still passionate. I'll just be quiet now... "
Chapter Fourteen David yawned as he awoke from a restless night. The first thing he did was check on the person sharing his bed, a stubbornly fully-clothed Christopher, sleeping uncomfortably on his side in his jeans and shirt from the previous day. He had finally fallen asleep around four in the morning having been part coaxed and part dragged up to the bed by David who refused to let him go home. Chris had barely said a word, he'd spent hours staring into space, sometimes with silent tears rolling down his cheeks, but other times nothing, just blankness. David shifted closer, wrapping an arm around him. He needed the comfort right now, his raw emotional turmoil was leaking through their bond and David could feel just how badly the support was required. He knew he wanted to be there for Chris, even if only as a friend, to help him make sense of it all, to help him come to terms with the news of his twin's illness and the fact it had been kept from him. Chris tensed slightly in his arms and David gave him a small, comforting squeeze, letting him know that he was awake and ready to listen. The first words out of his mouth were not the ones he had expected. "Thank you," Chris whispered and David hesitated for a moment. "No… don't thank me. It's what I'm here for," he said, giving him another squeeze. Chris exhaled slowly. "Are we… spooning, right now?" he asked and David chuckled quietly. "I guess so, sorry, that's my bad, my bed isn't really big enough for both of us to-" "No. I… I like it. It's warm and kind of… nice. Never really done this," Chris trailed off and David didn't press for him to explain. "I don't know what to do," Chris said blankly and David nodded to show he was listening. "I feel like I want to talk to him, but the last thing I want to do is stress him out… I mean… he's a dick for keeping it a secret, but I'm more of a dick for not noticing something so obvious right in front of my face. I should have known it was something serious when he took a semester off school… I mean… there's no way he'd have done that for no real reason. I just… I'm worried," he finished and turned a little so he could look at David whilst he spoke to him. "It's only natural to be worried, but from what I know he's got the situation under control and they're going to get him fixed right up. Did you hear he could see a light the other day at Scotty's party?" David tried to twist the conversation to a more positive angle. "Yeah, Jim told me. It's exciting. Can't wait to show him stuff, if I… y'know, get the chance," Chris said sadly and David frowned. "Nuh-uh, no negativity in here. You will get to show him stuff, ok? He's going to be alright. I mean, you look at him, he's finished his chemo and he didn't even lose his damn hair! He's lost what, like ten pounds? He can put that back on in a week or two with our help; he eats meat right, or is that you?" Chris sighed. "Seren is vegan, Leo is vegetarian, and I'll eat anything," he explained for what felt like the millionth time in his twenty years of life. "Damn I'd hate to be your parent, cooking three different meals all the time? Surprised Jim didn't just give you all the same and tell you to eat it or starve," David chuckled and Chris gave a very small smile. "Jim's a pushover; you just have to know how to play him." They both stayed very still, David very aware of he fact he had his arm around Chris, and Chris very aware of what that was doing to his heart rate. "Are you… are we… what is this?" Chris asked quietly and David took a moment to think. "I'm… helping you, with this whole Leo situation. I'll be here for you… y'know… whatever you need. If that's a hug, I can do that, or if it's a late night drive, fast food and a conversation to take your mind off it, I can do that too." Chris nodded. David answered his next question without it needing to be asked. "My feelings haven't changed, but I know I was being an ass. I'll be more sensitive, I'm really sorry," he mumbled and Chris nodded again. "Sure. Don't uh… don't mention it. Just so long as we both know where we are with everything," he said and David held back his sigh at the heartbreak seeping into Chris's voice. He felt strange around him. His palms were sweaty, and his mouth was dry, and sometimes he forgot what he wanted to say. He had a vague idea what that meant, but didn't plan on acting on it whilst Chris was already dealing with so much, and needed time himself to process the shift in his feelings. Never did he think he'd be attracted to Christopher in this way, but it felt as though that was what was beginning to happen. Chris sniffled and David quickly looked at him to make sure he was alright. "I'm fine. I just have a cold," he said quickly and David rolled his eyes at the feeble lie as he saw Chris wipe away a stray tear with the back of his hand and did his best to provide a distraction. "Come on lazy-ass, get up, let's go get pancakes or something, I'm starved!" Jim stretched as he woke up and grimaced. His back hurt. A lot. "Spock you broke me," he mumbled as he buried his face into the Vulcan's neck. "I believe you were extremely keen on your body being contorted in such a way Jim." "Yeah but… now it hurts," he whined. "I did warn you at the time that-" "I know, I know, but at the time I didn't have any blood in my brain to make an informed decision," Jim chuckled. They'd gone out for dinner the previous evening, and dinner had led to a long drive to a place they both knew would be deserted and a lengthy conversation, mostly about how sorry Spock was for being away for so long. Jim always liked it when Spock brought it up first, showing that he was still thinking about it and knew he wasn't entirely forgiven. Jim also liked it when Spock showed him how sorry he was for all the night's he'd missed, and Jim had found himself incredibly grateful for how roomy the inside of their car really was. They'd snuck in like a pair of naughty teenager's sometime around three in the morning and had crawled into bed. Jim closed his eyes and nuzzled his face into the warm skin, breathing in Spock's comforting smell but also picking up on something else. "Hey… do you smell… waffles?" he asked, moving away from Spock and sniffing at the air. "I am indeed able to detect the smell of waffles." Jim rolled his eyes at Spock's over-wording of his affirmative response and slipped out of bed, padding downstairs in just his boxers. "Hey Seren, you want to make a few extra and oh-"Jim stopped abruptly as he realised the person in the kitchen was definitely not his daughter. Emily blushed bright, vivid pink and did her best to hide behind the kitchen counter. She was wearing a damp-looking sweater and boxers that Jim recognised as belonging to his youngest son. "Good morning," he smirked, covering his crotch with both hands seeing as he didn't want to be enormously inappropriate and wander around in his underwear in front of her. She squeaked and nodded a hello in return. "Those aren't your boxers," he pointed out and she shook her head. The look of terror and embarrassment on her face made Jim want to either laugh or hug her. Maybe both. "Leo still sleeping?" She nodded silently. "So… you uh… you're wearing his boxers? Kind of a giveaway as to… uh… you guys were… careful right?" he asked, amazed at how awkward he felt asking the question. The twins were twenty years old, and it was totally normal for them to be having sex. He knew plenty about Christopher's sex life, more than he wanted or needed to know, but the thought of Leo actually doing that, and with Emily McCoy no less, was almost too much information for his brain to process at once. She nodded again. "I mean I knew you would have been, just, figured I'd check. He's had y'know, the talk, I just-" "I'm gonna go… back upstairs… now," Emily mumbled, interrupting him. Her face was so red that it was nearing the shade of Uhura's uniform dress. "Hey, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you." Jim looked around and snatched up a pair of pants that were sticking half out of the dryer. They were Spock's and a little too long, but he pulled them on anyway, grabbing a shirt to go along with them, hoping that by getting dressed she's feel a little less awkward with him being in the kitchen. Emily was staring at the floor intently and Jim sniffed the air again. "Your waffles are gonna burn, and Leo likes them like… almost raw," he pointed out and Emily quickly switched off the waffle-maker and opened it to retrieve them. She said nothing and avoided Jim's eye, scurrying from the room and not even taking the food with her. "Emily?" he asked after her and she paused, glancing back at him, pushing her messy hair back off her face. "I didn't see anything, I didn't know you were here, alright?" he said and she hesitated for a moment before nodding, a small grateful smile on her face as she started to rush towards the stairs. Jim exhaled slowly and snatched up the forgotten waffles, putting them on a plate and smothering them in syrup before eating them himself, unsure if he wanted to laugh at what had just happened or not. "Oh my god! Jim is here and I just saw him in the kitchen, and he totally knows!" Emily hissed as she climbed back into Leo's bed, ditching her sweatshirt again and leaving her in only his boxers. She gave him a few seconds and realised he was still fast asleep. She leant over to get a look at his face, and wasn't able to resist placing a small kiss on his forehead as she saw his peaceful expression. His skin felt strange against her lips. Cold. Clammy. Instinctively she placed her hand flat on his forehead. He was certainly too cold. "Hey Leo, are you alright?" she asked quietly and he didn't stir. A sick feeling of dread overcoming her, she pressed her ear to his mouth to check for certain he was actually breathing. He was. Slowly. And very deeply, as if he was lost in the furthest realms of sleep. Gently at first she shook his shoulder, trying to wake him. "Hey, wake up," she tried. He didn't respond at all. "Wake up, I made waffles and I think Jim stole them so we need to make more," she whined, prodding him gently but firmly in the ribs. Emily knew Leo was a heavy sleeper but this was taking it to extremes. Sighing with frustration she lay back down beside him, letting her mind wander to the previous night. They had so much to talk about. He had so much to talk about. A hell of a lot of explaining needed to be done. Emily tried to wake him again by shaking his shoulder, a feeling of unease starting to blossom as she realised nothing she was trying was working. "You're not in there are you," she said slowly, realising the part of her mind Leo had touched last night was feeling very cold and empty again. After ten more minutes Emily felt tears pricking at her eyes. Leo wouldn't wake up no matter what she tried. As a last resort she peeled open one of his eyelids. His pupils were fully dilated and didn't seem to react to the change of light. She scrambled for her clothes, knowing she needed help and once quickly dressed rushed to find Jim. He was sitting at the table in the dining area, still looking a little bit bemused by what he'd witnessed earlier. He took one look at her tearstained face and sprang up from his seat. "Emily, are you-" "I can't wake him up. I've tried everything, and I don't know w-what to do," she spluttered as she began to cry. "Hey, shh, I'm sure he's fine, let's go take a look," Jim said calmly, but she couldn't ignore the worry that flashed across his face. Leonard McCoy was silent as he stood beside Jim. They both watched the situation unfolding before them, both wishing it was untrue, both willing it to change. Emily clutched at Leo's hand determinedly, but they could both see she was wearing thin already, tears threatening to spill over. Jim didn't know what to do, and even the calming waves being passed directly into his mind from Spock did nothing to ease his discomfort. Leo had slipped into a healing trance. Spock had explained thoroughly what it meant, and that he wouldn't come out of it until his body was ready to. He'd been moved to the hospital so a close watch could be kept on him, and Jim and Bones were in the room adjoining his, watching their two children through the one-way viewing glass. Jim let his forehead rest against the cool glass before him and slowly exhaled. "I'm sorry Jim. If there was a way I could get him out of-" "No. Don't worry. It's what he needs, so we just need to try our best not to worry," Jim dismissed him quickly. He was angry at his friend. The way he'd acted towards Chris was completely unacceptable and not just unacceptable, but entirely out of character, so much so that Jim now felt Bones was unpredictable and was being very cautious around him. The doctor was silent beside him and Jim glanced at him, surprised to find him looking clearly upset, something he rarely saw. "Jim… I'm sorry about yesterday with Chris. I shouldn't have spoken to him that way, and I damn sure shouldn't have put my hands on him like that… I… it's no excuse but I just feel everythin' boiled over, y'know?" Jim sighed and turned to face the older man. "I do know, but I also know that no matter how angry any of your kids made me, I would never-" "I feel awful. Think he'd accept it if I apologised?" Jim glanced at the unconscious young man in the bed, face sickly pale against the white sheets. "I don't know. Probably. He knows about Leo now, and he knows that Spock I kept it from him, so he's probably more concerned about that, and whatever amount of shit he's still dealing with where David's concerned," Jim sighed and ran his hands through his hair. "He was in David's room this morning. I heard 'em mumblin' to each other. Makin' progress if they're having sleepovers," Bones shrugged and Jim cocked his brow. "Whatever happened to 'damn it Jim, none of your kids better get with any of my kids'… finally decided they're allowed to now? Come on Bones, it was always gonna happen… they're all so close in age and everything. I feel like between those four it was almost inevitable," Jim said and the doctor nodded, defeated. "Carol gave me one hell of a talkin' to about it. I just… could never picture Chris and David. I always… I don't know, I figured sure one twin and Emily, and pretty early on I knew I wanted it to be Leo because he's always been so sweet on her. But David is such a… well I don't know. He puts it about a bit," he said and Jim smirked slightly. "Him and Chris are like two peas in a pod in that respect." "Well I know that. And I damn well remember what I was gettin' up to back at the Academy, but I just… this bonding? I can't see either of them staying faithful. They both got a lot of growin' up to do before either of them'll be ready for it," he said and Jim nodded, having also reached a similar conclusion himself. "That's for them to figure out. From what I understand at this point David has told Chris he doesn't want anything to do with him," Jim said in a low voice as the door behind them opened. He turned to glance at Joanna, standing in her new cadet reds and having come straight from class. "That's typical David though. Knee-jerk reaction to everything, and he normally goes back on himself eventually once he pulls his head out of his ass. How was class Jo?" he asked, turning to his eldest daughter. Jim looked back to Emily and Leo. He just wanted to wrap her in a hug. She was sitting slumped in the chair beside his bed, lifeless hand clutched in hers, distraught expression on her face that summed up pretty much how he felt himself. Spock had mentioned to him the possibility of this happening, if the stress on his body grew too great, if he could no longer cope. Jim guessed that whatever Leo and Emily had got up to the previous night had been far too much for him, not just physically but emotionally, and by weakening his mental shields he'd pushed himself one step too far. "How is he?" Joanna asked and Jim closed his eyes and took a few seconds to regain control over his emotions. The sickening feeling of concern, of pure fear that Leo might never wake up again. That after all the progress he'd made, that he'd never look into his son's eyes and know that he was looking back into his. "Spock can explain it better than me, but he's doing this because he needs it. It's a natural response for his mind to try and reflect his energy inwards to focus on… healing. I don't know, ask Spock," Jim finished weakly and she nodded. "Red suits you," he said and she gave a small smile. "I hate them, they're the ugliest colour and they clash with everything." Bones chuckled. "First test of Starfleet darlin', see if you can pass three years in those without losin' your mind." The three were silent for a few moments before Bones mumbled something and bustled out, appearing in Leo's room moments later, tricoder in hand. Jim could see his mouth moving as he tried to talk to Emily, and her giving short responses but not once looking up at him. He sighed and looked at Joanna who was already looking at him carefully. "How are you?" she asked and he let out a slow breath. There was a long pause as Jim considered his answer from the many words rushing through his mind that could have described the way he was currently feeling. Worried sick, anxious, uneasy, distressed, fearful, desperate for him to be okay… just… wake up, Leo. Please. "So scared," he admitted and she nodded. "Perfectly natural, but you just said it yourself; he's doing this because he needs it." "I know. I just… I need him," he said quietly. Tears pricked at the corners of his eyes and he willed them back. "I know you do. And I know parents don't have favourites, but I've always noticed the way you look at him. He's really special to you, of course you need him to be okay," she said and he nodded stiffly. "You ever thought about being a therapist? You've got that calming tone of voice," he said and she smiled sadly. "I don't know if I have the patience for something like that, we both know I get just like dad when I'm angry," she said and he nodded with a small smile. "You McCoy's are a fiery bunch," he said and Joanna nodded. "So… Carol told me dad came over and yelled at Chris, hit him too. You guys cleared that up?" she asked and Jim shrugged. "I guess. It's Chris he needs to apologise to, not me. I guess I was just worried because the Bones I know would never, ever come to blows with someone. He's always been the kind of guy to think before he acts, and he's acting weird." Joanna was silent for a moment before offering her answer. "Now, I didn't tell you this," she said quietly and Jim nodded "But he's the most stressed he's ever been in his life. If something happens to Leo, if… if the worst happens, he's told me that he will never, ever forgive himself for it. As the date for his surgery is getting closer and Leo still isn't following orders and taking it easy, he's getting really on-edge about it. And then everything with David and Chris too? Poor guy is a bit overwhelmed." Jim nodded, realising all at once that yes, of course Bones was getting overwhelmed. He recalled a time when he had one of the doctor's children's lives in his hands and the immense feeling of responsibility. "Captain, life support has failed in all common areas of deck eleven Sir, only the crew quarters on that deck are still supplied. I cannae do anythin' until everythin' is under control sir," Scotty's urgent voice rang through the comm. system. "Understood Mr. Scott. Sulu, get us away from them right now!" Jim ordered, knuckles white as his hands clenched the arms of his Captain's chair. "Yes sir," Sulu responded quickly. They'd dropped out of warp and a hostile Klingon ship had lowered it's cloaking device, immediately opening fire. Jim inhaled sharply as the ship vibrated, the warp drive powering back up. "Jim! Jim I'm stuck in sickbay, Carol is in our room with Emily and Jo and… I… the baby, Jim, I need to get to her and I can't from here. Comms on that deck are fried. I need to know that she's alright," Bones' voice came through. He sounded like he was in such a state of panic he could barely string a sentence together. Sickbay was cut off due to an atmosphere breach on deck six. "Status report! Where are we venting atmosphere and can we seal the bulkheads?" Jim demanded. "Decks six, seven, eleven and fourteen sir. No major hull damage but enough to cause a breach. We can keep the supply to the rooms on those decks but the hallways are already depressurised," reported an Ensign and Jim nodded. Carol was painfully close to her due date and had been ordered on maternity leave by Jim, despite her protests. She'd been spending most of her time in bed, thoroughly exhausted. "Bones, stay where you are, I'm going to try and get to her. Scotty, seal all bulkheads on deck eleven. Spock, she's all yours, keep us as far away from those Klingons as possible," Jim ordered as he sprang up from his chair. Spock nodded and took the chair from Jim. Jim glanced at Uhura's station, manned by a young Ensign. Uhura was off duty and had Jim and Spock's three children in her quarters with her. Jim bounded into the turbo-lift, eyes meeting Spock's as the doors closed. His pocket communicator started to sound and he pulled it out and flipped it open. "Jim, I can't reach Len… but… the baby. I… he's coming now," Carol sounded just as panicked as the doctor had. "I'll get a message across. Comms are down on your deck, and the hallways have vented atmosphere. I'm on my way to you now, just keep calm, I promise it'll be alright," he said as calmly as he could. "What are you-" "Carol. Just relax, it's under control," he urged and she took a deep shaky breath. "I'm going to patch your signal through to sickbay, alright? So you can talk to Bones, just stay right there," he ordered as he stepped out of the turbo-lift into a strangely deserted corridor on deck ten. He ripped the panel off the wall above the video-comm panel there and opened the back of his communicator, working quickly to connect the two devices. "Scotty when this is all over you make a way to patch our handhelds through to the ship automatically, understand?" Jim demanded as he burnt his fingertips on a frayed wire. "Aye sir, but you should already be able to do that?" "Not if the… the receiver for the signal is dead. Sickbay's hasn't worked for a couple of days," Carol said. Jim could practically hear her gritting her teeth. "Scotty why wasn't this dealt with?" Jim barked as he worked to connect the wire trailing from his handheld device into the wall panel. "I… Jim with all due respect could you give me my tellin' off later? I'm a wee bit busy down here!" Jim cut off his signal and jabbed the keys to reach sickbay, Bones' face appearing on the screen in front of him. "Bones, Carol, can you hear each other?" Jim asked and Bones breathed a heavy sigh of relief as Carol began to talk. "I'm going to get to you Carol, sit tight," he ordered as he took off sprinting down the corridor. He reached the room he needed and snatched a suit off the wall, quickly shoving it on over his uniform and pulling on the helmet and ensuring correct pressurisation before rushing back to the turo-lift and jabbing the button for deck eleven. The doors opened into a strange, zero-gravity feeling and Jim quickly pushed himself forwards with a powerful thrust from his legs. Nothing would be worse than getting stuck in the middle of the space with no way of propelling himself forwards. He flinched as his shoulder made hard contact with the ceiling and hit the button on the side of his helmet to open his comm. channel. "Kirk to bridge, Spock, are we clear?" "Yes Captain it would appear the Klingon vessel did not pursue us. Dropping out of warp at your command sir," he said calmly. "Take us out of warp at your discretion. Scotty, seal with bulkhead nearest to the turbo-lift on deck eleven, and then seal the one nearest to the breach, and try to pressurise that stretch of hallway for me," he ordered and was met with grumbling from the Scotsman. "Now Mr Scott!" "Right y'are, hope you're clear of the doors or I'll be cuttin' ya' clean in half," he said as the door hissed closed behind Jim and again at the very end of the corridor. Jim used the wall to drag himself forwards until he reached the door to Bones and Carol's quarters. "Need that air on now Scotty!" "Workin' on it, give me two bloody seconds!" "You don't have two seconds, I need it done yesterday!" Jim yelled, his own worry getting the better of him. Carol needed to be in sickbay to deliver their baby safely. Now. The gravity and air came back on and Jim grunted as he fell to the floor, landing flat on his stomach. "I sincerely hope you bashed yerself somewhere painful when you landed ya' wee prick!" "Yes Scotty, bashed everything, now is the air back on before I take this helmet off?" "Aye, all good to go Sir," he said and Jim quickly tore the helmet from his head, using his emergency override to gain access to the room in front of him. Joanna was sitting on the couch in the communal area, and Emily was on the floor in her play-pen. "Carol? Are you-"he froze at what he saw before him as he entered the bedroom. Carol clutching a tiny newborn to her chest, the baby wrapped in a towel. "I'm fine, and so is he," Carol said quickly and Jim breathed a sigh of relief. "Get them to me, Jim, please," Bones' voice rang out from Carol's communicator and he nodded. "Scotty, one more favour," he asked into the helmet's comm. "Can't get sickbay accessible so fast Jim, you'll have to hang tight where you are for now," he said and Jim nodded. "How long?" "I dunno. Hour or two, need to make some repairs down there, I'm on my way," he said and Jim cut off the comm. again. "How did you…?" he asked and Carol shook her head. "Adrenaline, I think." "Jim, is she alright? Actually alright? And the baby too?" Bones demanded and Jim crossed the room to stand at Carol's side and to look at the baby wrapped in the towel. The child had a full head of dark hair and looked a healthy pink colour, he needed to be cleaned up, but his eyes were open and he seemed perfectly calm and content just staring up at his mother. "He… Bones he's great, he's beautiful. Carol too. Everything is good," Jim said slowly and the doctor breathed a sigh of relief. "Give her a hug for me Jim, and stay with her, I'll be there as fast as I can," he said and Carol smiled as Jim wrapped one arm around her, following his best friends orders and giving her a short, reassuring hug. Joanna talked to Jim for a few minutes longer before slipping from the room and going into the neighbouring one to speak to her sister. Jim was met by Spock and Seren, who's eyes were puffy as if she'd been crying. I'm so glad you're here. What took so long? Jim wrapped his daughter in a hug and held her tightly as he buried her face into his shoulder. Seren became very distressed. I thought it wise to help her regain control over her emotions before we arrived. Seren began to tremble in Jim's arms and he stroked her hair gently, Spock taking a few steps towards them and wrapping his arms around them both. "Hey," Joanna said quietly and Emily glanced up at her before looking back down at Leo. "So they talked to you about what this is right?" Emily nodded slowly. "Coma." "No. Not a coma. It's similar, but it isn't quite the same. He's meditating really hard to try and make himself better," Joanna said, dragging another chair over to sit beside her sister. "Well nothing can wake him up, so it's as good as a coma," she said bluntly and Joanna took a few seconds to consider her next question. "I know you must be really scared right now, but Spock said that he'll be able to sense that if you touch him, you need to just send him all good stuff, okay?" she said softly and Emily nodded, her eyes squeezing closed and a few tears escaping from them. "Hey, don't cry," Joanna soothed, wrapping one arm around her half-sister. "I… I'm so confused right now, I wish we could talk about it all," she whimpered. "What are you confused about darlin'?" "Last night," she mumbled and Joanna stayed silent, waiting to see if Emily would offer her any more information. "We uh… well…" Joanna looked at her sister carefully. "You had sex with him?" "Maybe a little bit," she confessed and Joana gave her a reassuring squeeze. "Hey, that's okay, he's a nice boy and you're both old enough to be able to decide you want to do that." "I just feel so… weird. I've never, y'know," Emily shifted uncomfortably and Joanna felt a rush of sympathy for her. "Oh. I never realised that you hadn't. I'm so sorry. I guess you guys were going to have that awkward conversation this morning huh?" she said and Emily nodded and sniffled. "That's okay, I'm sure you can still have it when he wakes up. How are you feeling?" Jo asked and Emily shrugged. "I just want to go back and not do it," she whispered, a few tears escaping from her eyes and leaving two clear trails down her face. "Oh no, why?" Joanna asked quietly and Emily shook her head, wiping her face with her hands. "Because I caused this. If we hadn't have… he was in my head, and Spock said that he's in this state because of his mind being weak and I… it was my fault, he was trying to… to explain how he felt and I should have stopped him." "He mind-melded with you?" "Yeah. It was… nice," she said and Joanna nodded. "It's definitely always an interesting experience." They both fell silent until Joanna spoke again. "But it was ok? Between you two? How'd it happen?" she asked and Emily smiled weakly. "I found out about him being ill from David and Chris and ran over there. He opened the door and I slapped him right in the face for not telling me," Joanna smiled. Jim was right. The McCoy's were certainly fiery when annoyed. "But then he was telling me he's in love with me and we were kissing and we went upstairs and… I don't know. It felt right. It felt natural. It just kind of… started happening," she trailed off and Joanna nodded. "He didn't pressure you did he?" Joanna asked. She felt a duty of care to her younger sister, and as much as she knew Leo would be unlikely to do something like that, felt she wanted to check. "No. Not at all, he kept saying we should stop, he was so sweet and gentle and nice and I just… god I wanted to talk to him about it all, so bad," Emily sighed and Joanna looked carefully at the young man before them. His chest slowly rising and falling, face entirely relaxed but a sickly green pallor to his skin. "He'll come out of it when he's ready, and I'm sure he'll be waiting to have the same talk," Joanna said in what she hoped was an encouraging tone of voice. Emily whimpered and started to cry again, burying her face in her sister's shoulder. "Honey, don't cry, he wouldn't want you to be crying because of him. I can just imagine his stupid little goofy grin telling you not to cry," she said and Emily chuckled sadly. "I love that stupid smile." "Yeah? We all do. Now come on, we're gonna go and get some crappy fast food and talk about all of it, okay?" Emily nodded and allowed Joanna to pry her away from the bedside. Jim watched through the glass, relieved Emily had finally left. Looking at her watching Leo was breaking his heart. "Jim?" Spock's voice brought him back to his senses. "Oh. Yeah, sorry, huh?" he asked dumbly and Spock took a patient deep breath. "Seren and I believe it would be wise to try and locate Christopher as he has not been answering his communicator and-" The door opened abruptly and Christopher sauntered into the room, David close behind him. Saying that Chris looked awful would have been an understatement. He had dark circles under his eyes that made him look much older than his years, and his expression was strained. "Hey, how are you holding up?" Jim asked and Christopher gave him a filthy look. "Yeah. I'm pretty fucking great, I'm just fine and dandy! Just know that I can't trust any of you ever again," he said in a low voice. "Chris, come on," David warned and Chris tensed. "No. You know what? Fuck you all. I don't even want to be here, I don't want to see… him, or any of you. How could you not tell me?!" he exploded and Jim closed his eyes for a moment and opened his mouth to answer. Before he could begin he was interrupted. "Christopher, we agreed that we would withhold this information from you as it was in accordance with Leo's wishes. We also agreed that we felt it was not the correct thing for him to do, but we would wait for him to determine the point at which he wanted to tell you for himself. There was concern about how you would react to the information and I believe your brother only withheld it as he believed it was in your best interests," Spock explained calmly. Jim nodded. "Everything he said. We're sorry, and we love you, but right now we need to stick together for him, we can't fight each other when he needs us all to be there for him." David gave Chris a stern look and he relented, nodding obediently. "I'm gonna go sit with him for a bit," Chris said quietly, leaving the room and appearing moment's later at Leo's bedside, sitting in Emily's recently vacated chair. Jim had watched the exchange between David and Christopher with interest. The youngest McCoy seemed to have a control over Christopher that he had never before seen. Chris seemed to follow every order, listen to every word. "I better uh… I need to find my dad, talk to him about something," David said, excusing himself from the room and heading down the corridor with a final glance back at Jim, Spock and Seren all standing together. He walked quickly down the corridor, sneakers squeaking on the shiny floor until he reached the door of his father's office and knocked. "Come in!" "Oh hi, how's it-" "Fine, it's going fine," David cut him off abruptly, beginning to pace the room aggressively. Bones watched him for several lengths of the room before speaking up. "Wanna wear a hole in my floor or tell me what the matter is?" David stopped pacing and ran both hands through his hair. "How did you know you were in love with Mom?" he asked and Bones quirked an eyebrow. "Hmm. Tough question. I don't know, it's a difficult thing to describe. Why'dyou ask? You changing your tune on Kirk?" David blushed a little bit before he could stop himself, his stomach . "Maybe. I feel weird." "I heard you guys talking in your room earlier, he stayed over last night?" David blushed brighter pink. "He did, but nothing happened." "Uh huh. So you guys shared your tiny little bed, and you didn't touch eachother once?" "Well, we… cuddled… a bit, but only because he was upset," David said awkwardly and Bones snorted with laughter. "Cuddling? Oh jeez kid, why are you askin' me if you're in love? You're in there… cuddling… spooning probably and-" "Hey, we're both tall guys ok, and that bed is not meant for two people and he was upset and-" David interrupted, only to be interrupted again his father. "Just. For now keep it to yourself. You don't wanna hurt the poor kid by letting him think your feelings have changed. Just be there for him, because he's sure as hell having a seriously tough time right now. We'll get Leo up and running again and help them patch things up and see how things are progressing then?" David nodded. He trusted his father's advice to be good. "Is Leo gonna be okay?" he asked, doing his best to keep all of their conversation away from the part of his mind where he could feel his bond with Christopher faintly in the background. "His chances of a full recovery with zero lasting effects aren't amazing, but he should live," he said bluntly. "What kind of lasting effects?" David asked, sinking into the chair opposite his father. "All kinds of things really. Chemo could affect his ability to have kids if he needs another round of it, and the risks with the surgery are pretty substantial. Could lose memories, ability to walk or talk. Any kind of brain surgery is highly complicated and risky." "But it'll be you that does it, right?" "Uh huh, course it will. You really think I'd let any other doctor get near that kid?" "No. I mean I just… I don't know. You've been acting weird because of being worried about him, and I didn't know if that meant you wouldn't do it." Bones shook his head. "No. I wouldn't trust anyone else with it, and I know Jim and Spock wouldn't either. Just look after Chris though, okay? Jim's worried about him, I can see that. Kid seems kind of unstable." "He's a little unstable, but I don't think he'd ever do anything too crazy. I mean… do you?" The doctor was silent for a moment. "I don't know. I mean he's just had a huge shock, and a bad one at that, so keep an eye on him?" David nodded and stood up to leave, intending to go and do just that. A/N Yo! How's it hanging everyone? Acceptably I hope! My laptop is a being a little skanky bitch and is broken even though I did nothing to hurt it, and keeps deleting my chapters when I'm almost done with them, so please see above for version 4 (that's right, I had to write it FOUR times, admittedly, the first twice it deleted was only the very first bit, but STILL. Gah.) So I'm going to try and get that seen to this week, because it's just really not cool. Thanks everyone for all the reviews. I hope I addressed people's issues with OOC Bones at least a little bit in this chapter. I meant to have set it up a little more so people could see how stressed he was before he had his tantrum but basically he feels wholly responsible for Leo's life and it's stressing him out, rightfully so. Anywho. David isn't a complete asshole, I swear, he was a little better this time right? I'm really curious to see how you guys think the story is going to end. Anyone want to share their theories? Much love to you guys! I'll do my best to get the next chapter out ASAP!
A/N Bit of an angtsy one, but big changes are coming ;) Chapter Fifteen T'hy'la. Jim ignored his bondmate, continuing to tap his fingertips on the armrest of the chair he was sitting in. Ashayam, your anxiety is troubling, please try to- Spock no. I can't relax. I can't even imagine what he's going through right now. Spock reached across and captured Jim's restless hand in his own, giving it a comforting squeeze. "Anybody hungry? I could go for some food, can I get anyone anything?" Joanna asked, getting to her feet. Everyone looked up apart from Jim who continued to stare at the floor of the waiting room. There were mumbles of negative responses from David, Emily and Christopher. Jim said nothing, so Spock requested food on his behalf, and coffee, white with two sugars because that's how Jim had it as a treat to himself on occasion. "It's been forever," Emily whispered as she glanced at the clock again. "No it hasn't. It's been like six hours," David corrected and she aimed a kick at her brother. "Children," Spock said calmly and they both ceased, falling back into silence. Christopher looked between his two parents, the strain easily visible on both of their faces. Jim looked thin and pathetic in his too-large sweater and worn old jeans, his face pale and taut with worry. He hadn't been to work since Leo had slipped into his trance just over two weeks ago, spending a lot of time at his son's bedside instead. Spock showed his worry a lot less prominently, but looked unusually tense, his brown eyes simmering with confined emotion. They'll be ok, and so will Leo. Chris gave a weak half-smile as David sent the message through their bond. In two weeks they'd become a lot closer, learning to control the bond and get used to each-others presence in their minds, figuring out not only how to share thoughts and convey messages easily, but also to shield things they wished to keep private. Joanna returned and forced a cup of coffee and a toffee-apple muffin into Jim's hands. Jim ate about two bites before setting it down and going back to staring unresponsively at the floor. "Jim, your body mass has-" "Spock. Seriously. Not the time to be bitching at me to put weight on. I know. I know ok? You think I feel good like this? No, I don't. I'm stressed, and this is what happens when I get stressed so… get off my back," Jim growled. David, Emily and Chris all pretended not to hear and looked away quickly, but Joanna watched their interaction with interest. "I am simply concerned about you, that is all," Spock said quietly before shrinking back into his seat. Jim closed his eyes and let his head fall into his hands, elbows on his knees as he sat hunched over. I'm sorry. I'm just so worried, the last thing I can think about is eating anything right now. Spock didn't respond with a message of his own, he simply touched his bondmates knee lightly, leaving his hand there for a few seconds before removing it, hands clasping neatly in his lap. There was a tense thirty minutes of silence before Seren appeared in the doorway of the room and everyone looked up hopefully. "Chris, can we borrow you?" she asked and he looked startled for a moment before standing up, dragging David with him. "Oh that's ok David, he'll only be a minute," she said calmly and Chris shook his head, a clear message of 'where I go, he goes' radiating from him. "Come on then," she said and the two young men followed her from the room. "How's he doing?" Chris asked his sister urgently as they strode down the corridor. "It went really, really well. Between Dr McCoy and myself we managed to remove the entirety of the tumour and barely touched any other parts of his brain. We're more optimistic of a full recovery, the healing trance has given him time to fight really hard and he's done incredibly well." Chris and David exchanged a glance, the tiniest flicker of a smile across the Kirk's face. "So what do you need me for?" Chris asked. "A bit of blood if you'd be alright to spare some? Yours is a much better match than mine, and he doesn't need a lot, just a little to keep him ticking over," she said and Chris nodded instantly. "Yeah, sure, I can do that. When he wakes up tell him he owes me a thousand credits for it," he said and Seren gave a small chuckle, leading them into a room near to the operating theatre. David was amazed at how much of a baby Chris was over the blood donation, especially considering it was entirely painless. He squirmed and grimaced and theatrically looked away as the green liquid drained from his arm. "Holy shit how much did you take?!" he gasped as Seren finished and removed the IV line. "That's a standard donation size; you'll barely even miss it. You've got over ten pints of this in your body, one to your brother won't kill you," she said, then ordered him to stay sitting for a minute to make sure he wasn't going to faint as she took the blood away with her. "You're such a pussy, giving blood is nothing," David scoffed and Chris frowned. "I hate anything medical. All of it freaks me out. I remember when we were kids and you had your tonsils taken out and I wouldn't go with Jim to visit you in the hospital because I hated the smell of the place so much," Chris said and David nodded. "I remember that, it sucked a lot being trapped in that room for an entire day while I was waiting for my throat to heal. I can't imagine like two hundred years ago when it'd take a week to do that, regenerators are amazing," he said and Chris nodded. Their eyes met for a few moments, a strange warm feeling spreading inside David's mind, sourcing from the bond. He quickly looked down at his scuffed sneakers, scratching the back of his neck. "Alright drama queen, have you recovered from your ordeal? I'll walk you back, let everyone know Leo's out of theatre and up in recovery," Seren interrupted their awkward moment. She led them back through the maze of hallways to the waiting room. "He did great, and he's been moved up to recovery. Once he's been stable for an hour you can see him, but not all at once," she said and Jim finally looked up from the floor. Spock's hand was on his knee again in a caring manner that didn't go unnoticed to their daughter as she left the room again, turning quickly to rush off towards the recovery ward to monitor her younger brother's vitals and to check in with Dr McCoy who'd completed the surgery. In her rush to get to the elevator, Seren crashed full-force into a man walking the opposite way down the corridor, sending the pile of PADD's he was balancing awkwardly in his arms clattering to the floor. "I'm so sorry, here, let me help you get those," she said without really looking at him, quickly bending down to help pick up the items scattered all over the floor. "It is quite alright, I do not require your assistance," he said in a toneless voice. She looked up and did her best to hide her surprise. "You are a partial Vulcan," she said, intrigued. "Yes, as are you," he noted, spotting her ears where her long hair was pulled back into a plait. "I… I'm sorry, I didn't know there were any others here in San Francisco. Outside of my family I've never met any other hybrids," she said, looking at him carefully as she stood up and handed him back his things. She noticed how incredibly careful he was to not touch her hands as she did so. "I see," he said shortly and she gave a small smile which he did not return. He looked around her age, with dark black hair and eyes that were almost as black. Sensing that he clearly wasn't in the mood to chat, she excused herself. "Sorry again for bumping into you. I'd better go. Nice to meet you," she said and he looked at her strangely. "You have apologised for the same action three times in the space of thirty-seven seconds. It is entirely illogical to offer an apology more than once," he said flatly and she nodded. "I'll be sure to keep that in mind," she said as she turned to walk away. "However, I accept your apology, and agree with your assessment that you should take better care to look where you are going in future," he said and she smiled to herself. "I'll be sure to do that." Visitors were only allowed two at a time to see Leo. Jim immediately and selflessly offered his place to Emily who gratefully accepted it, going into his room led by her father and with Christopher behind her who looked very unsure of himself without David at his side. Leo was laying sprawled on his stomach, face turned to one side. The back of his head where it joined his neck was covered in a clean white dressing which was much smaller than she imagined it would have been. For some reason she had pictured his entire head being cut open, but it seemed there was only a small incision just above his neck. He wasn't breathing on his own and had a tube in his mouth they both knew was forcing air into his lungs while he was under such heavy sedation. Emily took a deep breath and willed herself not to cry. Chris appeared to be doing the same. "Alright guys, couple minutes okay? Then Jim and Spock and then he needs to rest," Bones said tiredly. "Thank you," Chris said gratefully and the doctor nodded, leaving the room. Emily slowly sank into the chair beside Leo's bed and gently picked up his hand. "Hey, you did great today," she said quietly, thumb rubbing small circles on the back of his hand. "And you stole half my blood," Chris added, taking his twin's other hand in his own. "It wasn't half." "It felt like half." "It was less than ten percent." "Half. I feel faint," he said dramatically and she rolled her eyes. "Wake up soon so you can kick his ass?" she sighed and Chris smiled weakly. "Hopefully he'll wake up soon, I miss him a lot," he said in a rare moment of true sincerity. "Me too," she said quietly, leaning over and placing a feather-light kiss on his cheek. Chris smiled a little bit at them and glanced up at his brother's vital signs on the monitor. "That looks better than it has the whole time he's been here," he said, noting the shift towards the 'green' zone and away from the red. "It's been creeping up slowly," Emily said, lightly brushing a stray eyelash off Leo's cheek. "Healing trances are meant to be really powerful, I did some research and apparently he could have even cured himself if he knew what he was doing with it," he said and Emily narrowed her eyes. "Wait. You know long words like 'research'?" she asked and he frowned. "I'm not just a pretty face," he shrugged. They were silent for a few minutes, both fixated on the young man before them and every shaky inhale he took. "I'll give you guys a minute," Emily said, standing and giving Leo's hand one final squeeze before setting it carefully back down on the bed. Chris gave a short, grateful nod as she left the room silently. He took a deep breath. "I feel stupid talking to you when I know you can't hear me," he said, running his hand over his twins too-warm forearm. "Feel like I'm going mad, talking to myself even." He fell silent and stared at his counterpart for several long minutes. They really did look different now, for the first time in their lives. Leo was a lot smaller than him, and paler too, his hair a little longer and messier than Chris' short crop, though now missing a chunk out of the back that would be sure to irritate him until it had grown back. "Guess they couldn't keep us totally identical forever," he sighed, unable to help himself and lowering his left hand to his twin's face, trying to meld with his mind. There was absolutely no response and he retracted his hand, deeply regretting having attempted it. "I'm sorry... I just… hoped maybe you were in there somewhere," he mumbled quietly, falling silent again until the door opened and Jim shuffled into the room, Spock close behind. Chris caught both of their eyes and wordlessly excused himself from the room, feeling like he could barely breathe by the time he reached the hallway outside. The next twenty-four hours would be crucial, he knew that it was the tipping point, but he didn't want to be anywhere near it. "You alright? You look a little… off," David asked and Chris nodded stubbornly. "I'm fine." "Chris I can feel that you aren't. Don't be worried, he's in really good hands here and he-" David was cut off as Chris slammed him into the wall, fists curled in his jacket and snarl on his face. "Leave me alone." Christopher dropped him and within seconds was gone from the hallway, racing through the endless white corridors in search of the daylight outside. He couldn't breathe. He couldn't get away from the suffocating silence inside his twins mind. It felt like he wasn't in there at all. "Chris!" He didn't look back at David who'd chased him out. He crossed the street hurriedly, and headed in the direction of his apartment, leaving David standing staring after him, confused and frustrated at his lack of understanding of Chris's outburst. To say that Jim was emotionally compromised by seeing Leo after his surgery would have been an understatement. Spock managed to coax him gently to the car, and then get him home. He hadn't said a word the whole time. "Jim?" He ignored him as they walked up the driveway to the front of the house, Jim letting himself in silently, leaving the door open behind him for Spock to follow. Spock did so and closed the door behind himself, following Jim into the living room and removing his own coat and slipping off his boots. Jim had left both items of his own on. "Remove your coat Jim, there is no requirement of it inside the house," Spock attempted and Jim said nothing, just stared blankly at him. His mouth opened and closed a few times as he tried to say something, but didn't, couldn't. "I will assist," he said stepping forwards and carefully unfastening Jim's grey woollen coat one button at a time before pushing it back off his shoulders and removing it, taking it and hanging it neatly in the hallway beside his own. Spock walked back over to Jim and stood directly in front of him, forcing him to look at him. Their eyes connected and Spock took both of Jim's hands in his own. "I love you," he said quietly and Jim nodded slightly. They were silent for a few long moments before Jim tore his eyes from Spock's, closing them for a moment before speaking. "I'm going to go and lie down for a while," he said stiffly. Spock released his hands and Jim left the room, clumsily kicking off his boots in the hallway before padding upstairs in just his socks. Jim shrugged off his sweater and pulled his belt out of its loops, dropping both items onto the floor before crashing onto the bed fully clothed and face down, falling instantly into a light slumber that he was only roused from when he felt a pair of warm hands gliding over his back. "Spock, what are you-" "Ashayam, relax, allow me," he said softly, thumbs tracing the elevated peaks of every protruding vertebrae of Jim's spine. Jim whimpered at the touch, and again as Spock's hands reached his tense shoulders and immediately began to work the knots out of them. He didn't know how Spock got his shirt stripped off him, or when he closed the blinds or lit the candles he normally kept for his meditation, but he was aware of Spock's hands on his back, kneading, caressing, helping him relax, his voice in his mind reminding him to breathe, slowly, in and out. In. Out. In. Out. Talk to me, T'hy'la. Do not feel you must restrain your emotions when we are alone. Jim screwed up his face. His body felt so relaxed now, with Spock's hands easing his tired and tense muscles, but his mind was stuck on that image of Leo laying in the hospital, looking so completely and utterly pathetic. "What if he dies, Spock?" Jim whispered into the pillow and Spock's hands stopped moving over his skin. "I mean, I know we haven't really talked about it… but now it seems more… real, more like it's a possible outcome. I mean, Bones said it went better than they expected, but what if? What if something goes wrong? Or his heart gives up? Or there's some other complication?" Spock was silent as he contemplated his response, placing a small kiss on the back of Jim's neck before speaking. "Then we will, as I believe you would say 'cross that bridge if we come to it.' Our son is one of the strongest people I have ever met; he is not likely to give up his fight having come so far." "Spock you don't understand what I'm saying," Jim sighed. "I'm talking about if he dies. Actually dies. How would we even begin to heal from that?" Another few seconds of silence passed and Jim turned, his eyes meeting Spock's dark orbs which were suddenly brimming with tears. "We will not," Spock mumbled. Jim pulled him into a hug, Spock's emotional control faltering. "I'm sorry Spock, I didn't mean to upset you I just… he can't even breathe for himself right now. It's like the day he was born all over again, except this time I can't sit beside that incubator and watch him breathe until I fall asleep, I have to be here, I'm not allowed to stay with him," Jim sighed. "You are aware of the risks of secondary infections due to his over-exerted immune system, it would be wise if he received the fewest possible visits from the fewest possible people in order to minimise the chances of this happening," Spock said in monotone. Jim nodded against his shoulder. "I know. And that's why I know I'm doing the best thing for him by staying here but I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel like a bad parent," he said and Spock took his hand. "That could not be further from the truth. You are an excellent parent, Jim, you always have been." "But right now? And he's there all alone? I should be there. You know, I can't stay here, I'm going to be with him," Jim said, launching himself out of the bed and scrambling for his shirt. He threaded his belt back through the loops of his jeans whilst Spock watched him silently. T'hy'la, I know you are doing this for what you believe are the right reasons, but it is for the best if you stay- "I'm not like you Spock. I can't just switch off my feelings when they become inconvenient. When he was a baby I swore that for his whole life, I'd do whatever he needed me to do for him, and right now that means sitting with him. I don't find it easy to leave the people I love when they need me most," Jim said spitefully, turning and leaving the room. Spock let his twinge of hurt at those words seep through the bond, wanting Jim to know the effect they'd had on him. Since he had returned home, he'd tried his best with Jim. The circumstances were incredibly difficult with all of the various drama, but Spock had tried to be affectionate to his mate, tried to explain he was sorry for leaving for so long. Though Jim claimed to have accepted his apologies, Spock felt sometimes that Jim didn't really know what he wanted and in the last two weeks had been steadily pushing him away. It was a distinct possibility that Jim was paranoid about Spock leaving again, and every time he felt himself getting too close to his husband, would push him away again to save himself from getting hurt if he were to leave again. David pressed the button again. He could hear the chime going off inside the apartment so it was definitely working, and he knew Chris wasn't at his parents house, or the hospital, so was likely to be inside. There was a muffled scrambling noise from inside the apartment and David stayed very still as he tried to listen to it. "Chris?" The scrambling seemed to increase, getting louder as it neared the door. David tensed as the door slid open, ready to attack if whoever was inside wasn't Chris. "Jesus! The hell happened to you?" David demanded. Chris was crawling along the floor, spaced out expression on his face and unable to walk. A rush of concern spread through the younger man, never having seen his friend in such a mess. "I don'member," he slurred and David quickly entered the apartment and closed the door. "Damn it Chris, look at the fucking state of you! What did you do?" he asked and Chris' eyes rolled back in his head. "I d'no." David immediately pulled his communicator from his pocket, trying to reach Jim but failing. "Come on, lets get you on the couch or something," David said, hooking his arms one under each of Chris's armpits and trying to heave him to his feet. "You need to try and stand up, ok? I'm not strong enough to pick you up, so you need to push down with your legs and stand up," he said clearly. Chris made a feeble attempt at standing and failed miserably, leaving David to drag him over to the couch. "What do you weigh now huh? Like three hundred pounds or something?" David grunted as he was able to just about lift his friend so he was sitting on the couch. Chris didn't answer, his head lolling back uselessly. David felt a deep rush of concern for his bondmate. "Did you drink something?" he asked gently and Chris nodded, eyes squeezed tightly closed. "Ok, that's good. What was it?" Chris didn't answer, staying very still. "Chris? Do you remember what it was you were drinking?" "I don' know," he managed out, forcing his eyes open and staring up at David blearily. "Hey, that's fine, I'll figure it out," David said, giving Chris' shoulder a reassuring squeeze. David was no doctor, but he knew right away something was very wrong with his friend, more than could be caused by just drink alone. "Did you… take anything? Like anything you maybe shouldn't have?" he asked and Chris giggled feebly. "Everything," he said surprisingly clearly. "What do you mean everything?" he asked and Chris shook his head again. "Hey, I'm going to help you and we're going to go in the bathroom, ok? And I need you to throw up for me," David explained as he began to half drag half help Chris stumble to the bathroom. David racked his brain, trying to figure out what to do. He couldn't call his father, he was sleeping, off duty for a few hours after Leo's surgery. Seren was caring for Leo, so she wasn't really an option either, unless she'd be willing to leave him in the care of another doctor. "Here you go buddy," David said, fighting to keep his voice steady as he got Chris to kneel in front of the toilet. He didn't take much encouragement to empty his stomach. David knelt beside him and rubbed his back until all the gagging subsided. Chris leant his face against the cold porcelain. "Hey hey, don't do that, I know you never clean this thing," David discouraged, helping Chris sit back against the wall. "I do clean," he protested weakly, closing his eyes and resting his head on his knees, panting for breath. David fetched a washcloth and held it under the warm water for a few moments until it was soaked before wringing it out and taking it over to Chris, handing it to him before realising he was far too useless to be able to wash his own face. Trying not to think about much it reminded him of his Pon Farr, David helped Chris to wash his face, brush his teeth and drink half a glass of water. For a few brief moments David contemplated calling emergency help for Chris, but quickly dismissed that solution when he realised that if Chris had taken anything illegal, he'd get thrown in jail. "I'm going to take you to bed now, okay?" David explained clearly and Chris giggled feebly again. "Takin' a-vantage," Chris slurred and David shook his head. "No, not taking advantage of you, just real worried about you, and you need to be layin' down. Can you walk?" he asked and Chris tried to heave himself to his feet, losing balance and almost falling face first onto the bathroom tiles. "Hey, no, let me help you." A few minutes of struggling later David managed to get Chris to his bedroom, but making him actually get into bed was proving more of a challenge. He sat stubbornly on the floor, refusing to move. "I'll leave you here to sleep on the floor," David warned and Chris shrugged. "Good." "No, Chris, not good. You don't want to sleep on the floor when your bed is right there. See, look how comfortable this is," David said, sitting on the edge of the bed and patting the spot beside him. Chris stared at him blankly and David sighed. "What's the matter huh? What's wrong?" David asked quietly and Chris turned away as his eyes filled with tears. David got up off the bed and walked over to sit beside Chris on the floor. "Hmm? Hey, talk to me, it's okay," he encouraged gently and Chris sniffled. "Leo's gonna die." "Now don't talk silly. Leo isn't going to die, I promise you," David said firmly as Chris stayed stubbornly looking at the floor. Before he really thought about what he was doing, David had one hand on the side of Christopher's face, and was turning it gently so he would look at him. "I promise you Christopher. Leo is going to be okay," he said softly and Chris blinked back tears, nodding slightly. "That's not everything is it?" David asked quietly, blue eyes piercing into Chris' dark brown ones through the half-light. "Jim doesn't love me, and Spock doesn't love me, and your dad hates me, everyone hates me," he mumbled, eyes going out of focus before he struggled to regain control and look at David. He shook his head slightly. "Nobody hates you silly." "Everybody hates me." "No they don't. And of course Jim and Spock love you, they're your parents! They're going to love you forever, no matter what happens. My dad doesn't hate you, and nobody else hates you. Why do you think that?" David asked gently and Chris tumbled forwards into his arms, holding onto him for support and mumbling into his shoulder. "Always been too busy with Leo to notice I even exist." "Now you know that aint the truth. They always tried their best to treat you two the same, and ok sure, Leo has needed some extra help from time to time… but he can't see, of course he's going to need help sometimes. Just take a deep breath Chris, none of this is true, dunno where you're gettin' it from," David said in what he hoped was a soothing tone of voice. "Why are you being so nice to me?" Chris asked, pulling back enough to look David in the eye. "Because I'm your friend. Hey lets go lie down? Yeah? Get all wrapped up in the bed to keep warm?" David tried to persuade as he noticed Chris was shivering. He nodded weakly and finally allowed David to get him tucked into his bed, still fully clothed. "You're gonna leave now," Chris mumbled sadly and David shook his head. "No. No I'll stay, if you want me to stay," he trailed off and Chris nodded, closing his eyes again. David carefully climbed into the bed beside him, but didn't get under the blankets with him, nor touch him, he just lay beside him, close enough to be comforting but far enough away to not be encroaching on his personal space. They were silent for a few minutes, Chris taking slow, shuddering breaths that made David even more worried about him and what he'd done. "You want to tell me what you took before I got here?" he asked quietly and Chris fumbled in the drawer of his bedside cabinet, pushing a bottle of pills and a crumpled candy wrapper into his hand. "Chocolate and anxiety medication. Interesting combo there." "Chocolate always makes me sick," Chris muttered. "Thought it made you drunk?" "Drunk then sick," he corrected and David nodded. The pills were prescription, so at least obtained through legal means, and there were plenty left so he hadn't swallowed all of them. "How are you feeling? Do I need to call somebody?" he asked and Chris shook his head. "No I think just you seeing me like this is enough," he said with a weak attempt at a laugh. David didn't laugh. "I'm worried about you," he admitted before he could stop himself. "Why? You don't care about me. Not like I care about you." Chris shifted a little and turned so he could look at his friend beside him. Their eyes met in the half-light and David moved a little closer. "Of course I care about you. Seeing you like this? God, I thought you were trying to kill yourself or something, you scared the shit out of me," David whispered, unable to keep the genuine worry in his voice hidden. "Like you'd care if I did," Chris said bitterly and David put his hand on the side of his face. "Of course I'd care. And Jim and Spock would care, Emily and Joanna and Seren would care. A lot of people love you and care about you, and you need to tell people when you feel like this, not just run away and lock yourself in here and poison yourself. I… hate seeing you like this. It'd really upset me if you did something stupid to hurt yourself," he said and Chris blinked, all of a sudden looking very sober indeed. David did everything he could to fight back the urge to let every new feeling he'd been having for his friend come tumbling out of his mouth in that moment, fighting harder still to keep the information hidden from his bond with Chris, preventing him from seeing it. "And why would it upset you?" Chris probed further, not even the slightest hint of a slur in his voice. "Because… god damn it," David muttered, eyes flicking from Chris' eyes down to his lips and back up again. "Because…" He paused and took a deep breath, his heart pounding in his chest as he moved a few inches closer, barely a centimetre between them now. His hand on the side of Chris' face moved down to his jaw, thumb tracing the corner of his lips. Chris closed his eyes and David closed the gap, pressing his lips to the part-Vulcan's in a tender kiss. He could taste minty toothpaste and salty tears and pulled away quickly. "I'm sorry I-" "David… don't stop." "I have to. I can't… I can't do this," he whispered, shaking his head and removing his hand from the other's face. "Why? I don't understand." David stood up quickly, doing his best not to look at the pathetic form in the bed, confused and upset and no doubt now feeling worse because of him. "I don't understand either. I wish I did," he sighed, meeting Christopher's eyes once more before leaving the apartment without looking back. It was warm. The breeze ruffled his hair as he stood alone in the sun, cooling water of the encroaching tide lapping at his bare toes. He took a few steps further out into the water, feeling the sand between his toes, the coolness of the waves around his ankles now. The horizon stretched out before him, infinite and golden. He wasn't certain if the sun was setting or rising. "Hey, wait up!" Turning, he smiled. "Hey dad, what took you so long?" Jim ran a hand through his hair and laughed. "I was trying to persuade Spock to come join us, but you know what he's like with water." Leo laughed. "Yeah. He's like a cat." "Yep. You'd never catch him doing this," he said, crashing into the water, kicking it out before him and sending silvery glistening droplets flying. He was wearing a short sleeved white shirt with the top two buttons unfastened, hanging loosely and rippling in the warm breeze. His beige pants were rolled up enough that he could stand beside his youngest son in the water without getting them wet. He looked the furthest thing from a Starfleet captain, so relaxed now out of his uniform. "I've spent a long time waiting for the day we could do this, just look out at the ocean together," Jim said softly and Leo nodded. "It's nice," he said quietly. Jim and Leo stood in silence for a long while, looking out at the azure ocean and golden sky, the colours melding together in the line of the horizon. "Hey Jim, where are we?" Leo asked, suddenly realising he had no idea. Jim didn't answer but continued staring out into the distance. "Hey promise me something?" Jim asked and Leo nodded. "Yeah sure, anything." "Never give up," he said and Leo hesitated for a moment before nodding. "Yeah, of course not. Never," he said and Jim nodded and smiled. They both fell silent and remained there for long enough that they both lost track of time, standing in the sun as it rose and bathed them in it's warming glow. A/N Thank you guys for being so patient in waiting for this one, I know I've been a little slow this week, and I know this isn't the longest chapter in the world, but I promise I'll make it up to you with what's coming up! I've been ill this week so haven't been feeling the best so I apologise if this chapter is full of mistakes (I'll be sure to fix them when I properly proof-read in the morning, just really wanted to get it posted for now). That little part at the end is significant, so don't forget about it or write it off as random. Big, BIG things happening in the next two chapters so stay tuned. Thank you as always for your reviews and continued support, it really means a lot :) As ever, I'd love to hear what you think!
Chapter Sixteen "Here you go Jim, I think tha's the last of it," Scotty grunted as he heaved one final box into the house. Jim nodded gratefully. "Thanks Scotty, I really appreciate it." "Don' mention it pal," he said, looking up as Bones appeared in the doorway. "This sneaky little bastard was hiding in the corner of the van," he said, holding up one more small box. "Good find," Jim smiled weakly. "It'll be alright Jim, he's gonna get home safe to you," Scotty said and Jim nodded. "I know… I just hate doing things like this without him here." "Hey! You don't need that hobgoblin when you got us right here, the ultimate moving house dream team," said Bones as he set down the box he was holding. Jim was distracted by a small hand tugging on the bottom of his shirt. "I'm all done with my boxes," Christopher told him and Jim smiled, ruffling his hair. "Can you help Leo now?" "I always have to help Leo," he whined and Jim crouched down to be the same height as his eight year old son. "I know, but we talked about this remember?" "Yeah yeah," he said, full of attitude and Scotty snorted with laughter. "Christopher, what did we say about talking nicely?" Jim warned, standing back up to his full height. "Sorry dad," he said solemnly and Jim nodded. "That's ok. Can you go help your brother?" he asked and the boy nodded, bounding up the stairs and out of sight. "Lot of attitude there Jim," Bones commented and Jim sighed and scratched his head. "I know, and his tantrums are…out of control. He should have grown out of it by now, right?" "Oh yeah, tantrums are normally and much younger thing. He's doing it for attention," he said and Jim nodded. "I know. He's jealous of all the help Leo gets." "Well, until we can find a solution it's always gonna be that way, so he needs to get used to it," the Doctor said gruffly, picking up a large box and beginning to haul it up the stairs. "BUT I DON'T WANNA!" "Chris, hey, listen to me, calm down," Jim soothed. The young boy threw himself on the floor and began screaming at the top of his voice and kicking his feet. Jim watched him with absolutely no clue how to deal with it. "Chris! Come on, quit acting like a baby, it's only one night," he pleaded, crouching down beside the boy and trying to get him to stop. "I SAID NO!" "And I'm the parent here and I said this is happening!" Jim said sternly and Chris paused, looking at him before beginning to cry louder. "Hey, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-" "Jim, just smack him or somethin' please, this is getting embarrassing," Bones sighed, crossing his arms over his chest. "I don't agree with hitting kids Bones, no matter how much of a pain in the ass they are," Jim growled as he grabbed Chris by the upper arm and wrenched him into a standing position. "Well neither do I under normal circumstances but maybe you should start reconsidering. He's nine years old now Jim, and almost as strong as you. Tantrums are for toddlers and he damn well needs to start learning to behave himself." Jim sighed and looked down at the boy who was now fighting against his grip to try and get away from him. "Chris, if you behave and stay here tonight without any more trouble I'll make you cookies tomorrow?" he attempted and Chris shook his head. "Cookies every day for a week?" Chris considered for a moment and then shook his head again. "Jesus Jim, how you've survived ten years of being a parent already I don't know. Christopher, get your ass up to David's room right now and play nice and quiet, I don't wanna hear another peep outta you 'til dinner time, you got that?" Bones ordered and Chris was silent for a moment before nodding and obeying, shoving his hands in his pockets and walking silently up the stairs. "Bones… how did you?" Jim asked exasperatedly. "Just gotta let him know you're the boss." "He knows I'm the boss, he just likes to push it," Jim sighed as his comm. began to sound again. "I gotta-" "Yeah. Sure. I've got it taken care of. See you tomorrow," Bones said as Jim left his three children in the doctor's care overnight so he could attend a conference. Another week slipped by, almost as if nobody had been looking and it had crept up on them all. "December first," Carol noted as she turned over the page on the kitchen calendar. Her husband grunted, shoved his half eaten piece of toast in his mouth and shuffled towards the door. She sighed and sat down at the table, sipping at her coffee and going over schematics for a prototype new torpedo launcher to be fitted to a new ship currently under construction. Leonard was preoccupied with work, and she knew he'd snap out of it eventually, she just wished she could be of some comfort to him when he got like this. Leo was recovering well, better than anyone thought possible, but she knew he'd have doubts in his mind until the kid was awake and talking. After three weeks unconscious everyone was getting increasingly fraught with worry. "Mornin' Carol," Jim said sleepily as he wandered into the kitchen, hair still damp from the shower. "Hi Jim," she smiled as he poured himself coffee and sat opposite her. "Whatcha got there?" he asked, glancing at the PADD she was looking at. She tilted it so he could see and he pulled a face. "Big guns. See I remember the days when Starfleet was about exploration, and now it seems bigger and bigger guns are ending up on all the new ships. And those little fighter ships? Crazy," he said, picking up the newspaper and opening it as if he'd always lived there. He'd been staying there in Joanna's empty room for five days, having had a blazing row with Spock, the details of which remained murky. "So did you hear from Chris yet?" she asked tentatively and Jim nodded. "Yeah. He's okay, he's at my Mom's place. Needs his space right now, which I guess I can understand. I just wish he'd talk to me," Jim sighed, playing with the corner of the paper he was holding. "He'll come around. David's been out of sorts this week without him here." "They're T'hy'la… it's unnatural for them to be apart," Jim said, the true meaning of the fact Jim wasn't talking about their sons wasn't lost on her. "Jim… I think you should go home," she said gently and he nodded. "I know I should… I just… I don't know what I want anymore," he said quietly and she stayed silent, ready to listen if he was ready to talk. "Half of me thinks I'll never fully get over this… stupid irrational fear of him leaving again, but the other half of me believes him when he says he's home for good now. I'm struggling to be around him… we can't talk about Leo because we both fall to pieces over it, and I get frustrated when he boxes all his emotions up and I just can't do that with mine. I can't just put the worry aside, you know? I mean… he's always going to be my little boy, stupid as it sounds, and I feel this overwhelming… protective… I don't even know how to describe it. Seeing him sick like this has been horrendous," Jim finished quietly and took a sip from his coffee. His hands were shaking but Carol didn't mention it. "Right now Jim I think what you all need is to come together as a family and support each other. You're taking it hard, Chris is taking it hard, but running away to Iowa isn't doing him any favours, especially since he's all alone in that house with his thoughts," she said and Jim shook his head. "No. He's not by himself, Jonathan is there. I managed to get him a sly message to keep a close eye on him and he is, told me he seems quiet but hasn't been acting too weird." "I guess that's a good thing. Archer was a good influence on you, maybe he can talk some sense into Chris," she said and Jim nodded. "I hope so. Chris and I have never… I don't know. Never had the kind of relationship I have with Leo, I guess," he said and Carol held back the question she wanted to ask. And why is that? "And it's my fault. I always tried to make time for him but I've been thinking a lot about it this week and… maybe I wasn't there for him enough and now me trying to get through to him is too little too late. Maybe he doesn't want a relationship with me now that he's an adult," he sighed and Carol frowned, placing her hand gently on Jim's forearm, causing him to look up at her. She was always taken aback by how blue his eyes were so close up. "Go home Jim. Go and talk to Spock, get Chris home, get Seren home, because Len has told me she's only left the hospital once since the surgery. All of you, as a family, support each other," she instructed and Jim gave a weak smile. "I'll try," he said, getting up from the table and leaving after a few more words of advice from Carol. Jim walked home quickly, it was cold and felt like it could possibly snow and he wanted to be in the house where Spock would no doubt have the heat turned up just a little bit too high as he usually did. Arriving in record time, Jim let himself in and kicked off his shoes. "Spock? You here?" he called and was met with silence. He took off his coat and scarf and hung them on the hook near to the door, walking into the living room and considering if he was thirsty or not. He was startled by Spock walking out of the kitchen silently. "Oh, hi, didn't realise you were here," Jim said quietly and Spock blinked. "I live here. Where else would I be?" he bit back, barely hidden hostility in his tone. "I… I don't know," Jim mumbled, looking at his own feet momentarily before looking back up at Spock. "Spock, I'm sorry. This week… I shouldn't have… I'm sorry. I shouldn't have gone to stay at Bones' place, I should have stayed here and we should have talked things over," he said and Spock inclined his head in agreement. "I concur," he said in monotone. "You know what I'm like with running away from problems," he said and Spock's lip quirked in the tiniest hint of a smirk. "You usually run into them." "Well, only when I'm out in space," Jim said with a small smile. The number of sticky situations he'd run them into and backed them out of over the five-year mission was startling, concerning at the time though now humorous to look back on. They were silent for a few moments before Spock spoke first. "I believe it is vital you understand I have made no plans to go off planet on any further missions at this time. Though I have explained this to you many times since my return, it appears you require further reassurance," he said and Jim nodded. "I know. I know you aren't planning on leaving, hell I trawled through the mainframe and checked what Enterprise is being assigned next and I know full well that she's being re-fitted for another month but… what then? Will you go back out? Because they're talking about a year long mission Spock, and I don't know if I can keep doing this," Jim said and Spock looked at him carefully. "Should Leo be making positive steps towards recovery I see no reason why we would be unable to both-" "They still need us," Jim interjected quickly before Spock could finish what he was going to say, to suggest they both leave their children. "They are all adults now, as you have said yourself many times." "Adults or not, they still need us for the time being. Leo will need to be closely monitored in his recovery, and we've got no idea how his vision is going to progress if at all, and Chris has been so… unstable since his Pon Farr that I don't think it would be a responsible thing to do as a parent to leave him here with nobody." "Yet he has sought advice and comfort from another during his time of emotional hardship as he clearly feels our company is not acceptable," Spock pointed out and Jim chewed his lip. "I know. I know he's gone to Archer, someone who knows what's going on but is far enough removed from the situation that he can give more impartial advice. I just hope Chris finds the answers he's looking for," Jim said and Spock took a step closer to him, hands clasped neatly behind his back as they often were. "I'm… sorry. I shouldn't have run off to hide out. We should have talked about things days ago," Jim sighed. "Do not apologise further. I understand it is difficult for you to trust me. I did not expect to earn your trust so quickly, nor do I deserve it. The way I behaved by leaving so often and for so long was entirely unacceptable and I am still somewhat amazed that you have not terminated our rela-" Jim cut off his husband by pressing his lips to his, silencing him instantly, arms wrapping around Spock's waist and pulling him in close. "I'm not going to leave you. Sometimes I just need a few days to myself to get my head clear. I love you Spock, as much as you drive me crazy sometimes," Jim sighed, holding the other man tightly in his arms. "I find you a highly illogical and confusing individual, however your feelings are reciprocated," Spock said and Jim allowed himself a small chuckle as Spock's arms wrapped around him in return. "Missed you," Jim breathed against his neck, placing a cluster of small kisses there and causing Spock to tense slightly in his arms. "Something wrong?" Jim asked, looking up. Spock's eyes were strangely… dark. "No," he answered quickly. Jim didn't press the matter and accepted his answer for the time being, busying himself with holding Spock close again and trailing his hands up and down his back soothingly, wanting to make up for the week they'd spent apart. "Given up your bedside vigil huh?" David asked as he found his sister sitting on the couch. She'd barely been home for a week, all of her time either spent rehearsing for her play or at Leo's bedside whenever she was allowed to be there. As he came out of the riskiest stage of his post-surgery recovery he was allowed more visitors and she'd been taking advantage of that. "Got strep throat," she croaked, looking up at him. Her eyes were bloodshot and puffy and her face was pale. "Jeez. That sucks. Sorry to hear it," he said and she raised an eyebrow. "You sick too? Think that's the nicest you've spoken to me in ten years," she said, voice cracking and causing her to wince and sip from the mug she was holding. "No. I'm not sick I'm just… I don't know. I'm sorry. I know how much you care about him. You're not allowed to see him now?" "Minimum of seven days away from him, even though the infection will clear up by probably the end of today, I could still pass something onto him while he's so sensitive," she said quietly and he nodded sympathetically, sitting down on the couch beside her. He was quiet for a moment, looking at her carefully. She looked thinner, drawn and tired. "Are you sleeping ok?" he asked and she snorted with laughter, instantly regretting it when she began to splutter and cough. "No. Not at all. Every time I fall asleep I have the same nightmare," she said quietly and he nodded, not asking her to elaborate and not expecting her to, but surprised when she did. "He dies… and I don't make it there in time to say goodbye," she said softly, her voice breaking in the final syllable as her throat gave another painful twinge. "That's horrible, no wonder you can't sleep if you're having dreams like that," he said and she nodded. "You look really exhausted. Are your rehearsals still crazy too?" he asked and she nodded again. "Yeah like ten hours a day, every day. I'm gonna quit," she said and he frowned. "You're no quitter." "No, but right now I don't have time. It's okay though, I can come back to it, maybe next year when Leo is hopefully better and I won't be so distracted," she said, pushing her hair back off her face and glancing at her communicator out of habit. "Yeah. That might be a good idea," he said, glancing at his own communicator. "So. Heard from Christopher?" she asked and he scowled, stuffing the device back in his pocket. "No," he said bluntly. "You guys had a lovers tiff?" "Something like that," David said vaguely. He'd kept the state he had found Christopher in at his apartment to himself, not wanting to worry Jim, Spock or anyone else with the information. He'd also kept the fact that he'd kissed him a secret, not ready to face the implications of his actions and the fact the kiss has been very deliberate on his part. "And he's run off to Iowa?" "Yeah. I don't even know why, I mean, he hates Iowa," he said and she played with her fingernails. "Probably just needs space, probably just doing some thinking." "Yeah well he's not the only one who's been doing some thinking," David muttered and Emily looked up at him. "What?" "I'm done with being a lazy layabout piece of shit. Taking this semester off has driven me crazy. Sitting in the house all the time? I'm done with it. I'm going back to Starfleet and I'm going to pass that stupid exam and get into my third year," he said determinedly and she smiled. "Good for you." "Yeah just… saying it is the easy part, now I have to actually do it," he chuckled nervously. Captain Hikaru Sulu reclined slightly in his chair, stretching his back. He was aching from sitting down for so long, something Jim had often complained about during his days as Captain, and a reason he'd taken to standing around on the bridge so much during the five year mission, rather than staying in the chair at all times. "Keptin, ve are detecting an anomaly, it looks like a ship but ze proportions are… improbable," Chekov alerted him. "Life signs?" "Yes sir, however zey are… distorted. Not clear on numbers at zis distance, or species." Sulu stood and walked the few paces to his navigator and first officer, looking at his display. "If that's a ship, it's enormous," he said as his eyes skimmed over the screen. Sulu had been a Captain for almost seven years now, Chekov his first officer the whole time. They'd stuck together after the original Enterprise crew disbanded. He'd been given his own ship, a sister of the Enterprise, the Intrepid. Much as he'd never admit it aloud, being a Captain was of little interest to him. He'd taken the promotion to further his career, it had seemed like the right move at the time, but he always longed to be back in the helmsman's chair. "Drop us out of warp once we're within range, I'd like to get a look at this," he said and Chekov nodded. "Aye, Sir." For a few minutes he paced in front of the chair, waiting for Chekov's warning that they'd be dropping out of warp imminently before sitting back down. His eyes widened as the view-screen filled with an image of something unlike anything he had ever seen before. Feeling like it was now his turn to grovel, Jim made dinner, a Vulcan dish of Spock's preference that he didn't particularly care for himself, though he ate it anyway. They went together to visit Leo, who now looked less like he was in a coma and more like he was maybe taking a nap. Jim had noticed his facial expression change and fingers twitch a few times during the hour they sat with him and wondered what his son was dreaming about. He was certainly close to coming out of his trance, his brain activity was increasing on an hourly basis and Jim had a gut feeling it would be within a few days. As promised he contacted Emily to tell her he was doing well, although her father told her the same thing every night when he returned home anyway, she didn't quite believe him so always tried to get the information from as many different sources as possible, almost as though she was looking for discrepancies in their information to catch them out lying to her. Jim's comm. began to chirp as he walked up the driveway with Spock and he hung back to answer it. "Kirk here." "Jim, how are you?" Archer greeted and Jim breathed a sigh of relief. He'd been half expecting it to be Admiral Bennett demanding him stop using his leave time and return to work immediately. "I'm… hanging in there. How are you? And how's Christopher?" he asked. "I'm good. Chris is… beginning to see sense. I helped him fill out his application to join Starfleet, but I have a feeling he knows somebody who might be able to help him get in quicker," he said and Jim scratched the back of his head. "You… what? How did you manage that?" "Kid just needed a little encouragement. He's on his way home. Now you keep him away from that David McCoy, the kid is bad news," Archer said and Spock quirked an eyebrow, having overheard the advice. "I can't keep them apart, they've bonded," Jim pointed out and Archer muttered something under his breath. "Well then you tell that kid to stop messing with Christopher's feelings! He's a lot more sensitive than he'd let on. I think he should see a shrink too; his behaviour is all over the place, almost like he's heading for some kind of burnout." Jim had been thinking the same thing for several weeks. "I know, I've been thinking the same thing myself, but here's no way he'll go for it." "If he wants to be a member of Starfleet as much as he's told me he does, he'll have to pass the psych evals, so that'll be down to him to get his head straight in time for it," Archer responded. "Thank you… for doing in one week what I couldn't do in twenty years and make him see his potential," Jim said sincerely. "Don't be an ass Jim. He's not doing this because I told him to, or because I influenced him, he's doing this because he looks up to you… you're his hero, and what this all boils down to is a little boy trying to be like his father." Jim swallowed hard. He wasn't entirely certain if Archer was referring to him following in his own father's footsteps, Jim following in his fathers or Chris following Jim and Spock. It could have meant any or all. "Thank you Jon, I really appreciate it," Jim said. Spock watched from the doorstep as Jim finished his conversation with the retired Admiral and then put his communicator back in his pocket, walking up the steps to the house and standing beside him. "Well, Chris is going to the academy," Jim said and Spock inclined his head in understanding. "As I was always certain he would eventually." "I'm sure once Leo is up and walking around he'll be quick to follow." "He has always shown a keen interest in one day pursuing a career in-" Spock stopped speaking halfway through his sentence, flinching slightly, Jim doing the same as he felt what Spock felt. An inexplicably strong surge of heat, of fire inside his mind. "Spock are you-" "I believe the process has begun," Spock said quickly. Jim looked at him carefully. His jaw was clenched tight, shoulders unnaturally stiff even for him, eyes dark and hungry. He'd noticed it briefly earlier but hadn't quite been able to put his finger on what looked different about him, but now it was all too clear. He pulled out his comm. and flipped it open. "Bones, I'm gonna drop off the grid for a few days, Spock is going into Pon Farr," Jim explained quickly before the other man had time to say anything. "Okay Jim. The kids can stay at my place. I got it under control, just be careful," he said calmly. Jim was grateful for it, the last thing he needed was anyone else behaving strangely. Bones seemed to be relaxing each day that Leo grew stronger and was becoming more and more like his usual self. Jim eyed Spock carefully, the tension in his body clearly building. He realised he'd never actually seen his bondmate as the fever began, both times he had helped him through it they'd been apart as the symptoms began and had managed to get to each other in time. "Thanks Bones. Send me anything vital and I can try to look at it when I get a chance," Jim said as Spock closed his eyes tightly, visibly fighting for control. The speed at which he was descending into the fever was staggering. "I will Jim, and if Leo wakes up I'll be sure to let you know any way I can. Be safe, both of you," he said and Jim managed to get a quick thanks to his friend before cutting off the comm. and taking both of Spock's hands in his own. He was already too warm, overheating. "Let go of me," Spock said in a low voice. "I'm sorry?" Jim asked, thinking he hadn't heard him correctly. "It would be wise if you were to not touch my hands at this moment," Spock said, firmly pulling his hands away. Jim obeyed and looked at him cautiously for a few moments. "It comes on really fast, much faster than I expected," Jim said and Spock nodded slightly, eyes closing momentarily before opening and fixing on his own. Jim couldn't have stopped him if he'd wanted to as he was pushed up against the wall by Spock, lips attacking his own with fierce intensity. He didn't struggle as Spock shoved him towards the stairs, heading up to their room. "Try and be gentle, okay?" Jim asked quietly and Spock gave a tiny nod, eyes black with large, dilated pupils. He was still in control, but Jim had no idea how long it would last. In his Pon Farr seven years prior Spock had been entirely feral by the time Jim had got to him, and had no regard for his wellbeing and if he might injure him. He'd barely spoken a word, and what he had said had all been in Vulcan. "I… will attempt to retain some level of control. I believe if sated before it can properly establish, the fever will not cause the same reaction that I have previously experienced," he said, voice strained and far removed from his usual calm tone. Seren yawned before she could stop herself. Exhaustion was something she was used to dealing with, but this was an entirely new level. She crossed the room to check on her brother one final time before she would go home and rest. She'd barely left the hospital since the surgery a week ago, only going home and sleeping once. She'd shower and eat at the hospital, taking one hours break when she needed it, but the rest of the time she'd be keeping herself occupied. "You're doing good today," she told him as her startling blue eyes traced over his monitors once again. The readings were improving hour by hour, his strength increasing at an above-average rate. She ran her tricoder carefully around his head, smiling at the readings. "A lot of activity, particularly in the visual cortex. That nice new tissue of yours seems to have finished developing whilst you've been sleeping. It's going to take some getting used to, but I think when you wake up you'll be able to see," she said. The readings were normal. Everything was entirely normal. Not only did he appear perfectly healthy and as though he hadn't just fought for his life, but as though he had never been blind. "Emily sends her love, and her apologies for not being here, she's got a little throat infection so she has to stay away just in case you catch it," Seren said as she set down the tricoder and sat in the chair beside his bed. "And Spock has gone into Pon Farr, Dr McCoy told me that Jim managed to get him a message. For a few days I guess it's just me and you," she explained, picking up his hand. He was laying on his back again now and looked far more comfortable than when he had been on his front. His skull was healed perfectly, and his hair even beginning to grow back where a section had been clipped. "I miss you," she said quietly before she could help herself. It was the truth. She had missed her younger brother whilst he'd been in his trance. She always missed him when she had been away in Chicago, but they had kept in constant contact speaking almost every single day. This had been startlingly different, where he was physically there but unresponsive. Seren? She grinned as she heard his voice echo in her mind. It's me. She squeezed his hand gently as she responded. She looked up at his face expectantly, hoping to watch his dark eyes flutter open, and even more hopeful that they would focus on her and actually see her sitting beside him. Can't wake up yet, I'm not done. Gotta make sure it won't come back. She gave a weak smile and squeezed his hand again. You stay in there as long as you like. The surgery took care of it, but if you feel like you have things to work on, you keep going with that. His eyelids flickered and she felt her heart skip a beat, nervous lump rising in her throat. The monitors indicated his heart rate increasing slightly. I'm just sleeping now. Just tired. Came out of the trance a couple of hours ago but I don't quite want to wake up all the way just yet. I had a dream about being on the beach with Jim. I could see him too. It was… the most bizarre experience. She chuckled aloud. "There are plenty of bizarre things you're going to see when you open your eyes, but Jim is certainly not one of them. He'll be excited to hear it. How was it? Seeing in your mind?" Bright. It kind of hurt. It was too bright. "Natural response, your mind has never had any form of visual input before so of course it's going to take a while before you can correctly deal with-" Seren paused as the door opened and did a double take at the person standing there. Christopher was in full Starfleet cadet uniform and had a determined expression on his face as he strode into the room. He offered no explanation as he sat down on the other side of Leo's bed, Seren continuing to stare at him until she had to ask. Chris all dressed up in his shiny new cadet reds? Chris sniggered and Seren glanced up at him. "Your shields are gone Leo, I can hear everything you're thinking. And yes, new reds… stiff too, need to be washed a couple of times," he said, stretching slightly and tugging at the sleeves of his jacket. Seren watched him look down at his twin, a small smile on his face. Their mental connection had always been a thing of strong interest to Spock, and then to herself as she'd grown up. It was as if they were bonded, their minds open to one another, sharing thoughts and feelings and knowledge. As children it had been of great use to them, but they had begun to shut each other out more and more, now as adults barely using their telepathic link, both having put up strong shields to silence the thoughts of the other within their own mind. "Good to have you back," she said and Chris gave a small nod. "Needed to get some things straightened out. Archer's good at helping with that; he doesn't sugar-coat, just gives straight up honest advice," he said and Seren raised an eyebrow slightly. "What kind of honest advice?" "That I need to stop being such an asshole and wasting all my potential." Hear hear! Seren chuckled at Leo's telepathic intervention and Chris mock-scowled at his twin. "When you wake up you get one flick in the ear for that." No ear flicking! "Let him rest, Chris, or I'll flick you in the ear," Seren warned and the elder twin relaxed back into his chair, looking more calm than she had seen him for a while. "So, what track are you on?" she asked and he looked up at her. "Oh. Uh well right now I'm just taking a little of everything, I'll figure out tracks and stuff before the start of next year. This year since I'm kind of diving in halfway through I'm just gonna try and get a feel for stuff. Archer thinks I could be good on the command track, but I need to get my head straight first, I'm too… unstable to make decisions like a captain would have to under pressure," he said and she nodded. "Lot of pressure. Captain, Doctor… chief engineer," she said, squeezing Leo's hand again. She could have sworn she felt him squeeze back lightly this time, the pressure so barely there it was hard to detect, but she was certain she had felt it. "I don't think I'd want to be a Captain. There's plenty of other ways I can make myself useful on a starship, that level of responsibility would be… pretty overwhelming. I'm sure I'll figure something out," he said and she nodded. "You're doing the right thing. I'm sure you'll be great at whatever you decide." Seren and Christopher fell into a comfortable silence, both just watching their younger brother resting. Seren carefully placed his hand back down on top the covers and let go of it, trying to stifle another yawn. "I'm going to go… probably sleep at Joanna's place seeing as we need to avoid the house until Spock is done," she said uncomfortably. The three of them had never really spoken of Spock's Pon Farr. It was known how he would behave and they all knew it had been seven years so were expecting it, but were dreading seeing Jim in the aftermath of it. "Or Leo's room at my apartment is all yours, if you want it," Chris offered and she nodded. "I'll talk to Joanna first, but thank you," she said and he nodded. Seren and Joanna got along well; no doubt they would use this as an opportunity to spend some time together. "Goodnight Chris, Leo," she said, pushing her hair back off her face where it was starting to slip out of the band holding it in it's long ponytail. "Night," Chris smiled, drawing one foot up to rest on the chair, hugging his knee to his chest. Seren left and Christopher waited a few moments before leaning down, pressing his forehead to his twin's, closing his eyes and focusing on their mental link. It was weakened from lack of use, but by their minds being so close the connection was easier to use to communicate. You scared the hell out of me. Sorry, I didn't mean to, I was just trying to conserve ene- I know you were conserving energy, but you still scared the hell out of me. Going into a trance like that? What were you thinking? Christopher demanded of his younger brother. Well, I wasn't exactly in control of it happening! It just… happened. I went to sleep and I just felt so tired. I knew I needed to do it, I knew I wasn't going to cope if I carried on kidding myself and trying to carry on as normal. It's probably a good thing that I did it though, right? I mean I feel good. Chris sat back in his chair and looked at his brother. He was noticeably underweight now, however, his skin wasn't pale and blotchy anymore, he didn't have dark circles under his eyes, he was a normal temperature, his heart rate was strong and his monitors were all showing good, strong readings of someone well on their way to being healthy again. "I'll admit you did the right thing, I just wish you hadn't pushed yourself to begin with. You should have told me, Leo, you shouldn't have tried to keep it from me," Chris said quietly. "Or from Emily for that matter, because I know as much as she pretends to be fine about it, she isn't." Leo took a few seconds, his face scrunching up slightly. I know. I know what I did was wrong, and I'm sorry. It seemed like the right thing to do, but it was an error of judgement on my part. I promise next time I get diagnosed with an illness that's meant to kill me, I'll tell you right away. Chris snorted and shook his head, chuckling to himself. Leo's sense of humour was obviously still very much intact. "You're an asshole. But I love you," he said fondly, ruffling his twin's hair and smiling as he scrunched up his nose a little in response to it. "Are you awake or…?" I'm kind of… I don't know. Systems coming online, Cap'n, need a little time to get 'er up an' running. "You're unbelievable. Scotty impressions at a time like this?" Chris sighed exasperatedly, not missing the tiniest trace of a smile that was appearing on his brother's face. There is never a bad time for a good Scotty impression. By the way, when I wake up, you're buying me pancakes. Chris laughed out loud. He felt happier then he had in a long time, knowing Leo was recovering and was alert enough inside his mind to be able to communicate, even if he was still too exhausted from healing to be conscious, was enough for Chris to breathe a little easier. "I promise you all the pancakes San Francisco has to offer," Chris smiled as he curled up awkwardly in the chair, itching at his uncomfortable starchy uniform. Quit scratching. "I can't. It's uncomfortable. I need Jim to work his magical laundry powers on it," he sighed, deciding to remove the jacket altogether as it was far too uncomfortable. What, fabric softener? You don't know how to do that yourself? I'm fucking blind and I know how to use fabric softener! Chris chuckled again and picked up his brother's hand gently, holding it between both of his own for a moment before setting it back down. "Get some rest." What does it look like I'm doing? "I know, but stop with the telepathy, you'll tire yourself out. Get rested and ready to wake up. I'll stay here tonight," he said, sinking a little lower in the chair and resting his head and shoulders onto the bed. It was uncomfortable but he would at least be able to close his eyes for a while. Quit hogging the bed, asshole! "I'll call Bones and he'll hypo you," Chris threatened, waiting for Leo's response to echo inside his mind. Goodnight Christopher. He chuckled to himself at his twin's sudden obedience. "Goodnight Leo." A/N Hi all, first off thanks for reading. I know the story has been a little slow-building, but this chapter is kind of the turning point and the pace is going to really pick up. My apologies if this chapter is really fragmented, it's been written literally 10 minutes at a time in any spare moment I could find this week... -_- Huge thank you to everyone who's reviewed the story, I really can't say just how much I appreciate every single one :)
***Warning*** Man love. Lots of it. Don't like? Please don't read! This is rated M for a reason. Chapter Seventeen. It took Christopher a little while to figure out the layout of campus. He was somewhat familiar with it, having been there quite a bit with Jim over the years and was able to find key places; the assembly hall, the cafeteria, the men's bathroom. Finding his classes was a little more difficult seeing as he'd never actually been to any of the classrooms. He'd almost been late to his physics class, and was thoroughly lost when it came to finding his way to biochemistry. He glanced around the crowded hallways, hoping he'd maybe see a familiar face, someone who would be helpful, point him in the right direction. His eyes locked onto a small figure at least a head shorter than the crowd milling around her and he hurried over, trying to look casual as he did so. "Molly Scott," he said and she glanced up at him, not looking at all surprised to see him there. "Christopher Kirk," she mocked his tone. "Biochem labs are…?" he asked, trailing off and she smirked. "It'll cost ya'," she said, trace of her father's accent that she'd picked up. "Name your price, and make it quick or I'll be late," he said and she grinned. "I'll need some time to think on that," she said, snatching the PADD he had clasped in his hand and looking it over. "We're in the same class, come with me," she said, grabbing his upper arm and beginning to lead him down the corridor. "I'm in the same class as someone six years younger than me? How does that work?" "It works because I hate biochem, and I have to take remedial class for extra credits if I want to pass it. Just astrophysics won't get me far enough, apparently," she said with an eye-roll. "Stupid Starfleet regs, they're doing the same to me. Lucky I speak Vulcan or they'd have thrown me in some weird alien language class too. I don't want to take a xenolinguistics module as well as all the Biology bullshit," he said as they rounded the corner. He stopped speaking abruptly as they entered the room. "Biology –ahem- bullshit started three minutes ago. Scott and…" the teacher trailed off. "Kirk," Chris piped up and the woman raised her eyebrows. "Kirk. You're late. You can start by explaining to the class about the photosynthetic tendencies of a plant of your choosing," she said. Molly smirked as Chris stared at her blankly, desperately trying to remember his high-school basics. "Uh…" he started dumbly, becoming entirely distracted when his eyes locked onto a pair of all-too-familiar blue ones staring at him from across the room. David looked amused as Chris floundered under the watchful eye of the class. The Biochem professor was a particularly jovial Denobulan woman, who eventually relinquished her attack on Chris and allowed him to stop explaining after he'd mumbled something that was barely satisfactory. Molly gave a better answer and was quickly dismissed to her seat, but the instructor kept Chris at the front of the room. "New entrant?" she asked and he nodded. The class began to talk amongst themselves and Chris was grateful, it took some of the pressure off him. He inclined his head in agreement and pulled at his jacket nervously. "You name preceeds you Kirk, you look just like your fathers," she pointed out and he nodded again. "So I'm told." "Hopefully you've got a brain in that pretty little head of yours," she said and he paused for a moment, looking at her carefully. "It's in there somewhere, maybe a little out of practice," he admitted and she nodded. "I'll sit you with someone who really knows what he's doing. McCoy, would you mind giving Mr Kirk a hand for today?" she asked and David looked up. "Uh… no, ma'am, really I'm fine, I can just sit with Molly? Maybe?" Chris suggested quickly and the Denobulan shook her head. "I insist. David will help you, he is one of my top students," she said, steering him towards the empty seat next to David. Chris plonked himself down in the chair, glaring at the instructors back as she walked away. He ignored the way that the three male cadets sat closest to David had looked at him strangely when they'd overheard his name, one of them whispering something to one of the others. "Make sure you take notes, she don't slow down for nothin'," David murmured as the instructor cleared her throat and began to speak. "So what are you doing here?" David asked as the class began to file out. David's three friends had been incredibly distracting all through the lecture and had whispered amongst themselves, Chris' more sensitive hearing able to hear every word of their unintelligent conversation. It had really put him off and he was grateful when they left immediately after class, looking at David expectantly who waved them off, told them not to wait for him. "Me? Taking a class, just like you," he said casually. "No, idiot. I mean at Starfleet. You've never wanted to do this. A week in Iowa with an old shut-in and now you suddenly want out into the black? Don't you have pictures to pose for or something?" he asked and Chris gave him a stern look. "Do you have any idea how much I got paid for that stuff?" "No. And I don't much care either. You didn't make any notes," David pointed out. "In here," Chris said, tapping the side of his temple. David snorted and shook his head. "You can't be strutting around here with an ego like that. Your face won't get you grades you know, and no matter how good your six-pack looks that won't get you out into space. You're not in this for any other reason than the obvious one," David said and Chris narrowed his eyes slightly, the room now completely empty, leaving them alone. "And what's that?" "To keep Jim and Spock off your back. You aren't here for you, you're here for them," he said and Christopher shook his head. "You're wrong. You can see that you're wrong, you know that you're wrong." "Don't come crying to me when you realise you're the one who's wrong," David said coldly, storming past him and out of the room. Christopher stood in silence for a moment, suppressing his urge to follow David and punch him in the face. He thought they had moved past the childish hostility, but evidently he was mistaken. Things had been incredibly tense between them since the night Chris had his incident at the apartment. He was calling it an 'incident' because he was in no way ready to call it a breakdown. He could remember David kissing him though, and was ready to use that ammunition if it came to it. He had a three hour gap before his next class and no homework, so decided to head over to the hospital to check on Leo. Their mental link had been silent since he'd left the room, but he hoped to maybe communicate with him again if they were in close enough contact. His feet led him through the familiar maze of corridors until he reached Leo's room. The door was closed and he let himself in, surprised as he found the room dimly lit with the blinds down and obscuring the window. "I think he's going to wake up, so I don't want to overwhelm him when he does," Seren explained as he stepped into the shadows of the room. "You're that confident he's going to be able to see?" "His brain scans look almost identical to yours now. Everything looks like it should work, but we'll only know for sure when he wakes up and tells us that," she said quietly. Chris took a few steps closer, reaching for the familiar point in his mind where he could feel his twin's connection. Waking up today? He sank into the chair beside his bed and awaited his response. Working on it. How's Emily? Honestly I haven't seen her or talked to her. Bones is making her stay away from you until he's sure she won't give you any kind of infection. Chris watched as Leo frowned slightly, Seren smiling and making a note on a PADD of the new progress. I don't care, I've had strep throat before and it isn't so bad, just bring her to see me? Please? "He's asking for Emily," Chris sighed and Seren took a deep breath. "Can't risk it. Any kind of infection could be enough to-" "Seren. Please? I miss her," Leo croaked. Chris grinned from ear to ear and grabbed his brother's hand. She sighed. "You're breaking my heart but Leo I can't. It's too risky. I'll be right back, I need to get Doctor McCoy seeing as you're awake," she said, quickly leaving the room. "You going to open your eyes for me?" Chris asked and Leo yawned widely. "The effort to open my mouth is enough. Not quite ready yet," he said weakly. Christopher squeezed his hand. "When you are, I'll be here." "Ew. I don't want the first thing I see to be your ugly face," Leo mumbled and Chris snorted. "What do you want to be the first thing you see?" Leo was silent for a moment, breathing slightly heavier than he had been as if the effort of just being conscious was rendering him out of breath. "Food. I'm starving," he mumbled, barely above a whisper. "I'll bring you anything you want," Chris promised. They were both silent for a few long minutes. Chris was doing his best to control the emotions threatening to overcome him. Leo somehow seemed even more fragile conscious than when he had been in his trance. Seren returned with Bones in tow and he reviewed the monitors. "Hey kid, how are you feeling?" he asked and Leo shifted slightly in the bed, screwing up his face. "Like maybe my head got cut open or something equally horrific," he said quietly and Bones chuckled. "Oh yeah, there was a lot of that. You did great. You're doing great. Relieved to have you talkin'. Do you want some water? Painkillers?" he asked, brandishing a tricoder and looking at him carefully, Leo nodded very slightly. Chris helped him to drink from a glass, though managed to spill a little on the pillow. "Sorry," he said quickly and Leo didn't reply. "Leo?" Seren asked quietly. "M'awake," he whispered. "Go back to sleep kid, you aint ready to be up and talkin' just yet," Bones said, eyeing the screen of his tricoder and the monitors. "But I wanna," he whimpered. "Well I don't care mister. Back to sleep with you. I'll call Emily and tell her you're up and talkin' alright?" he said firmly. Leo gave a small yawn and a little stretch, eyelids flickering but not opening. "Mmm night," he mumbled as he slipped back into sleep. Seren breathed a small sigh as she looked at him carefully. "You goin' to believe me now that we did everything right?" Bones asked her and she nodded, allowing herself a small smile. "It's going to be amazing when he properly wakes up. I can't wait for him to see us," Chris said, excitement creeping into his tone. "Kind of want it to be put off a couple days, don't want your parents to miss it," Bones said, crossing his arms across his chest. Jim bit his lip to keep silent as Spock pinned him to the bed. He'd been hoping for his bondmate to retain some degree of control, but his hopes were fading fast as Spock was anything but gentle with him. "Spock," he tried, his words ignored as his face was pushed down into the pillow, hips dragged upwards, legs spread. Two spit-slick fingers worked into him, too much too fast. "Spock," Jim tried again, squirming. Spock growled low in his throat and Jim kept very still, allowing the Vulcan complete control over him. Jim grit his teeth as Spock added his third finger, the stretch too far setting his nerve-endings alight. It hurt, but the fever was inching across into his own mind through their bond, obscuring his senses from being able to accurately determine how he was feeling. Spock. Please, try and fight it, be in control. Spock seemed to momentarily come to his senses, his fingers retreating, returning a moment later slippery with cool lubricant. Jim mewled in pleasure at the relief, doing his best to force himself to relax. He couldn't muffle his yelp of surprise when Spock picked him up by the hips and spun him, flipping him over onto his back, pinning his legs bent against his body. Dark eyes focused on his own as Spock entered him in one quick movement. Jim bit the inside of his mouth to keep quiet. Jim wasn't in pain, but he certainly wasn't enjoying himself as shown by his certainly flagging erection that didn't go unnoticed by Spock who was quick to delve into his mind without any warning. Jim moaned out as pleasure and heat and overwhelming need flooded through him, his body taking mere seconds to respond. He'd been wound so tight for weeks, months even. Worry about everything from Spock's return home, to his own dwindling career at Starfleet, to Leo's health and Christopher's emotional state. Maybe a few days getting screwed through the mattress would be good for him, force everything out of his brain. "Spock, god, yes," he gasped out as Spock thrust hard into him, setting a quick pace, slamming into him with bruising force. He was always so different during Pon Farr. Usually he'd take things slowly, make sure Jim was enjoying whatever they were doing at that particular moment through clever use of their bond, and always ensure Jim was satisfied. But now he just needed release, relief from the fever coursing through his veins, the primal urge to pin his bondmate down and fuck. Jim kept his eyes on Spock's, watching the brown irises disappear completely as his pupils dilated to the maximum. His eyes slipped closed for a moment and his movements stuttered, rhythm breaking momentarily. He grabbed Jim's legs which were over his shoulders and held one ankle in each hand, pushing them down towards Jim's torso and apart, causing Jim to breathe out a string of expletives as the new angle had Spock's every moments causing the double-ridged head of his cock to press exquisitely against his prostate. Jim wrapped a hand around his own cock, pumping it erratically, frantically, desperate for release. Spock let out a gasp and a groan as he spilled inside of Jim, Jim moaning out as he hit his own climax, his release warm and wet on his stomach and Spock's. They were still for a long moment until Spock drew almost entirely out before burying himself back in to the hilt. Oversensitive from his orgasm, Jim whined at the sensation, trying to wriggle away from the stimulation. Spock held him pinned easily, pushing both his legs aside and lowering himself down so they were chest to chest, Jim's legs wrapping around his back as Spock snaked his arms underneath Jim's arms and up so his hands were underneath his shoulders, almost like he was hugging him. Except he wasn't. He was pinning him down and rutting into him mindlessly, broken words spilling him his lips occasionally, some in Vulcan, some in standard. Jim caught his own name amongst it, and the word T'hy'la. He fought hard against the groans he wanted to let out, protesting against the overuse of his body and the fact he'd had absolutely no time to recover from round one before round two had started. Spock came again, quickly, eyes rolling into the back of his head as his hips stilled, cock pulsing deep inside of his bondmate. "T'hy'la," he breathed against Jim's neck. "Mmm Spock, you still in there?" Jim asked uncertainly. "I am… certainly under the influence of Pon Farr however I am in more control than on previous occasions," Spock said, voice oddly breathless. "Good, no beating the hell out of me. Just the sex," Jim said, wincing as Spock pulled out a little too quickly and rolled onto the bed beside him. "I believe there will be much of that, Jim," he said quietly against Jim's neck as they curled together. "Goody," Jim said unenthusiastically. "I am fully aware of the inconvenient timing of-"Spock stopped talking halfway through his sentence, closing his eyes tightly, fighting to stay in control. "S'okay Spock, just do what you need to do, whatever you need just take it," Jim said, resigning himself to however long he was going to be trapped in that room. He was so convinced that Leo was going to wake up and he was going to miss it. After all the years he'd spent waiting for their son to be able to see, Spock had managed to enter Pon Farr at the worst possible time. Jim also knew that he wouldn't feel entirely able to relax about Leo getting over his surgery until they'd had a chance to actually speak, for him to know that he was alright. Jim bit back his groan as Spock pinned him to the mattress once again, predatory darkness clouding his eyes. Jim closed his own eyes and tried to keep his body relaxed, not to struggle as Spock took what he needed from him. Chris discovers that he and David share several classes together, and that in any that there are three particular other cadets, David wont as much as look at him properly. In the three hours he was away from campus, tension seems to have built from nowhere, and it seems to stem from David's three friends who look at him strangely when they think he doesn't notice. He's very briefly introduced to the three, surnames only, and no handshakes (not that he was complaining, he hated having to excuse himself from shaking hands and then to have to explain about his telepathy) but it seemed odd. The three other cadets; Patrick, Ramos and Forbes. They are all human, all American, all very much the jock-frat-boy type. David is different around them, makes comments Chris would never have imagined him making. The first time Chris catches the word is in the hallway outside the shuttle simulators. He ignores it, thinking he must have heard wrongly. He hears it twice more before the end of his day. "Faggot," hisses Patrick to a passing cadet. David doesn't bat an eye at the victim of the taunt, a weedy looking blonde whose eyes quickly avert to the floor. "Is this why you're-"Chris begins, feeling anger bubbling up inside of him. David cuts him off by starting to talk loudly about the woman he'd spent the night with two days previously. The night in question, it had in fact been Chris that had slept in his bed, not some woman. They'd cuddled. David had promised him Leo would be fine and they'd fallen asleep together like that. And David was lying. So that's it huh? Your friends here are a bunch of disgusting homophobes and you want them to think you're straighter than straight? David glared at him across the table in the cafeteria, something uneaten on his plate staring up at him. Quit the bond bullshit, not here. Chris smirked at having obviously got a reaction. "So I was talking to my Dad's earlier and it turns out that there are some new equality procedures being brought in this year," Chris lied casually. David's eyes widened as his three friends stopped talking and stared at Chris. "Yeah, I am talking to you," Chris said, leaning across the table and lowering his voice. "Your attitude is archaic and disgusting and you should be embarrassed to be so narrow-minded," he said and Patrick was the first to laugh. "What, you're a little faggot too? That it? Can't say I'm surprised though, Kirk and Spock are the two most bent-" He didn't get to finish as Chris threw him the better part of fifteen feet across the room, leaving him a crumpled heap on the ground. Ramos was next on his feet, taking a swing at Chris and yelping in pain as his hand was caught and twisted before he could even react. Chris let go before he broke the bone and floored the cadet with a single blow to the chest, knocking all the breath out of him and leaving him too shocked to instantly draw another one. Forbes knew when not to pick a fight and backed off just in time for two security officers to arrive, having been alerted to the fray. David and Christopher were led off in opposite directions. David found himself in his mentors office, given a stern talking to and placed on academic suspension (on the order of Admiral Bennett himself, no less) until further notice, no chance to even explain himself. Seething, he stormed home, peeling off his reds as he walked up to his room. "Stupid-" he tore off the jacket inside the door. "Fucking-" he peeled his shirt over his head, throwing that aside too, leaving it on the stairs behind him. "Admirals," he growled as he reached the top of the stairs and kicked off his boots, peeled off his socks and turned to the left, aiming for his door. It slid open and he walked right into a solid wall of muscle. "What the hell are you doing in my hou-" David was cut off as Chris slammed his lips against his, pushing him backwards and up against the door that had closed behind him barely a second before. "I fucking hate you," Chris growled as he fumbled at the button and zipper of David's pants. "Yeah? Well I fucking hate you too," David spat, their lips reconnecting in a dizzying kiss. Chris bit David's bottom lip, a little too hard, the taste of a little blood mingling in their mouths. "I'm going to show you just how much I hate you," Chris growls, breathless against David's lips. "Yeah? Do it, I dare you," David bites back and Chris palms his rapidly swelling cock through the fabric of his boxers. David finds himself face down on the bed before he can even blink, all clothing removed from his body. He heard his boxers rip as Chris literally tore them from him and gasps out as before he can react, Chris is on top of him, skin to skin, rock solid length of his cock pressed against David's naked thigh. "I'm going to hold you down and fuck you until you scream," Chris growls in his ear, biting at it roughly before David lets out a muffled yelp as one finger presses into him and where Chris got lube from he'll never know, or particularly care for that matter. One finger becomes two and two becomes something much larger, something that makes David bite the sheets beneath him, toes curling and hands clenching and gasping until Christopher is fully sheathed inside of him. One hand is on David's bicep, the other on the back of his head, effectively pinning him to the bed as he begins to thrust into him, grunting a little as he does so. "Think you're fucking funny huh?" he growled into David's ear, leaning down to get closer, the hand on his bicep curling underneath his arm and looping back through to grasp his shoulder, laying flat out on top of him. His full weight is slightly overwhelming and David's head is swimming. He can't breathe. He can't even think. He's certain it's due to Chris's ridiculously large endowment poking him in the brain or somewhere equally as vital for thoughts, but he'd need medical evidence to support his theory. "You like this? You like when I fuck you like this?" David can't answer with words, a pained whimper leaving his mouth as he falls further off the cliff into the swirling white pleasure below. "I asked you a question and you'll answer me," Chris says in a low voice, pulling David's hair, pulling his head back. "Y-yes," he gasps out. "What would your friends say if they could see you now? Laying there just taking it. Should I tell them? Tell them how you moan like a little slut for it?" he breathed in a low voice, punctuating his words with particularly savage thrusts that leave David tantalizingly close to the edge, the friction of his cock against the sheets below him maddening. Christopher bites down on the back of his neck and David moans loudly, pushing back upwards against each punishing inward movement, driving him deeper, harder. A hand covers his mouth as he finally explodes, his desperate, pleading moans partially muffled by Chris' large hand obscuring his lips. Chris releases his hold and pulls out, stroking himself only a few times before exploding over his bondmates back, decorating the lightly tanned skin with his seed. David lays panting as Chris quickly dresses himself. "Don't you ever embarrass me like that again," Chris warns as he storms from the room, footsteps retreating down the stairs. "Oh fuck," David mumbled as his brain started to come back online and he realised just how much his body was aching and how much of a mess he was. He grimaced as he forced himself up with shaking arms, snatching up his towel and opening his door just a little to peek outside. There was nobody around so he risked it, hurrying to the bathroom to clean up, naked and filthy. Chris… Jesus what was that? He started up the shower and stood back, waiting for a response through the bond. That was me showing you that as much as you like to think you are, I'm the boss. Your friends are disgusting and the fact you pretend to agree with their attitude it disgusting. Towel bundled up on the side, he stepped under the warm flow of water and sighed. I know. But it isn't easy there. People make their friends early on; I've known them since we started. It was a few months before I realised what they were like, and by that point it was too late to change. Everyone had made their friends and weren't looking for more. I was stuck. Them or nobody. Please… don't tell Jim. He'll be so disappointed. David quickly washed himself off, body tingling with aftershocks of the sex he still couldn't quite believe had actually just happened. Damn right he'll be disappointed. I sincerely hope you don't actually believe their attitudes. There's nothing wrong with being gay. Nothing at all. You know what? Admiral Pike was gay too. He was married to a man. Does that make him any less of a hero? David clenched his fists as Chris continued to provoke him. No! God damn it, are you not listening to me? I've already told you I don't agree with their opinions, much as I pretend to just to save face around the Academy. You're right, homophobia died out a hundred years ago and should stay dead. I'm not a homophobe, Chris. He stomped out of the shower and towel dried himself roughly, tying the towel around his waist and storming back down the hallway to his room to get dressed, meeting a miserable looking Emily as she exited her own room. She took one look at the clear fresh bite mark on his neck and smirked. "Don't say it," he hissed. "I could hear you guys you know," she pointed out as she flounced past him and down the stairs, tightening the scarf around her neck to help keep her throat warm. David felt heat rising in his cheeks as he began to blush. She had heard them? Shit. You know what David? I think you are homophobic. I think that's why this whole thing between us freaks you out so much. It's because you have feelings for me, feelings that I know are there because I can see them in your mind. It's because I'm a man that you won't act on them, so don't talk to me until you stop being such an asshole. Oh and by the way, enjoy being suspended; I got off with a warning because I was provoked by your asshole friends. The loud bang when his fist collided with his wall startled David into focusing on trying to keep calm. His hand throbbed painfully and he cried out, half in anger and frustration, half in pain. "Fucking pointy-eared asshole," he growled as he stumbled around, snatching up clothes as he went and pulling them on. He stripped the sheets off his bed and ignored Emily's knowing smirk as he bundled them into the washing machine. "How's that sore throat treating you?" he asked, wiping the smirk off her face immediately. "Yeah. I thought so. Leo was awake today, askin' for you and you weren't there for him, how's that feel?" he asked spitefully. "You're… a horrible person," she spat as she hurried from the kitchen. David ignored the tiny spark of guilt that ignited inside of himself as he saw her hazel eyes full of tears. He called up a few friends, made plans to go out, get drunk, forget. He had no idea what the night had in store for him. Leonard and Carol McCoy groaned simultaneously as their side-by-side communicators began to chirp a little before two in the morning. "That's gonna be the same for both of us darlin'," he murmured, voice deep and scratchy from sleep. She leant across and picked up both devices, handing her husband the one that belonged to him. "McCoy," he grunted. "By Starfleet order four seven alpha six one nine, Doctor Leonard McCoy to report for immediate despatch as CMO of the USS Enterprise," the recorded message stated, tone cool and calm. He felt immediately wide awake as he asked the question. "Computer, what is the purpose of the despatch?" "USS Enterprise is being deployed to assist USS Intrepid. Distress call received at zero one hundred hours, thirty-nine minu-" "Computer play recording," he ordered as he dived out of bed, Carol doing the same. Uniforms were pulled out of the closet as the recorded loaded and they both froze as it began to play. Zis is Commander Pavel Chekov, USS Intrepid, requesting immediate assistance. Our ship has been boarded by strange… creatures. Zey are like robots, half robots and half people. Ve hawe been able to seal ze majority of ze ship, but ze Keptin is not on ze bridge and is currently unaccounted for. Requesting Enterprise if possible. Send Kirk. Kirk and Spock, zey will know what to do. It appears that ze creatures are attempting to modify systems. The man sounded panicked, rushed, stressed. Carol and Leonard locked eyes across the room as they each quickly scrambled into their uniforms. "Jim and Spock are a little preoccupied right now," he muttered under his breath. "I'm sure something can be figured out," she responded as she pulled on her boots. I sure as hell hope so Leonard thought to himself as they bounded down the stairs. Emily appeared in her doorway, blinking sleepily. "Emergency. We've been called. I'll comm. you once we get on board and let you know more," Carol said quickly as they rushed to stand in the middle of the hallway. "Be safe," she croaked, rubbing at her throat with the heel of her hand. "Get Seren to give you another shot of antibiotics, and stay away from Leo, sorry," Leonard ordered. "We love you," Carol added quickly to her daughter, trying to keep her voice calm and steady, not showing how nervous she was at the sudden emergency deployment. "Enterprise, McCoy and McCoy reporting ready for transport," he spoke quickly into his communicator. There was a crackle of static and then a response from a familiar voice. "Oh, roped you in too have they? Stand by," Scotty said and their eyes met as the small white lights of the transporter beam began to swirl around them. Emily watched from the upstairs landing as her parents dematerialised, her heart pounding as a sick, nervous feeling rose in her throat. Aboard the ship Scotty had transported Jim and Spock directly from their bedroom at home to the Captains quarters of the ship. McCoy had managed to warn him of Spock's Pon Farr and he'd just nodded and not asked questions. "So… with Jim and Spock temporarily out of commission right now and the fact we're not sharing it with the Admiralty, who's in charge?" Carol asked and the doctor frowned. "Me, you or Mr Scott, all Commanders. We can take turns," he said glumly as he headed for the bridge. He wasn't needed in sickbay. Everyone aboard the ship was healthy, there were no injuries to treat either. Yet he added as a grim, pessimistic afterthought. The crew was a mixture of cadets and regular staff members and as they weaved their way through the crowded corridors Carol caught sight of Joanna striding confidently towards the communications room. "Joanna is here," she murmured to her husband. "Don't surprise me, half the damn Academy seem to be here, where's the rest of the crew?" he asked and Scotty shrugged. "Lot of people on alternative assignments at the moment so the top cadets are filling their spaces. Wonder who got the helm," he said and McCoy just shrugged as they made their way towards the turbo-lift. "David here?" McCoy asked and Carol scanned a PADD she had been handed by a Yeoman somewhere on their way to the bridge. "No. This says he's on Academic suspension, pending further investigation," she said and the doctor sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose as they stepped into the lift and commanded it to the bridge. "Kids," he grunted frustratedly. "If we make it home in one piece, I'll be givin' him a piece of my mind," he said. "Does it say why he's suspended?" he demanded and Carol frowned as she quickly read the report. "Involved in a fight that included four other cadets. One of them was Christopher." Scotty stood awkwardly as he watched the couple discuss their son. "Chris suspended too?" "Um… no. But he's grounded anyway, too new of a cadet to be cleared to go into the black yet," she said and he nodded once as the lift reached the bridge. "Here we go," he muttered under his breath as the three of them stepped out into the familiar room, feeling strange knowing Jim and Spock were aboard but not on the bridge where they belonged. Leonard uncomfortably took the Captain's chair, being the highest ranking officer there he would be in charge until a time when Jim or Spock could report for duty. "It's going to take us a little over two days at maximum warp to reach the location the transmission came from, so let's not dilly-dally. Kid, what's your name?" he asked the young blonde man the helm. "Ensign Tucker, Sir," he responded quickly, not meeting the older man's eye. "You got a first name, kid?" he asked. The young man seemed barely older than twenty-five at a stretch and clearly nervous. "My friends call me Quinn, Sir," he said and the doctor nodded. "My friends call me Bones, but I'm sure you've heard those stories around the Academy," he said, trying to put the young man at ease. He nodded stiffly. "Yes Sir." "Enough with the Sir. You're makin' me nervous, we both know I don't belong in this chair, kid," Bones sighed, resting his elbow on the arm-rest of the chair. He wasn't the right man to be sitting in this seat. Just because he held the highest rank aboard the ship and automatically therefore the rank of acting Captain, didn't make him feel any more comfortable in the chair. "Sorry, sir. I mean… not sir," he corrected quickly. Bones gave him a weak half a smile. "Ready for immediate departure," Carol reported from a station behind him and he nodded once. "Acknowledged Commander. Ensign Tucker, take us out," he ordered. The familiar hum of the warp core powering up to full capacity filled him with both excitement and dread. "Now hurry up Spock, and get Jim back in this damn chair where he belongs," he muttered under his breath as they accelerated to full speed, racing towards the ship that had called for their help. A/N Sorry this took a little longer than usual, it was my first encounter with writer's block in the whole time I've been writing this story. The next chapter should come quicker, things are happening, big, big things. Also, apologies for Jim and Spock's scene not being as long as I thought it would be. The scene between David and Chris wouldn't leave my mind so I put that in instead, hope it's an at least partially acceptable substitute! Now that I've started to reveal a little more of maybe where the story is headed, I'd love to hear(read) your thoughts. Thank you again to everyone who reviewed the last chapter :)
Chapter Eighteen Chris glanced up as his communicator began to sound again, it was still showing no identity of the person calling, so he didn't want to answer it. He ignored it and continued with his homework, an incredibly dull assignment on the earliest warp-speed starships. The sound stopped and he breathed a sigh of relief, finding it easier to focus now without the noise. He had only a few minutes before he could hear the video-comm panel sounding in the living room. He groaned and stood up, shuffling out into the lounge and glancing at the screen for the caller ID. USS Enterprise. He frowned a little and accepted the call. "Chris?" A face appeared on the screen and Chris raised an eyebrow. "Joanna, what are you doing on the-" "Chris we've been deployed. Enterprise has been scrambled… Intrepid ran into some trouble and personally requested Jim and Spock, so the ship was sent out." Chris took a second to repond. "But Jim and Spock are-" "Indisposed right now, yeah, I know. My Dad, Carol and Scotty are splitting his duties until he's back. Scotty beamed them on board, so they're here. We're all here, it's just you guys now… so take care of Leo and Emily, and keep an eye on David for me," she said and Chris snorted. "Oh yeah, I'll be sure to do that," he said sarcastically and Joana sighed exasperatedly. "Chris, please, come on, I'm sure it's nothing serious and we'll be back in a few days but please be an adult and keep an eye on everyone for me?" she pleaded. She looked scared, tired, and a little bit dazed at having been forced from her bed at such an early hour as the crew was hastily assembled. "Yeah. Alright," he said finally and she gave him half a smile. "Thanks. I gotta go, I'm on shift and my supervisor will be back soon," she said and he nodded, cutting off the call. He stared at the blank screen for a few moments before he could hear his comm. again in the bedroom. This time he answered it. David opened his eyes, glancing around blearily. "Hello?" He was in a small cell, the corridor outside completely deserted. He stood up and stumbled over to the door, pressing his face against it and looking around. "Hello? Anybody here?" he called. There was only silence as a response and he sank back onto the cot, resting his head in his hands and trying to remember what he'd been doing. "DUI huh? Never though you were the type," a taunting voice echoed from outside the room. David looked up and frowned as he saw an officer leading Chris down the corridor. "I… what?" David slurred, scratching at his face. "You don't remember? Wow, you must be wasted." David took a few seconds, concentrating hard. He could remember cold wind whipping past his ears, fingers numb, the rush of air and the roar of an engine, and then nothing. Blank until waking up. "You took my motorbike. Drunk. And went for a little joyride. Lucky you didn't kill anybody," Chris said, crossing his arms as he surveyed David through the door. "I didn't do that," he said flatly. "Oh really? Because the arresting officer found you asleep at the controls of said bike, just out by the city limits. Anything coming back now?" he asked as the officer opened the door and heaved David to his feet by gripping his upper arm. "Hey don't touch me," David protested, wrenching his arm from the officers grasp. "Behave, David. I already paid your bail for driving drunk, but I'm not paying your bail for assaulting a police officer. Now let's go," Chris said firmly. David stumbled over his own feet as they were both led down the corridor, sick dread rising in his throat as he began to remember his actions. He's gone out. Got completely wasted. Wanted to go and see the stars, away from the city and away from the lights. Chris' bike had seemed like such a good idea at the time. Now, not so much. Christopher was silent as the officer completed entering the record on David's file and then released him, giving him instructions on what would happen next. His drivers licence was suspended until further notice, and he'd have to attend a hearing. David was numb and just nodded. "I'd yell at you for being such a fucking idiot, but right now we've got bigger problems," Chris said as he led David out of the police station. "Like what?" David asked, voice still a little slurred. "First off, here," Chris said, taking a small clear patch from his pocket and peeling off the backing before sticking it on David's neck. David winced as the medication took effect, sobering him instantly and leaving him with a splitting headache. "Thanks, hate those things," he grunted as he peeled off the small piece of plastic and balled it up, stuffing it in his jeans pocket. "Me too, but I can't deal with you drunk right now. Jim and Spock are in trouble, Bones and Carol too. Some kind of distress signal from Sulu and Chekov, they were rushed out a couple of hours ago," Chris explained as they walked quickly down the street. "Shit." "Yes, big shit. Joanna's gone too, and you'd have been called if you weren't suspended. Oh hey, good job, suspended from the academy and getting arrested for the first time in under twenty-four hours? Great work!" Chris mocked and David punched him in the arm. He couldn't look at him properly, not after what had happened between them earlier. His stomach was in knots just being this close to him. "So… what do we do?" David asked as Chris led him to Seren's car that he'd borrowed. "Go home and wait for them to get back, I guess," Chris shrugged as he got into the drivers seat. His comm. started to sound in his pocket and he sighed deeply before pulling it out. "This damn thing hasn't stopped all night and-" he froze upon seeing the ID before opening it quickly. "Seren, hi," he said. "Chris… you… you'd better get over here," she said urgently and his eyes widened slightly. "Is he alright?" he asked quickly. "He's… just get over here," she said, cutting off the call. David met Christopher's scared brown eyes for a brief second before he turned his attention back to the road, starting the car and speeding off in the direction of the hospital. Leo pressed his forehead against the window, trying to see further, to see more. "I… this is weird," he chuckled weakly. He felt strange, shaky and weak certainly, but he hadn't expected everything to be quite so scary when he could see it. Seren just watched him staring outside with silent tears streaming down her cheeks. She'd come in to check on him and found him wide awake, standing at the window, hands flat against the glass as he looked out. "Does it always look like this?" he asked, still not turning to face her. "The city? Yes. At night it does," she said, taking a step closer. He was silent as he continued to stare. "I'm a little bit scared to look at you, or at a mirror," he confessed and she smiled. "Look at me," she said gently, putting her hand on his shoulder. He turned slowly and blinked hard as he focused on her face, hands coming up to rest on either side of her face as his eyes widened. "Hi," he smiled and she grinned as more tears welled up in her eyes. "Hi Leo." He silently looked at her for what felt like a very long time, his eyes delving into hers, looking over her face over and over. "Your eyes are… I could look at them all day. The colour is… what is that? I mean I don't…" he trailed off and she smiled. "Jim's eyes. Blue. His are better though, mine aren't quite as-" She stopped as the door burst open and David and Chris piled in, both freezing as they saw Leo standing up and out of bed, eyes open and seeing. "Leo, oh my god," Chris gasped as he crossed the room so quickly it made David's head spin. The twins stared at each other for a few long moments before Leo wrapped his arms around his older brother and sister, pulling the three of them into a tight embrace. "Thought it wasn't gonna work, thought you wouldn't be able to-" "I see you. I see everything," Leo said quietly, eyes flicking between his brother and sister. David kept his distance until he was noticed. "Jim and Spock are in trouble, I can feel it," Leo said quickly, letting go of his siblings and tensing up, eyes squeezing tightly closed for a moment before opening again. "Hey, hey come sit, I need to take a good look at you… you need a full set of scans, need to try and keep yourself calm too, don't want to overwhelm yourself," Seren said gently, slipping back into 'doctor' mode as she led him to the bed. Leo kept his eyes fixed on his twin. "I look like you?" Leo asked and Chris nodded, overwhelmed, even more so than Leo. "Unfortunately," David interjected and Chris scowled, Leo smirking. "David McCoy, good to see you," he said as Seren prompted him to lay back down on the bed and he reluctantly complied. "You too man, you had us all pretty worried." "Your sister as good looking as you?" he asked and Seren giggled as David blushed. "Better, probably," he mumbled and Leo smiled. "Good. Damn. I can't get over… I… we're all so… nice to look at," he said and Chris laughed. "Want to see yourself?" he offered and Leo frowned a little. "Why would I need to? Already seen you," he said as Seren began to look at him thoroughly, tricoder taking careful scans of his head. "Just… you're better looking than me, you should see it," Chris said, glancing around the room for a reflective surface. He picked up a PADD that was on the side table and activated the front camera, effectively turning it into a mirror, before handing it to his twin. "Oh holy shit," he breathed as he looked at his own image for the first time. "We really are the same. How does anyone tell us apart?" he asked as he turned his face slightly to look at himself from a different angle. "Believe me, it aint difficult," David said as he watched Leo carefully taking in his own appearance. Leo's heart rate was increasing, and it hadn't gone unnoticed on the monitors, Seren keeping an eye on his readings. "My eyes are… not the same," he said with a small frown. "No. You two have brown eyes, like Spock," Seren told him and he nodded slightly. "Brown and… blue? Right. Got it I think. Shit, colours are so difficult… can I take a class somewhere to learn all this stuff?" he asked and Seren, David and Chris exchanged smirks. "We'll teach you. Colours, and reading with your eyes instead of your hands, and animals and species and shapes and… y'know, all the basic stuff you need to know," Chris promised. "Going to shine a light in your eyes, ok?" Seren asked and Leo nodded. She looked at his eyes carefully before stepping back with a grin. "He all good?" Chris asked and Seren nodded. "Making really great steps. Going to need monitoring carefully to make sure that the cancer doesn't make a reappear-" "Can I go and see Emily now? And Jim and Spock?" Leo asked, interrupting and sitting back up quickly. "Jim and Spock were called away off-world, but they should be back soon. Emily… well… I guess so. You just need to be careful. She's had a nasty infection and it'd be really bad for your healing if your immune system got distracted trying to deal with something like that," she said and Leo looked up at her hopefully. "But I can see her, right?" he asked and Seren nodded. "Sure. I need to run some more thorough tests before they'll let you leave though, okay? Get dressed and I'll get through it all as quickly as I can." "Ok… I need uh… clothes," he said slowly, glancing around the room. Chris picked up the backpack on the floor containing a set of Leo's clothes ready for him to wear when he was ready to go home and started to unpack it onto the bed for him. "I… we'll give you a minute to get ready," Seren said and the three of them began to leave. "Chris?" "Yeah?" he asked, turning back to his brother. "Stay?" "Sure. You need help putting your panties on?" Leo chuckled. "Something like that." Seren and David left the twins alone, Leo sitting on the edge of the bed and staring at his brother with an intense expression on his face. "I… I don't know how to do this," he confessed and Chris frowned. "What? Get dressed? I mean I assume it's the same as before you could see, you take off your old clothes and you put on the new ones and then-" "No. I know how to get dressed… I don't know how to… see you," Leo said quietly and Chris took a step closer. "Are you feeling ok?" "I feel good. Really good, better than I have in a long time," he said and Chris frowned suspiciously. "I distinctly remember you lying about stuff like that before… y'know, while you were going through chemo… getting ready for surgery… couple of weeks off kicking the bucket and 'no, im fine, maybe a little tired'," Chris said in impersonation of his brother. "This time I'm telling the truth. I feel good, just… my eyes work," he said and Chris nodded. "Yeah, they do. A lot of stuff to show you now, I'm excited for it. And… Emily. Wow. Can't wait for you to see her, your reaction is going to be… interesting," Chris said and Leo smiled. "Yeah. I'm excited to see what she looks like, I feel like an asshole though, kind of bad timing for my trance," he said and Christopher cocked an eyebrow. "Oh? Were you guys hanging out that night after she was done yelling at you?" "Uh… well… that's kind of why I asked you to stay in here. I need some manly advice," he asked and Chris nodded, sitting beside him on the bed. "Sure, anything." "The night I went into my healing trance… Emily and I… well… we slept together. It was both our first times and I just feel so terrible because I couldn't stay awake afterwards and then I was aware of her trying to wake me up in the morning and I couldn't and I just… is she mad at me?" Leo asked and Chris smiled. "Just tell her you love her and you're sorry. She isn't mad." "Really? I mean… because I'm worried I was bad at it and it was bad for her because I know I hurt her a little bit at first and I… I feel nervous and I'm scared to see her… I mean what is it meant to feel like?" he asked and Chris thought for a moment. "Jesus man, you've been in basically a coma for weeks and the first thing you want to ask me about is vagina?!" "This is important to me! I'm worried she hates me! It's mostly what I've been thinking about while I've been laying here." Chris chuckled as Leo frowned at him, picking up his tee-shirt and looking at it with fascination. "She doesn't hate you. Did you make her… y'know, writhe and scream and beg you to keep going all night long?" he asked with a widening smirk. He was just so relieved to have his twin back talking, let alone the excitement he was feeling that his eyes seemed to be working perfectly. Leo blushed a little bit. "I did my best to make sure she… enjoyed herself. But oh my god… I… we need to talk about this in more detail sometime." "Then that's all that matters. Up until she got sick she was here every chance she got, and she asks about you all the time. I'm sure that she isn't mad. Can't believe you actually did it! And yes, that's fine by me, but for now let's get you ready to go, we can have sex-talks later," Chris ordered and Leo sent him out of the room so he could get dressed. Leo did his best not to take too long, though he was fascinated by the sight of his own body. It looked the way it felt, long and lean and with sharp hipbones jutting out of golden skin and six little abdominals with no fat covering them. "You think he's just staring at himself?" David asked and Chris rolled his eyes. "Of course he is. I mean, wouldn't you be curious too? Twenty years in a body you can't see and then you wake up and there it all is?" "I guess, but I mean like-"David stopped talking abruptly as Leo's door opened and he looked out of the room. "Seren went to go and get another doctor, just to double check on letting you out of here. Then she'll run her tests and then we'll be ok to abduct you and take you home," Chris explained and Leo shook his head. "No. I don't need another doctor, I'm fine. I need to go home," he said firmly. Seren returned as Leo began to argue with his twin and checked him over more thoroughly before getting the opinion of her colleague who agreed with her diagnosis. His recovery was nothing short of miraculous, and his sight was perfect. She'd done the impossible. Twice. "I'm so excited for you to see our house and all the pictures and oh my god, the stars! You can see the stars with us now!" "Chris, settle down would you? Some of us are hungover here," David grumbled, rubbing his forehead which had begun to pound with the mother of all headaches. "Maybe you should go home, get some sleep," Seren advised and David nodded, rubbing his face with one hand and yawning. "Yeah, you need to figure out how you're going to tell your parents about that nasty criminal record you're now boasting," Chris taunted. David looked clearly uncomfortable so Seren got between them as Leo looked on, confused by what was happening. "Look. Both of you. All the fighting has to stop, all the acting out has to stop. Drink-driving is a serious thing David, and I don't know what's gone on between you two to make you behave this way, but being suspended from the Academy should have meant more to you than it did. You need to stop provoking each other, and if you can't do that, then you need to stay away from each other, understand me?" she said sternly and David nodded. "And Chris, fighting? Really? Come on, what did Jim always say about fighting?" "To pick on someone your own size or not at all," Chris mumbled and Seren nodded. "Mhm. Now, humans? Really? Come on Chris, we all know how strong we are, particularly you. You shouldn't be fighting with humans half your strength, no matter what they say to-" "They insulted Jim!" "I don't care! It's against everything we've grown up with. David, go home, sleep off your hangover and get to kissing ass to sort out your suspension. The DUI I can't help you with, maybe you'll just get probation or something, I don't know how it works. Chris, come with me, we're going to take Leo home and make sure he settles in ok," she ordered and Leo laughed. "You're totally the parent now everyone is off-world." "Maybe," she said as everyone began to follow her orders, David walking away in the direction of his house, Chris leading Leo to the car as he looked around him, eyes trying to take in everything all at once. "Wait. What in the hell is that?" Leo asked as he looked up at a particularly large tree. "Tree," Chris said bluntly and Leo scowled at it. "Ah. My one true enemy. Fuck you tree! I'm no longer at your mercy!" he declared dramatically and Chris roared with laughter, Seren suppressing a giggle as the three of them clambered into the car. They got home and Leo stared at the house with wide, wonder-filled eyes, the exact same way he'd stared out of the car window for the whole drive back. "He's adorable. Look Ser, isn't he adorable? Can we keep him? Oh please can we keep him?" Chris joked as he watched his twin walk nervously up the driveway. "I… can't quite believe that it's real, that he can really see, and that he looks like he's going to be alright. I was so scared for a while that we might not be able to fix him," Seren said and Chris nodded. "You did great. Bones too." "Hey guys, I… will you come with me?" Leo whisper-yelled down the driveway. It was very early, only around five in the morning and the three of them did not want to wake their neighbours and cause any trouble. "Course we will," Seren smiled, taking a few steps closer to her younger brother and opening the front door of the house. "Welcome home," Chris grinned as he ordered on the hallway light and allowed Leo in first. He looked around nervously, trying to take it all in. "Blue," he said, pointing at the wall. "Hey you're getting the hang of this colour game already," Seren grinned and Leo took a deep, slow breath, his face scrunching up a little. "I… have a headache," he admitted and she frowned. "Probably just a little bit overwhelmed. Let's get you up to your room. Do you need to sleep?" she asked and he thought for a moment. "No. I think I just need to… take a minute off this whole 'seeing' business," he said slowly. "Not that I'm not grateful!" he added quickly and she smiled. "I understand. It's an awful lot for your brain to handle right now. Before you take your break, let me just show you one thing," she said, briefly going into the living room and pulling a picture frame off the wall. It held two images. The first was of Jim and Spock on the day of their human wedding. It was one of Seren's favourite pictures of her parents. They looked just so happy. Jim's eyes were crinkled around the edges as he grinned, and Spock's lips were quirked up in the corners, face relaxed and eyes warm and friendly as they looked at each other, not at the camera. The second image was of them as children, with the three McCoy's. The image had been taken whilst Jim and Spock were away on honeymoon, and they had stayed with Carol and Bones for a week, the first night all curling up together in Bones and Carol's kingsize bed and kicking the parents out to sleep elsewhere. Joanna was on the edge of the bed, David beside her, then Christopher, Leo, Emily and Seren. Half of them were asleep in the image, little faces relaxed, peaceful as they slept. Leo smiled as he looked at the pictures. "That's Jim, and Spock," Chris pointed to the two men in turn. "And there's Emily," he pointed out the small blonde in the picture of them as children. "So… that's Joanna?" Leo asked, using the process of elimination to work out the identity of the third girl in the image. "You got it. We were cute kids huh?" "Yeah I… we look the same here, so much the same," he muttered as he stared hard at the picture. "This is so weird," he breathed, closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. Seren and Christopher watched him with concern for a few moments until he opened his eyes again. "I think… I need to take a nap," he said finally and Seren nodded. Christopher didn't try to get Leo to talk to him as he walked up to his room with him, just helped him change into his pyjama's as he crashed out on the bed, pillow over his face. "I can still see stuff… in my mind… god how do you deal with all of this input all the time?" he asked and Chris shrugged. "You'll get used to it. We'll video-comm. Jim and Spock once we get word that Spock is all done. They'll be so pleased to see you awake and alright," Chris said, giving Leo's shoulder a reassuring squeeze. "Stay," Leo squeaked out and Chris hesitated for a minute. "Of course," he said, sitting on the edge of his twin's bed. "I'm… scared," Leo confessed and Chris carefully pried the pillow away from his face so he could look him in the eye. "What are you scared of?" he asked and Leo opened his eyes slowly. "Right now? Everything." Jim could feel the gentle hum of the ship around him, the soothing, barely there vibration of the warp core. He didn't know what was going on, but knew it must be serious for him and Spock to have been beamed aboard despite the fact they were occupied. And boy were they occupied. Jim hadn't had proper sleep in over two days, since Spock's Pon Farr began. He'd get little bits of rest in between rounds when Spock would take short breaks, but it wasn't enough. He was aching and sore and oversensitive, Spock not letting up on him even a little bit. He was grateful though that at least Spock was being relatively gentle with him. He was, so far, uninjured. Spock stirred beside him and Jim tensed reflexively. "I believe… the worst of the fever has been satiated," Spock said quietly. Jim looked at him carefully. "Really? Last time it took almost twice as long," he said, one hand absentmindedly beginning to play with Spock's hair, tangling in the strands. "I am… not as young as I was. Pon Farr is a primarily reproductive function. I am nearing the end of my most fertile years. A decline in the intensity of Pon Farr is natural and expected," he explained briefly. Jim always found it all too easy to forget that Spock was over fifty, and that he had only four years to go himself until his big half-century birthday. Jim stretched and winced, Spock wrapping his arms around him and placing a small, apologetic kiss on his temple. "We are aboard the Enterprise," Spock noticed aloud and Jim made a small sound of agreement. "Something serious must be going on for them to have beamed us up mid-fuck," Jim said with a small smirk as a green blush crept across Spock's face. He groaned as he stood up, still completely naked, and stretched out better, reaching his arms above his head and popping his shoulders comfortably, re-aligning his spine where it had been compressed by the various positions he had been contorted into over the past few days. "I… Jim your assistance in keeping me alive and helping me through the fever is once again most appreciated," Spock said stiffly and Jim sniggered as he headed for the bathroom, feeling in the most dire need of a shower. "Spock, I tell you this every time. I'm not going to let you die," Jim said firmly and Spock nodded once. "I understand Jim, however due to our recent-" "Spock. Shut up. I don't want to fight about this again right now, ok? I know we've been stressed lately. I know things are scary… and we still haven't fixed everything from when you were away, but please stop stressing about it? We need to get to the bridge," Jim said firmly and Spock swallowed. "Indeed," he said in monotone. "Jim. May I ask a personal query?" he asked as Jim turned to vanish into the bathroom. Jim sighed and leant back, out of the doorway, just his head and shoulders visible due to the angle. "Seeing as we've been married over fifteen years, yes, I guess you could ask me a personal query," Jim said snarkily. "Do you dislike me?" Spock asked and Jim rolled his eyes. "Spock, Jesus, you want to do this now?" "Yes. I feel this conversation is fully relevant. There are thoughts I encountered in your mind that suggest feelings of resentment towards myself and furthermore-" "I've been waiting almost twenty-one years for Leo to wake up and be able to see. You don't think I'm maybe a little worried that I might miss it?" Jim snapped and Spock sat up, sheets pooling around his waist as he stared hard at his bondmate. "You do not think I would be disappointed if I were to miss the same moment?" Spock asked and Jim shook his head. "I really don't want to do this now." Jim vanished into the bathroom and Spock pulled the sheets off his body, getting to his feet and following his husband into the bathroom before cornering him in the shower cubicle. "I do not know what you want from me, Jim. I have apologised on far more occasions than is logical. I have attempted to convey my regret at missing so many years away from you and away from-" Jim silenced Spock with a hard kiss, dragging him into the shower with him, the hot water raining down on them both. "You frustrate me," Jim growled, lips parting for just a moment before the kiss resumed with ferocious intensity. "You intrigue me," Spock countered, hands trailing down Jim's back, their foreheads resting together as Jim breathed heavily. "I sometimes feel like we barely know each other anymore," Jim breathed and Spock looked deeply into his eyes, sending waves of warmth across their bond. "We just need some time. Time to repair. Time to enjoy life together once again. I am certain that once Leo recovers and Christopher becomes more stable that we will have ample time to-"Spock is cut off as Jim slams their lips together once again, this time the kiss is enough to leave Spock breathless too. "Should we not report to the bridge?" Spock pants out as Jim pins him to the glass shower-cubicle wall. "One more round won't hurt anyone." "You are tired, you need to rest T'hy'la," Spock mumbled softly as he trailed kisses up to Jim's earlobe. Jim shivered and tried to decide if that was from Spock's ministrations or the strange chill that had just run up his spine, the source of which was unclear. Aboard the USS Intrepid Commander Pavel Chekov fought to retain control of the ship. Systems were failing, weapons were offline, as was the warp drive. "Broadcast emergency distress signal, all channels all frequencies," he ordered of his long-time friend and communications officer. Uhura swallowed the nervous lump in her throat and obeyed. "There are intruders now on deck seven sir," he was informed and he nodded in acknowledgment. "Any word from ze Keptin?" he asked and Uhura shook her head. "They're hailing us," she said suddenly, opening the frequency as Pavel stepped forwards. He had never grown to be a large man, but he stood up straight with his shoulders back and head up, using his best assertive body language. "Zis is Commander Pavel Andreivich Chekov, USS Intrepid. You are attacking a Federation vessel and-" he stopped talking abruptly as the visual side of the communication started to function from the other ship, the view-screen filling with the image of a half man-half machine hybrid. "You will be assimilated," a cold, mechanical voice rang out. "Assimilated?" Chekov repeated. The single, visible eye of the organism was dark as it stared at him, the other obscured by half a mechanical visor. "Resistance is futile." Emily buried her face further into her pillow as the strange tickling sensation irritated her foot once again. She kicked out and groaned as she heard her brother sniggering. "What?!" she growled, turning to look at him. "Morning sunshine!" he said cheerily and she groaned, rolling onto her back and clasping her hands over her face before glancing at the clock. "Morning?! You call this morning?! It isn't even fucking light outside!" she hissed, wrenching her foot away from where he was trying to continue tickling her. "I know. Just got some news for ya," he said chirpily and she groaned, rubbing at her throat with the heel of her hand. It was no longer painful, so she assumed all of the antibiotics she'd been shot with had finally worked and destroyed the infection. Her sleep had already been disrupted the previous night by their parents leaving late and then sending them a message with more information, and she was far from thrilled about being woken at the early hour. "Better be worth you waking me up at the ass-crack of dawn," she growled. "Leo's awake, walking, talking and can see," he said and she sat straight upright, not even caring that she was only wearing a tank top with no bra and her brother was in her room. "You're shitting me?" "No shit. He's at home, hospital let him go under Seren's watch. I think he's going to-" Emily bounded out of bed, snatching up a hooded sweatshirt from the back of her chair and pulling it on, brushing her hair tidy frantically with just her hands before shoving her brother out of her room. She pulled on a pair of well-worn grey jeans and slipped on her shoes, brushing her teeth on the way past the bathroom before hurrying down the stairs as David laughed at her from the top landing. "And he's all sexy and bed-headed and confused," David taunted and she glared. "Keep your hands off my Kirk, you've got your own," she said stroppily, storming out of the house and into the pre-dawn light. It took her less than ten minutes to walk to the Kirk residence, her lungs protesting a little bit to each sharp inhale of the cold air. She rang the door-chime only for Seren to open the door moments later, almost as though she was expecting her. "He's here, and can see," Seren confirmed before Emily could even open her mouth to ask. Emily flung herself at the part-Vulcan, pulling her into a tight embrace. "Thank you, thank you so much for making him better," she mumbled into her sinewy shoulder. "He's not completely better, but the hardest part is over," Seren said, awkwardly patting her on the back and then letting her go. "Before you go up there, I just need to do one thing," she said, beckoning for Emily to follow her into the lounge. Emily allowed the young doctor to take readings from her with a tricoder, waiting nervously to be given the all clear to go up and see Leo. "You're good. Just… go easy on him," Seren sighed and Emily was gone in a flash, sprinting for the stairs and taking them two at a time, not even bothering to rise to Seren's comment. She reached Leo's bedroom door and knocked lightly. He didn't answer. "Leo?" she asked, knocking again. There was still no response so she let herself into his room, finding his bed made and empty. She could hear the water running in the attached bathroom so sat on the edge of the bed and waited until she heard it shut off. "Hello?" he asked from inside his bathroom and she grinned. "Hey stranger, guess who?" The door slid open and she bit her bottom lip as he stepped into the room hesitantly, upper body glistening in water droplets and a white towel slung low around his slim hips. They stared at each other for a moment, speechless. "I… hi," he said nervously, one hand reaching up to scratch the back of his head, giving her a pleasant view of all his muscles flexing under golden skin as he moved. "Hi indeed," she retaliated, feeling a nervous jolt in her stomach as he took a few steps closer to her. "I've missed you. Sorry for my… y'know, nap," he said weakly and she smiled. "No problem. I was worried about you," she said shakily. He continued to stare at her, so hard she felt like she'd never been looked at before. The intensity on his face was enough to have her heart pounding in her ears as the world around them seemed to evaporate. "This is… different," he said softly as she stood up from his bed, taking a step towards him. "It is. You can uh… see me, right?" she asked and he nodded slightly. "Oh yes," he breathed, taking one final step towards her. She could see the water dripping from his hair down his face, a droplet just clinging to the bottom of his plush lower lip. Her eyes flicked down to it and then back up to meet his. "You're… really… um. Pretty?" he guessed and she giggled. "You're pretty pretty too," she smirked and he raised an eyebrow, glancing down at his near-naked body. "I uh… should probably find some clothes," he said awkwardly and she shrugged. "Aint botherin' me," she admitted and he shrugged. "Chris said that it's all about… this… part," he said, vaguely gesturing towards his abdominal area. She could see the sharp points of his hipbones just above his towel, and allowed her eyes to follow the lines of his torso up to his ribcage. "All of you is pretty great," she said quietly. "I feel so awkward," he admitted and she nodded. "Must be strange, seeing everything, after all these years. How do you feel?" she asked and he stepped one half a step closer to her, their bodies now almost touching. She could feel the warmth radiating off his bare skin. "Colour is… um. Too much, right now. I have a headache," he admitted and she frowned a little bit, worrying creeping up. She opened her mouth to speak but he interrupted her before she could ask. "Not that kind of headache. More like a 'oh holy shit you can see' headache. Not like before. Sorry. About that. For not telling you," he said nervously and she shook her head, reaching her hand out to tentatively take his, brushing the tips of their fingers together. He shivered at the touch, delving further into her eyes that were brown but not in the same way his were, looking at her pink, pouty lips that he just wanted to kiss over and over. "S'okay," she mumbled as he threaded his hand into her hair, heel of his hand settling on her cheekbone. "It isn't. I'm sorry Em. And I'm sorry for going into my trance when I did. We have so much to talk about and-" She silenced him, pressing her lips to his gently. He was surprised but kissed back, their lips just lightly brushing together. As she pulled back he moved forwards, hand tangling more tightly in her hair and other hand finding her lower back, pulling her close. His skin and towel were damp against her clothes and she didn't care. He broke the kiss, leaning his forehead against hers and chuckling softly. "I uh… need some clothes, okay?" he said, shifting back from her a little bit. She giggled and nodded, turning around so he could scramble into some clothes without her watching. "So, come spoon," he invited as he crawled onto his bed, flopping onto his back and groaning as he spread out like a starfish. "Really? You've been in bed for weeks, lazy bones," she teased as she curled up beside him, one arm draped across his chest. "I know, but I'm really drained. Taking a shower has taken like… so much energy. Plus, I owe you one whole night of post-sex spooning," he said and she smirked into his neck, looking up at him to see him grinning. He looked tired, but he was smiling and he could see her. At last. "You do. You also owe me an awkward conversation about that," she prompted and he groaned, curling away from her and making her laugh as he dramatically tried to hide his face under the blankets. "You're such a child Leo." "No." "Yes!" "No!" "Yes. You are." "Ok. Fine. Let's be serious for a second," he said, turning to face her and looking at her with that same piercing look in his eyes that made her instantly pay attention and stop goofing around. "I really like you, and I want you to be my girlfriend. What we did… I… can't imagine doing that with anyone else. I felt this amazing… connection and I-" he stopped as he shifted forwards, their lips meeting again in a slightly more needy kiss. "So. Will you? Be my uh… girlfriend that is? Like… exclusively?" he asked and she laughed, causing his eyes to widen slightly in surprise. "You felt the need to ask?" "Well It's polite… I mean I-" She cut him off this time, more kisses being shared as she pressed her body up against his, as close as they could get. "Mmmm I'm tired. Don't think I could do anything like that right now," he mumbled and she stroked the back of his hand with her thumb. "Don't want to. Just wanna be close to you," she said softly. He smiled and kissed her neck, nuzzling his face into her hair. "Want to sleep all day here with me?" he asked and she wriggled a little, getting comfortable. "That'd be great." "If I wake up first, do I have permission to just stare at you because you're amazing?" he asked and she sighed, feeling herself blush pink. "Ok. Creep." "Been waiting a while to see you, and now that I can I'm so sleepy I can barely focus," he whined and she smiled again, her cheeks beginning to hurt from the constant grin. "I'll still be here when you wake up, I promise," she said softly as he wrapped his arms more tightly around her, his face nuzzling into her neck. "Yeah you will, I'm not letting you go," he mumbled, kissing her ear and giving her a small squeeze. Leo felt uneasy, like something was going on, something bigger than he could comprehend at that moment. He was exhausted, just a few hours awake and being able to see had worn him down to the point where he needed to sleep again. He focused on the smell of Emily's hair and the soft texture of it against her face as he forced himself to rest, knowing it was vitally important he listen to his body if he was to make a proper recovery. A/N Here's a great big pile of sorries for you: 1. Sorry this is late. 2. Sorry if it's full of errors, I will be proof-reading tomorrow, just wanted to get it posted for now. 3. Sorry if it kinda sucks... I've had writer's block over some of the scenes in this chapter. I'm not completely happy with some of them still, but there's not a lot I can do. I'll be honest with you guys, I'm really unwell at the moment. I've been having pretty much constant migraine headaches which I am struggling to control, even with medication (because I find all that does is make me fall asleep, ugh.) I'm going to keep going for the one update a week though, but anyone who's ever dealt with persistent headaches will understand how much of a challenge it is to function around. Anyway, enough about that! A couple of people have guessed what's going on out in space, and yes, Borg! Nasty, nasty Borg. More on them in the next chapter... but yeah. I woke Leo up. I missed that guy! He kind of brings the lightheartedness and the story has been lacking in that lately. So, now I'm going to ask a favour because I'm all miserable a headachey and feeling incredibly sorry for myself. Leave me a review? Even if just to guess what you think is coming next. Thank you from the bottom of my heart to everyone who has reviewed in the past, and in advance if you leave a review after reading this part :)
A/N Hi all, very sorry this has taken so long, I've been quite seriously unwell. Situation is improving now though, thankfully. But yes. That, then Christmas and all that kind of made this take a long time to get written. I hate this chapter. I've written and re-written and edited obsessively, and I'll never do it justice (and I haven't checked for typo's yet, i'll do that tomorrow) It's the biggest chapter of the story, and it's been coming since the beginning. I'm sorry... in advance. Warnings for this chapter are for the following: violence, vaguely menacing Borg, gore, and character death. Chapter Nineteen "So, we have Mr. Tucker over here at the helm," Bones informed him as Jim tried his best to look interested. "Tucker huh, as in Charles 'Trip' Tucker?" Jim asked and the young man stood to face him, standing to attention due to Jim's rank. Jim laughed, telling him to relax and the young man nodded and relaxed slightly but not entirely. "Yes Sir. He's my grandfather." "So… Quinn as in… like quintet, like five? Charles Tucker the fifth?" Jim asked and he smiled. "Yes Sir, you got it." "You're like a damn detective Jim. I been sittin' up here with him two days and didn't put that together," Bones grumbled and Jim smiled a little at him. The Doctor was still looking at him suspiciously, almost as if he still didn't believe it when Jim had told him he was unharmed after Spock's Pon Farr. "Admiral Archer always talks very highly of your grandfather," Jim said, doing his best to come across as warm and friendly though he felt like being anything but. The guy seemed nice enough, but all he could think about was Leo. "He was a great man. Wish I'd have got to spend more time with him," he said and Jim nodded. "I met him once, back when I was younger. I didn't know who he was at the time, but we had a little conversation. Your father… Charles the fourth, was never in Starfleet?" Jim asked and the helmsman shrugged. "We no longer speak, Sir," he said and Jim tried to look sympathetic. "You can relax kid, no need for Sir. Just 'Kirk' is fine… you know. Jim is fine, you can call me Jim," he said and Bones leant in close to his ear. "Forgetting your rank here Jim? Commodore is a lot more intimidatin' for these young things than Captain," he murmured. "Sir… really I would feel more comfortable addressin' you properly," he said in a southern accent so strong that it almost put Bones' to shame. "Whatever makes you most comfortable Ensign. As you were," Jim instructed as he began to slowly walk back over to the Captain's chair, Bones beside him. "Are you sure you're alright?" the Doctor pressed again and Jim sighed. "I'm fine. He wasn't like before. He said something about how it gets less intense each time he experiences it, so the earlier ones were the worst and now they're winding down. Anyway, seven years until I have to think about it again," Jim shrugged, crossing to his chair and sitting down, patting the armrests fondly. "How far out from their last known position?" Jim asked and another young Ensign scrambled to report to him. Bones sighed and shook his head, turning to leave the room. "Well. Seeing as you're back, I'm gonna go down to sickbay where I belong," he said and Jim gave a small nod, turning back to speak with the Ensign. Bones crossed the bridge and over to the turbo-lift, pressing the button for the doors to open and waiting a moment. When the doors did open he was met with the sight of his eldest daughter in full uniform, reporting to the bridge for duty at the communication's station. He gave her a small, proud smile as she passed and their eyes met, but said nothing as he didn't want to embarrass her. Bones paused before stepping into the lift as he heard the warning they were about to drop out of warp. Gasps filled the bridge as the ship came to a halt and the viewscreen stabilised. Jim stared at what was before him. The Intrepid was docked with a ship unlike any he'd ever seen before. It was over twice the size of the Intrepid, and shaped like a cube. The outer skin was not smooth like the Enterprise, but a complicated and intricate mass, looking almost like a circuit board. "Hail the other ship," Jim ordered and Joanna immediately rushed to the station, opening a channel. "This is Commodore James T. Kirk of the USS Enterprise. You are hereby ordered to stand down and-" Jim was cut off by a mechanical voice. "We are the Borg. Your biological and technological distinctiveness will be added to our own. Resistance is futile." Jim frowned and got up from his chair. Bones crossed the room to stand near to him, ignoring going to sickbay. This ship was certainly a threat, and the Intrepid was certainly in trouble, even though it looked undamaged from the outside. "You're leaving me no choice but to deem this an attack and to-" The ship rocked slightly and Jim stopped speaking. "They fired on us Sir, shields holding," Tucker reported and Jim nodded. "Fire back." Spock entered the bridge and opened his mouth to ask and Bones interrupted him immediately. "They're calling themselves the borg. Whatever that means. Took one shot at us but nothing serious. Jim's trying to talk to them," he explained and Spock nodded once, straightening his tri-banded blue jersey and then clasping his hands neatly behind his back. "Scan their ship, Intrepid too," Jim commanded. Joanna was listening intently to something and immediately stood up. "Jim. I… Commodore. Sir. Sorry. I've picked up a transmission, it's the Intrepid's automated distress signal," she said and Jim looked back at the enemy ship. "I'm going to give you one chance to explain yourselves, desist your actions, and release your docking with that ship," he warned and a strangely distorted face obscured the viewscreen as they returned the visual side of the comm. transmission. "Shit," Jim muttered as the creature looked at them. One eye had been replaced with a cybernetic implant, the remaining eye black and piercing. The organism's skin was grey, and they had no hair, no discernable gender. They appeared almost humanoid, almost as if they were half human, half machine. He motioned for Joanna to end the transmission and she did, cutting them off. "Scans indicate strange bio-readings aboard both ships Sir, we're picking up most of the Intrepid's crew accounted for, but some have had their bio-signatures altered." Jim sprang into action. "Bones, get to sickbay, stand by to receive crew members that have been affected by whatever the hell is going on here. Joanna, stay where you are, you hear anything from Intrepid you contact me right away. Tucker, declare a tactical alert and hold this position, if they become aggressive use whatever force necessary but avoid harming Intrepid. We need to get them out of there," Jim ordered. Spock looked at him carefully and Jim glanced away before turning to him. "Spock, take the conn, I'm going to lead the away team," he said and Spock immediately began to object. "Jim I-" "Captain. Take the conn. That's an order," Jim said firmly as he strode towards the turbo-lift doors. "The away team to do what, precisely?" Spock asked coolly and Jim tensed. "I'm sorry, are you forgetting the part where I don't have to justify my actions or decisions to you?" Jim demanded and Spock held his ground. "I am merely suggesting that not only as second in command of this vessel, and as your husband and bondmate that you might listen to my input and-" "Spock. Not now! I'll pull rank if I really need to, but you need to stay here. You know my orders. Hold this position, keep us far enough away from them, monitor the situation. I'm going over there." Spock held Jim's gaze for a moment, the blue in his eyes burning more brightly than he had seen for a long time. Jim's face was set and determined, fists slightly clenched, shoulders tense. He could pull rank and really order Spock to stay, if he wanted to. Spock decided it was best not to argue and answered in a flat tone. "Yes Sir." "Leo, you'd better be wearing pants under there," Christopher warned as he barged into his twin's bedroom without knocking, finding him and Emily curled up in bed together. Leo's shoulders were visible and bare, his arms wrapped tightly around Emily who was laying in front of him with her back to him. "I am," he mumbled sleepily. "Knock much?" Emily asked and Chris shook his head. "Never." "Yeah he really does do this all the time. Like… the worst was the time he walked in when I was-" "Jerking off?" Chris finished helpfully and Leo blushed, Emily smirked. "I was going to say something else. But yes. That time was also particularly awkward," Leo muttered, tightening his grip around Emily a little bit. "Ah don't be shy about it Leo, I've done the same when we used to share a room," he teased and Leo looked horrified. "When?!" "When we shared a room! Normally more than once a night too. You really are a heavy sleeper, I mean, I was like three feet away from you and really, really going for it." The look of comedic disgust on Leo's face made Christopher crack up laughing and drop the act. "No. I didn't. But the look on your face is priceless right now!" Leo sighed and Emily closed her eyes again, hoping Chris would take the hint and leave them alone. "Come on, get up, we've got important stuff to see!" Chris nagged and Leo groaned loudly, scratching his head and messing up his hair. "Chris, leave us alone," Emily whined, curling closer to Leo and wrapping her arms around him tightly, burying her face into his shoulder. "Yeah get out of here, asshole," Leo grumbled. "Leo come on! Almost twenty-one years I've been waiting for you to see, and now that you can all you want to do is lay in bed!" "Maybe the only thing I want to see right now is right here with me," he countered and Emily felt her face grow warm. Chris smirked and crossed his arms over his chest. "Oh I see how it is. You're gonna try and get laid, so you don't want to hangout with your brother if there's sex as an alternative option," Chris said and Leo sighed. "If it makes you leave, then yes, get out, we want to have all the sex," he said flatly and Emily giggled. "You need one of these," Chris said, whipping his wallet out of his back pocket and throwing a small foil packet at his twin. He picked it up and looked at it, turning it over and over in his fingers before starting to feel it through the packaging. "It's… squidgy," he said curiously and Chris snorted with laughter. "Emily I'm hoping you know how one of those works, because I'm not sticking around to show you guys," Chris teased and Emily glared. "Chris, get out!" Leo ordered and the older twin finally took the hint and left the room. "Finally," Leo sighed, scooting a little closer to Emily and wrapping her up tightly in his arms, kissing her neck gently, trailing up her jaw and then across to her lips. They kissed for a few moments before Emily pulled away, looking at him carefully as she got ready to ask her question. "Did you mean that? About me being the only thing you want to see?" He blinked and smiled, placing a small kiss on the end of her nose. "The main thing right now, yeah. I mean of course there's lots for me to learn and-" Leo stopped speaking abruptly, both hands rushing to his forehead. He didn't look in pain, just deep in concentration. After a few seconds his eyes snapped open and he leapt out of bed. Emily followed him as he rushed downstairs, completely confused and concerned. "Did you guys just feel the-"he began to ask as he neared the bottom of the stairs. Seren came around the corner quickly, face pale and panicked, one hand still on the side of her face and the pad of her index finger pressed to her temple as she tried to focus. "Parental bond," he finished slowly. "Guys… I feel… weird," Christopher trailed off as he walked into the hallway. "That's a distress… panic… I feel all…" Leo failed to verbalise and Seren nodded in understanding. "They're in big trouble out there," Seren said quietly, closing her eyes and trying to focus again. "What was it? Something from Spock? Did you see something?" Emily asked urgently and Seren shook her head. "We can't share visuals without melding or being properly bonded. Technically speaking our parental bonds with Spock and Jim have been dormant for years but that was… blind fear. Sent out to all of us, and probably subconsciously too… so more than likely from Jim as he's never been a hundred percent on shielding strong emotions," she said. Chris was nodding, Leo looked tense and on-edge. "So what do we do?" "See if there's been a distress signal? Contact Starfleet?" Emily suggested and Chris nodded. "None of us are in Starfleet to do that," Leo pointed out. Chris was on thin ice as a cadet, and walking in demanding if there had been a distress signal from Enterprise would probably get them no answers. "What about Molly Scott? She can hack anything," Christopher suggested and Seren looked at her brothers for a few moments. "She's a child. We can't expect her to-"Seren fell silent again as a fresh wave of fear crashed through the three of them. Christopher visibly shuddered. "Something really fucking bad is happening, and I don't like it one bit," Leo said, backing up so his back was flat against the wall and he could see the whole room, eyes darting around quickly. "I'm going to comm. Molly and see if-" Chris stopped speaking as his communicator began to sound in his pocket. "I hacked somethin' I shouldn't have been hackin' and I heard somethin' I shouldn't have heard!" Molly's scared voice rang out as Chris flipped open his comm. "What's going on out there?" Seren asked quickly. "Enterprise is in trouble. Jim's led an away team onto an enemy ship, Spock has called Starfleet for backup and they're mobilising a fleet to-" A recorded message began playing into the house, coming from a source they couldn't immediately locate. Christopher stormed off in the direction of the sound and called his siblings urgently into the lounge. Emily followed and watched as Chris traced the edge of the room, listening for the source of the sound until he paused near a vent. "Molly, I'll call you straight back," Chris said quickly, cutting off the comm. and looking carefully at the vent. It was repeating the same message, over and over, recorded by Jim's own voice. Enterprise distress signal has been activated. "What do you think he's-" Leo began and Chris pulled at the vent, slowly removing it from the wall before reaching inside and pulling out a small silver device that was making the sound. He pressed the one, circular button on the top of it and placed it on the floor as it stopped speaking, a hologram of Jim appearing instantly. I've set this up so that if Spock and I are ever both aboard the Enterprise and the distress signal is triggered, this message should begin to play. Seren and Christopher exchanged a glance. Emily watched the three siblings taking in the message carefully. I hope to god it isn't the case, but if the planet is in immediate danger you need to go up to my room and open the closet, throw everything out and find the panel in the back. The code to it is your birthdates, in order. In there you'll find everything you need. Get yourselves ready, then go get the McCoy's and stick together. Stick with David, he's involved in something that might be able to keep you three safe. Call Archer, he'll tell you the rest. If the planet isn't in danger, stay put, stay together and stay safe. The hologram disappeared and Chris hurried towards the stairs. "Chris, the planet isn't in danger," Seren protested. "We don't actually know that for sure," Leo pointed out. "Yeah. Molly said they're scrambling a fleet, so anything could be happening out there. What if whatever it is is coming right at us?" Chris called back after himself as he started to ascend the stairs. "I don't agree with this," Seren warned as Leo followed his brother. She followed them, Emily behind her, and found the twins in Jim and Spock's bedroom, contents of the closet thrown all over the floor as they emptied it and located the code panel at the back. Chris jabbed in a few familiar numbers and the back of the wardrobe slid open, causing him to smirk and Seren to gasp. "He knew this would happen one day," he said as he picked up the items that were sitting in the concealed panel. A plain black Starfleet uniform for each of them, as well as a small box containing three silver phase pistols. "He was training us. Everything he ever taught us… he was showing us how to prepare for something like this," Seren said slowly as she picked up a phase pistol and weighed it in her hands. Leo picked up one of the uniforms and looked at it. "Did he know I was going to be able to see?" he asked and Chris shrugged. "I don't know. He probably thought best to be prepared for it just in case. Now suit up, we're going to get out there and-" "Chris are you serious?! You three don't know anything about space, hell, where are you going to get a ship?!" Emily blurted out. "She has a point Chris… what are we meant to do? Starfleet will handle whatever situation is going on, I'm sure," Leo said, sounding anything but confident. The four of them stood in silence for a few moments until Chris broke the tension. "Well. You two do whatever you want, but I'm going to go put this uniform on and go help get Jim and Spock back," he said firmly, leaving the room and going down the hallway to his own. The eerie silence now echoing through the parental bond in the space of the rush of fear was certainly more unnerving than the fear itself had been. Leo looked at Emily who nodded in understanding. "I know you want to follow him. I don't think you should," she said and he took a step closer to her. "Noted." He gave her a small peck on the cheek and left the room, also going to change. "They're going to get themselves killed," Seren grumbled. "Then go with them and make sure they don't," Emily said, causing the part-Vulcan to nod, stand up straight and also march from the room. It took less than half an hour for Leo, Christopher and Seren to have changed, got themselves ready, acquired the location of the Enterprise and Intrepid, and collect Molly Scott from her house as well as dropping Emily off at her own. "So… what's the plan?" Molly asked as she sat in the back of the car with Leo, who was staring out of the window with complete fascination at everything around them. "Archer," Chris grunted. He didn't explain until they reached a vast Starfleet facility near the outskirts of the city. It was a much more utilitarian facility than the ultra-modern HQ in the city-centre. Ships were built and technology was tested and developed there. Dr Carol McCoy was the head of the development team at the site, and she and Jim often disappeared behind closed doors for extended conversations "Admiral Archer, Sir, it's Leo. Kirk. We're uh… we need your help," Leo said as soon as Archer answered the incoming transmission. He was silent for a second before answering. "Enterprise has gone silent. You guys shouldn't hang around," he said and Leo nodded. Archer was obviously already aware of what was happening, privy to more information than the children had at their disposal. "Yes sir. We… just aren't really sure what to do," he admitted and the ex Admiral replied immediately this time. "Well you shouldn't be doing anything! You should be at home. Not too long ago you were a very sickly young man and I don't think that Jim and Spock would want-" "With all due respect, Admiral, I have to be a part of this," Leo interrupted and Archer was silent for a few moments. "You three do exactly as I say," he ordered and Chris glanced at his two siblings. Seren looked apprehensive, Leo looked determined. "Yes sir," he said obediently, and Archer began to explain. Despite his retirement, Archer still held a large amount of influence at Starfleet. Enough of an influence to have David's academic suspension lifted so he could be called with the rest of his squadron. They didn't yet have a name, but due to the colour of their uniforms, were being called the 'Reds' around HQ. Despite his natural abilities as a pilot, David was the least skilled of the four, and had partially only been accepted due to the fact his Mother had been the one to develop the ships. The four young men were part of a new program, small, fighter type ships that could be utilised if necessary. Archer deemed them absolutely necessary. He beamed in from Iowa, looking every day of his nearly ninety years. Orders spilled from his lips calmly, collectedly, proving to anyone watching why he was the best head of Starfleet there had ever been, and that until the day he died, he would never truly retire. "You four, here," he grunted and the three Kirk's and Molly stood before him. "You're a child, can't go," he said sternly to Molly who immediately opened her mouth to protest. "Sir. All due respect, but she's the most useful one of us," Christopher said and Archer looked at him. "You have to stop doubting yourself boy, you've got plenty of uses, you just have never had to find them before. Scott, if you go and get yourself killed, your parents will never forgive me," he said and Molly nodded, dark eyes serious and face set. "Yes sir, understood," she nodded and he sighed. "Fine. Now you four need to get to hangar nineteen-alpha, there's a prototype ship there, fastest thing we've ever built. I could tell you not to go. I could order you not to go, but I know it's damn well pointless to do so. So get to the hangar, pronto! McCoy will be there waiting for you with the rest of the Red's and-" "I thought David was suspended?" Leo pointed out and Archer glared at him in a way that made him shut up immediately. It took him a moment to fully realise that Archer was very much in Admiral mode, and not their pseudo-grandfather anymore. "Sorry sir," Leo said quickly, standing up a little straighter. "You probably shouldn't go either, kid," he said and Leo looked at the floor. "Probably not, sir, but if everyone missed out on the things they probably shouldn't have done, I don't think any of us would be here," he said and Archer gave the faintest hint of a smile. "God speed, and stay safe," he said, stepping back. The rest of the fleet had already left, the facility strangely quiet as the four of them hurried down the long corridor. Leo was nervous, and still able to feel fear that didn't belong to him seeping through the parental bond in waves. Sometimes it would be silent, other times, suffocating. It drove him onwards. Being able to see felt so natural, and combined with his memories of the vast building from all the time he had spent there over the years with Jim, he didn't feel at all lost. What he did feel was guilty. Emily had made it clear that she thought he was doing something stupid. He'd stubbornly told her they'd talk about it when he got back. "This is it," Seren said as they reached a door on the right hand side marked with '19-A'. Using the access code Archer had given them, Christopher let them into the vast room. Leo mumbled a few awed words at the sheer size of the room, large enough to contain the ship that had yet to even make it's official maiden voyage. The ship was far smaller than the Enterprise, designed to be manned by a crew of as few as five should there be demand for it. It was a similar shape to the Enterprise, though more streamlined, thinner, but with four small docking ports that held the four small fighter-ships. "No way, not Molly and Leo," David's voice echoed out across the room. "Molly and Leo have both made up their own minds," Christopher said coolly and David frowned, straightening his dark grey jumpsuit. The red bands around the collar and sleeve-cuffs caught Leo's eye. "Why do I get the feeling Archer has broken every rule that exists by giving us this ship?" Molly asked and Seren glanced around. "He probably has. I haven't seen any other officers around. It probably isn't authorised," she said and David scowled at her. "So don't come," he said and she glared back. "You might need a doctor," she objected and he folded his arms across his chest. "So come," he said simply, turning his back and walking back towards the ship. "I have a bad feeling about this," Leo muttered to Molly as they followed, heading towards the ship to head out and assist their parents. Spock held his breath as he awaited the confirmation. He could feel the beating of his own heart inside his lower ribcage, hypersensitive to every tiny movement of his body, his breathing, the slight perspiration on his palms. Kirk to Enterprise. We've successfully docked with the Intrepid. Boarding now. Spock slowly allowed his held breath to escape, slowly enough that nobody around noticed. "Acknowledged," he said flatly. He didn't want to argue with Jim any further. He wasn't going to push it. Because I can tell you're just dying to ask Spock… the plan here is to assess the damage, if any, to Intrepid. Locate Sulu, as he's not accounted for, and try to establish contact with the hostiles. Try to negotiate a way to- The transmission cut off and Spock looked immediately to Joanna who tapped frantically at the comm. panel. "Comms are down Sir, something is jamming all frequencies," she said quickly. Spock jabbed the button on the armrest of the chair for the internal comm. system. "Mr Scott. We are experiencing issues with our comm. system. Are you able to divert all attention to re-establishing communication with shuttle one?" There was a moment of silence before Scotty replied. "Aye sir, on my way up to you now." Tucker stood up from the helm, handing control off to another Ensign standing by. "Let me get this panel off and get a look," he said, stepping over to Joanna who looked at him strangely. "It's an external jamming signal," she said with a raised eyebrow. "I know that, but that don't mean we aint able to adjust our signal to get around it," he said, looking down at the floor as he spoke. Bones had noticed that about him. He was shy, clearly lacking in self-confidence despite being a very competent junior officer. "Where are you from?" she asked, noticing his strong southern USA accent. "Florida, Ma'am," he said as he began to remove the panel. Bones stood with his arms folded near to Spock's chair, watching his daughter interact with the young helmsman and Spock silently fretting over having lost communication with Jim. "They'll get the away team back online," he said and Spock gave a small nod. Spock? We're fine. Comms went down as soon as we docked. Intrepid's systems are all to shit. Something really weird is going on over here. I need to get to the bridge to figure out just what. Spock tensed as Jim used their bond to communicate his message. "Jim has just informed me that they are unharmed and the comm. disturbance has been caused by the enemy ship interfering with systems aboard the Intrepid." The Doctor walked towards the viewscreen, looking out at the interlocked ships and frowning. "Assimilated. They're tryin' to what, steal technology? Seems a little redundant as their ship is clearly more advanced than-" He was cut off as the comm. panel sprang back to life, a burst of static shattering the quiet of the bridge. "Sorry," said Quinn, quickly getting the static interference under control and the system back online. "Thought you were a pilot?" Joanna asked suspiciously as she attempted to regain the lost connection to the away team. "I know a trick or two," he shrugged as he headed back to the helm. Even in the intensity of the unfolding situation, Joanna couldn't help but smirk, and her father couldn't help but notice. Jim found himself separated from the rest of the away team very quickly. "Kirk to Enterprise. Did you get a lock on Sulu's bio-signature yet?" he asked into his comm. The section of the ship was eerily quiet compared to just a few moments ago when they had encountered a small number of hostiles. "It's unclear. The reading is weak, and coming from Engineering, near to the shuttle bays," Joanna responded and Jim glanced up and down the corridor. "Understood. I'm going for Sulu, then the bridge. Kirk out." He did his best to suppress the fear in his mind, knowing full well that Seren, Leo and Christopher would be able to sense it if he let it overcome him. Their parental bonds had never been broken, just allowed to go dormant through lack of use. Jim had always found his bond with Leo particularly strong, sometimes almost as though they each knew what the other was thinking. "Kirk to bridge. Commander Chekov, everyone alright up there?" he asked into a comm. panel on the wall. There was a moments hesitation before a response. "Yes Kepti-Commodore. Yes, Commodore. Systems hawe been modified sir, zey were doing somezing to ze ship," he responded and Jim frowned, glancing up and down the silent corridor again. "You got sensors? How many of those bastards are still on board?" Jim asked and there was another moment of hesitation. "Unknown sir. Use caution, zere are reports zat weapons fire is ineffectiwe after a few shots," he warned and Jim weighed his phase pistol in his hand, tightening and loosening his grip experimentally. "Noted. I'm going to make my way towards Engineering, figure out what the hell is going on here, then get back to the bridge. Enterprise is ready to assist," he said quickly before beginning to stride purposefully along the corridor. He made no effort to keep his footsteps quiet, but did avoid the turbo-lift, instead opting for the backup ladder access shafts that provided access to the other decks. If systems had been modified, the lifts could be unsafe. He rounded the final corner and was knocked right off his feet by a blow to the ribcage, sending him crashing back onto the floor. He raised his weapon to fire at the attacker, fear spiking in his mind as his eyes locked onto the grey, emotionless face and bionic implant instead of an eye. He pulled the trigger once, twice. The Borg stumbled slightly but did not fall. Jim took the half-second opportunity and stumbled to his feet, ramping up the power on his phaser to maximum and taking another shot, this time finally rendering the creature unconscious. He breathed heavily for a moment, one hand running over his ribcage to assess the damage. Sore in the morning certainly, but nothing broken he decided. "What the hell are you?" Jim mumbled as he nudged the fallen Borg with one boot. He took a final glance around the corner and upon deciding there was nobody else around, headed for the access shaft to get to Engineering. Seren, Christopher and Leo flinched as the felt a particularly potent rush of fear into their minds, adrenaline beginning to flow and leaving them all restless. "I can make us go faster," Leo piped up. It was incredibly tense on the bridge. David had immediately declared himself Captain, and had sat in the chair with such a natural air of authority that nobody dared argue with him. Seren had put two and two together and realised that the three other young men who made up the rest of David's squadron were the three that Christopher had argued with, hence the largest possible physical distance being maintained between them. "How?" Molly asked, looking up from where she was tampering with one of the panels. "Like this," Leo said simply, picking up a PADD and screwing his eyes tightly shut. He wrote neatly, complex equations that made Christopher's eyes hurt just to follow them and Molly's face to light up in an enormous grin. "Does my dad know you can do this?" she asked and he shook his head, pausing his frantic writing for a moment. "No. I'm pretty sure it's dangerous," he said as he finished the complex writing. "And breaks a lot of rules. I love it!" she declared gleefully. Chris was frowning as he tried to understand exactly what Leo had written. "Wait… does this… say what I think…" "It states that we can maintain this current level of warp, and then use the transporter field to make an enormous jump. We could reach our destination in minutes if it was to work," Seren said incredulously. "Leo… how long have you been able to do this?" she asked as Leo continued to add to his equations. "Since… since I don't know. Last year? When I built the portable transporter, the pocket size one. I was doing some workings out and accidentally stumbled across it… manipulated Scotty's equation slightly in order to allow an object travelling at warp to be beamed, instead of an object being beamed onto a ship travelling at warp," he explained quickly. David looked up. "Are you suggesting we actually do it?" he asked. "He's suggesting your parents are out there just the same as ours, and if you could feel the fear coming off them like we can, you'd want to do anything you could to cut off the two-day flight out there," Christopher argued. "Molly, is it even possible?" Seren asked and Molly's brown eyes traced over the writing, again and again. "Jesus… Leo, you know you've just like… trumped every piece of work my father has ever done? Outdone him a million times over if this works?" Molly asked and Leo shrugged, bouncing nervously on the balls of his feet. "Theoretically, yes, it can be done. I'll need to modify the transporter, Leo can help if I talk him through what he's looking at," Molly said and Leo shook his head quickly. "No. No, I can just close my eyes, feel," he insisted. Seren looked at him closely. He'd been able to see and out of bed for under twenty-four hours. Already he was behaving as if he'd been able to see his entire life, as if nothing he was seeing was anything out of the ordinary for him. "How fast?" David asked and Molly reviewed the PADD again. "We'll be there in under four minutes," Leo said quickly and Chris and David glanced at each other. "Do it. Leo and Molly, get it done," he said, sitting up straight in the Captains chair. "And what are we going to do when we get there?" Seren asked. "Easy. Four of us Red's will man our ships, do as much damage to the enemy ship as possible. You four get on board Intrepid or Enterprise, whichever needs the most help, and start killing bad guys," he said and Seren closed her eyes momentarily. "You know none of this is really that simple," she said and David leant back a little bit into the chair. "It should be," he said firmly. "David you're being kind of reckless," Leo pointed out and David scowled. "Says the person suggesting we use an untested theoretical equation to manipulate the transporter device and fling this ship halfway across the galaxy?" Leo shrugged, a tiny confident smile playing on his lips as he and Molly began to head for Engineering. "I hope you know what you're doing," Chris said in a low voice to David who stood up from the chair. "Hope you know what you're doing. You're going to be Captain now. I'm going to prep for launch," he said, meeting Christopher's eyes for only a second before walking away. Before he could stop himself, Chris sent a clear message across their bond and David paused momentarily as he received it. Be careful out there. David glanced back and gave a small nod, before hurrying from the room. A burst of static on the bridge startled everyone, but not as much as the words that followed it. This is Kirk, need immediate beam-out! I've got Sulu, and something is wrong with him. I need a medical team standing by. Spock executed the orders instantly, relieved when informed by the officer in the transporter room that Jim was safely back aboard with Sulu. "Doctor McCoy, report to sickbay and assess the condition of Captain Sulu," Spock ordered as Bones hurried from the bridge. "Like you needed to even order me," he grumbled as he got into the turbo-lift. He hurried along the corridor once the doors opened on the correct deck, making his way to the transporter room. Jim was supporting Sulu who looked very ill. His skin was greying and his face contorted in pain. "Hand him over, I got him," McCoy said quickly and Jim helped him with the man as they began to help him to sickbay. "What the hell happened to him?" "I have no idea, I found him like that… just laying on the floor down by Engineering. They're doing something to the ship… modifying systems and changing things, it's bizarre. And they aren't friendly," Jim added. "They don't seem it," McCoy grumbled as they neared sickbay. Jim stepped back as the doctor began to work. "Bones, patch him up, okay? I need to get back over there and-" Jim stopped talking immediately as he heard the unmistakable sound of weapons fire coming from a distant part of the ship. "Go," the doctor ordered and Jim was gone, sprinting towards the bridge as fast as his legs would carry him, heart pounding in his ears. "Status report!" he ordered as soon as he reached the bridge where Spock was in control of the situation. "We've been fired upon by the enemy ship, warp capability has been knocked out," Tucker responded quickly. "Fire back, target their-" Jim stopped speaking as a ship dropped out of warp near to the enemy ship, immediately opening fire on it. There was a few seconds of silence as everyone on the bridge watched as the small ship dived dramatically towards the enemy, firing heavily on the ship but seeming to cause no damage. Four small pod detached from the ship and entered a formation, adding to the firepower bombarding the Borg ship now from all angles. "Open a channel!" Jim ordered and Joanna nodded, immediately hailing the ship that he had recognised a few seconds prior. Spock met his eyes and Jim knew he had also realised. "Unidentified federation vessel, this is Commodore James T. Kirk of the USS. Enterprise, you are hereby ordered to stand down and-" "Stand down my ass," came Molly Scott's voice through the comm. system. "Molly?!" Jim hissed. "Just stay still you guys, we got this," she said determinedly. "Molly there is no requirement of you or anyone else aboard that ship to have put yourselves in danger. You should immediately-" Spock stopped speaking as one of the small fighter ships was hit and exploded in a ball of flame. "Joanna hail the smaller ships," Jim ordered and she immediately began trying to open communication links with the three remaining ships. "Can't," she said blankly as the message wouldn't patch through. "Scan those ships, I want to know who's aboard them," Jim said, doing his best to keep the fear from creeping into his voice as he fought against what he already knew to be true. He hadn't shielded his own fear of what was happening from being passed on through the parental bonds and into his children. And now they were in danger. Jim scrambled for the comm. button and jabbed it, re-establishing the connection to the bridge of the other ship. "Dad?" Leo's face swam into view. "Leo. God damn it! I don't know how the hell you got out here, or what the hell you think you're doing, but you need to get away from here right now," Jim warned. Leo frowned. "We could tell… we could feel the… you were scared? We came to save you," he finished weakly and Jim caught Spock's eyes for a moment. I'm so proud of them. "Intruders have beamed aboard, decks six, seven, nine and twelve," Tucker warned and Jim looked back at Leo again for a moment. "Leo. Leave, now," Jim ordered. Christopher appeared beside his twin, both of them giving him the same, identical look of utter determination. "We're not going anywhere," they said in unison as the communication shut off and the bridge was plunged into near-darkness. "Power systems are being altered, Sir," Tucker warned. "Go to red alert," Jim said quickly. "We need help," Joanna said nervously. "Given our current location it can only be assumed that the nearest Federation vessel able to assist is-" "I know Spock, a long way away, there's nobody out here," Jim snapped. "I have to go, I have to fight them off," Jim said stubbornly. Spock looked at him carefully. "Jim I-" "This isn't just us anymore! Our… our kids are out here now, and they have no idea what they've just dived into. Spock I have to go, I have to get to the transporter room, beam across and somehow disable the Borg ship," Jim planned aloud as he hurried to the turbo-lift doors. Spock followed him. "Jim I cannot-" "You have the conn. Mr Spock," Jim said firmly as he stepped into the lift. Spock stood to his full height, barely an inch taller than his bondmate. "T'hy'la," he offered and Jim blinked hard, stretching out his hand to touch the glass of the turbo-lift doors as they closed. Spock extended his hand in response, fingertips brushing against the cold glass as the lift moved and Jim disappeared from view. "The weapons don't do anything to it! We need something bigger," Molly yelled, frustrated. Even with all the combined firepower of their ship and the three remaining fighters, they were barely even distracting the larger ship. "Beam the warp-core into the middle of their ship," Leo suggested aloud. "Leo… that's so dangerous and-" "Seren, people are dying here," he said flatly, staring blankly out at the stars. "Can you do it?" Chris asked from his seat at the controls of the ship. "It's not that simple. I can manually remove the core itself, prime it to detonate… turn it into a bomb. But then we'd have to beam that across," he said, watching the tiny green flashes of light hitting Enterprise, who's shields were now entirely depleted. Everyone was silent for a moment. "Do we have another choice?" Seren asked. "Intrepid's fully compromised, lights are going out on Enterprise… I'd say this calls for any means necessary," said Chris confidently. "Let's make a big fucking bomb," Molly said, leading Leo from the room and down towards the warp core. "You know that after what we did to the transporter, we aren't going to be able to-" Molly began and Leo nodded. "I know," he interrupted. "So how are we going to get it on that ship?" she asked and he stayed silent, his silence saying everything. "You're not suggesting one of us goes over there are you?" she asked urgently and he said nothing, kept his expression neutral and stared straight ahead as they rushed through the corridors towards engineering. "Leo?" "Leo! You're insane! You're going to kill yourself!" "And if that means all of you live, and all of Enterprise live, and all of Intrepid live, then so be it," he said, stumbling a little as the ship was hit and their gravity was thrown off momentarily. One look at his face and Molly could tell that Leo was entirely serious. Jim fought his way through familiar hallways. Main power had failed, so he knew that the transporter would no longer be operational. He aimed for the shuttle bay, trying to get to his children on the other ship by any means necessary. The more times he encountered Borg, the less effective his phaser became, each shot allowing them the opportunity to adapt and improve. His heart pounded in his ears as he reached a shuttle at last, launching at maximum speed and immediately heading towards the small, unnamed ship that Leo, Christopher, Seren and Molly were aboard. There was a jolt as he docked roughly with the ship, immediately disembarking right out into the middle of the engineering deck where he found his son weighing a large metal cylinder around the size of a beer keg in his hands. Jim knew exactly what it was. "Concentrated warp plasma. Enough in here to cause quite a big bang," Leo said as Jim approached him. "You need to beam it into the centre of their ship," Jim said quickly. Molly was standing back a few paces as Leo stripped a few lengths of wire, affixing a crude timer that he had torn from a panel and was intended for something else than what he was about to use it for. "Can't. I fucked our transporter to get us here so fast, cheated, manipulated the fabric of the universe… and I'm going to the special part of hell for people that fuck with the laws of physics," he said quickly, eyes tracing back and forth across what he was working on before eventually closing entirely, his fingertips carefully checking over his work. "Unfuck it," Jim instructed. "Can't be done, not now, not instantly," Molly sighed. "What I did to it… used most of the power. This is the secondary core. And I'm going to hand-deliver it," Leo said determinedly, lifting the cylinder a little higher and heading towards the shuttle Jim had just left. "Leo… what are you… are you crazy?" Jim demanded as his youngest son pressed one button on the timing device. "Not crazy at all," he said, eyes meeting Jim's for just a moment. "I'm doing it," Jim said instantly. "No. I… this is my fault, I need to-" "Nothing is your fault! Just let me take it. I've got…" Jim glanced at the timer. "Eight minutes. I can dock, throw it out of the shuttle, and then get back before it detonates," he said quickly. He and Leo stared at each other for a few long moments. "Quickly," Leo said and Jim hurried past him and into the shuttle. "Dad? I love y-" "Hey. No. When I get back," Jim said firmly, hitting the button to close the airlock door, looking at his son one final time before tearing his eyes away and releasing the docking, hurtling the shuttle towards the Borg ship at maximum speed. Jim tried not to pay attention when the shuttle was hit by a photon blast. He tried to ignore the warnings of engine failure. He pressed on until he docked with the Borg ship, snatching up the heavy cylinder containing some of the most concentrated fuel imaginable and taking a sharp intake of breath before opening the airlock and stepping into the strange ship. Humanoid figures in various stages of transformation lined the hallways as he moved inwards, attempting to just get a bit closer to the centre of the ship, allow the blast to do the maximum amount of damage. Two of the creatures rounded a corner ahead of him and he had a split second to make his decision. He decided to hurl the cylinder in their direction with as much force as he could muster, and then sprint back in the direction of the shuttle. The metal clanked across the floor. Jim hadn't looked at the timer. He didn't know how long remained before the large explosion. He got to the airlock and back into the shuttle, just managing to release the docking clamps and begin to move away from the ship when everything turned white. Shaking and still not quite able to believe he was still alive, David extricated himself from the small fighter pod, scrambling down and standing on the solid floor on the shuttle bay. Chris, what's the latest? Jim's taken a bomb Leo and Molly built onto the ship. We're docking with the ship, going to try to get Jim out, his shuttle took fire getting across… so it'll be no good. David was trembling, whether it was with nerves or adrenaline or the knowledge that he was the only one remaining of the four small ships that had gone out, he didn't know. Where are you guys? David asked through their bond. He didn't get a response so approached a panel on the wall. "Computer, locate Christopher Kirk," David demanded. Unable to comply rang out the cool reply. "Locate James Kirk, is he still aboard the Borg ship?" David attempted. Unable to comply responded the computer stubbornly. David punched the nearest wall, letting out a growl of frustration. "Oh, go fuck yourself!" he yelled at the computer panel. Unable to comply. "No. Sure you aint," he laughed sarcastically, running a hand through his sweat-soaked hair. There were only seconds until Leo and Molly's bomb was due to detonate, and as far as he knew, Jim was still aboard the Borg ship that was about to be blown half to hell. Deciding to just follow his instincts, David began sprinting down the long corridor, following the weak trace of Chris' mind he could feel inside his own. As David entered the room, he could immediately sense that something very bad was about to happen, a cold shiver running down his spine. He glanced at Christopher and Molly in the corner at the access panel, fighting to get the airlock into the enemy ship to open, trying to go after Jim. Christopher's dark eyes met his across the room as he began to stride across the large space. It was as if time slowed down as the explosion happened. The ship lurched violently and David crashed to the floor, landing hard on his side on the metal grating. The panel that Christopher and Molly were up to their elbows in was directly connected to the enemy ship, and the explosion tore through it after a few seconds delay. The few seconds was all it took for Chris to realise what was about to happen, push Molly aside and shield her with his own body, putting himself between the small girl and the blast. David scrambled to his feet as Chris crashed to the ground. Molly scrambled to the fallen man, dropping to her knees beside the person who had just saved her life. Alarms were blaring, the ship was heavily damaged, and how they were not venting atmosphere was anyone's guess, as the airlock was hanging by a thread. David knelt beside Molly next to Christopher, panic rising as his eyes took in the sight. "Chris? I… oh fuck. Fuck! Chris look at me!" David said urgently, fighting to keep his voice level, grabbing Chris' hand tightly. There was so much blood he had no idea how to even begin to react to it. Chris was staring up at him, dazed expression on his face, each breath making the most terrible rattling sound. "D-david?" he stammered weakly. He had blood in his mouth too, starting to cut off his breathing. "Yeah it's me, I'm right here," he said, forcing a smile as he tore the black undershirt he had been wearing over his head and balled it up. His eyes scanned Chris' abdomen, trying to decide the best place to apply pressure to try and stem the flow of jade liquid pooling on the floor around him. He was burned. His uniform shirt burned into his skin, the artificial fabric melted against his flesh. A smattering of puncture wounds of various sizes covered his entire abdomen. The largest piece of shrapnel had pierced the upper left portion of his chest, seemingly right the way through. David didn't want to look too closely at what appeared to be exposed broken rib and muscle tissue. "Seren, can you… I need help," he choked into his comm. Chris's eyes rolled into the back of his head as he tried to take another breath. "Hey, Chris, look up at me, ok? Keep your eyes on me," he ordered, pressing the fabric clutched in his trembling hands to the wound that was spurting blood at an alarming rate. "On my way, who is it?" she asked and he bit back a sob. "It's Chris. He's…" Chris slumped as began to lose consciousness. "Chris no. Keep looking at me, don't you dare go anywhere," he said desperately, tapping the side of his face, leaving flecks of green blood on the golden skin that was rapidly turning a sickly grey. Dark eyes stared up at him blankly, unseeing. "I love you," David whispered. "Don't you dare die on me, Christopher," he said, tears beginning to stream from his eyes. David was vaguely aware of a pair of arms grabbing him around the chest, dragging him away from Chris' now lifeless form as his sister arrived and began immediately assessing his injuries. David caught her eye and knew immediately Chris wasn't going to make it, the fear and resignation was plain to see. Chris please. I love you. I'm sorry. Please, don't die on me. Please don't leave me. "Let me go," he struggled weakly against the person holding him back as the doctor began to work. Blood rushed in his ears, blocking out the sounds of the chaos and carnage around him. He was yelling but couldn't hear his own voice, his stomach protested to everything he had just witnessed and he vomited bile all over the floor before he could stop himself. Whoever had been holding him back handed him a scrap of fabric to wipe his face. Chris. The silence in David's mind from the bond was too much for him to bear. His fingers were covered in something sticky and he raised his hand to look, seeing red blood mixing with green on his skin. "David, stay still okay? You're hurt, you gotta stop wriggling," the voice was telling him, the person behind him gripping him tighter, trying to stop his struggling. He no longer knew if he was calling out for his bondmate in his mind or aloud. All he knew it he was getting no response. David gasped as he awoke; body strangely numb, limbs heavy with artificially induced sleep. "Hey, keep still okay? Don't want to tear your new skin," Leo's voice rang out. He turned his head to see the younger twin sitting beside his bed. He was covered in grime, dust and flecks of both red and green blood. "I… Chris?" he asked urgently. "Alive. Just," Leo said in a hollow voice. He held up his left arm to reveal a fresh white bandage. "I've given him so much blood, twice as much as they said was safe for me to give and he needs twice as much again," he said shaking his head slightly. "Molly ok?" he asked and Leo nodded once. "Shaken up, cuts and bruises. She'll be fine." "Where are we?" David asked and Leo glanced at the floor. "Enterprise. They were able to get their systems back online well enough to get the transporter working to put everyone on one ship. The fleet will be here within another twelve hours." David tried to force himself to sit up, glancing around sickbay, trying to locate his bondmate. "Don't. Don't move. Your side was cut up pretty bad," Leo said and David grit his teeth and disobeyed, sitting up anyway and swinging his legs over the side of the bio-bed. His boots touched the floor and he swayed to the side, unable to hold his own weight. Leo forced him back down onto the bed, gently enough to not hurt him, but firmly enough to make his point clear. "David… you don't want to see him like this. It's… horrible. Don't," Leo said quietly, brown eyes brimming with emotion that his face showed none of. "I don't care. I have to see him," he growled, trying once again to leave the bed and gasping in pain as his freshly healed side protested to the movement. "You can't. He's in chryo. Only way to preserve his brain function. They might not be able to fix him," Leo said, voice cracking as he fought back tears. "Do you mean…?" "Yeah. He's… in a bad way. We need to get to a starbase, or Earth, or just… anywhere with the kind of facilities and equipment that he needs. And I need to focus on making more blood so I can give him more, I need to meditate. I just… shit David… it was right through. Through his chest and out of his back and the look on his face… I can't… I…" Leo trailed off, blank expression on his face. "I don't remember much," David confessed. "Probably for the best. I wish I didn't," Leo responded instantly. David noticed he was trembling slightly all over, a strange distant look in his eyes. "What happened? Are we safe?" "I blew them up. With so much force I inadvertently created a small singularity that half their ship fell through. They're either all very dead, or someone else's problem now," Leo said and David nodded. "You got a list?" David asked and Leo picked up a PADD from the side and handed it over. David quickly found the most up to date list of the injured and dead, noting that he'd been out for at least twelve hours himself. He spotted his own name and Chris' names on the list of injured, as well as Sulu and Spock. Next he turned to the list of dead. He was unsurprised to find the three young men he'd been in formation with on the list and bit the inside of his lip. His classmates. The same age as him, their whole lives ahead of them snatched away in an instant. His eyes scanned lower down the ever-evolving document. Names appearing and shifting around. He caught one that made his heart skip a beat and eyes frantically search for it again. Kirk, James T. He glanced up at Leo who was now staring out of the viewing portal, same blank expression as the stars reflected back in his eyes. Dead. Kirk, James T. "Hey Leo, is this list… accurate?" he asked quietly. Leo gave one silent nod. "He was on their ship when it blew it up. He told me he'd do it, take the bomb across in the shuttle. I offered, but he insisted," he said in a hollow voice. David felt tears prick at the corners of his eyes. No. Impossible. "So it-" "He's dead. David," Leo said so quietly it was barely above a whisper, barely audible over the hum of the ship as it sped towards wherever they were headed. "I'm so sorry." Leo shrugged. "He saved all our lives, managed to disable their ship, plant the bomb Molly and I built. We just couldn't get him out in time. He gave himself to save us all." David felt like he'd been punched in the stomach. Warm tears spilled onto his cheeks, his chest tightening and stomach churning. The man he'd always looked up to; always considered as a second father combined with a very good friend, was dead. Leo stared silently out at the stars that his father had longed to show him his whole life, alone at the viewing portal. David didn't say another word. I hope that it's safe to come out and face you all... please *please* review. It'd mean so much to know what you think, of this chapter more than ever! Also, I'd just like to point out, this IS NOT the end of the story, so stay tuned!
Systems failing. Jim winced as he took a deep breath, pain flooding through him, dulling his other senses. He was laying down on his front, aware of cold floor against his face, his spine twisted uncomfortably as he lay sprawled at an obscure angle. Systems failing. He opened his eyes, hands scrambling for purchase as he tried to push himself up into a kneeling position. He was in the shuttle, and all around him was deadly silent aside from the occasional warning from the computer of the failing systems. He pulled his communicator from his pocket. "Kirk to Enterprise, what's our status?" The silence that followed his call was one of the longest he ever experienced. "Enterprise? Do you read me?" There was no response. Jim pulled himself to his feet, grunting in pain as he became apparent he was more injured than he had initially believed. His chest and ribs were tender and it hurt significantly to move at all, making his head swim. He sat at the controls of the shuttle, activating the sensors and trying to get his bearings. "Shuttle One to Enterprise, anyone read me?" he offered through the small craft's comm. system. It took Jim a long few minutes to realise he was all alone, and not where the Borg ship had been. The stars were different around him now, and rather than being comforting as usual, they gave him a strange sense that everything was very wrong. Spock was silent. He breathed slowly and carefully, eyes tightly closed, hands on his knees as he maintained his meditation pose, sitting neatly on the centre of the bed. The bed where Jim had been just a few short hours ago. Alive. Before he could stop himself he leant downwards, losing posture entirely and pressing his face into the fabric and inhaling deeply. T'hy'la. He attempted to reach out inside his mind, trying to touch the place where their bond had been. The rawness of the bond having been severed was so very real, and so painful, not just physically, but in its meaning too. Jim was gone. Spock remained curled in bed, clasping the pillow that smelled strongly of Jim and just breathing. He did not cry, simply stared at the stars through the viewing portal, silently willing time to reverse, to go back, to save him, to change any of what had happened. "What do I do, Jim? How must I live without you?" he whispered quietly into the empty room. He closed his eyes and imaged his bondmates face beside his on the pillow, hair tousled from sleep and eyes shining with excitement for what the new day would bring, just as he had seen them many times in that exact bed. Take care of the kids Spock. Please look after them. They'd had this conversation. The "what if one of us never comes home" talk. The one they both dreaded having to ever think back on to know what to do. That had been Jim's first wish, for him to keep a close watch over their children, look after them, keep them safe and cared for and protected. "I will," he said firmly to himself. The door chime of the room sounded and he didn't move. He didn't know who it was, but didn't much care. He had no desire to move until he had word of Christopher's condition, and he had been relieved from duty indefinitely. The door access was overridden and the door slid open. Spock remained perfectly still and silent, staring out at the stars as Leonard McCoy crossed the room to him. He was surprised when the doctor sank down onto the mattress beside him and he rose into a sitting position so they could sit side by side on the edge of the bed, both still looking out at the stars, not at each other. "Now we've got additional resources from the fleet, Christopher is out of chryo and on a ventilator. We're doing everything we possibly can for him, but we can't do much more until we get back to Earth," the doctor said, no trace in his voice of his usual gruff tone. He was softly spoken, quiet, timid even. "Thank you doctor," Spock responded flatly. He could feel his emotions rearing up inside of him, and he knew he didn't have the strength to push them back down. He snatched up Jim's pillow, and in a way very far removed from his usual manner, hugged it close to his chest, continuing to stare blankly forwards. "Molly Scott's traumatised, Ny's tryn'a talk sense back into her… Scotty don't know what to do… they're all a mess. Feel responsible," he said shortly and Spock closed his eyes. "I am incredibly proud of Christopher's actions, as I am certain," Spock paused and took a deep breath. "As I am certain Jim would have been." "Spock I-" the doctor began, his voice cracking almost immediately. Spock turned his head to look at Leonard and the first tears escaped his own eyes. "I'm sorry. God, I'm so sorry," he breathed, eyes red and puffy from his earlier tears, the stress of the situation finally overcoming him. He wiped at his face with shaking hands as Spock allowed his own tears to run smoothly down his face. "It was an inevitable end to our partnership. The calculated odds of us both reaching an age to die of natural causes were less than seven point four-" "Spock don't. I don't wanna think about what you guys aren't gonna get to have," the doctor interrupted, wiping away more tears with the back of his hand. "I am uncertain that our relationship would have lasted until that point, regardless of had we both survived and there had been no incident involving a ship either of us were on." The doctor shook his head. "Jim talked to me a lot in the times you were away. And yes, sure, he disliked it, hated the separation, but he didn't hate you Spock. He loved you. He always did, even when he didn't act like it," he finished softly. Spock bit his lip as the first sob racked his body unexpectedly. He never allowed himself to weep; it was a wholly unfamiliar sensation. Two more followed in quick succession and he buried his face into the pillow, unashamed of the doctor looking on from where he was sat beside him. "I do not know how I will continue to function," he said in a strange voice, his throat oddly tight and constricted. "We'll get you through it," the doctor said, uncomfortably setting his hand on Spock's shoulder in what he hoped was a comforting manner. "I must ask you one question to which I require an honest answer to allow me to adequately prepare myself," Spock said, dark eyes looking up and meeting Leonard's hazel ones. "Of course," he said quietly. "Will our son survive his injuries?" he asked and the doctor looked away. "I… I can't say. At this point. Leo's body regenerates in a way I haven't seen since Khan… or Jim, but neither Chris nor Seren seem to possess the same ability. Leo's given Chris a huge amount of blood, so we can hope it'll pass over and-" "Why did this ability not prevent Leo's illness?" Spock asked, not tearing his eyes away from Leonards. "Can't say. What I can say is that it sure as hell healed him of it though. It's as if he's never been sick in his life. I think he unlocked it, in his healing trance. He's hoping Chris will be able to do the same. I know you need your space right now Spock, but they need you, those three," he said and Spock blinked hard and nodded once. "I am aware." Spock stood and slowly walked the two paces from the bed over to the viewing portal, staring out at the dark expanse of space as it rushed past. They were headed for Earth along with the rest of the fleet that had arrived too late to help. "If they hadn't have come out… we'd all be dead. They distracted them at the right time, got in the way at the right time, and then Jim… well… we'd all be dead if he hadn't done what he did. But the kids are heroes. All of them. Did incredibly." "Their actions were highly commendable, however none of them are Starfleet officers and should not have been involved at all. David has not yet passed his piloting exam and should not have been at the controls of any ship, nor should Christopher. Leo has spent the entirety of his life blind and is recovering from serious illness as well as learning to see, and Molly Scott is a child. By interfering in the situation they were all in an extreme amount of danger. However. I admit that yes, you are correct. Without their assistance the likelihood of Enterprise, Intrepid or either of the crews having survived was not favourable," he conceded. The two men looked at each other for a few long seconds before a fresh wave of tears spilled over Leonard's eyes as he got to his feet to stand beside Spock. "I'm worried Spock. I'm worried I'll fail you all if I can't save Chris," he whispered and Spock frowned. "You will have failed no-one," he said softly. The two men were silent for a few long minutes. Neither of them would recall who initiated their embrace, but they would both remember for the rest of their lives the moment where they stood at the viewing portal, holding one another and crying into each others shoulder. Neither of them judged the other man, and neither of them would talk about it again, even acknowledge the fact that it had happened at all. "I need to get back," Leonard said finally, the deep rumble of his voice reverberating through Spock's chest. "I will accompany you," Spock said, sounding certain but nervous. "It… it isn't the easiest thing you're ever gonna see," the doctor said gently as they stepped apart from each other. "I am prepared," said Spock firmly and Leonard nodded once. "Alright. Come see him." "How's our friend doing?" Archer barked at his chief medical officer who looked up at him with his usual level of patience. "He is awake and recovering. I would not recommend-" "Is he talking?" Phlox paused for a moment before answering with a short nod. "I want to talk to him," Archer said firmly. "Now hang on Captain, poor guy's been through a hell of an ordeal, you might be better to listen to the doc and-" "Commander Tucker. I didn't request your opinion, thank you," Archer said firmly. "Phlox, let's go. T'pol, Reed, with me. Trip you have the bridge," he said and the engineer nodded. "Aye Captain," he said, turning on his heel and walking away. Archer led the three down to sickbay and over to the only occupied bed. The mysterious man was now bound by his wrists to the bed, though that seemed entirely unnecessary. He was maybe in his early thirties and borderline emaciated, hungry blue eyes staring out at them all, an expression of complete desperation on his face. He looked utterly exhausted and bereft, drained from his injuries and whatever his story was for being in the drifting shuttle at all. They'd found him alone, injured, hungry and scared. He'd been there several weeks, drifting alone in a shuttle with barely functioning life support and no other systems. How he had survived at all was a mystery. "I'm Captain Jonathan Archer of the starship Enterprise, which is where you are right now. What's your name, son?" he asked and the man nodded in understanding. "Commodore James Tiberius Kirk, Starfleet identification code four, seven, alpha n-" "Commodore? Sir. Is this man a member of Starfleet?" Reed asked of his Captain who looked back to the man in the bed who quickly nodded, though looked as though the movement was taking all of his strength. He looked far too young to be of any rank near to Commodore, even Captain would be a stretch. He grimaced in pain and tried to move a little bit. "Admiral, please, I need to try and contact Spock, I have to find a way back to-" "Admiral?" "Captain," the man corrected quickly and T'Pol shot him a quizzical look. "James Tiberius Kirk. I've been a member of Starfleet for over fifteen years, and I've never heard of you, and seeing as you apparently outrank me, that seems strange," Archer said, his face impassive. James glanced at his wrists and then back up to the Captain. "My apologies for the restraints, but as we don't know anything about you, I'm sure you'll understand it must be deemed necessary for the moment. We found you drifting in a federation shuttle, the identity of the-" "It was a shuttle from the Enterprise, from myEnterprise. I must have got too close to the singularity, I was trying to lead them away… trying to save-" "Captain I do not believe this man is sound of mind," interrupted T'Pol calmly and James shot her a glare. "I'm inclined to agree sir, the man sounds completely barking mad," added Reed under his breath. Archer was silent for a moment before turning his back on the man in the bed and facing his two crew members. "Both of you back to the bridge for now, I'll deal with this myself," he said. T'Pol and Reed exchanged a glance before obeying and leaving sickbay in silence. "Phlox can you give us a moment please?" he asked and the Denobulan nodded, scuttling away to the corner where he kept his numerous animals and beginning to feed them. Archer leant forward and released the wrists of the man bound to the bed, helping him to sit up. "Kirk. Talk to me. Tell me everything. Why did we find you in that shuttle? Who are you and where are you from?" he asked and the man nodded and swallowed hard. "Could I have some water? Please?" he asked and the Captain nodded, handing him the glass that was perched just out of his reach. He drank gratefully, draining the whole thing before handing it back. "Doctor Phlox says you're lucky to be alive. Said you've been in that shuttle for the better part of two weeks. How did you survive?" he asked and the man nodded. "Twenty one years ago I was involved in… an accident. Long story short I was killed by radiation and treated with the blood of a genetically enhanced superhuman to regenerate my cells. No doubt your CMO has run some of my blood and has detected the compound. My ship was involved in a confrontation with a much larger ship, it was these strange… I don't know. They were men, but they were machines, but they used to be men," he said with a shudder. "We have encountered similar beings," Archer said, then changed the direction of the conversation. "You're from Earth then, James?" he asked and the man nodded. "Jim. Yeah. Earth. Iowa. Actually born in space, during the attack on the USS Kelvin, but I'm sure you know all about that," Jim said and Archer narrowed his eyes slightly. "The Kelvin doesn't begin her maiden voyage for almost another standard month," he said and Jim's face fell. "I really did fall through the black hole… this is all wrong, everything is… wrong," he said, voice sounding hollow as his realization dawned on him, eyes widening in panic. "What's the current stardate?" "Stardate? Today? Why does that matter?" "Can we establish contact with New Vulcan from our current position?" Kirk asked, sitting up a little straighter. "New Vulcan? I'm only aware of one Vulcan… and no, we're out of range. I…" Archer hesitated, looking at the pathetic man in the bed for a few more moments. His heart rate on the monitor was elevated as he began to panic. "Tell me everything, Jim, start at the beginning. Tell me about you, and what you remember about where we found you," Archer said, trying to get him to keep talking. "I… I already told you. Jim Kirk. Earth. I need to contact Spock, or my kids… or… anybody," he said weakly. "Just take a deep breath and tell me everything," Archer said patiently, sitting down in the chair beside the bed and listening carefully as Jim began to speak. He talked until his voice grew hoarse and he eventually passed out. His story seemed incredible, but he answered every question Archer asked him in a calm and composed manner. Until he began talking about this children and partner. Three of them, grown up, lending further weight to his claim of his genuine age of forty-five as opposed to the mid-thirties that he looked. When he spoke about them he lost his composure. He was worried about their wellbeing, worried about their safety and the health of his youngest son who had been recovering from a serious illness. Archer left sickbay, instructing his CMO not to restrain Jim again. He was not going to be treated as a prisoner, and Archer decided to consult with his crew to decide what to do with the mysterious man from the drifting shuttle that all evidence supported had actually fallen through a black hole from another time-line. David was there as his father drained fluid from the barely functioning lungs of his bondmate. He winced at witnessing the unpleasant procedure, after all, he'd always been squeamish, but is relieved when afterwards Chris's breaths seem to rattle a little bit less. He'd spent two days in Chryogenic stasis until they reached Earth and was now in a medically induced coma, on a ventilator, several IV lines in his arms, dermal regenerator doing its best to fix the mess that had been made of his chest and abdomen but seemingly barely doing anything to improve the appearance of the ruined skin. "He needs a lung," the doctor said quietly. "His are too burned and shot full of holes to keep him going, and they won't heal well enough to support him for long. He inhaled right as the blast hit him, so all the hot gasses burnt up all the interior linings, all the gaseous exchange points that oxygenate his blood." The suggestion was silent but David heard him loud and clear, giving his father a meaningful glance. "Leo has already insisted. 'Use me as a spare-parts mart' he said. Kids crazy," the older man said, running a hand through his hair and sighing. "If you do that, will Chris make it?" There was a pregnant pause. "I can't promise, all I can promise is that I can try." David nodded and waited. Seren works around the clock and is able to use the same technique she used to clone the piece of Christopher's brain to donate to Leo to clone Leo's lungs to donate to Christopher. His voice is hoarse after the procedure to collect cells, unsurprising considering he had a tube shoved so far down his throat it made David's eyes water just to think about it, but he is positive in his attitude about his twin. Seren is too shell-shocked to say anything at all. "He'll make it," Leo says, hand a reassuring weight on David's shoulder. He says nothing in response. Leo and Spock spend many hours at Christopher's bedside. They do not often speak, but Leo continued to attempt to meld with his twins mind and though he gets no response he focuses on sending him as much positive energy as possible. Dr. McCoy makes one feeble attempt at getting Leo to undergo a physical exam and accepts the young mans polite refusal. Right now they all know the focus must be on his twin. David is there when Chris is brought back from the double transplant two weeks later. It went perfectly, aside from Chris flat-lining. Twice. His newly re-constructed ribcage is all set in place, partially made up of the bone fragments that were salvageable, part made from titanium alloy. He'll live, that's what counts. David sits at his bedside and holds his hand, trying not to look at the crisp white bandages swathing his chest, trying not to look at the tube in his mouth forcing air into his lungs. He tries not to look at the burns on his upper left arm, the skin healed now but heavily scarred. But he does. He looks because he can't help it. "You're doing so well, beautiful, I'm so proud of you," David tells him, stroking back a few stray strands of unkempt blonde hair from his face. It's two more days before Chris opens his eyes. He can't talk, the ventilator prevents it, but he looks up at David and his brother with clear recognition in his eyes. "Morning sunshine," Leo says with a weak smile. Chris stares up at him, face tight with pain, a small gasp causing the ventilator to stutter as he attempts to breathe for himself and finds that he can't. Let me die. David's eyes fill with tears as the thought echoes through his mind. "Here, let me turn up your pain meds, let's get you a little loopy, huh? Do drugs under our supervision," Leo says, leaning to his brother's IV line and turning the dosage of pain relief to maximum. David… it hurts. Make it stop. I want it to stop. Now. Please. Leo hears it too, Chris' mental controls in tatters and broadcasting his thoughts freely to his twin. David fights back tears and clutches at Chris' hand, bringing it to his lips and kissing the back of it. Dark eyes fill with tears that spill down either side of his face. Where am I? "We're on Earth, we're home," David assures him. They've been home over two weeks, and tomorrow is Christmas eve. Christmas is the last thing on anyone's mind. Jim and Spock, and Seren? And Molly? David took a shaky breath and closed his eyes tightly, turning his head so Chris wouldn't see the tears rolling down his cheeks. Leo steels himself and leans into his brother's ear. "Molly is fine, you saved her life. Spock and Seren are just fine, they've been coming to see you a lot and they'll be back later," he promises. Chris's eyes widen as Leo doesn't mention Jim. "Don't. Don't make me say it, not now," Leo says quietly and Chris blinks in silent understanding. Jim is gone. "He's gone," Leo mumbles. The younger twin holds onto his brother and David as they both fall apart, his own eyes staying stubbornly dry. Seren and Spock are there later in the day, Seren doing her best not to think about any of the medical side of things. She just wants her brother to get better, but can't bring herself to have anything else to do with his treatment. Her hands shake when she gets anywhere near him and she can't focus on anything she spent years learning at medical school. She's so afraid that every time Chris closes his eyes, he won't open them again. Leo stays stubbornly beside him until Bones forces him to leave after realising the young man hasn't slept in over two weeks and is visibly trembling from exhaustion. He comms his daughter who arrives to physically drag Leo away, apologising the whole time, but leaving David watching over Christopher, hand clasped to his and hope in his eyes. "Leo?" "Hm?" "You alright?" He gave a weak hint of a smile and a small nod but didn't meet her eye entirely. "I'm fine," he lied quickly, not even hiding in his tone of voice that he was lying completely to her. "It's ok if you aren't," she whispered and he sighed, burying his face into the pillow as they lay in her bed together. His shirt was on the floor and the pyjama pants of David's he had borrowed were a little too short in the leg, leaving an irritating sliver of ankle exposed to the cool air in the room if his feet ever slipped out from under the protection of the comforter. "I need to keep strong for everyone," he said firmly, staring straight up at the ceiling. "You're always so strong Leo, but for once you can have a moment of weakness. Talk to me, what are you feeling?" she offered and he tensed for a moment. "When I'm ready, I'll take you up on that offer. Everything I feel right now is just too much verbalise," he said weakly, closing his eyes. He let out a small sigh as she pressed her soft lips to his cheek, then his neck, one warm hand splaying across his chest, low on his ribcage right over his heart. "I'm here for you," she said sincerely and he opened his eyes, finally looking at her through the half-light. "Right now I'm scared for Chris, I wish I could take away the stress from David, I wish I could make Molly stop feeling responsible, I wish I could get Joanna to stop trying to blame herself for any of it that she was even marginally involved in. I wish I could get Seren to talk to me, because she won't talk to anyone and I can see her falling to pieces as much as she's trying to keep it together. I wish I could take away the pain from Spock… just for five minutes, because he's hurting so bad right now… and I just… if I could take it all, for everyone, I would. If I could go back in time and throw myself in front of Chris and take that explosion, I would. If I could fix Sulu, I would, but I think your Dad is finally hopeful he can undo what they were doing to him…" he trailed off and Emily nodded. "Yeah. They were trying to assimilate him, infected his bloodstream with nanoprobes. The chryogenic stasis halted the process and he has found a way of destroying them with radiation therapy. I think they're starting tomorrow," she said softly and Leo nodded. "Good. That's… good," he sighed. Emily leant across and glanced at the time before leaning in to kiss his cheek again. "Merry Christmas," she said softly. "Really? Already?" "It's almost two in the morning, so, a whole two hours," she said and he hugged her tightly. "Then Merry Christmas Emily," he mumbled, kissing her lips gently as they both fell silent. Emily fell asleep with Leo cuddled close, entirely unaware that he didn't sleep at all beside her that night, laying awake until he could hear activity in the house in the morning as Joanna pottered around in the kitchen making coffee. He slipped from the bed, careful not to wake Emily, and pulled on his pyjama pants that were laying on the floor. It wasn't cold enough in the house to need the shirt so he didn't bother. "Merry Christmas," Joanna offered with a weak smile as he wandered into the kitchen. "And to you," he said flatly. The silence in the room said it all. "David stayed with Chris last night, camped by his bedside," she said and Leo nodded. "I wondered if he might. I was going to go and see him now," Leo said and Joanna gave another weak smile. "It's going to be a weird kind of day," she said, tears brimming in her eyes. "I know. I know," he said, stepping forwards to hug her. She cried into his bare shoulder and he held her tightly, rubbing her back soothingly. "It's ok," he said and she whimpered. "It isn't. I miss him." "Me too. I'd give anything to get him back," Leo admitted. "Have you heard from Spock the last few days? Dad said he hasn't been around the hospital as much?" she asked and Leo shook his head. "He's… in pieces. I don't know how to deal with it. I don't know how to begin to help him." Joanna doesn't reply, because she doesn't have an answer. "I'm really not supposed to be doing this you know," David sighed as he helped Chris to sit up. "Rebel," Chris rasps and David smiles. "It's because of that damn smile of yours, so convincing," he says, and Chris provides him with the exact smile he was talking about. It takes Chris a few long minutes to get fully sat upright, the terrible gurgling sound from his chest making David feel nauseous. He hid his reaction, not wanting Chris to feel self-conscious of the fact it made him uneasy. Since he'd been awake Chris was making excellent progress, Leo's seemingly superior blood accelerating his healing quite rapidly. He'd been sat up through the night, talking away quite happily and off his ventilator entirely. He was on a dramatically large dose of painkillers though, and both Seren and Bones were concerned about how they would wean him off of them when the time came. "How did I know I'd find you breaking rules?" Seren asked from the doorway of the room and David turned to look at her. "Oh come on Ser, not that many rules, I was just going to take Chris outside, just to see the lights, just for a minute," he pleaded and she took a deep breath and pursed her lips. "Five minutes, and make sure he's warm enough," she said firmly. Chris offered another winning smile and David carefully helps him into the hover-chair he had acquired from the corridor. "Want Christmas dinner," Chris said weakly and David laughs. "My Dad says you're gonna be on mush for a while yet sorry. I could bring you a Christmas dinner smoothie though, how's that sound?" he asked and Chris grinned. "Like heaven." "Yeah? I'll just throw it all in one? Turkey and vegetables and custard and pudding and mulled wine? In one go?" he offered and Chris pulled a face. "Not quite so appealing," he said weakly and David chuckled. "I'll split it into main course and desert, how's that sound?" Chris doesn't answer as David carefully takes him to the back exit of the hospital, double doors leading out into a courtyard. There's fresh snow on the ground and David is careful to pull blankets tightly around his bondmate, right up to his chin. "Jeez. Overkill much?" "Don't want you getting cold love," David said, the last word having slipped out before he could stop it. Chris' eyes widened slightly and he quickly looked down at the floor. David had no idea if Chris could remember what had happened on the ship, the final moments before he had finally lost consciousness, what David had said to him. "Uh… sorry. Ready?" he asked, clearing his throat. Chris gave a small nod and David carefully pushed the chair out into the cold. "See why all the blankets? It's like negative ten," David said and Chris rolled his eyes. "'m not a baby," he protested. David stopped at a bench and shoved the snow off it, sitting down with Chris beside him in his chair. Chris wrestled with the blankets covering him until he could wriggle his hand out. He took David's hand before he could protest and locked his eyes on his face. "I distinctly remember you being a hero up on the ship, Mr McCoy," he said faintly and David shrugged. "Not as much of a hero as you." And nowhere near as much as Jim. "You saved my life." His dark eyes were serious, his hand a firm grip on David's. "No, I really-" "You did. I remember. You got me help when I needed it, and you kept me calm and stopped me from trying to move around," Chris said, pausing to gasp for air once he was finished with his sentence. "I guess I did," David admitted. "Thank you, David," Chris said quietly, voice fading fast. Strictly speaking he wasn't supposed to be talking, he was supposed to be concentrating on his breathing and to breathe as slowly and deeply as he could at all times. "Anytime. Just wish I'd got there twenty seconds sooner," he sighed, looking at Chris' face carefully. His face was undamaged by the explosion but was tense with pain. David hadn't seen his chest since the wounds had been closed to see the scars, but his father had warned him that without extensive cosmetic surgery, Chris would always be disfigured from his injuries. It was unsurprising really, considering what the injuries had looked like. "I'm glad you didn't, you might have died," Chris said, eyes drifting now, looking around the courtyard. Strands of lights hung from the fountain in the centre, the water not flowing due to the season, but the lights twinkled silver, dancing in an unpredictable rhythm that continued to change every few seconds. "Chris I… I'm sorry, about what happened up there, about what happened here, at Starfleet, I'm sorry that I-" Chris squeezed his hand to silence him. "I know. I'm sorry too," he said, voice barely above a whisper now. David took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a moment. "I love you," he said softly, the tiniest trace of a smile ghosting Chris's lips. He didn't respond with words, giving David's hand a small squeeze and closing his eyes. It took David a few minutes to decide Chris had definitely fallen asleep, head lolling onto his shoulder. He carefully tucked his hand back into the blankets and pulled them up around his chin, making sure no cold air could get inside as he carefully took him back inside and to his room. "I'm so sorry I let this happen to you Chris, I shouldn't have let you out of my sight… I should have… god damn it. I should have protected you," he whispered as he pondered just how he was going to get Christopher back into his bed. "I'll never let anything or anyone hurt you ever again, I promise," he said softly, one hand finding the side of Chris' face and his lips brushing against his forehead. He stirred a little but didn't wake. David kissed his forehead again, as if doing so would help heal his wounds, remove his scars, take away the pain. "And Jim. Jim is my fault," he whispered, warm tears rolling down his cheeks. "If I hadn't have been such an asshole, so quick and eager to get out there and help them… hell they probably would have figured something out on their own, nobody would have died, you wouldn't have gotten hurt and I-" David stopped talking abruptly. He took a deep, calming breath before reaching into his coat pocket and pulling out a small black box with a silver ribbon tied neatly around it. "Merry Christmas. I know it aint much… but… I wanted to give you this, I got it when I figured out how I really felt a couple of weeks back… because I want this… this us… it's for real, and forever, and I want it all," he said quietly, setting it on the bedside table where Chris would be sure to see it. "Am I interrupting?" David turned his head to see Leo in the doorway of the room. He gave him half a smile. "No. I just took him outside for a minute, see the lights in the courtyard. Poor thing is all tuckered out, fell asleep right in his chair and I sure as hell aint strong enough to move him back to the bed," David said, trying to keep his voice light and carefree and sounding anything but. "I'll move him, if you help, his damn long legs get in the way," Leo said, striding over. Between the two of them they were able to carefully get Chris out of the hover-chair and back into his bed, safely tucked in. "Do you think he'll be okay?" David asked quietly and Leo nodded immediately. "Yeah. Of course. I mean… It'll take a while, gotta get everything functioning properly again first, find his limits. But yeah. I mean… we're good at bouncing back," he said with a small smile and David smiled in return. Leo didn't comment on the fact David had Christopher's hand clasped between the both of his own, thumb tracing over the soft skin there. "Can't quite believe it really. I mean, I was pretty sure I wasn't going to see the year out at one point not so long ago, and then was worried Chris wouldn't. That damn hole in his chest was like nothing I've ever seen," he said, absentmindedly fidgeting with something on Chris' bedside cabinet. David didn't comment but opened his mouth to object when Leo picked up the small black box he'd put there earlier. "You got him this? I didn't get him anything. We don't really do gifts between us," he said and David watched him carefully as he picked it up. "Heavier than it looks. What is it?" he asked. David removed one of his hands from Christopher's and reached across to take it, removing the ribbon and opening it, handing the small, silver device back to Leo who turned it between his fingers. It was smaller than the palm of his hand, a silver, circular object of maybe only three inches across and half an inch thick. "What is it?" he asked, scrunching up his face. "Just… something I thought he'd like," David mumbled as Leo noticed the miniscule sensor on the object. "It's a holo, fingerprint sensitive so only you guys can see it," he realised aloud and David nodded. "Pretty cool. What's it of?" Leo asked and David took the device back, holding it balanced flat on the palm of his hand. The hologram appeared and Leo grinned widely. David and Christopher were very young, babies, David couldn't have even been a year old. They were babbling nonsense at each other, Christopher laughing and David giggling. They changed, now children, squabbling over something needless, still smiling. They aged again, no longer squabbling, but still smiling. Leo watched as the images continued to age until reaching their current age, the holo's taken only a few short months ago. Leo didn't fail to notice the inscription appear in the silver surface of the device in David's palm, two words in flowing script that were there and gone in a matter of seconds. Ek'wak, kwon-sum. Forever, always. Sensing this was an incredibly personal message and not meant for his eyes, he looked away and David shut off the hologram by squeezing the disk slightly with his palm. David was blissfully unaware of the fact that Leo had been learning to read, and had seen the message and understood it. "That's… wow. He'll love it," he said and David shrugged as he carefully replaced the emitter in it's box. "I hope so. What my sister give you?" Leo pulled from his coat pocket a pair of particularly lumpy knitted gloves. "I always get cold hands, so she made me these," he explained as David looked at them. "They're…both right handed?" he said, confused and Leo nodded. "She couldn't figure out how to reverse the knitting pattern to make the left hand, but I can squish my thumb around and they fit pretty good. Warm too," he smiled and David rolled his eyes. "You two are so adorable it makes me sick." "Uh… thanks?" Chris mumbled something to himself softly and nuzzled his face into the pillow, rolling onto his side. "He's dreaming," Leo said quietly. Seren re-entered the room, Bones, Joanna and Emily in tow. "We're going to bring him home, take care of him there," Bones said and David's eyes lit up. "Really?" "Yeah, kid. He hates it here, and he's as physically healed as is required for him to leave. Paper-work is done, he's good to go," he said with a faint smile. He looked awful, everyone did. Dark circles under his tired eyes. Nobody could sleep thinking about Jim. Leo leant over his brother, his mouth to his ear. "Hey wake up, we're going home," he said softly, adding a gentle nudge of his shoulder. Chris groaned and recoiled from Leo's voice, pulling his blankets up and attempting to cover his face. "Hey come on kid, or you'll miss dinner and Carol will be mad at you," Bones warned and Chris peeled back his blankets a little. "Did you say food?" "Uh huh. Not sure how much you'll manage, but you can give it a try under my supervision. Now come on, let's get you home," he said. David quickly snatched up the small box on Chris' bedside table and pocketed it before anyone asked questions. Dark eyes followed his movements. Hey what is that? David gave Chris a smile and helped him to sit up. Later. Christmas dinner was a bittersweet affair. Spock had joined them though hadn't eaten or said much, but the fact he was there was encouraging. Chris managed two small mouthfuls of food before stopping. David watched him with care and concern that was not unnoticed by the others around the table. "No really, I'm ok, just full," he said weakly, trying to stop everyone from worrying. Emily was attempting to coax Leo into trying some turkey. "I don't want it, it used to be cute and fluffy, I don't want to eat it," he said, shaking his head. Emily roared with laughter and Joanna who had overheard also joined her. "Wait… cute and fluffy? What do you think a turkey looked like before we started eating it?" "Well, I don't know what it looked like, but I'm sure it was at one point cute and fluffy," he protested, sniggers spreading around the table as everyone became aware of the conversation. "Leo," Emily persuaded and he shook his head. "No. Nuh uh. No," he said firmly and she mock-pouted. "I'm so full I think I'm going to explode," groaned Joanna as she pushed away her empty plate. "I got room for seconds," David smirked, piling his plate high again. "Good man, eat yourself to death on the one day of the year it's acceptable," his father encouraged, also piling more food onto his plate. Leo watched his twin watching the scene before them until he noticed. Chris' energy was flagging and he was desperate to go to sleep, to rest and allow his body time to focus on healing. "Want a hand?" Leo offered, sensing Chris' desire to leave the table. "Please," he mumbled and Leo nodded. "Carol, Bones, thank you so much for having us all over," Leo said and Carol smiled. "Of course, no problem. You guys aren't too hard to cook for either, just a load of extra vegetables," she smiled at the content of the plates belonging to Leo, Spock and Seren. "I'm just going to help Chris, he wants to go lay down. Can we be excused please?" he asked and she nodded silently, more serious expression creeping onto her face. Leo helped Chris up, and wrapped an arm around his back, Chris' arm draping over his shoulders. "Couch?" "Nah. David's bed," he said and Leo nodded. "Sure thing boss." The stairs were more of a challenge, Chris getting out of breath just taking the first one. He'd laughed faintly when Leo had scooped him up into his arms bridal style and carried him up. "Where are we going?" he asked as they got to the top. "Left, second door." Leo carried his twin to the room, gently setting him down on the bed and apologising as Chris whined in pain. "I'm so sorry, did I hurt you? Did I touch it? I don't know where I can and can't…" he trailed off and Chris shook his head. "It's fine." "Are you sure? I mean, it sounded like I hurt you, but you aren't due for more pain relief for… a while yet," he said. Chris closed his eyes and began to peel up his shirt, drawing it up as far as the bottom of his ribcage and then stopping, out of breath. "Little help?" Leo hesitated for a moment before assisting, very carefully helping Chris remove the shirt. "I haven't even really looked yet, they wouldn't let me, in the hospital, didn't want me getting upset," he explained as he looked down at his own chest. Leo sat on the edge of the bed beside him, letting his own eyes take in his brother's shirtless state. Chris' eyes filled with tears, but didn't spill over. "It isn't that bad," Leo reassured quickly and Chris wheezed out a laugh. The entire upper-left portion of Christopher's chest was heavily scarred, angry and green. Burn scars moved away from the area where the large wound had been, and neater, smaller surgical marks could be seen scattered all over his torso, the largest of which ran right up the centre of his ribcage. "It'll get better though. The green will die down once it settles," Leo assured him and Chris gave a small nod. "It's made me realise I honestly don't care what I look like. Long as I'm alive," he said quietly as he traced his fingertips over the strangely numb repaired skin. "But I guess I wouldn't mind looking a little less like Frankenstein's monster," he chuckled and Leo smiled. Are you alright? Chris was distracted by his bondmate checking on him through their bond and went silent for a few seconds. I'm good. Leo helped me up to your bed. I'm gonna take a nap, hope you don't mind. "I'll leave you to get some rest," Leo said, standing up and leaving the room. Chris wriggled under the blankets, wincing at the tightness in his chest as he wrapped himself up warm. He felt more comfortable with his shirt off, less constricted. It was an odd feeling though to have the blankets against his skin and not be able to feel them. Spock checked in on Christopher, finding him fast asleep in David's bed, bare chest rising and falling slowly. His breathing was silent, a very good sign that his lungs were settling down and would continue to function correctly. Spock couldn't tear his eyes away from the markings on his son's skin, a horrific reminder of the day all of their lives had changed forever. "He's doing good, Spock," Leonard's voice reached his ears and he turned, glancing at the top of the stairs where the other man was standing. "I am relieved," Spock said shortly and McCoy gave him a weak half smile. "Quiet without him," he said. Spock knew they weren't talking about Christopher any more. "Very much so," he agreed. "It'll be fine, eventually I mean," the doctor said sombrely and Spock closed the door to David's room as quietly as he could. "Fine has variable definitions," Spock said in monotone. Jim had hated when he'd point that out to him. Spock longed for the argument, just once more. "It won't be the same, but these three are fighters, everyone will recover, move forwards but not move on. He won't be forgotten," Leonard said and Spock blinked slowly, doing his utmost to remain calm and composed. "I am certain he will not be." Leonard fell silent. "If you ever do want to talk about it, you know where to find me," he said. Spock fought the urge to raise an eyebrow and answered with two simple words, the gratitude in his voice not missed by the other man as their eyes met for a lingering moment of shared grief. "Thank you." A/N I SUCK. I'm so sorry for not getting this out any sooner. I hope the fact it's super super long makes up for it... a lot of work went into this one... it's been written in tiny chunks all over the place whenever I have a spare five minutes of time. So, sorry if there are any errors! I'll do my best to spot and fix them. It's getting a little longer between updates but as I've said before, I PROMISE I will not leave this story unfinished. You guys are going to get the ending! I know there's quite a bit of explaining to do after this chapter, but bare with me, that'll happen in the next part. Thank you endlessly for your patience with me, and for your thoughtful and constructive reviews, I appreciate you all very much :)
A/N Thanks for being patient, as I promised, I won't give up on the story! Thank you endlessly for your kind reviews, they mean an awful lot. Enjoy. Oh. And having tissues handy might be a good idea for parts of this chapter. "Don't look at me," Chris wriggled away from David, pulling the blankets higher as he did so, protectively covering his injuries. "I'm not looking," David assured softly, making sure to keep his face turned in a way that made it obvious he wasn't looking. "You good?" Chris mumbled an affirmative and David slipped under the blankets beside him. "You're always so nice and warm," he sighed contentedly, sliding up to Chris and wrapping his arms around him carefully. "You're always nice and cool." "Guess we help each other out then," David said before instructing the lights to turn off. "Night Chris. Good to have you home," he said quietly and the part-Vulcan shifted a little in his arms. "David I… what are we?" he asked and David frowned a little before relaxing. "We can be whatever we want to be." "Cut the shit," Chris whispered and David chuckled lightly. "Ok. I uh… I mean well… I'd really hate if I saw you with anyone else," he mumbled, Chris shivering at the feeling of David's soft lips brushing against the skin of his neck as he spoke. "You never would. Only you," he said softly. "You want to know if my feelings have changed?" David asked and Chris nodded a little. "No. They haven't," he said honestly and Chris seemed to sag with disappointment, taking a deep, steadying breath. "They haven't changed because they didn't need to change. I just didn't understand them properly before… I… I love you, and I couldn't see it, but now I can see it and I don't ever want to stop seeing it," he said honestly and Chris held his breath for a second in a way that made David's stomach do a nervous twist. He was just about to ask if he was alright when he was met with Chris' lips against his own. Soft, gentle, vulnerable. "Even though I'm like… like this?" he breathed and David frowned. "Beautiful. That's all you ever were, all you are. And don't you forget it. In fact, I'll tell you every day, just so you don't," he said and Chris chuckled softly, pressing a small kiss to the side of David's jaw. "If you're sure. I mean, there's a perfectly good undamaged model downstairs," Chris said and David held him a little tighter. "Pretty sure that the perfectly good undamaged model downstairs is a little preoccupied with my sister, so might not be so interested in my advances;" he said and Chris snorted. "That's true. He's probably all gross and sexually useless too, need to talk to him about that," Chris mumbled sleepily. "Definitely, babe. I'm sure between the two of us we can give him some good manly advice." "Babe?" David could practically hear the raised eyebrow. "Sorry. Slipped." "You called me 'love' at the hospital, that was much better," Chris said and David smiled. "I can do that. Anyway, get some sleep mister, you've got healing to do," he ordered as Chris yawned widely. "Mmm. Night Captain," he mumbled, burying his face into where David's neck and shoulder met and wrapping one arm around his back. "Goodnight." David waited until he was certain Christopher was asleep and had been for a while before he snuck out of bed. He took the small, carefully re-wrapped box containing the holo-emitter and placed it on the bedside table beside Chris before tiptoeing downstairs. He paused in the hallway as he heard voices in the kitchen, keeping his back flat against the wall and his head tilted so he could hear more clearly. "-goin' to be a tough day for everybody, but I think Spock should get it over with, no sense puttin' it off any longer than he needs to," his father said, then pausing, no doubt taking a sip of a drink of some kind. "It's got to be so hard for him though… there's just no real… closure. Even a funeral won't give him that," his mother replied softly. David felt his breath hitch in his throat and closed his eyes tightly. "I know. But the kids… the kids need to bury him. Can't go on indefinitely. Need to have a grave, or… I don't know, something, somewhere they can go to feel close to him. We both know full well none of them are going back to that house anytime soon," Leonard said and Carol made a quiet noise in the affirmative. "No. But do you think you could go back there? If you were Spock?" "God no. I'd be staying as far away from that house as I could for as long as I could. And it won't surprise me if Spock moves away, at least out of San Fran… but I could see him goin' off planet even, maybe to New Vulcan, maybe on a long assignment with Starfleet. Sure as hell hope he doesn't though. Jim made me aware of their agreements on if anythin' happened to either of them out in the black, and whichever one of them lived was meant to take care of those three, and if it was neither of them, then we were supposed to. I won't sit idly by and ignore it if he goes runnin' off to New Vulcan… I can't-" Leonard paused and lowered his voice. "I can't let Jim's wishes be ignored. He didn't want for much if anythin' happened to him. Split it all three ways, and Spock to take care of the kids, that's all he wanted," he said, voice cracking slightly. There was the small squeaking sound of one of the kitchen chairs sliding across the floor and David inhaled sharply as he tried to contain his own emotions. He was wiping the first tears off his own face with the back of his hand as his mother opened the kitchen door to find him standing outside it and beckoned him inside, closing the door behind him. She embraced him in a warm hug and he held her tightly, staring over her shoulder blankly at his father so stared right back at him, the exact same pain on his face that he knew he was displaying so clearly. "It'll be okay, David, eventually," Carol said softly and she held him close. "I know. Just… it's horrible. All of it. Seren's barely saying a word and Spock is… god… I don't know, never seen anything like it. Leo's being weird too, and I don't know if Chris is really aware of-" "The less Chris is aware of right now, the better. He's on a lot of medication which is stopping him really feeling most of what's going on, but that can't go on indefinitely, but yeah… when that stops it isn't going to be easy," Leonard said grimly. David sighed as his mother let him go at last and he stepped forward, sinking into one of the chairs at the table and letting his head fall into his hands. A glass was slid towards him and he glanced at it. Two fingers of what looked to be the good stuff, the stuff that only came out on special occasions. He picked up the glass and swirled it around, staring blankly at it. "Spock dragging his feet over Jim's funeral, then?" David asked and Leonard nodded once. "Can't say I blame him. Probably aint the easiest thing to arrange, to be buryin' your husband of twenty-odd years," David sighed, taking a tiny sip from the glass and savouring the burn in his mouth before swallowing. "Fifteen, they'd be at sixteen years this year," Leonard corrected and David shook his head. "No. They bonded before that, that's deeper than marriage, so they were at twenty years at least in my eyes," he said. Carol and Leonard exchanged a glance that wasn't missed by their son. "You've always been older than your years, and we're both really proud of you, and of the way you acted out there," Carol said, pouring herself a third glass of the golden liquid. "Not me you should be proud of. Be proud of Chris, because if it wasn't for him pushing me, I wouldn't have taken the risk and sat in that chair," he said, staring at the wooden surface of the table. "To Christopher Kirk," Leonard said, raising his glass. "And to Leo, for getting us there quick enough to save your sorry asses," David added, not missing the trace of a smile his father gave him in response to that comment. "And to Jim, for just being Jim," added Carol quietly. The three drank in silence before eventually all retreating to bed. David wasn't as quiet as he thought he was and woke Chris as he clambered into bed beside him. "Mmmwha'time'sit?" he mumbled sleepily and David shushed him. "Don't matter darlin', back to sleep," he soothed, carefully cuddling up to him, being cautious to avoid placing his hands near any of Chris' injuries. "Have you been drinking?" Chris whispered after a few seconds. David paused. "No. Why?" "Thought I could smell it. Must be my senses all screwed up," he sighed. "Maybe. Just get some sleep," David said, careful to turn away so Chris wouldn't smell the alcohol on his breath again. Joanna stumbled, catching herself before she fell but not quickly enough to avoid jostling into a man standing at the crowded bar waiting to be served. "M'sorry," she slurred, trying to focus her eyes as he turned to face her. "McCoy?" She squinted and blinked hard before realising she recognised the face before her from that fateful day on the ship. "Tucker?" she responded. He nodded and pulled her closer, away from the mess of the dancefloor behind. "You here by yourself? Aint no place for a lady all alone," he said, hand staying protectively on the small of her back. "Most nights this week," she shrugged, flagging down the bartender for another drink and getting two this time, handing one to Tucker. "Shouldn't be drinkin' most nights," he said over the boom of the music, leaning closer to her to make himself heard. "You sound like my father," she muttered, draining her glass in one and setting the empty cylinder down on the bar with a satisfying thud. "Wanna talk about it?" he offered as he sipped from his own drink. "Talk about what?" she asked, crossing her arms across her chest. "Well, you look like you been here most nights this week, aint been sleepin'. You're pretty drunk, but not so that you can't control yourself, and you're alone… so you aint here to party. You're here for the same reason I am. To forget about everythin' you saw and heard that day up on the ship," he said, hazel eyes meeting hers which immediately filled with tears. "Hey, come on, lets get outta here," he said, his hand on the small of her back and carefully steering her towards the exit and out, up the stairs and back onto the street. "Did you have a jacket?" he asked as she shivered in her dress. "Don't need one," she mumbled. He unzipped his own and removed it, draping it around her shoulders and making her head swim slightly with the scent of his aftershave on the fabric. "You looked different up on the ship," she slurred slightly and he smiled. "Did I now? And how's that?" "I don'-hic-don' know," she mumbled, stumbling a little and causing him to grab onto her upper arm to steady her. "You can't walk in your heels Ms. McCoy," he pointed out and she shook her head. "Never could. Little sister struts about in 'em all day long, not me, nuh uh. Maybe an hour but then I'm like Bambi on ice," she groaned, pausing and flexing each ankle in turn. "Where we walkin' Tucker?" she asked after a few more minutes of semi-awkward silence and walking. "I live just around here, thought I could call you a cab from my place, or your father to come pick you up?" he said, tapping in an access code to a tower of apartments on the left side of the street. "Not my father. Can't be around him right now," she sighed as she followed him into the building and towards the elevator. Jo's eyes were swimming too much to be able to make out which floor he had pressed before she was wrapped up in a warm hug, strong shoulder for her face to rest against and large hands splayed on her back. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, Jo, I know… how close you were to Commodore Kirk, I can't imagine what you're going through right now. Everything that happened that day is bad enough, but for you dealin' with a personal loss too and not just the magnitude of the situation… I'm sorry," he said softly, one hand now smoothing the back of her head as his deep voice reverberated through her chest. The faint, lulling vibration of the elevator could be felt in her feet and the next thing Joanna was aware of was a set of soft blue sheets and a dimly lit room. It took her a few seconds to come to her senses and sit bolt upright, immediately regretting it as a sharp pain coursed through her head. "Feeling any better?" came a voice from the corner of the room. She looked over to see Tucker sitting in a slightly worn old armchair, PADD resting on his knee and glasses on his face which he swiftly removed and set aside. He'd changed into a pair of comfortable plaid pyjama pants and a plain white tee that showed he maybe wasn't quite as weak and weedy as his ill-fitting Starfleet reds had made him appear. "Yeah… I… uh… what happened?" Joanna asked, clearing her throat as her voice came out far deeper than she intended. "You passed out on me in the elevator. Got a little upset and then I think your drink got the better of you. I carried you inside, set you down here, and gave you a hypo for it to sober you up, hope you don't mind, but I didn't want you dyin' on me or anythin' like that," he said with a small smile. "Dying? I only had too much to drink, not gonna die," she asked, quirking an eyebrow. "Y'know. Choking on your vomit while you slept," he said, scratching the back of his head. "Well, very considerate of you, thanks," she said quietly, curling into a ball on her side and pulling the soft quilt up around her neck, closing her eyes. She drifted into a state of near sleep until she was roused by her shoulder being gently shaken. "Hey Joanna? Would you mind just drinkin' some water before you go to sleep? I don't want you getting dehydrated," he said and she blinked blearily, accepting the glass of water and attempting to drink, but miscalculating the distance to her mouth and slopping quite a lot of it down her chin and onto the bedcovers, leaving a large wet spot. "Shit, I'm sorry, I'm still kind of a mess," she sighed, pushing her hair out of her face and taking a deep breath. "No, it's fine. You can make it up to me though," he said with a small smile and she looked at him curiously. "Oh? How?" she asked and he sat down on the bed beside her. "Tell me, what were you doing in that bar? All dressed up like you are?" he asked seriously and she felt her eyes fill with tears, quickly looking away from his piercing hazel stare. "I was… uh… just out. Wanted to have a few drinks, was going to meet a friend a bit later and-" "Bullshit," he said, leaning forward, forearms resting on his knees as he looked out over the small bedroom. "You were looking for a man friend for the night, wanted to take your mind off things. Am I right?" he asked and she closed her eyes tightly. "It's none of your-" "No. You're right. It's none of my business. However, when we worked together up on the ship? I mean… I'd seen you around campus a little too, but working with you just confirmed it. You deserve better than just getting fucked by some guy who picks you up drunk and lonely and upset in a bar, Joanna McCoy, and excuse my language," he said, glancing back at her as she gave a very small smile. She sat up and peeled herself out from under the blankets, noticing her shoes had been carefully removed and pulling down her dress a little more to cover some more of her exposed legs, ending up sitting beside him on the edge of the bed. "I… I was out of line, I'm sorry, I shouldn't have expressed… my opinion like that. If you wanna go fuck all of San Francisco, then that'd be your right, ma'am," he said bashfully, looking away from her pointedly until she found herself placing her hand on his face, turning it so he looked back at her. "I don't. I didn't want to… god. I don't know what I was doing. I'm so lost right now," she said, biting the inside of her cheek a little as she felt tears well up in her eyes again that she forced back down. The hypo had cleared the majority of feeling drunk, but she felt far from sober and not entirely in control of her emotions. "My… Uncle Jim. You're right. He was very special to me. We were really close, from when I first met him when I was about five. I guess I just wanted to get out and stop thinking about him… after we got back and I eventually went home to my apartment and the first thing I saw was… was a stupid picture of me and him and my dad at my twenty-first birthday party… I just broke down, couldn't go back there. He helped me paint my living room too and it was all I could-" Joanna stopped talking and inhaled sharply, fighting back a sob before continuing. "So… I went home to my Dad and his wife's place… but that's been so tough. My brother's… friend, Jim's son, got hurt really, really bad… his twin and his sister are staying at my house, and between his injuries and Jim himself it's all anyone can think about and nobody talks about it but it's…" Joanna stopped talking as she allowed her tears to fall freely. Tucker made a sympathetic sound and took her hand carefully in his. "It sounds like a really tough situation that would make even the strongest of people go out looking for a drink and a distraction," he said, giving her hand a small squeeze. She sniffled and nodded and he leant closer to brush a stray strand of hair that had fallen across her eyes aside. "Don't end up doing anything you might come to regret, Kirk wouldn't have wanted that for you, your family wouldn't want that for you, and… well… I don't really know you all that well, but I wouldn't want that for you, okay?" he said and she nodded slightly, all of a sudden very aware of the fact his hand was still lingering on the side of her face. His fingertips lightly caressed her cheekbone, making her shiver and she allowed her eyes to close, naturally gravitating towards the man who'd been kind enough to save her from herself that night. Their lips lightly brushed together and he seemed to tense, but didn't push her away until she went back for more, much more insistently, and even then he did so very gently and with a kind smile on his face. "I… I'd feel I was takin' advantage if I were to let anythin' like that happen," he said sincerely and she shook her head. "No. You wouldn't be, you really wouldn't be," she tried but he held his ground. "We should get some sleep. Would you like me to call you a cab? Or… I guess I have a second set of pyjamas," he offered and she looked at him for a moment. "Can I borrow your toothbrush?" He cracked a smile, a genuine one. "Absolutely not, that's disgusting! But I think I have a spare somewhere," he said light-heartedly, getting up from the edge of the bed and rummaging in a drawer until he produced a set of sleepwear for Joanna and then leaving to go into an adjoining room, presumably the bathroom, and returning with a brand new toothbrush still in its packaging. "Blue is my favourite colour," Joanna commented absentmindedly as she looked at the toothbrush. "It's almost like I knew you were gonna come over," he said playfully and she gave him a weak smile, getting up from the bed and going into the bathroom to change and brush her teeth. She did the best she could to clean off all her makeup too, before walking awkwardly back out into the bedroom to find Tucker sitting on the edge of the bed facing her, pillow in hand. "I'll be right out in the living room if you need anything," he said, getting to his feet and picking up one pillow from the bed. "You're… going to sleep on the couch?" she asked and he nodded. "Yes ma'am. You don't know me, I don't know you, and it wouldn't be proper for me to not give you the bed and take the couch myself," he said and she visibly deflated. "I… this sounds stupid, but I don't want to be alone. Out tonight? OK sure I probably would have slept with some guy, but that wasn't what I was lookin' for. I wanted the… the afterwards, the closeness, the not feeling like I'm somehow dead but still walking around. I just don't want to be alone tonight," she repeated and he looked at her closely before sighing. "My cuddling is awful out of practice," he said, scratching the back of his head again in the nervous way that he did. "So is mine. Honestly, I'll be asleep in five minutes, I'll be no trouble, I promise," she said and he gave a short nod before gesturing to the bed where she immediately climbed back under the covers. Tucker joined her, and five minutes turned into chatting, which turned into talking in more depth, which turned into Tucker getting up and opening a bottle of red wine that he had sitting in his kitchen. The wine vanished, as did the space between them, and eventually their clothing as they fell into one another, both having revealed so much in their earlier conversations, their fears, their vulnerabilities, and how they felt after what had happened out on the Enterprise. Utterly exhausted, they fell asleep as the faint glow of the sunrise lapped at the bedroom blinds, naked limbs entangled and brains blissfully offline until they would wake much later. "You know what would be really nice right now?" Chris asked and David glanced round from where he was working at his desk. "What?" he asked and Chris stretched slightly. "A bath. Like… a hot bath, with water and bubbles and everything," Chris said hopefully. David looked at him for a few moments. It was the afternoon. They'd spent most of the day lazing around doing not a whole lot. They'd cuddled and watched a movie but David hadn't really been paying attention. His entire focus had been on his left hand splayed low on Christopher's mended ribcage, feeling the steady beating of his heart and willing it not to stop. "You want me to ask my Dad if you're allowed to?" he offered and Chris nodded, forcing himself up into a sitting position and leaning his back against the wall with a grimace. He was doing better with every passing day, getting stronger, but as time went on and his pain medication was being gradually reduced he seemed much more aware of what was happening and the fact that Jim was really gone. "And ask him if he can take a look at my back? I have a sore spot and I'm wondering if it's a chunk of starship trying to find it's way out," he sighed and David nodded, getting up from his desk and leaving his PADD where it was, going downstairs to fetch his father. "Hey Dad," he said as he approached the desk in the study. Leonard was sitting hunched over a set of scan results, poring through images and page upon page of writing. He glanced around and quickly turned the two PADD's over so David couldn't see what was on them. "Hey, kiddo, how are you?" he said tiredly and David shrugged. "I'm ok. Haven't been sleeping still though… so we've spent all day just lazing around. How was work?" he asked and Leonard sighed. "Tough. I wasn't ready to go back today, but, well, there are other people hurt and sick than just Chris and Leo, so I need to take care of some of them too," he said and David nodded with a small smile. "Leo's all clear still valid?" he asked and Leonard gave a small smile of his own. "Very much so, kids completely and totally cancer-free and healthy as a horse, eating like one too from what I understand of it," he said with a chuckle. "Yeah… Emily said he ate like… four pizzas in a day? Pretty wild," David shrugged. "I'll be booking him in for liposuction before we know it. So what can I help you with? You look all… like you got somethin' to be askin'," Leonard said, gesturing to the way David was now wringing his hands nervously. "Well… Chris wants to take a bath, like in real water. He asked me to ask you if that's ok?" he asked tentatively. Christopher was not only still in a large amount of physical pain every time his medication wore off, but his emotions were becoming more and more all over the place leading to frequent explosions of either anger or extreme sadness. David was doing his best to stay strong and not show his own emotions around him, just being a pillar of support and then taking his own sadness elsewhere. "He'd need to be supervised, and the water needs to be not too hot. He also wouldn't be able to stay long… maybe ten minutes?" Leonard offered and David nodded gratefully. "Thanks. I'll tell Leo and he can give him a hand," he said and Leonard turned back to his work. "Really? Leo'll give him a hand huh?" David felt his cheeks grow warm as he flushed pink at his fathers teasing comment. "We aren't… not officially… god knows. I have no idea. I'll offer Leo, guess it's less awkward having someone physically identical to you help you bathe than… y'know, me," he finished lamely and Leonard laughed. "But you guys had all the sex! How's that any different?" he asked and David felt his face burning with embarrassment. "Dad!" he whined, storming out of the room and back upstairs to find Chris smirking at him, sitting on the edge of the bed. "Your Dad making you squirm?" "Stay out of my thoughts," David said, putting his hands on his hips as he stood in the doorway. "Shield them and I will," Chris said, poking out his tongue a little bit and making David take two steps closer to him. "I'm warning you pointy, I don't care how crippled you are, if it's a fight you're after then I'll-" David found himself stopping talking and stepping forwards again until he was lowering himself to sit beside Chris on the edge of the bed, leaning closer until their lips just brushed together. He held his breath and waited to see if Chris pulled away, and when he didn't he kissed with a little bit more insistence, a little bit more passion and care and affection. "So, you going to help me take a bath or what?" Chris asked against David's lips and he paused for a moment before stuttering his answer. "I uh… yeah… I mean, I could comm. Leo? I mean, I think he and Emily only went for coffee in that hipster place she likes a few blocks away. If you'd be more comfortable with him helping you then-"David was cut off by Christopher's slightly chapped lips reconnecting with his own once again. "You'll do fine," he said with a tiny trace of a smile in his eyes. David nodded and helped Chris stand up. He stood up almost straight, but not quite, his skin still too tight to allow him to fully stand upright without it hurting. "Can I get another shot yet?" Chris asked with a wince and David glanced at the time. "Thirty minutes, sorry," David said and Chris whined as David helped him down the hallway to the bathroom. He persuaded Chris to perch on the edge of the tub whilst he filled it up, careful not to make the water too hot for his fragile skin. "Uh… ok, want me to turn around while you get in?" David offered and Chris looked down at the floor for a moment, mumbling a response that David didn't hear. "Hm?" David prompted him to repeat himself and Chris looked up. "I can't take off my own shirt," Chris said and David felt himself blush slightly. "Oh. Uh. Ok. Yeah, sure, I'll give you a hand… I mean, if you need me to," he stammered and Chris nodded, lifting the shirt as much as he could himself, waiting for David to do the rest which he did carefully, unable to tear his eyes away from the extensive scarring that had been concealed by the fabric. Chris was obviously uncomfortable baring everything like this, but did well to not show his discomfort too much. "I'm thinking I'll probably get a badass tattoo or something. Cover it up," Chris said as he stood up shakily and shucked his sweatpants and boxers in one go with no warning, meaning David choked a little on his inhale as he was faced with a fully naked Christopher eagerly trying to bound into the bathtub. "Slow down asshole. Here, just, there you go," David said as he offered his hand out. Chris took it as he stepped into the bath and slowly sat down before laying back very slowly, submerging his skin inch by inch until he ducked his face under water for a brief moment, emerging and pushing the water off his face with his free hand, reluctant to let go of David's with his other one. "Good?" he asked and Chris nodded. "So good," he agreed, leaning his head back and resting it so just his face was out of the water, closing his eyes. He kept his grip on David's hand, not letting him move, so David knelt down beside the tub, giving Chris' hand a small squeeze as he did so. They fell silent, the only sound in the room their breathing and the sound of the bubbles in the bathwater slowly fizzing away to nothingness. "So a tattoo huh? Of what?" David asked and Chris shifted a little, causing the water to ripple around him. "I don't know yet," he said, screwing his face up slightly in concentration. "Your face, on my butt," he said and David leant over, dipping one hand into the water and flicking some droplets at his bondmate indignantly. Chris smirked and peeked his eyes open for a moment. "Seriously? I don't know. I've got some ideas that I already had before this all happened… maybe I can use some of those. I want to get something for Jim too. Like maybe his birthdate or Starfleet ID number… something," Chris said with a sigh and David squeezed his hand. They were both silent for a moment until Chris sniffled. "I miss him a lot. And I miss Spock, because he died when Jim did. He'll never be the same person. I've as good as lost them both," he said shakily. David leant closer, eyes locking in on Chris' dark orbs, so full of pain, of stress and hurt and worry and grief. "Hey, no, you didn't. Spock is still alive and we're all going to help get him through this. It's not going to be easy, but we're going to help him and stay strong for him," David said firmly and Chris gave a tiny nod, tears brimming over in his eyes which David brushed away with his thumb. "Shh, darlin', it'll be ok," David whispered, leaning so far into the tub now that he was in danger of getting his clothes wet as he tried to stay close to his bondmate. "Leo's being weird," Chris sniffled and David nodded. "It hasn't hit him yet, he's in denial," he said gently. "And Seren is in shock. She's barely said a word to me," he said and David frowned a little. "Don't take it personally, she's barely said a word to anyone. My dad fixed her an appointment with a councillor he became aware of. He's some half-Vulcan dude. Hoping he'll get through to her," David said, glancing at the time. "Actually, that's where she is this afternoon, had an appointment for two o'clock," he said and Chris sat up a little, leaning his back against the tub and grimacing. "I hurt everywhere," he muttered, closing his eyes. "You're still healing." "We both know it's always going to hurt, don't sugar coat it," he said dejectedly and David hesitated before nodding. "Yeah. But we can find ways of helping you cope, manage it and mean you don't always have to be in pain," he said and Chris gave a weak smile. "You really hurt me when you were being such an asshole before," he said, closing his eyes so he didn't look at David as he said it. David glanced at the floor. "I know," he whispered. "I like the hologram though, it's really uh… really thoughtful," Chris said, causing David to glance back up to see a slight smile on his face. "No problem," he said, returning the smile and squeezing Chris' hand reassuringly. They fell silent for a few minutes until Chris took a deep breath. "It's been weird living in this… I don't know… painkiller and sedative fog. Did I miss Jim's funeral?" he asked quietly and David shook his head. "No, of course not. Spock is waiting for you to be well enough to go and I think for everything to set in properly in his own mind," David said and Chris stared up at the ceiling. "I can't imagine it. That he's really gone. I keep expecting him to appear next to my bed when I wake up from one of my naps. Once I woke up and thought Leo was him, but then I was asleep again before I could make sense of it," he said sadly and David stroked his hand with his own fingertips. He didn't have any words to comfort his bondmate as he lost control of his emotions again, but just sat with him and kept him company until the bathwater turned cold and he had to help him out and back to bed. Once Chris had fallen asleep, David crept downstairs and into the lounge, finding Joanna curled on the couch looking worse for wear, Emily and Leo sitting on either side of her, all speaking in hushed voices. "Hey Jo, what's the matter?" he asked as he approached and saw her tearstained face. "Did something stupid," she said tensely, sipping from her glass of water. Emily made a face at David that hinted strongly for him to drop it and not ask further questions, so he did as instructed and settled onto the other couch. Spock and Seren arrived a short while later. Her eyes were puffy and her face tearstained but she at least greeted everyone as she entered the room. By dinnertime Chris had woken up and ventured downstairs in search of more pain relief and Leonard had taken a close look at the point on his back that was causing him discomfort, but had dismissed it as simply a sensitive area and reassured Chris not to worry about it. Dinner itself was a slightly awkward affair. Joanna was still quiet a tearful. Leo was being his normal self, which seemed the strangest of all. Emily, Seren and Chris were all quiet and David just watched everybody. Spock made small amounts of conversation with Carol and Leonard and when the meal was over he glanced around the table, looking like he wanted to say something. "Though I feel it is not necessary, I have submitted to Admiral Archer's request that Jim receive his Starfleet funeral. This will take place in two days time. It is unlikely I will attend as I do not see the purpose in burying an empty box," he said in a hollow voice. Leonard opened his mouth to object and closed it again after a warning glance from his wife. "He'd be disappointed in you," Chris said without looking up from where he was glaring it his own hands on the table in front of him. Spock said nothing and rose to his feet, leaving the room silently. "It's time," Carol says softly, voice drifting in from the hallway. David steels himself and stands up, straightening his brand new dress uniform. He'd never believed the first time he wore it would be an occasion such as this. "Are you alright?" his mother asks him quietly and he nods, biting his bottom lip as the first of many tears to be spilled that day overcome him. She stepped forward and wrapped her only son in a comforting embrace. "You need to be strong for Chris," she said and David nods in agreement, sniffling. "I know," he says with a heavy exhale. "You can do this. We all need to be strong for him." David stepped back and looked at his mother, dressed in her own dark grey dress uniform, eyes red from her own tears. Emily appeared behind her, dressed all in black. It didn't suit her. She always wore bright colours, things that reflected her personality. To see her in black formalwear to attend a funeral just felt so wrong. "Alright," David said firmly, clenching his fists momentarily and taking a deep, steadying breath. "Let's get this over with." Every step Leo took felt like the hardest of his life. He kept his gaze firmly ahead, defiantly ahead, refusing to meet any of the sympathetic eyes trying to catch his, refusing to cave in to the emotional turmoil boiling inside him. His shoulder was numb to the weight of the casket resting on it. The empty casket. Jim's body had not been recovered, if it was even out there at all was anyone's guess. The explosion as the enemy ship had been destroyed had left a debris field so large it was estimated it would take over a year to search it thoroughly. They had nothing to even bury. No closure. Missing, presumed dead; that was the official status given to his father. They reached the front of the congregation and the casket was set down, Leo turning slowly, finally facing the scene he was so desperate to escape from. The four other men who had bared the casket with him were showing the strain. Chekov's eyes were pink and puffy, Sulu was white as a sheet, Scotty looked as though he was about to burst into tears, and Leonard McCoy was powerless to stop the two clear rivers running down his face. Behind them he could see Christopher, clinging to David and Seren for support as he struggled to stay on his feet. Leo could feel his agonising pain through their link but did nothing to block it, the rawness of it helping him feel even slightly alive in that moment. The five pallbearers sauntered to their respective seats, Leo settling between his twin and sister as the congregation were invited to sit by the man at the front of the room. Archer took a deep, weary breath. "This is a day I hoped I wouldn't live to see," he said, voice amplified through the large room by the microphone affixed to the lectern he was stood behind. "James Tiberius Kirk had a very long and happy life ahead of him, a life taken away by an enemy like nothing we have ever encountered before. He died protecting his family, his crew and ultimately his planet. He died a hero. He died my hero, because if there is one man who has ever lived who proved that one person could have it all, it was Jim," Archer paused and looked up. The room was jammed full. People standing at the back, still filtering into the room, silent and respectful. "Spock isn't here," Chris whispered to his siblings, voice cracking. David reached down and took his hand. "S'alright darlin', he just needs to grieve in his own way. We're all here," he whispered back, giving his hand a reassuring squeeze. "He is here," Leo said softly, becoming aware of an even deeper hush emanating from the back of the room. Seren turned her head and sure enough there was her father, picking his way through the crowd and heading towards them. She shuffled, sharing her seat with Joanna to make room for Spock to sit beside Doctor McCoy who nodded silently to him in greeting. He was pale and gaunt looking, but held his head up high and maintained his dignified silence. "I first met Jim almost twenty three years ago. Since that day I've watched him overcome challenges, I watched him accomplish things nobody before him had accomplished, to boldly go where no-one had gone before. I watched him grow up, grow into his Captaincy, take true responsibility for his crew. Jim's life has been like a movie played out before me. If I had to pick some of my favourite scenes I'd include watching him fall in love, seeing the first pictures of three beautiful children, and the day he got home from the five-year mission and I met those three for the first time. I'll never forget the look of pride on his face as he made the introductions." A single tear rolled down Seren's cheek and she quickly wiped it away with the back of her hand. A screen lit up behind Archer, a picture of Jim on it. He looked young and relaxed, gold captains shirt adorning his frame, small smile on his lips. He wasn't looking at the camera, but rather away from it, as though he had no idea the picture was being taken. "I'm going to invite anyone who'd like to say a few words about our Jim to come on up and share." A hushed silence filled the room and nobody moved immediately. Leo took a deep breath and stood up, able to feel the eyes of everyone in the room turn onto him. Bones caught his eye as he passed but said nothing. Leo straightened his stiff, brand new Starfleet greys and walked confidently to the stage to stand beside Archer who gave his arm a reassuring squeeze as he stepped up, no real idea what he wanted to say. "It's very difficult to try and sum up how any of us are feeling right now," he said shakily, initially surprised by just how loud his voice sounded in the room. "Our lives have been anything but ordinary, and we were incredibly lucky to share them with someone so exceptional," Leo looked around, trying to see as many of the faces as he could. "I know he wouldn't want people to be sad right now, and as difficult as that's going to be, I'm trying to stick to it. Focus on the positives." Christopher forced himself to look up at his twin, standing tall and straight in front of everyone, shoulders back, eyes taking in as much as possible. Their eyes met and Chris did not look away. "Everyone has their own favourite memories of Jim and I… I want everyone to take a minute to think of theirs," he said and the room fell, if possible, into an even deeper silence. Chris and Leo kept their eyes on each other. Not much longer and you can get back to bed. You're doing so well, Chris. Chris blinked hard and grit his teeth. Being sat in the stiff chair was causing him a lot of pain, Leo could feel it, David could feel it, but he didn't have the mental strength to block it from them both. "My personal favourite memory of Jim was when I was about six years old. We went to the beach, just me and him. It was warm and I can remember the feeling of the sun on my skin and the sand on my feet. He picked me up and told me that for as far as I could run there would be nothing I could bump into, nothing I could trip over, nobody around at all. So I did. I ran and ran all day and he was right there with me. I can remember him laughing, I can remember the feeling of his face when he smiled," Leo's voice cracked and he paused for a moment, regaining control of his emotions. "I remember how much he loved all of us, like we loved him, and he's going to be missed every minute of every day until we meet again. But he'd want everyone here to continue with their lives, not to let him not being here make us stop or even pause. So everybody, when you think about him, be thankful for the times that were had and not the ones that will never be. Let's remember his life, his story, his journey, out into the stars and back home again, and in those of us who'll carry that forwards. James Tiberius Kirk, thank you, for everything. We'll do you proud, Dad," Leo finished and stepped back. Emily wiped the tears streaming down her face with the back of her hand and glanced up the row of seats. There wasn't a single person who hadn't been reduced to tears by Leo's words. He snuck back to his seat, eyes stubbornly refusing the let even a single tear fall. "Leo that was beautiful," Carol sniffed and Bones nodded. He shrugged. "First thing that popped into my head," he said distantly. "Really, that was… really moving," Emily whispered to him as she took his hand. He didn't hold hers in return, but let his own hand stay completely relaxed. "I couldn't just not say anything. I didn't get to say goodbye, that's as close as I'll ever come now," he said, voice cracking again but still he didn't cry. Emily just nodded once and held his hand tightly. After the service itself there was a large congregation of people still loitering around. Emily broke away from the group, sneaking off to speak to Archer about something before reappearing with an acoustic guitar a few minutes later. As people began to finally file out of the room she began to play, a soft melody, just allowing each note to ring before she opened her mouth and sang. Well he laughs just like the rain, Never know when it's going to fall. If it will ever come again, Or if it ever came at all. I could spend my life, Just staring at the sky. He laughs just like the rain, And I've never felt so dry. I'm just like a train, Never stop and never slow down. Sing the same songs every day, Just sing them in a different down. I could spend my life, Waiting for the train to come. Well I'm just like a train, No more track to run. Leo vaguely recognised the song as being something he had heard Jim humming to himself. The melody was familiar though the words were new to him. "It was the most recently played song on his list," she said after she'd returned to their seats and Leo nodded. "It's a nice song," he said vaguely, staring blankly into space. Emily asked twice if he was ok, and got no response either time. It seemed only fitting that it began to rain as the four of them stood by the stone in the ground. "I…" Spock began but Leo put a hand on his shoulder to silence him. "I know. I… thought it just… fit," he said and Spock nodded once. Leo allowed his eyes to trace over the words on the stone once more, the words he had chosen to remember his father by. JAMES TIBERIUS KIRK. To the stars and back again. They left. Spock insisted that they should return to their own house, and they were too drained to put up much of an argument. They had been home only a few hours when Spock went upstairs and returned a few moments later clutching something in his hand. "I feel the time is suitable for me to give you this," Spock said quietly, presenting a small black box to Seren who opened it and took a deep, shaky breath. It was a data chip. "It contains a message for the three of you," he said flatly. Seren nodded once. "Do you think we should watch it now?" Chris asked and Seren looked at her brothers carefully for a moment. "Do… you guys feel okay to watch it now?" she asked. Leo nodded and Chris bit his lip and shrugged. "Now is as good as ever, I guess," Chris said and she mumbled a quiet agreement before inserting the chip in the holo-player. Spock excused himself from the room as a small, holographic Jim appeared before them. The image was relatively recent. He was thin, and wearing his wedding ring, so was likely to have been recorded after Spock had returned from his mission. The dark circles under his eyes told Seren it may have been close to the time Leo's illness was diagnosed, where Jim barely slept for weeks on end. Seren, Christopher, Leo. If you're watching this, the first thing I want to say is I'm sorry. Leo visibly tensed as he watched his father speaking. He fought against the overwhelming tide of emotions surging within him. I'm sorry that I no doubt died doing something idiotic. I guess I hope it was epic and worth it and memorable. Also, if it had anything to do with clambering into the warp-core of a starship, please give Scotty two hundred credits from my account because we have a little bet going. Jim's hologram chuckled slightly, looking down at something before looking back up and addressing each of them in turn. Seren, I'm sorry that I won't get to walk you down the aisle on your wedding day, because that would have made me so proud. I know you're being cautious when it comes to finding a partner, but my advice to you is to put aside the logical side of your brain. If something feels right, go for it. Follow your heart. You're incredible and beautiful and you just have this strength and you… god, I don't know where you got that brain of yours from, because you make Spock and I look like idiots, but just never change. Keep saving people, but don't forget to save yourself once in a while, okay? I love you baby girl. Seren sniffled and Leo took her hand comfortingly. Chris. If Spock isn't around either, then I guess that makes you the man of the house now. Look out for your sister, though I know she can look after herself, keep an eye on her, and keep an eye on that little brother of yours too, he's a troublemaker. Chris let out a choked half-laugh, half-sob as holographic Jim smirked, blue eyes twinkling in the way they did when he was up to no good. You're going to be a great man someday, Christopher. Right now you've got a lot of growing up to do, and I hope if you do ever see this message, by that point you've done a lot of that growing up already. I know you and I maybe aren't as close as I'd like… and if that hasn't changed if you ever see this, then I'm so sorry for that. If Spock was lucky enough to survive whatever killed me, then look after him. You two are more similar than I think either of you realise right now. Look after yourself, and remember to look after Leo too, he won't admit it but he does need you. Leo, you listen up. Leo looked up at the hologram he'd been trying not to focus on and tried to ignore the shiver that ran down his spine as Jim's eyes stared right into his own. You are the most stubborn, determined person I have ever met… I guess I never would have said this to you while I had to worry about the consequences, but I'll say it now since I don't. I was so scared of you when you were born. I thought to myself 'shit… Jim… you can barely handle a baby that can see, how are you going to deal with one with so many needs?' And you know what? You proved me so damn wrong, kiddo. Your determination and drive is just inspirational. Keep it up. Keep letting nothing ever stop you, nothing bring you down. I'm sure Bones and Seren will figure out some way of getting you your sight, and when that day comes I want you to go and enjoy it to the full. You're going to make a hell of an Engineer, and I swear to god if you aren't chief on a Starship by the time you're thirty I'll find a way to come back so I can promote you myself, got it? And once more for luck, you're effin' gorgeous, kid, and don't you forget it. Leo chuckled and Chris smiled weakly, wiping tears from his face with his hands. I've done some pretty amazing things in my life, but the greatest thing I have ever experienced is you three. You've given me… Jim paused, contemplating for a moment. Joy. You've made me the happiest, most proud parent that ever lived. Thank you for everything, thank you for… existing, for being… perfect. I can't even put into words how disappointed I am that I won't get to see you guys have your own children. I guess I'll try and give some advice though for when you do Jim sat back a little in his seat and looked thoughtful for a moment before grinning. Right. Uh, this is real important. If you have boys, make sure you put the diaper over them while you change them, because otherwise they might be like Leo was and decide it's fun to piss all over people, thanks again for that Jim winked and Christopher and Seren chuckled, Leo smirking slightly. It was such a bittersweet moment, watching Jim speak to him, all the years of longing to see his face move as he spoke, to see his eyes looking at him, and now he could… though only a recording. When you have your own children, and your baby grabs your finger for the first time… it's like nothing you'll ever feel at any other moment in your life. When you find that person that you want to make a family with, cherish them, and never let them go, never go to bed without resolving a fight and never let them feel unwanted. Spock and I are far from perfect, but we both know deep down that we'll be in the middle of a fight and I'll just start to laugh and we'll forget what we're even fighting about. If you find that, and you will, someday with someone, fight for it with everything you've got. Thank you for giving me the best family I could ever have hoped for, thank you for making my dreams come true, for making me so proud. Look after each other, and look after Bones too, no doubt the poor guy will be all upset with me being all dead and everything. Boys, take him for a beer sometime, lift his spirits, okay? And I know he's not the easiest of people to get along with at times, but if Spock is still around please look after him for me? He loves you just as much as I do, he just has trouble expressing himself. God… this is so hard… I want… the hologram paused as Jim fought back emotions, biting his lip before continuing. I want to say so much more than I have time to, I want to talk forever. I've made more holo's… they're in the safe, they tell you what to do with everything… money, the house… all of it. There are instructions for everything. Instructions for dealing with breakups and bad days at work and all kinds of 'dad' questions you might have wanted to ask me. Jim paused again and ran a hand through his hair. I'll let you three in on some secrets though. If I've died out in space, check the safe. I never wear my real rings if I'm going off planet, so my wedding band, Starfleet ring and Academy class ring should be in there. I want you to have one each. Fight amongst yourselves over who gets which he chuckled lightly. "He was wearing them," Leo whispered as he realised with a pang of sadness that his father had been wearing at least two of the rings when he saw him last. The last thing I want to say is be happy. Please don't be miserable that I'm gone, don't cry for me, don't you dare wear black to my funeral either. I know it'll take time, and you'll miss me, and believe me, I feel guilty as hell that I'm dead… but please don't spend too long grieving. Move on, get over me, find a new dad to be friends with… Scotty is pretty fun, and Bones isn't too bad either, latch onto one of them when you need human fatherly-company, and keep close with Spock, don't let him grieve either, get him back out there and marry him off to some hot young blonde with a great big rack Jim winked, wide smirk on his face and the three of them chuckled. I love you more than words can sum up. Have incredible lives, live long and… well… prosper I guess Jim smiled. I know the three of you are going to end up in space… It's in our blood. Just always remember, that for people like us, the journey itself is home. He paused, looking straight at the holo-recorder now so his eyes stared straight out at his three children. Goodnight kids, I'll see you again someday, I promise. Meet you on the other side. Jim had definite tears in his eyes as the holo ended and he vanished. Shaking with silent tears, Seren and Christopher each curled into their younger brother sat between them. He wrapped an arm around them each and held them as they cried for hours whilst he stared at the floor, completely numb, in total and utter disbelief at what was happening. "I am to assume by the somewhat excessive usage of Kleenex that the hologram Jim left for you was something of an emotional experience?" Spock asked from the doorway. Leo looked around and chuckled softly. Seren was asleep with her head leaning on his shoulder and Chris was also passed out with his head on Leo's thigh. There were piles of crumpled tissues all around, scattered on the floor, balanced on the edge of the couch, clutched in sleeping hands. "I guess you could say that," he mumbled. Spock took a few steps into the room. "It feels wrong to be in this house," he admitted, dark eyes scanning the room. "Tell me about it," Leo said glumly, looking carefully at his father. "Was he… taller or shorter than you?" he blurted out before he could stop himself. Spock looked at him strangely. "Sorry, I guess… I just… I never saw you guys stood together, and I… my visual references aren't that good still… and I… was thinking about it, earlier..." he trailed off. Spock sat down on the arm of the couch, one hand smoothing Seren's long dark hair off her face gently. "Jim was approximately zero point eight inches shorter than myself, though he would never admit it," Spock answered and Leo nodded. "Right. And he was a little skinnier than you too, I know that much from what I saw of him," Leo said and Spock shook his head. "He was not usually. His weight loss was most probably a result of recent stress caused by numerous factors, however he had begun to regain some weight. I estimate a further ten pounds would have sufficed. You could also stand to benefit from perhaps increasing your caloric intake at this time," Spock pointed out and Leo shifted a little. "I'm not hungry, but when it comes back, I'll eat like a pig for a few days just for you." "It would not be for my benefit but for yours," Spock said slowly as he glanced from Seren over to Christopher who was drooling a wet spot onto Leo's jeans in a deep sleep. "He's pretty gross. Old Chris would have died of embarrassment if he knew he drooled in his sleep. I don't think new Chris will care so much though," Leo said, ruffling his twins hair fondly. "I believe I agree with that assumption. How has he been?" Spock asked, he sounded clearly guilty and Leo frowned a little. "He's been ok, up and down. Emotionally all over the place, physically better at least a bit, my super-blood is helping him out. Nice and convenient that that little ability showed up just in time to save me from a nasty case of dead. Means I was around for him when he needed me the most," Leo said quietly. "It is most fortunate to have you both still alive and recovering. I am most fortunate," said Spock. He sounded like he didn't believe a word of what he had just said. "I know you want to leave," Leo blurted out and Spock tensed, looking at him curiously. "I beg your pardon?" "I know. That you don't want to stay here. Whether that means earth in general, or just this city… or whatever. I know you want to run away. I know that's what you want to do when times get tough, it's your natural response," Leo said flatly. Spock was silent for a few long moments. "I am not sure I am able to see your point," he said finally, dark eyes meeting Leo's nearly identical ones. "Don't. Don't leave us. Because we're all staying. Chris has David, and I have Emily, and Seren needs to put herself back together in familiar surroundings with her friends and family to support her, so please stay and be a part of that, please stay a part of our lives," Leo said quietly. His tone didn't sound like begging, more just a calm request from one adult to another, and almost as casual as a simple 'could you please hand me the juice?' at the breakfast table. "Leo. I will always be a part of your life, do not forget this," Spock said quietly, sounding somewhat hurt at his sons implying that he might abandon the three of them and leave the planet. "I won't… just… we're all going through this, we need to support each other, and especially keep strong for Chris right now," Leo said, looking down at his brother. "He has been hit especially hard, though I believe you are suffering from a delayed reaction to the events of recent weeks," Spock said, eyeing Leo carefully. "You think I'm all of a sudden going to crack when I realise it's all real? That I lost Jim and that I almost lost Chris?" Spock gave a small nod and Leo glanced at the floor. "Possibly. But more importantly, how do you feel?" Leo asked, smoothly deflecting and changing the focus of the conversation. "My feelings are no more important than yours or anyone else's for that matter. I feel… I feel anger, for the waste of Jim's life. I feel sadness, that I did not get to tell him how much he truly meant to me, not even one last time, but most of all I feel regret, that I was unable to save him. I will carry this regret for the remainder of my life," Spock said. His voice sounded forced, strained like he was holding back tears. Leo was silent for a moment before he pulled the data chip from his pocket that he'd placed there earlier. "Don't carry regret, carry this," he said, pressing it into his fathers hand. "Jim and I agreed with one another we would not leave messages for one another in case of death. We did not want to cause upset," Spock said, looking at the data chip as if Leo had just placed a large poisonous spider in his hand. "Well, I know where your one is for him, so, you both broke the rules there," Leo said with a small smile. He thought he almost saw the tiniest flicker of a smile in Spock's eyes, but it was gone before he could be sure. "Indeed we did." They were both silent for a long few minutes until Spock stood up. He didn't say anything but lightly touched Leo's shoulder as he walked past him to leave the room, no doubt going upstairs to watch the forbidden recording Jim had left him when he swore that he wouldn't. Spock settled on the edge of the bed, inserting the data chip into a PADD and taking a few moments to emotionally prepare himself. "Hey Spock," Jim said softly, blue eyes glinting in the warm glow of the sunlight streaming in through the window on the recording. Spock pressed the button to pause the recording, staring at Jim's frozen face for a long few seconds before turning the PADD over, deciding that today, he was not strong enough to do this. A/N So, thank you for reading! You're probably wondering why I haven't had any Jim in this chapter, or much about Spock's feelings... it's all coming, don't you worry ;) As I've said before, I absolutely will not ever give up on this story, just might take me a little longer to update at times. Thanks for your patience and sticking with me! xD Oh, and for anyone wondering, the song Emily sings at the end of Jim's funeral is called "Staring at the Sky" and it's by a dude named Passenger. This may not make any sense to you, but hearing it sung changes the meaning of it to me into a way that it just fits in that scene. Listen to it if you get the chance, it's rather beautiful.
A/N Hi there! I am alive! I am still writing this story! Haha... slowly. Sincere apologies for the long (unplanned) hiatus. I promise you, I absolutely will not leave this story unfinished. There will be an ending, it just may take me a little while to get around to it. But for now, here's chapter twenty-two. Please do review if you feel that way inclined, and may I also suggest as it has been so long since the last instalment that you maybe re-read the last one or two parts so you're all up to date of where everyone is at. Enjoy! xo EDIT 30/06/14 - Guys i'm so so so sorry that this initially posted without line breaks. When I coped it across from my Word doc it did, but removed them all for me. I've now added page breaks. Chapter twenty-two Jim walked a little further along the beach. It wasn't warm, nor was it cold, just the perfect temperature that he was comfortable in the loose-fitting casual clothes he was wearing. Glancing ahead he noticed a young couple playing in the sand, a child of around two years old paddling in the sea, short golden curls dancing in the sunshine. She toddled to her father, laughing as she did so and he picked her up, spinning her around before balancing her on his hip and turning to face Jim. Realisation striking him, Jim opened his mouth to call out. "Jim? Jim!" Jim sat upright, breathing heavily, sweat breaking on his brow. "Your brain activity was off the charts," Dr Phlox explained as Jim slumped back against his pillows. He'd been kept in sickbay for monitoring until his injuries from the shuttle were entirely healed. "I was having… a dream," Jim said quietly, trying desperately to cling to the mental image as it began to slip from his mind like sand in an hourglass. "What kind of dream?" Phlox asked and Jim pushed his hair up off his forehead. "I don't remember," Jim sighed, closing his eyes tightly for a few seconds before opening them again. "Dreams can be powerful things. Is it possible that perhaps some of the information you gave the Captain could have been the result of a vivid dream whilst aboard the shuttlecraft?" Jim narrowed his eyes. "If you think I'm crazy…" "I am not suggesting that you're… crazy, merely that maybe some of the details could have been imagined or embellished unintentionally by your imagination. I can verify certain parts of your account, so I know there is truth. For example I was able to detect in your blood a compound that allows you to heal faster than any other human I have ever seen, from your brainwaves I can detect some form of underlying telepathic bond, and from the scar on your abdomen it is apparent that-" "Wait. Did you say you could detect my bond with Spock?" Jim asked, interrupting the Denobulan. "Yes, I believe I am able to see your mental link amongst your brain activity. It's a long-established connection so will take a long time to fully fade away." "Does that mean he can feel that I'm still alive?" Jim asked, delving into his own mind, trying to find the small part of his brain that held the weak connection to Spock. The Doctor hesitated. "I can't say. Perhaps if we were to contact Vulcan, we could ask the advice of someone with more knowledge than I on this particular matter. I do not profess to be an expert on Vulcan bonds," he said and Jim pushed the pad of his thumb to his temple, allowing his fingertips to touch his face and closing his eyes, trying to focus on finding the link inside his head. "Your Vulcan crew member, might she know? The one who was here before?" he asked and the Doctor looked at him sympathetically. "Mr Kirk… I'm no expert in this kind of thing, but if what you are saying is the case and you really did fall through a singularity to end up here, it is possible that your family may have already reached the end of their natural lives. Space-time is an incredibly complicated thing, and not something that is even fully understood. I don't know that we'll be able to send you back to them, and driving yourself to insanity with a partially broken mental bond might not be the best course of action," the Doctor said, hands clasping behind his back and a sympathetic look in his eyes. Jim nodded, biting the inside of his lip. The thought had already crossed his mind. What had it been that Spock prime had said when he had gone through the black hole with Nero? A few seconds had ended up being years? Spock could already be dead; the kids could be elderly or also dead. His whole life as he had left it could be gone forever. Every second he waited was a second too long. "Is it possible to speak with Captain Archer?" Jim asked and the Doctor gave a short nod before bustling away. Jim screwed up his face in concentration, pressing his thumb harder against his temple. I'm trying Spock, I'm here, and I'm alive, and I'm trying. I'll get back to you. Just hang in there. "This'd be a lot easier if you kept still kid," Bones said gruffly as Christopher continued to squirm away from him. "I don't like it," he muttered, eyes tightly closed. His body relaxed a little and David ran a soothing hand over his. "Almost done Chris," he said and Chris gave a small nod. "Ok, everything looks good," the Doctor said as he finished checking over the healing scars, scanning them before physically examining them. "When do you want to start on reducing the scarring?" he asked as Chris opened his eyes and gave David's hand a grateful squeeze. "I… uh… I'll think about it," he said weakly and the Doctor nodded tiredly. He left the two young men alone in his office for a moment. Chris had pulled his shirt back over his head as quickly as was possible and was refusing to meet David's eye. "It's ok, Chris, you're doing really well. You don't have to be scared to come and get checked over. He doesn't need to do any treatment, nothing is going to hurt you, he's just looking, ok?" Chris sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "I know it's stupid… I just… I'm scared of hospitals, doctors, all of it. I don't like it." "I know you don't. But it's over now, no more for two whole weeks so let's just forget about it. You want to go get some ice cream or something?" David offered and Chris raised an eyebrow. "You forget Vulcans are desert creatures, right?" "Shit. Yeah… um, coffee?" David suggested, smirking a little and scratching the back of his head. Their relationship was going from strength to strength, and David had been Christopher's rock through his healing process. He was still being checked over by Bones on a fortnightly basis, but wouldn't need it for much longer. It had been three months, and he was nearing a state where he was as physically healed as he was going to get. "Coffee would be great," Chris said with a small smile. David held his gaze for a moment, leaning closer until their foreheads rested against each others, just relaxing in the contentedness of their bond through the close physical contact. He allowed his eyes to flutter closed, and smiled into the kiss as Christopher's soft lips pressed against his own. Thanks for coming with me today. I know I'm stupid to hate all of this stuff but I remember a lot more than I'd like about what happened. I can remember the initial surgery, being put under, I can remember voices and pulling in my chest and the burning and… it's just… the worst. Thank you for helping me keep calm today. David smiled slightly and broke the kiss. "You're welcome. And when you want to talk about everything you remember, I'll be here," he said and Chris gave him a grateful look before their lips reconnected. "Hey, no canoodling in my office," David's fathers voice interrupted them and they both turned to face the doorway where he was standing. "Chris, I'm referring you a psychologist to get some therapy about everything you remember, but I've signed you off as healthy enough to go back to the Academy as of today, so long as you keep up your physiotherapy for that arm," he said and Chris nodded, self-consciously flexing his left arm slightly where some of the muscle had been removed due to all the damage and it was a little smaller than the right. "Yes sir," he said solemnly. "Hey don't sound so miserable. The one that Seren's been talkin' to seems to have done her the world of good, right?" he pointed out and Chris gave a small nod. "Well I'll soften the blow with some good news then. Your blood is circulating normally again, so no more two-weekly checks and you should be all fine to get back to doing pretty much anything you want to do, exercise should be fine… as should… well, sex-" David cut off his father with a glare and the Doctor smirked a little before looking back at the part-Vulcan. "You seem stressed, kid," the Doctor said, sitting down at his desk and looking at him carefully. Chris could also feel David's eyes burning into the side of his head as he refused to look at him. "I'm worried about-" "About Leo, right?" the Doctor interrupted. Chris nodded again and sighed. "Look, Chris, I'll tell you the same thing I told Emily. He'll come back when he's good and ready to. I'm pretty sure that I know where he is, and that he's safe," he said and Chris tensed slightly, David giving his hand a reassuring squeeze. "I just… doesn't he realize that we need him here? It's bad enough that Spock is gone, let alone Leo running away too." "We can go looking for him?" David suggested. "I don't know if that's a good idea," Bones interrupted. "Bones… he's my brother, and we just lost our Dad. We need to be all together right now, not half a planet apart, assuming he's still even on Earth," Chris sighed and the Doctor looked thoughtfully at the elder twin for a moment. "How much do you know about Tiberius Kirk?" Leo stretched his back against the weight of the pack on it, rolling his shoulders and clicking his neck from side to side. He removed the heavy backpack and rummaged for his canteen of water, taking a large swig before putting it back. He sat for a moment on a boulder beside the path, a landscape of jagged mountains and sparkling silver lakes set out beneath his feet, deep blue slate punctuated with sections of parched green grass. Summer was still a few months off, but there had been little in the way of rain recently. He removed his communicator from his pocket and looked at it, as he'd got into the habit of doing. It had been over four days since Chris had last attempted to contact him, over a week since Seren had, around the same since Bones had, and almost a month since Emily. Emily. He'd been hiding out at his Great-grandfather Tiberius' cottage, deep in the mountains of Wales. The house was completely isolated and built into the side of a steep hill, set in acres of its own land bordered by dry stone walls that looked like they were far too unstable to remain standing on their own. Jim had maintained ownership of it, and had kept it habitable with occasional visits. Leo had accompanied him twice as a child, but his only memories were of counting his steps on the uneven slate floor and running his hands over the cold walls as he tried to not trip over. Now that he could see the old house was much kinder to him, even if it did hold many painful images. Framed on the walls were images of Tiberius himself, of George Kirk, and finally of Jim as a baby and as a young boy. Leo had taken them all down and left them in one of the other bedrooms; face down on the mattress along with the only mirror in the house. He didn't welcome the shiver that ran down his spine on seeing his own reflection. Walking was helping him to keep his mind clear. Leo had picked his way up every path of every mountain he could find, and then made some of his own when the real paths ran out. He knew he'd be barely recognisable when he got home. His hair hadn't been cut and was growing long enough to get into his eyes unless he pushed it back constantly, and he estimated he had gained a significant amount of weight. All the muscle he had lost through being unwell he had replaced, and then some more. He'd begin every day with a run from the cottage door, down to the nearby reservoir and around. Scaling an old stone wall would bring him back on another path, completing his six mile round trip. If he was cold he would light the fire. This had taken practice. Christopher had learned things like that from Jim, but not being able to see prohibited Leo from gaining the same experiences as a boy, and he was having to figure them out for himself now as a young man alone. He flicked through the menu on his communicator before settling on the only person he'd called in almost three months and pressing call again, for what he kept telling himself was the last time. He held the device to his ear and closed his eyes as the wind whipped up around him. There were a few moments of silence and then a small click as the device connected. Hi, you've reached Jim Kirk. I'm not around right now, but if you leave me a message I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Thanks! He sighed and closed the device. Three months without Jim. Without anybody after he'd run off. It had been too long. He steeled himself for the telling off and opened his communicator again; calling the one person he was expecting to yell at him the most for his absence. It barely rang once before there was an angry voice at the other end of the line. "Leo? What… where are you? Are you alright?" Chris demanded and Leo took a deep breath. "I'm fine. I'm safe. I… I think I'm almost ready to come back now." Chris sighed and Leo let his head fall into his empty hand, propped up with his elbow on his thigh. "I've been worried about you, asshole. Why did you run off like that?!" Leo looked at his boots, hoping they'd answer for him. After a few seconds he began to speak. "I… I don't know. I couldn't take it. As soon as Spock said he was going off planet I just… that was it. I couldn't be around. I needed to get my mind clear, figure out what I want to do and how to move forwards," he said, glancing back up at the landscape for a moment as he waited for his twin to respond. "Did you find the answers you were looking for?" Chris asked. Leo was taken aback for a moment. He hadn't expected such a mature question. He'd expected maybe some yelling, or an insult, or a threat of what Chris would do to him if he didn't come home soon. He paused for thought, eyes following the journey of a small group of windswept sheep as they made their way down the slopes below the path on which he was perched. "No. But I found other answers, and more questions, and these are things I'm not going to figure out alone. I'm coming home Chris, I'm coming back." "You look great," David smiled as Chris met him for dinner. He was wearing a black button down shirt and dark blue slim-leg jeans, finished off with black boots, the ones he usually wore when he would ride his hover-bike. It wasn't cold enough to need a jacket, but David was wearing one anyway. "Thanks, so do you," Chris said with a genuine smile. David was dressed similarly, but in a white shirt with a battered dark brown leather jacket over it, his jeans a slightly looser cut. "So, dinner?" David asked and Chris swallowed before meeting his eyes. "You didn't book a table?" David guessed, trying to read the expression on Chris' face. "Well… I was thinking that tonight maybe we could go for…" Chris paused and took a step closer to David, lowering his voice as he did so and leaning in closer to his ear. "Take out?" David tensed slightly and a wave of lust coursed through their bond. "You're ready to… you sure that you're…" David started and Chris put his hands on either side of his face. "Yes." They paused for a long moment, looking into each others eyes. "Your place?" David asked. "My place," Chris agreed. Chris, I already told you, if you're not ready… we can wait, I can wait forever. Just because you're allowed to now doesn't mean that we have to immediately- Shut up. I… I'm falling in love with you, ok? I want to… do this right. Slowly. We've got all night to just take our time, do whatever we want. If we do that, we do that. If we don't, then we don't. Chris pulled David close, connecting their lips firmly. Just… shut up and get in the car. "Keptin?" Spock did not glance up from the PADD he was surveying in great detail but beckoned to the familiar voice with one hand. "You have reciewed a transmission from Earth, sir," Chekov said quietly. Spock looked up from the PADD momentarily, dark eyes boring into the smaller man before him. "It was… Doctor McCoy…" Chekov trailed off. He looked down at his own feet. He'd been visibly unhappy during the entire length of their mission so far. He did his bare minimum duties, and without any of his usual level of enthusiasm. "Was it important?" Spock asked and Chekov looked back to him. "He did not say Sir," Chekov answered meekly. "Did he request me return his communication?" Chekov ran a hand through his curls and met the Vulcan's gaze. "He is still on the line, Sir. I can hawe it patched through for you to take in here?" he offered. Spock thought for several seconds before giving a small, single nod. Chekov retreated from the room and moments later the comm. screen burst into life, a pixelated image appearing before clearing up after a few seconds. "Oh, so you are still alive," the Doctor spat. "Sometimes I wish I was not," Spock responded blankly. His response seemed to take the Doctor by surprise and his prickly exterior retracted somewhat. "How are you, Spock?" McCoy asked and the Vulcan straightened in his seat. "I am still in a state of considerable emotional distress. I cannot sleep. I am functioning at a reduced level of performance to the degree of sixty four point-" "It sucks, don't it? Grief. Losing someone you love is… one of the worst kinds of pain a person can experience, but its something almost everybody will experience. But Spock, you need to come home. You're making this worse for them. They need you Spock." Spock closed his eyes for a few moments before opening them again, blinking back the tears that were rapidly welling up. "It has been three months Leonard. I feel no different than the moment I lost him. How can I go on?" Spock's voice broke. The tears fell. He ordered the computer to lock the doors of his ready-room. Only Chekov could enter now, but he would know better than to override the access. "You need to come home, Spock. You gotta be with the people you love, the people you care about. Surround yourself with support and comfort and it will get easier. It won't go away, and you aint never gonna stop missin' that stupid pain in the ass… but he wouldn't have wanted you to leave the kids like this," the Doctor sighed. He ran a hand through his hair and scratched at his stubbly cheek, grimacing. "Leo's still MIA," he reported. "Chris is getting better, discharged him from my care today… he's going back to the Academy, determined as hell to make Jim proud. Seren is back at work, stayed here in San Fran and she's seeing a grief counsellor, working through things in her mind and-" "If you are going to suggest that this counsellor may be of some assistance to me you are mistaken," Spock interrupted. McCoy fell silent for a few moments before answering. "He's a Vulcan. He specialises in grief involving the sudden severance of a mental bond." Both men were silent for a few long moments. "And how are your children?" Spock asked quietly. He quickly wiped his face with the back of his hand. McCoy looked taken aback for a few seconds before answering. "They're… fine I guess. Joanna is seeing some guy that was on the ship that day, I don't know if you met him, he was on the bridge, kid by the name of Tucker. Seems nice enough. Emily spent a lot of hours crying over your son who decided to run away and has since got herself together and is away with some friends right now. David and Chris are… adapting to their life as a bonded couple rather than best buddies. Seem to be doing okay at it," he reeled off and Spock nodded. "It is pleasing to know that they are in good health," Spock said mechanically. McCoy let out a deep sigh. "Molly Scott is doing fine too, she's working for Starfleet. Bypassed most of the Academy but she's still taking some classes alongside working. Nyota and Scotty seem to have created quite the brain between them there, Starfleet have got her hacking all kinds of stuff, beefing up their security. Never seen anything like her since Chekov." "She always had enormous potential from a very young age," Spock said and McCoy nodded before pausing. "Spock I… I found you someone to talk to. I really hope that you'll take me up on this, because it wasn't the easiest thing to work out. He's here now, and he's… well… he's gone through exactly the same thing as you, and I'm hoping that if I can't convince you to come home, that he can. I'll leave you guys to it," he said, immediately standing up and vacating the view of the comm. screen and leaving Spock to stare at an empty seat for a few moments before being met with a very familiar face. "Mr Spock." "Mr Spock," he raised the Ta'al in greeting to his older counterpart. "I will start by saying that what you are going through is the greatest hurt I ever faced, a pain that has never subsided but over time has dulled. I am hoping I can help you come to terms with it. I… was deeply saddened to learn you had lost him so young," he said slowly and Spock blinked hard, forcing back any more tears that might threaten to spill. "We were robbed of many more years we might have shared," he said and Spock Prime nodded. "Indeed you were. My Jim was also taken from me too soon," he said, silently inviting his younger counterpart to ask him how he had died. "I wish that I could tell you that my Jim died peacefully in his sleep of natural causes; that it was in the way we expected. But that would be a lie. The truth in fact is that the situation was quite similar to the one which you find yourself in today." Spock Prime paused before continuing. "My Jim was shot. In my timeline Doctor McCoy created an incredibly valuable serum. It could be used as a cure for a great many diseases across a number of humanoid species. The serum passed all trials and was approved for production. They said that it might save millions of lives, perhaps billions, but some were not enthused by this prospect. A select group of individuals believed that this serum had to be stopped, that Doctor McCoy had to be stopped. Every Thursday evening at around nine, Jim would meet Doctor McCoy and they would go for a drink. This routine did not go unnoticed and they were targeted by this group. A shot intended to kill Doctor McCoy was taken by Jim, who pushed him aside. He was killed instantly and there was nothing anyone could do to help him," Spock Prime finished and Spock stared at him for a few moments. "He died protecting someone he cared about a great deal, much like your Jim. Spock, you must take comfort in this fact. Jim valued the lives of others, including yours, your children's, and everyone aboard both ships above his own. He gave himself so that many others would live and ultimately I believe in any existing other alternate reality version of Jim; that is the way he will die. That is his destiny." Spock was silent for a few long moments, staring at his counterpart's wizened face. "I have never asked. Did you… have children? With him?" Spock asked and Spock Prime shook his head. "No. We did not. We had intended to perhaps adopt, I always knew he would have made the most excellent parent. We seemed to just never get around to it. Watching your Jim with your children was a highly fulfilling experience for me. Spock… forgive me, if I cause you upset with this remark… but I believe Jim would be-" Spock Prime paused before continuing, "-disappointed with how you have handled the situation. Your children may be adults now, but they require your presence at this time. Remember they are feeling the same pain as you, now made worse by the fact you have also become absent from their lives." Spock remained silent as his mind raced. He knew he was right. Warm hands traced over firm muscles and taut skin. Small gasps and whimpers escaped from lips, eyes falling closed at times, as much as they tried to remain open. Christopher's hands grasped at fistfuls of the bedsheets as David continued to carefully prepare him, drawing low moans from his throat. "S-so good," Chris whispered, eyes rolling back as his prostate was nudged again. David smirked, leaning down to kiss his thigh, one hand splayed on his lower back, thumb rubbing reassuring circles into the skin. You doing ok? David could tell Chris wasn't entirely fine. He'd insisted on the lights being off entirely and had seemed hesitant at first to remove any of his own clothing, then had insisted David be the one to top while he lay on his front. "M'fine," he mumbled against the pillow. "Chris come on… I feel like I'm… forcing you. What's wrong, huh?" David asked gently, carefully withdrawing his fingers and laying down beside his bondmate, blue eyes pleading with his brown ones for an honest answer through the dim light. "I… I don't know. I'm nervous. I don't want to mess up, I don't want you to not like it, or not like me. I know this is the first time we've done this without me either being under the influence of ridiculous hormones or really mad at you and treating you terribly… so… I want things to be right I guess," he answered bashfully. David smiled and leant in to kiss the tip of his nose. "You're stupid sometimes," he said, keeping his forehead pressed against Christopher's. "Why?" Chris asked, furrowing his brow. "Because, Chris I… you're amazing. You're not going to mess up, and this is already just right. You just need to stop being so shy, ok? I love the way you look and I want to be with you," he glanced down at his insistent erection and smirked, looking back up to Chris, "Apparently I want to be with you pretty damn badly." Chris gave a small chuckle and shifted closer, wrapping his arms around the smaller man and kissing him deeply, their chests pressed together, legs entwined. They kissed until they were breathless, growing needier, more passionate, more desperate. "I… Are you sure?" Chris whispered, breaking the kiss quite suddenly. "Am I sure what?" David asked patiently. "That you want me?" Chris asked and David held him closer, placing a kiss on his temple. "I want you… in every kind of way. I just want you," he said sincerely, eyes locked with Chris' through the dim light that was getting through the blinds. Chris seemed to finally accept the answer and rolled them so he was on his back, submissive beneath his bondmate, legs rising to wrap around David's waist and pulling him closer. "Wait a second," David chuckled, biting the inside of his lip as he gripped himself at the base and gently pressed against the prepared entrance before pushing forwards very slowly. Chris used his grip with his legs to pull David all the way down in one movement, shifting his hips slightly and looking a little uncomfortable once he was fully sheathed. "You good?" David asked breathlessly, using every ounce of his self control to not just thrust mindlessly into the tight heat until he hit his own release. "I'm great," Chris whispered back, reconnecting their lips in a gentle, sensuous kiss. David began to move very slowly and soon established a rhythm that was drawing small gasps of pleasure from them both. It took them a while to realise they could feel each others pleasure as well as their own, echoing through their bond and magnifying, growing larger and larger until neither of them could stand it any longer and in a blaze of dizzying pleasure, they reached a peak together, grasping at each other and forgetting anything but each other for a few long moments. Chris fell asleep first, leaving his bondmate to push his hair back off his sweaty forehead and place a small kiss there. "I love you," he mumbled, wrapping him carefully in his arms and closing his eyes. David woke up in an empty bed, the sound of the shower running telling him where to find his bondmate. He sat up and stretched, his muscles aching in a pleasant way from the activities of the previous night. He stood up and let the sheets fall away, walking naked towards the bathroom where he found the door open and Chris showering with his back to the door. David leant casually in the doorway and waited to be noticed. Chris turned and glanced at him, smirking as he continued to wash. David took it as an invitation and crossed the room, joining him in the glass shower cubicle and giggling as Chris dragged him under the water with him immediately. "Morning," Chris grinned, foaming up shampoo in his hair. "Morning yourself," David smiled, leaning across and picking up the bottle of shower gel before beginning to wash. It took seconds before they were both giggling and covering each other with various shower products. "You got shampoo in my eye! Asshole," Chris pouted, bringing the game to an abrupt end as David tried to apologise. The door buzzer rang and both men looked at each other, both expecting the other to leave the warmth of the shower to go and get it. "It's your apartment!" David protested as Chris sighed and grabbed his towel, wrapping it around his waist and grabbing David's towel to cover his upper body before padding out into the lounge and to the door. He peeked first, then flung the door open once he saw who was outside. "You… are an asshole," he muttered as Leo stepped forwards and they hugged each other tightly. "I know I am. I'm sorry," he sighed. "S'ok. Just glad to see you." "It's weird being back," he admitted as they let go of each other. "Hey! You took my towel!" David protested loudly from the bathroom. Chris smirked and directed his twin to the couch before going back to the bathroom to return the towel and then grab himself some clothes. Once he was dressed he walked back out into the lounge, roughly towelling his hair dry and getting a proper look at his twin. "You look less like you might drop dead at any moment," he commented as he looked at his brother thoroughly. The colour had returned to his skin, and he'd gained weight and muscle. He had stubble on his face and his hair was longer than Chris had ever seen it before. Leo gave a weak smile. "Yeah. Feeling better. You look better too. David taking good care of you?" he asked as David walked out from the bedroom wearing jeans and carrying his shirt, towelling his hair dry with the other hand. "Don't you know it," David smirked, wrapping an arm around Chris from behind and kissing the back of his neck. Leo looked away and Chris cleared his throat, causing David to let go. "Well that's good, I'm uh… really happy you guys got things worked out. Was worried maybe you'd never be friends again," Leo said weakly. "So how are you finding seeing? And where have you been hiding?" Chris asked. "The hiding… Tiberius' cottage… the seeing… well…" Leo trailed off, looking down at his feet. "I kind of want Seren to undo it," he said, looking up and meeting his brother's eye. "Really? But you always wanted it." "But now that I have it, it isn't what I thought it would be. I… can we talk about something else?" he asked with a sigh. David and Chris met each other's eye for a moment. What's the matter with him? He's like… he's not my brother anymore. He's totally different. "So, Leo… you going to do your final term of school now? Graduate then go to Starfleet?" David asked, pausing before mentally answering Chris' question. Everyone has changed because of what's happened. Look at how different you are than a few months ago… it's just the way things are I guess. "I… yeah I guess so. Hey is Emily around? I called her when I got back but she… her communicator went right to voicemail?" David shifted awkwardly. "She uh… changed her frequency. She's in Europe, London probably. Not sure what she's doing though." "Can I have her new number?" Leo asked and Chris looked at his twin sympathetically. "She asked us not to give it to you, but you're welcome to use my comm. and call her, she said she wanted to say something to you," Chris explained. "Why doesn't she want me to be able to contact her?" Leo asked, screwing up his face in confusion. "Because you broke her heart," David said abruptly. David, go easy on him. Last thing I want to do is scare him into hiding again. Leo was silent for a moment, staring out of the window at the bustling city below. "I never meant to hurt her," he said quietly. "I know that, you just need to reassure her of that. I'm sure that she'll understand, you know, it's been a really tough time for us and you needed your space. You needed to be away and by yourself to interpret how you feel about this whole thing with Ji-" "Don't," Leo interrupted his twin, closing his eyes momentarily. "Just… don't say it. I don't want to hear his name. That's why I left. I can't hear it, I can't think about it. Is Spock back yet?" Leo asked and David snorted. "Selfish asshole is still off on some pointless mission somewhere," he said. Chris and Leo were both staring at the floor, both miserable. "And Seren?" Leo asked. "She's here, working at the hospital. She had a month off but then went back, she's been talking a little about Starfleet medical, seeing if she could get on an accelerated program, train up to be a doctor on a ship and then head out into space," Chris explained and Leo shook his head. "No. That's all wrong. That doesn't sound like her at all. She's never wanted to go out into space," he said and Chris shrugged. "Everyone has changed now, nothing is like it used to be," he said and Leo stood up, walking slowly over to the window and looking out and then up at the endless blue of the sky. He pressed one hand against the glass and continued to stare into the abyss above them, longing for when life had been so simple. Christopher found his first fortnight back at the academy both mentally and physically exhausting. David had switched track and was now taking classes for accelerated command track, meaning they shared only two classes a week rather than most of their timetable as they had before. It also meant he had evening classes, meaning their time together was drastically reduced. Chris didn't mind too much, though it was a big change from the days where they had nothing to do but spend time together and wait for his injuries to settle down. He noticed himself getting slightly breathless if he took more than a few flights of stairs at the academy building, but he just passed it off as nerves due to being back. Leaving his biochem class he turned a corner into a quiet hallway, meeting a familiar face who looked like a deer caught in the headlights as their eyes met. "I tried to call you," Chris said as Molly glanced around, seemingly looking for a way to escape. "Yeah I uh… I didn't really have a lot to say," she said quietly. The look on her face was hard to read. Remorse was there certainly. Guilt. Shame. "I'm not mad at you," Chris said quickly and she seemed to relax a little bit. "I'm never going to be able to thank you enough for saving my life," she said quietly, eyes all of a sudden brimming with tears. "It's ok," he shrugged and she shook her head. "It isn't. You almost died Chris… and it was because I was being stupid. I didn't think about the risk of-" "You weren't being stupid, ok? Things happen. I'm all healed up now and I'll live. It isn't a big deal," he said, trying to sound casual. "But I ruined your career!" she protested and he snorted with laughter. "What? Taking my shirt off? That wasn't a career. That was a pathetic teenage rebellion to get back at Spock for having such a gigantic stick up his ass. I mean sure, the money was nice, but it would have all stopped eventually anyway. I'm better now, I'm… happier now I guess. More fulfilled. Three more years and I'll graduate and I can get out into space, following in Jim's footsteps, making him proud of me," he said and Molly looked visibly shocked. A single tear escaped her eye and trickled slowly down her face. "I… I'm sorry, about Jim," she almost whispered. "We all are," Chris said quietly. Surprising even himself he stepped forwards and pulled her into a friendly hug. "I'll see you around, okay?" he said as he let her go and stepped back. She nodded and sniffled before straightening her reds and striding down the corridor determinedly. He did the same. Getting his emotions back under control before heading in the opposite direction to where Molly had just gone. His comm. sounded in his pocket and he removed the device, frowning at the caller ID before bringing it to his ear. "Kirk here," he said expressionlessly. "Son," Spock sounded tired. "Spock," Chris said flatly. "I am home," Spock said and Chris closed his eyes for a moment as his emotions surged again, fighting back tears that were doing their best to escape him. "Took you long enough. Are you at the house?" Chris asked. "I am not. I believed it to be of great importance for me to visit… Jim's memorial. I will be returning home shortly. Would you perhaps care to join me?" he asked and Chris sighed. "I've got a class starting in ten minutes… I can't miss it. Could I just meet you at the house later?" he asked. "Of course," he said shortly. There was a moments hesitation before the call clicked off. Chris sighed and sent a quick text to Leo and Seren as he walked to class. Spock is back, he sounded weird when he called me so watch yourselves. His class passed quickly and he was soon walking from the academy back to where he had left his bike that morning. A sense of unease crept up on the part-Vulcan as he walked, as if someone was following him or watching him. He glanced around casually, though he spotted nothing of suspicion and shook it off as merely his heightened emotional sensitivity getting the better of him, making him paranoid. He walked the remaining two blocks and approached his bike, exactly as he had left it except with the addition of a man waiting near to it who watched him as he walked over. The man was nothing remarkable to the eye. Average height and build, brown hair, and looked fully human with no obvious alien features to be seen. Chris approached, pulling the keys for his bike from his pocket as he did so. "Christopher Kirk?" the man approached him and Chris met his eye. "Can I help you?" he asked suspiciously. "Maybe. I wanted to ask you about the alien creatures you saw that day on the Enterprise? The robot-like beings?" the man asked. "I didn't see anything on the ship," Chris answered quickly. "Sure you did. They're calling them the Borg, right?" Chris narrowed his eyes. "Who are you?" he asked. "Nobody. A friend. I just want to know how far you'd be willing to go to take them down, get revenge for your father." Chris looked at him for a moment before getting onto his bike and putting the key in the ignition, staring the bike and speeding off, the man watching silently the whole time. "Creep," Chris muttered as he drove towards home, thinking nothing more of it as he turned his attention to Spock.
Chapter Twenty-Three "And how does that make you feel?" Seren took her time before she answered; fiddling with the end of the long braid her hair was bound into. "It makes me feel… pleased." "Spock coming back must have been a big step for him, as for your brother," he said, sitting up even straighter. She doubted it was possible to sit any straighter in a chair than he already was, but he somehow managed it. "We always knew Leo would come back once he had his mind cleared, but Spock… I mean I was worried he might have gone forever," she said, glancing up and meeting his impossibly dark eyes. They looked at each other for a long moment before he looked away, eyes fixing on the floor instead. "I believe that both your brother and father may have completed the first stage of the grieving process, denial and isolation. What about you? Have you experienced any feelings of denial? Or desire to isolate yourself from others?" he asked and she bit her lip, glancing out of the window briefly. "I… well sometimes. I saw a car just like his drive by me the other day, I was half expecting it to make an illegal U-turn and pick me up, like he used to do, take me out for lunch or for a walk in the park," she sighed. "Sometimes I cannot accept that he's gone, that I won't see him in the kitchen in the morning, trying to do ten things at once for Starfleet whilst also trying to do laundry and eat breakfast," she gave a sad smile. "And sometimes yes, I do want to be alone with my thoughts, with the way I feel. I go for walks alone or I use my meditation time to attempt to get my mind centred again, try to suppress the feelings." He nodded and made a small note. "Have you experienced any feelings of anger?" She thought for a moment. "Why would I have not? Someone I loved very dearly was taken from me, murdered… trying to protect other people and I-" He looked at her carefully and she stopped speaking, only then becoming aware that her hands were clenched tightly into fists and her voice was shaking. "Yes. I experience anger. I also sometimes wonder that if I had acted differently that day, if I had perhaps delayed him, if I had gone instead… this would never have happened. He'd still be here," she said bitterly, now positively glaring out of the window over his shoulder. "Seren." She looked back at him, eyes meeting his again. "You are not at fault," he said slowly and clearly. "I had… I had an opportunity to stop him going… I could have saved him," she ended in a whisper, throat constricting as tears began to rise against her control. "You could not. His decision was made. Of everything I understand about James Kirk it is clear that once he had made up his mind about something, it could not be changed. How is Spock?" he asked and Seren closed her eyes, wiping away the two tears that had escaped onto her cheeks. "He is… quiet and subdued, however he is home and I'm grateful that he is," she said and he nodded. "Focus on this. Focus on yourself, your family, your father. Do not focus on your anger at those who took Jim's life, do not attempt to over evaluate the past as it cannot be changed." She was silent for a long moment before she glanced up. He was looking out of the window now, looking at the tree outside where the leaf buds were just starting to open. "Soren?" she said quietly and he looked back at her immediately. "Yes?" he asked and she cleared her throat. "Would you… would you be willing to look at my memories of that day? To help me to gain some sort of clarity?" she asked and he pursed his lips. "Engaging in a mind meld with a patient would be highly unprofessional," he said matter-of-factly. "Ok," she said quietly, going back to staring at the floor until he asked his next question. Something about this man fascinated her, since the first moment she had met him when they bumped into each other in the hospital hallway. She could tell he wasn't a full Vulcan, but aside from that and his name and occupation, she knew almost nothing of him, but part of her wanted to. His eyes always seemed to be telling a different story to the rest of him, and the obvious humanity displayed in them betrayed the stoic façade that he maintained so carefully. She made it to the end of her appointment and then left with a polite goodbye and the agreement to book her next appointment soon. Crossing the street as she left she glanced up at the window of his office, certain she saw him duck out of view as he noticed her looking. Going to be a little late, be there in 10? Joanna sighed as she picked up the message, sending a quick reply. Sure, I'll be waiting. A first year and fourth year schedule didn't fit well together. Tucker was only a few months off graduation and was working flat out to finish everything. Joanna found their conflicting schedules frustrating at best, but was persevering. Their first night together had been a mistake. She knew that, she was also fairly certain that he knew that, but this new relationship seemed to be anything but a mistake. Aside from their schedules causing trouble, everything was going perfectly between them, and was quickly becoming her longest relationship to date. She grinned as she noticed him crossing the courtyard, walking awkwardly with one hand behind his back. "You know what today is?" he asked and she scrunched up her face a little bit in thought. "Thursday?" she asked and he chuckled. "Our three month anniversary," he pointed out, removing the red rose from behind his back and presenting it to her. "Well that's adorable, thank you," she grinned, accepting it and placing a small kiss on his cheek. "No problem darlin'. So, can I walk you home?" he asked, taking her hand. "Well that's why I waited for you, I was fully expecting to be walked home," she said mock-indignantly. He didn't know about the bottle of wine in her fridge and the candles ready in her apartment. They'd been taking things slowly in their relationship. She'd quickly learned that Quinn was something of an old-fashioned gentleman and as a result he'd apologised profusely for their drunken night together and then insisted they hold off on sleeping together until they were both sure that it meant something to them. "So, your last month at the academy?" she asked and he nodded. "I know right, pretty crazy. Six weeks time and I'll be a fully certified Starfleet pilot. Ensign Charles Tucker the fifth, at your service ma'am," he smirked, pretending to tip an imaginary hat. She chuckled and playfully hit his arm. "You're such a dork." "Pssh. I'm cooler than cool. Everybody knows the coolest person on any ship is the pilot," he said, rolling his eyes. "How're your classes going?" he asked and she shrugged. "Right now I'm finding them a little easy, but I know they'll only get more difficult as time goes on." "Yeah… I guess that's about right. I guess with the linguistics experience you already have, first year would be a little light for you." She twirled the rose in her fingers as they walked and her mind all of a sudden clicked into realisation. "Wait… as soon as you graduate… you're eligible to be sent out on any mission they request," she realised aloud. He looked at her strangely for a moment. "Uh… yeah. That's kind of why I signed up to Starfleet, go on missions and all that, maybe in space?" he joked and she sighed. "So you're going to leave me?" she asked, immediately hating herself for how vulnerable that sounded. Joanna had always been proud of herself for her strength, but there was just something about this man that made her completely open to him. "Well, if I get called for a mission and out into space, yes, but not leave leave. Only for the mission, not like… break up or anything, that'd be dumb," he assured and she smiled slightly. "I like you a lot, and not even Starfleet can get in the way of that, okay darlin'?" he asked and she nodded, her small smile breaking into a grin that only grew wider when he took her hand as they continued to walk. Jim paced the small room repeatedly. He paced and thought and theorised and planned. Any tiny scrap of an idea of how he could get back to his family had to be worth considering; and his mind ran repeatedly over and over increasingly more ludicrous schemes until he annoyed himself and slumped down onto the edge of his bunk. He'd been released from sickbay and had been half expecting to be sent to the brig. He hadn't been. Instead he'd been assigned some guest quarters that were comfortable enough if a little impersonal. He'd been left mostly to himself though he did have reasonably freedom to roam the ship as he wished aside from a few restricted areas, probably as Archer and his crew attempted to contact Starfleet to decide what to do with him in the meantime. The crew members he had encountered were friendly and interested in his story, and didn't seem at all as though Archer had told them to keep away. As much as Jim thought about it, he couldn't figure out exactly what had happened out in that shuttle. He'd released his docking with the Borg ship, but that was the last thing he remembered. From what he knew of black holes, one of a small selection of possibilities had happened. The first was that he was in the past of his own timeline. The only way he could be sure of this would be to wait for a large important event and see if the outcomes were all the same. The second was that he was in the past in an alternative timeline. If this were the case, nothing may be the same at all, and he'd have to be careful. He couldn't know until he got back to Earth or got access to some sort of computer. The door chime sounded and pulled him from his thoughts. "Uh... come in?" he offered and the door slid aside, revealing Archer's Vulcan commander, T'Pol. "Commander, how can I help you?" he asked, trying to be friendly. He remained where he was, sitting on the edge of his single bunk. He didn't report to her so didn't feel the requirement for any formality by standing to attention. She looked at him sternly for a few seconds before speaking. "In your initial conversation with Captain Archer, you mentioned a 'New' Vulcan, and you also mentioned a Vulcan male by the name of Spock. Please elaborate," she said and he frowned slightly before explaining. She obviously hadn't come to make friends. "In my lifetime, or timeline, depending on if I'm in the past or an alternate reality, Vulcan was destroyed in an attack carried out by Romulans. We tried to stop it, but there wasn't anything we could do. New Vulcan is the name given to the planet where the initial Vulcan colony was set up following the destruction of the planet. Spock is… or was… my husband. I don't know if he exists in this timeline or where he is or if he'd know who I am," Jim finished, trying to keep the sadness out of his voice and failing. "This Romulan attack could be stopped? If we knew when it was going to happen?" she asked with interest and Jim nodded. "I guess so. But I don't even know the current Stardate so couldn't give you much information without that," he said and she narrowed her eyes. "The brig is far less comfortable than these quarters, Mr Kirk," she threatened and he sighed. "I can give you the stardate of the attack on the USS Kelvin? And the co-ordinates? Then you could stop the Romulan ship before it ever gets a chance to destroy Vulcan?" he offered and she gave a single nod. He reeled off his birthday and she made a note on a PADD. "Your… husband. Were you bonded in the Vulcan way?" she asked more softly and he nodded. "Yes. We were. For twenty years," he said and she raised an eyebrow. "May I?" she asked, extending a hand towards his face. He hesitated before agreeing to the meld, closing his eyes as her mind overtook his. It was nothing like melding with Spock or one of the kids who would be careful, would ask permission before viewing information, she ruthlessly tore through his memories, thoughts, feelings, leaving him with a splitting headache by the time she retracted her hand. "You are not lying," she said, sounding slightly shocked. "Why… why would I lie?" he asked through gritted teeth. "Your story seemed… improbable." "Yeah well so is a man having three kids," he muttered. Jim's mind was reeling. It was as though she'd dragged every single thought or feeling he'd ever had to the surface and left them there. "I apologise for the emotional anguish I have caused," she said quietly and he looked down at the floor, forcing all the emotions back into their respective boxes. "It's fine. Really. I know you needed to know I was being honest, but now that you do, can you answer me one question?" he asked and she opened her mouth to respond right as her comm. sounded. She removed it from her belt and flipped it open. "A ship has dropped out of warp in close proximity to us," she said and he looked out of the window quickly, but could see nothing. "I must go," she said, turning and leaving the room, the door closing behind her. "Wait!" Jim yelled, leaping up from the chair and following. He followed her through unfamiliar hallways until she reached the turbo-lift where she noticed him. "Mr Kirk you are not permitted to come to the bridge," she said and he nodded. "I wasn't… I was… going to get some lunch," he lied badly. "There is a food hatch in your quarters," she said flatly as the lift doors closed. He turned and headed in the opposite direction, looking for a ladder or an alternative way up to the bridge. He turned a corner quickly and ran right into a man he recognised, but not from the ship. "Hey slow down there," the man said as he picked up the pile of electrical components he had been carrying. "Sorry," Jim said, quickly leaning down to held gather up a pile of small bolts which were rolling off in every direction. He realised aloud who the man was that he'd bumped into. "Trip Tucker… right?" Jim asked and the man looked at him strangely. Jim knew this man; Archer, his Archer, had introduced them years ago before the Tucker in his timeline had died. He'd been Archer's chief engineer and seemed like an all around good guy. "I know you?" he asked. "We met when I was… uh a while ago. Jim Kirk," Jim offered his hand and the man looked at him for a few more moments before shaking it quickly. "You're the guy we found floatin' out in that shuttle. Archer said you're from the future or somethin'?" he asked and Jim shrugged. "Something like that. Hey so what's this ship that just dropped out of warp?" he asked and Tucker sighed. "I don't know. Archer don't tell me anything anymore. Got a real stick up his ass lately," Tucker grumbled as he started towards Engineering again now that he had all his bits and pieces picked up, Jim following him along. "And why is that?" Jim asked and Tucker frowned. "I don't know. Shouldn't you still be in sickbay?" he asked and Jim shrugged. "You have a good doctor. I'm all better… and at kind of a loose end," Jim said. He could see that he could make a friend in Tucker, get someone on his side. Allies would be helpful whatever plan he went with to try and get out of here and back to his family. "You know how to weld?" Tucker asked and Jim nodded. "Well you can come make yourself useful down in Engineerin'. Funny enough I got a guy I work with also named Kirk, one of my engineers," he said. Jim felt a strange lump in his throat as he asked his next question. "Oh really? What's his n-" Jim was cut off as they entered Engineering and a very familiar man was stood facing him. He felt sick. His heart was pounding in his chest. He felt his palms begin to sweat. "Here he is right now. Hey George, found you another Kirk to be friends with!" Tucker said cheerily as he set down the pile of items he'd been carrying and turned to face the two men. "Well holy shit! You even look kinda alike, pretty crazy huh?" he said, standing with his hands on his hips and looking between the two men. "George Kirk," said Jim's father, extending his hand. "Jim Kirk," Jim said slowly, shaking the man's hand and doing his best not to react to the shiver that ran down his spine. His father looked around the age of thirty, and exactly as he appeared in the pictures he'd seen of him. Seeing him alive in physical form left Jim feeling incredibly uneasy. It did however clarify his own location to him. His father had never been aboard the Enterprise. He wasn't in the past, but in an alternate reality. "Good to meet you," George said, letting go of Jim's hand and looking at him, clearly totally oblivious to who he was. Jim noticed right away his father wasn't wearing a wedding ring and wondered if perhaps maybe his parents had never met, if maybe perhaps he was in an alternate universe after all and not just in his own past. "New recruit?" he asked and Jim laughed nervously. "No… uh… kind of a long story," Jim said, trying to shrug off the story before an invitation to elaborate further. "We found this guy drifting out in a shuttle, that weird shuttle we got down in the bay? That was his," Tucker said and George looked interested. "Oh yeah? You're the black hole guy?" Kirk asked and Jim nodded nervously. "That's pretty interesting. So where are you from?" he asked and Jim swallowed. This was too weird. "Iowa," he mumbled. "Ah. Never been. Well I've been to Riverside shipyard… but besides that, not at all. What's it like there?" he asked and Jim glanced around the room, looking for some way of changing the subject. "Uh… kind of flat, y'know. Just a lot of corn. Big sky. Straight roads. More corn… bars, women… corn…" Jim trailed off. Both the engineers laughed and Jim allowed himself a small smile. "Hey you're alright Kirk the second, you can stay with us and hang while we get this welding done," Tucker said enthusiastically, clapping Jim on the back and inviting him to join them in going up to an access panel that required some work doing. Hesitantly, he followed, wondering why they were being quite so trusting of him as he was basically a total stranger on their ship. Chris saw the man who'd been waiting by his motorcycle for him several more times that week. He began noticing him everywhere. He'd be walking down the street and notice him sitting on a bench, reading a newspaper. Then he'd be at class, glance out the window and notice him sitting outside with a cup of coffee, looking completely casual and innocent. After almost two weeks, Chris decided enough was enough. "Why are you following me?" Chris asked as the man stepped out from where he had been standing behind a phone box. "Me? Oh I'm not following. Just minding my own business," he said with a shrug. Chris narrowed his eyes a little and took a step closer to the guy. He was taller and bigger than him so was hoping to intimidate him enough that he'd back off. "Could you mind it somewhere that isn't everywhere I am?" he asked in a low voice. It was reasonably late and rush hour was long over, meaning it was quiet on the street. Chris was over an hour late for his painkiller shot and as a result was getting rather agitated as his level of discomfort grew by the minute. "I'm just interested," the guy said with another shrug and Chris stepped forwards again, invading his personal space. "In what?" Chris demanded, now starting to raise his voice. He was meant to be meeting David in a bar just around the corner for a drink; he didn't want this guy on his tail when he did so. "In how you can just let it all go like this. You're a born soldier, Christopher, and you could go and find the people who killed your father and kill them, but you don't. You've gone back to class, and you sit there looking bored and uncomfortable and like you don't want to be there, and then you go home to your little plaything and-" the man was cut off as Chris wrapped one large hand around his throat, pushing him backwards and pinning him to the telephone box behind him. "Stay away from me," Chris growled, squeezing his neck for a few long seconds just hard enough so the guy got the message before letting him go and stepping back. Rather than coughing up a storm like Chris expected, the man just brushed his shirt straight and looked at him curiously. "The inhibitors haven't worn off yet," he said calmly and Chris glared. "What are you talking about?" he asked. "When you were a baby and your parents became aware of the abilities of you and your siblings, an inhibitor was developed… something that would wear off when you got to adulthood. Something that blocked your abilities until you were old enough to comprehend what you are capable of. You see Khan had something special, and something that didn't carry across into Jim when the blood was transfused. It did however, pass down a generation. You were all too strong for your own good, all three of you are gifted with these abilities. That doctor you trust and your parents developed the inhibitor in secret and treated the three of you with it. It blocks the abilities given by his blood. Your twin has begun to unlock his potential, but you seem to be lagging behind," the man said smugly. Chris didn't know how he had all of this information on his personal life and didn't like it one bit. "I'm getting bored of you and this crackpot story. Fuck off!" Chris raged, turning and walking in the opposite direction of the bar where he was meeting David, leaving the man standing there. "You'll get him killed you know," the man called after him and Chris stopped, turning on his heel and looking back. "Who?" "David. You're going to get him killed. Unless you listen to me," the man said. Suddenly he didn't look so normal, so innocent. He looked much more threatening, dark malice glinting in his eyes. Christopher paid more attention. Now he wasn't viewing him as an annoyance, he was actively being threatened by this man, and he needed to protect himself, his family and David. "And why should I listen to you?" Chris asked and the man gave a small smirk. "Because you could be better." "Better at what?" Chris demanded. "Everything," the man answered shortly. Chris stared at him until he spoke again. "You could also avenge your father, make the species that killed him pay for what they've done. And I wouldn't be asking you to do much, just some really simple tasks for me, that's all until the time comes," he offered and Chris glanced up at the sky. It wasn't dark enough for there to be stars yet, and he'd been looking at them when he could to feel closer to Jim. He wanted those responsible to pay. He wanted them dead. "What would I have to do?" he asked and the man smiled. "Stay at Starfleet, study, graduate… all of that stuff." "That's it? So… what I was going to do anyway?" he asked and the man narrowed his eyes, reaching into his pocket and removing a small device that looked like a communicator. "Not exactly," he said, pressing a single button on the device and stepping away from the kerb. A van appeared out of nowhere and screeched to a halt, Chris stepping back and getting ready to run. Before he had a chance he'd been grabbed by two large men who'd obviously also been waiting and bundled into the vehicle. David dialled Chris' comm. again but got no response. He was over half an hour late but hadn't told him he would be, and he was starting to get worried. He'd also tried to reach out through their bond but had received no response. He's probably just forgotten. Just had a long day, got tired and gone home to bed. David tried to reassure himself. He waited another thirty minutes before leaving and heading over to Chris' apartment. He wasn't there, so David tried the house, finding out that Spock hadn't seen him all day and didn't know where he was now. He called Leo, who also had no information. By the time eleven o'clock rolled around, David was getting worried. He paced his bedroom, trying to figure out what to do next. He tried Chris' communicator a few more times but got no response, and his mental messages through their bond seemed to also not be getting through. David gave up at around two in the morning, crawling into his bed still fully clothed and with his communicator on his chest, waiting for Chris to call and say he was alright. A/N Hi there! Thanks for reading :) I'd be very grateful to receive your reviews/messages/questions on this chapter. More to come soon :)
Chapter Twenty-Four David's communicator sounded around an hour later, jolting him awake suddenly. "Chris?" he asked groggily as he opened it. "Hey, how's it going?" Chris said casually. "How… how's it going?" David repeated. "Yeah, that's what I asked, what's up? You called me like a bajillion times," Chris said just as casually. "I… thought we were going out for a drink tonight," he said sheepishly, now feeling slightly foolish for the amount he had been worrying. "Yeah, I mean, sorry. I fell asleep in class and then I was talking to my instructor and lost track of time," Chris said quickly. "Oh… well that's ok. Are you feeling alright? It's like three in the morning?" David asked and Chris cleared his throat. "I don't know. I feel kind of funny. I'm at home now, want to come over?" he offered and David quickly accepted, getting his stuff together and going over to Chris' apartment. David took a sharp inhale of breath as Chris opened the door with a bad black eye and a split lip. He glanced up and down the corridor before pulling his bondmate inside and double locking the door. "Chris! What the hall happened to your fa-" "Shh. We need to go away. Somewhere nobody will find us. We can't talk here, it isn't safe," he said. He looked panicked, glancing around the room constantly. He was the total opposite to how calm and casual he'd sounded on the phone. "Chris what are you talking about? Are you ok? Who did this to you?" David demanded and Chris checked the locks on the door again, peeking out through the peep-hole. "I'm fine. I'm fine," he said stubbornly, flinching away as David tried to touch his face to get a look at his eye. "You aren't fine," he said softly. Chris was silent until David tried to get some more information from him. "You get into a fight on campus? Another cadet?" he asked and Chris shook his head. "No. Not a cadet. I… this guy has been following me and I just flipped, and then he started telling me all this shit about Jim and your dad making this… serum… that stops me and Leo and Seren from using the abilities Khan's blood should have given us. He was talking all this shit and then this van pulled up and they bundled me in… I don't know where we went… but they kept trying to make me join this… this group to go out and hunt down the Borg before they find the planet. They asked me to spy on Starfleet, to feed them information and…" Chris took a deep inhale. "They said they'd kill you if I didn't do it. And when I still said no they did this to me… and told me they know how to find you. So I'm going to have to do it, I can't let them hurt you," he said shakily. David frowned. "This is a load of shit. Come on, we're going to call the police and get this guy tracked down and thrown in a loony-bin where he belongs by the sound of it." "He isn't crazy. He seemed to know a lot about me and Jim and Starfleet. Everything he said makes sense. What if your dad did develop some kind of suppressant? With my parents help? It would make sense. I mean, the three of us are strong but the augments are… superhuman. I always found it a little strange that none of us possessed any of the super-strength and the healing capabilities that they are rumoured to have had." "Rumoured. Chris. Rumours. These augments are locked up in chryo and have been for years. Nobody can substantiate any claim as to their alleged abilities. This guy sounds like a lunatic, try and just forget about him, he's just some weirdo stalker," David said, trying to get Chris to calm down. Chris continued to just stare at him in response until he exhaled slowly. "My dad is on a night shift at Starfleet medical, we could go and talk to him? If anyone can clear this up, it's him," David said and Chris looked thoughtful for a moment before nodding. They left the apartment quickly, both looking around much more than they usually would, both being extra careful. They took Chris' bike as it was the fastest and were soon waiting outside Dr McCoy's office. He opened the door and looked at them both before looking both ways up and down the corridor, ushering them into the room and locking the door. "So, how old were we?" Chris asked and the Doctor looked at the floor. "How old?" he asked again. "You were about fifteen months. We didn't have a choice Chris, I'm sorry. And I'm sorry that they found you, it should never have happened," he said quietly. "Why didn't you have a choice?" he asked and the Doctor sighed, sinking into his chair behind his desk. "You broke Jim's wrist. You didn't mean to, you were only a baby, but… you were throwing a tantrum and clean snapped his wrist. You were all too strong, and combined with telepathy we had no idea how it would potentially-" "You had no right," Chris said calmly. "I'm aware. It was… a very difficult thing to have to do. Chris you have to understand, we didn't have a choice! Starfleet were keeping a close eye on you three and if they got word you possessed the abilities of the augments? They'd have thrown you in chryo Damn it! With the rest of them! We had to be sure that nothing would happen, that nobody got hurt," he said and Chris looked at him for a moment before sitting down in the chair on the other side of the desk, David pulling up an extra one and sitting too. There was silence for a few moments before the doctor sighed and opened the top drawer of his desk, removing a holo-emitter and placing it on the desk in front of him. "Jim gave me this, told me if you guys ever found out, if the inhibitor wore off… to show it to you. I've never even watched it myself," he said as he switched it on, a small holographic Jim appearing and beginning to pace the desk. David noticed Chris look away pointedly and reached for his hand. "Seren, Chris, Leo. If you're seeing this then I want to begin by telling you how sorry I am that I didn't get to tell you this in person. I'm not sorry for the decision we had to make though, because I know it was the right thing to do." Jim's hologram paused before continuing to explain. "You guys are really special. Unique. You possess something that only a handful of other people have, and although it's a gift, it's also incredibly dangerous so we had to do something to make sure that nothing happened. You all know what happened to me before you were born, everything that happened with Khan, and my death, and the treatment that saved me using his blood. Because his blood had healed me, it became dormant in my system. Had I fathered children in a normal way, the blood wouldn't have passed on to you, but because I physically carried you, blood was able to cross and it meant that some of Khan's blood ultimately ended up in your systems. All three of you have it, which was completely against the odds. At first nothing was particularly out of the ordinary. You all developed way faster than we would have expected even for part-Vulcans, but then when you were about a year old we started to notice. Seren first, she broke the bars on her cot when she wanted out. Then Chris, then finally Leo. You were all displaying unbelievable levels of strength and a mental capacity that was just… astonishing. Needless to say other people became aware of this, even with the Enterprise being out on the five year mission we still had to report back about you three, and long range communications are not secure by any means. Somebody found out about the abilities you were developing." Chris looked at David and then back to the Doctor who looked to the hologram as it continued to speak. "With Bones' help, we created an inhibitor… it was a chemical compound that blocked the abilities of Khan's blood. We tested it and once we were happy it was safe, gave it to all three of you. We only acted with your best interests at heart and so that you could grow up normally without having to worry about any of it. The compound was designed to gradually break down in your systems over time… we estimated it would last around thirty years or so, maybe less. At that point you'd be able to make your own decisions about if you wanted to repeat the treatment or continue to live with Khan's abilities. People are afraid of what they don't understand… and the augments are so poorly researched at this point that nobody really knows anything about them, apart from the fact that one of them wiped out most of a city. Starfleet has swept the whole thing under the rug and we just wanted to minimise the potential trouble it could cause for you, I hope you understand." The hologram ended and Chris leant back in his chair and ran a hand through his hair, then rested his elbow on the desk, looking back across at the Doctor. "So, somebody wants to use us as weapons? These people that I ran into?" he asked and the Doctor nodded. "You guys could be… well, anything. Khan's blood combined with Vulcan telepathy is going to give you an unknown amount of power. Based off of how strong you were by one year old, well, I don't even really know," he said, brandishing a tricoder in Chris' direction, looking at his eye carefully. "But… this isn't fair. Why didn't Jim and Spock tell them?" David asked and his father shrugged. "Jim planned on it, but then Leo got sick, you had your whole Pon Farr situation… there was a lot going on," Bones explained and Chris nodded. The three men fell silent until David spoke a few minutes later. "Who are the people that are threatening Chris?" David asked and his father opened a file on his PADD and handed it over. "They call themselves the Alliance for Planetary Protection and they're a huge pain in Starfleet's ass right now. They're trying to get everyone all riled up over not knowing about threats to the planet, claiming that something like Vulcan has happened before and could happen again. Now that the information that the Borg exist has been leaked… these guys are all over it. They seem to believe that the augments are our future, that we should start genetically modifying people again; create a new generation of… super-soldiers to protect the planet from these new bigger threats," he said and Chris tensed up. "They were saying… about… about me and Leo. And… us being like Jim…" he trailed off and Bones raised an eyebrow. "To be able to have children?" Chris nodded and David's hand tensed a little. "No… Chris, no you can't. We ran really detailed scans when you were babies. You're all man. You and Leo. Not a uterus between you, sorry," he said and Chris looked at him carefully as he seemed to look away. "You sure about that?" "I… well. You didn't have. It's possible if your inhibitor has worn off that it could develop in adulthood, as it did for Jim. I just… well. As hard as this is to hear, even if it did magically appear somehow, I really don't think you'd be able to carry a child to term. All the damage your body took? I don't think your systems would cope with the demand. I'm sorry," he said and Chris shrugged. "It's fine. I don't care, I mean, anything like that is a long way off. They just said to me about it so I figured I'd ask. But Leo?" The Doctor sighed. "Theoretically it's possible if his inhibitor wears off that he may develop the ability, whether he would choose to use it, that'd be up to him." Chris could see David looking at him out of the corner of his eye and chose to ignore him for now. "So. I don't want any more inhibitor," he said and the Doctor raised an eyebrow. "I don't see the harm it'll do… I'll be stronger, faster, better… I don't see a reason to not just see how it goes," he said and the Doctor shrugged. "You have a point. If you start to get any side effects, you need to tell me. Don't be a stranger, okay kid?" he asked and Chris nodded. David looked uneasy and his father picked up on it. "So will they find me again, these Planetary Protection… whatevers?" Chris asked and Bones shrugged. "Just make them think you're doing whatever they asked you to do. They bothered Jim for a while, he was able to hold them at bay by just telling them what they wanted to hear and keeping Starfleet aware of what they're doing. I don't think they pose any real threat." "They threatened your son's life," Chris pointed out and the Doctor frowned. "They say a lot of things. David's got you to protect him, and you guys will be going now to go make a statement to the Police," he said, ushering them from his office. "Yeah, I do think that's a good idea," David piped up and Chris rolled his eyes. "Ok, we can go to the cops if it makes you feel better," he said and David nodded. "Tell Spock too, he'll need to know," the Doctor called after them as they began to walk along the corridor towards the exit. Leo closed his eyes for a few moments, trying to get his bearings. The room was huge, lights flashing and changing colour, the sound so loud is was completely disorientating. A mass of people pulsated around him, adding to the sensory overload. He continued to work his way through the crowd until he got a bit closer to the stage, until he decided he was close enough. He'd called Emily several times but got nothing back. He gave her a week before he tracked her down. She was performing with a new band and out in Europe, London this time. He'd found the venue, got himself in, and now just needed to get her attention. The band that were on the stage finished and left, the lights came up and the insistent flashing stopped, giving way to a more even glow that hurt his eyes considerably less. He cursed his mind for counting every second until she appeared, looking nothing like he imagined her from the pictures he had seen, even the recent ones. In the photos he'd seen of her that were a mere few months old she's been slim and fit looking, blonde hair hanging long and cascading around her shoulders, skin tanned and radiant, looking full of life. She looked different now. Skinny, not slim and healthy, with her hair cut into a shorter style, above her shoulders, with flashes of blue and purple peeking out from underneath. He caught a glimpse of several studs in her ear and one in her nose, her make up much more than she would usually wear from what he had seen in pictures. She was wearing a ripped tank top and hotpants, heeled boots on her feet. She was barely recognisable as she grinned in the spotlight, a cocky, sneering kind of grin that looked nothing like her personality. "London!" she yelled into her microphone and the crowd roared. Leo flinched and closed his eyes momentarily again. The band began to play, something that sounded nothing like her old band, the music much heavier, much angrier. It was so loud he could barely understand a word of what she was singing, and she kept looking the wrong way to see him, but he persevered. Part way through the second song he thought she glimpsed him, and it wasn't until the fourth song when he was certain she'd seen him. She missed a note as her heart skipped, a lump rising in her throat as she quickly turned away and got back into her little bubble. Their eyes met once more, lingering for a second too long as a song finished and the crowd erupted. Emily, I'm sorry. She looked away again, pushing her hair off her face and turning to the band, pulling them into a huddle. "We're going to play a new song for you guys right now," she announced to more cheering, he caught her eye again and she looked right through him, making his heart sink a little. They launched into the next song and this time he managed to hear more of the lyrics, and the sections that he caught made him curious. "…Just a lifetime to plan an escape route, I put my map on the wall in the basement. It's not a question of who are we really, it's who we want to be." "And if you try and find me now, I'm in all the echoes that have faded out so… I'm moving on cause I just want to feel for once that I belong…" He watched until the very end. They took a bow and ran offstage. The room around him didn't empty, so he knew there must have been more people to play, but he slipped out of the crowd and into the fresh night air of the street. He waited outside the venue for what felt like a long time until he heard excited squealing coming from one of the stage doors. Making his way over he found two guys that he recognised from being in Emily's band being surrounded by a gaggle of excited young women. He waited patiently for them to leave before getting the attention of one of the guys. "Hey dude, 'sup?" he asked. "Uh… hi, not a whole lot. Cool show," Leo said awkwardly. "Rad, man. Hey, look at you, you're like… not even human!" the band member continued excitedly. "Yep. Well. Part human. Hey is Emily around do you know?" Leo asked and the guy smirked, pulling a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. "Oh, I get it man, I get it. Pretty hot right?" he grinned, lighting up his cigarette and taking a long slow drag. "Yeah…" Leo trailed off, doing his best not to cough. "You can't have her cool alien guy, there's a list… band first, then random dudes," he said. Leo decided that he was obviously pretty drunk and had no real idea what he was saying. "Oh yeah sure, course, pass her around the band first, I'll have her when you're done," he said bitterly and the guy narrowed his eyes a little. "Hey are you… are you… that guy?" he asked and Leo sighed. "Could you be more specific?" he asked, looking over his shoulder and noticing Emily walking out with one of the other band members. "The guy from all these songs she's been writing lately, the one that left her," he said and Leo shrugged. "Depends how you interpret leaving someone." Emily glanced around and caught sight of him, changing direction and heading straight for him. Leo allowed her to drag him away by his upper arm until they were out of earshot of her bandmates and hidden around the front of one of the parked up tour buses. "What are you doing here Leo?" she asked and he swallowed the nervous lump in his throat. "I tried to call, but I couldn't get hold of you so I figured I'd just find you," he said, trying to sound casual. He was certain she must be able to hear his heart thundering in his ribcage. "I didn't want you to find me, if I did then I would have called you back," she sighed, running a hand through her hair. "I'm sorry I just… I wanted to tell you that I'm sorry if I hurt you when I ran away. I hope you can understand that I just needed my space, time to get everything clear in my mind and-" he was silenced as she pressed her lips to his. He kissed back and she pulled away. "You… need to leave," she said sadly. "What?... why?" he asked and she sighed again. "Because… because I've made up my mind. I'm done with my old life," she said firmly, her face and body language strong, but her eyes giving her away. "What do you mean? What are you talking about?" he asked and she sighed, pushing her hair back off her face. "Do you have any idea what it feels like to grow up in a family where you're so different from everybody else?" she asked and he raised an eyebrow. "Is that a serious question?" "I know you were different… but I mean… like… completely different. My family have never accepted me for who I want to be! I don't want anything to do with Starfleet… I couldn't give a shit about any of it. I don't want to be a scientist, or a doctor, or a.. anything! I just want to play music. My family have never, ever tried to accept that. My dad thinks it's just a phase… and I can tell that I disappoint him and I just… I'm done. I'm an adult now. I don't have to go back," she said, the pitch of her voice rising as she fought back tears. Leo looked at her for a few long seconds before taking a deep breath. "Your family accept you. Your dad is proud of you, I know he is. Ok, sure, you are different, but you have this amazing talent that nobody else has, so of course you want to get out and use it. Just be… careful… who you associate yourself with," he said, glancing at the two bandmates who were now looking at him as if they were sizing him up for a fight. "Just because you come from a Starfleet family doesn't mean that's all your future has to hold for you Emily," he added and she looked at the floor for a few seconds before looking back up at him. "I'm sorry Leo, but I'm staying here," she said firmly. "The cops in this town are fucking useless," David sighed as they got back to Chris' apartment, Chris locking the door and then triple checking it. "Mhm," he said shortly, pacing in the kitchen, obviously preoccupied. They'd gone to make a statement and the officer had looked at them as though they were crazy. The only advice they'd been given was to make sure they locked doors and windows at night. David watched him for a moment before approaching him, one hand settling on the side of his face gently. "When was the last time you took your meds?" he asked and Chris twitched a little. "Don't know," he shrugged. "You've been taking them, right?" David asked and Chris shrugged again. "Chris these are important! They stop your body rejecting your lungs, they keep infections out, and they help with the pain, you need to take them," he said gently and Chris looked at the floor with a blank expression. "Do you want me to help do it?" David asked and Chris hesitated for a moment before shaking his head fiercely. "That's fine, I just need to see, ok? Just to make sure that you take them all," he said and Chris sidled over to the fridge, removing a few vials and loading up a hyprospray with liquid from the first vial. He gripped the hypo between his teeth and his fingers fumbled for his belt and jeans buttons, getting them unfastened and forcing them down enough to expose a section of thigh muscle where he administered the hypo. He repeated the process twice more, injecting in the same spot before setting the dispenser on the side and wrenching up his jeans before walking right past David and into the bedroom. David watched as he searched through his drawers of clothes before retrieving a set of pyjama pants and changing into them, as well as a long sleeved black undershirt. He climbed into bed and lay curled on his side, facing away from David standing in the doorway. "Chris?" David asked carefully. He didn't get a response. David gave him a few moments before going over and sitting beside his curled form, one hand gently resting on his shoulder. "You in pain?" he asked and Chris nodded. "You could have had twice as much of the-" "Don't want it," Chris grunted. "Well… I don't know what to say. If you're in pain you need to take the shots for it, or deal with it." Chris screwed his eyes tightly shut and held his breath for a few seconds before he suddenly launched himself from the bed, yanking the black undershirt over his head and throwing it aside. "This," he growled, pointing at the heavy scarring on his chest. "This is going to hurt for the rest of my life. This is what I have to deal with now, ok? So don't try to pull your whole 'I care about you' act, because there is nothing you can do that makes me feel any better," he raged before seemingly realising what he was saying. "It hurts," he whimpered, sinking back into the bed. "I know it does," David said softly, not rising to Chris' words no matter how much they had stung. "I want it to stop," he sighed before coughing a little. "How long have you had a cough?" David asked quickly. "I don't have a cough, just clearing my throat," Chris answered just as quickly. "If your body is rejecting-" "I don't have a cough," Chris said firmly and David retreated. "Ok. That's fine then. I'm going to head home, try and get some sleep," David said, standing up. He knew that really he should stay, especially as Chris was acting strangely, but the bond was blocked from Chris' side and it was making him uneasy. It was also very late, or early, and he needed to get some sleep before his classes later in the day. Chris gave him a puzzled and hurt look, looking all the more pathetic with his black eye that he'd refused to let the Doctor heal for him. "I can't stay Chris, I don't know what's going on that you aren't telling me but it's making me really uneasy and I need to get some rest," David explained and Chris nodded sadly. "Go," he said and David hesitated. "It isn't because I-" "I said go, David, are you deaf?" Chris asked and David shook his head, beating a hasty retreat from Chris' bedroom and letting himself out of the apartment. The weak pre-dawn light illuminated his way home, and he was soon curling up in his own bed but not before he made a quick call to his father who was still at work. "Chris isn't right, and that story he told me about whatever happened to him tonight, that's not all of it, he's hiding something," he explained. Well try and get to the bottom of it then, and I'll talk to Spock and Seren, tell them to keep an eye on him from a distance so he don't get too suspicious. "I also… he's been… erratic with his meds, and I noticed he had a little cough earlier, I don't know if it means anything, but I thought I better mention it," David added. First time you've noticed it? "Yeah, it is. I know he's been patchy with taking his shots for a while though, mainly the painkillers," David explained and his father was quiet for a moment. The painkillers he has are going to be making him feel a little bit spaced out… disorientated even, so he probably doesn't want that feeling. There isn't really a lot of other options though, and we have to be careful because they can be addictive at this strength. The best option for him would be to wean himself off them entirely at this point. Taking them intermittently will be worse for him because he's getting the high and the crash from them when they wear off. David sighed and ran a hand through his hair wearily. It had only been a few months since Chris' accident but he couldn't help but wonder how much more he would change. The shift in his personality since the incident had been enormous, but it seemed to be continuing to shift, moving further and further away from the person David had grown up with and bonded with. "He's… unpredictable," David said shortly. He's not… violent? "No. God, no. He's just… I don't know. One minute he's walking around with his shirt off saying that he doesn't care what he looks like, the next he's utterly miserable and hiding for days at a time. Then he'll go out drinking all night with people from the academy when he knows he isn't meant to be… but the next minute he's telling me he's sorry and that he's trying to get better and I just… he got angry with me earlier so I left. I don't know what to do," he admitted. He'd never felt so helpless. In the few months since their bonding and then since Chris getting injured he'd fallen hopelessly in love with the man, in a way that he didn't fully understand and had never experienced before. Their bond was complicated, and since Chris getting injured had been patchy in how much time they spent trying to develop it. Send him back to me whenever he has a chance. He can't be going out drinking; his system is under too much strain and adding alcohol to it is asking for trouble. He needs to see a shrink, it sounds like possibly PTSD could be kicking in. Has he… has he been talking about Jim at all? "No. He's barely mentioned him, and I don't bring it up," David said, holding his breath as he waited for a response. Bring it up, tactfully, see how he reacts. "You're crazy!" David protested. I don't think Chris' pain is all physical. I think we need to try and get a better idea of it. You said he's shut you out of his mind? "Entirely, yeah, it's like a brick wall when I reach out to him." Harsh as it sounds, I think we need to bring the wall down and then we can properly assess what we're dealing with. David was silent for a few moments. He knew his father was right. Chris was getting himself worked up into a state, and it seemed the events of the night had pushed him just a little too far. He ended his call by agreeing with his father, then fell into his bed, tossing and turning and not really sleeping until his alarm went off a few short hours later. Jim pressed the side of his face against the cold glass of the viewing portal. He was cracking up, he knew he was. He'd spent the afternoon hanging out with his father. His dead father. Archer had brought him a pile of items that had been found in the shuttle along with him. One of the items was his communicator, and once the Captain had left him alone in his quarters he did the only thing he could do. He called Spock, he called Bones, he called the kids. None of the transmissions connected, but he babbled helplessly to each silence that met each transmission. It only served to make him feel more alone. It took him a little while to pull himself together after that and by the time he did, he was hungry. He headed out of his quarters to go and find some dinner, walking alone through the winding corridors that led to the mess hall. Before he got there he saw someone he recognised, someone he knew well. The way they looked back at him said they recognised him too. Spock Prime. Being led along the corridor by an enthusiastic looking Archer. Spock raised an eyebrow slightly in a way that Jim could only understand as recognition and Jim glanced at Archer who paused to introduce them. "Mr Kirk, this is Ambassador Selek of Vulcan, he's with us to help finalise a new treaty that the Vulcans are heavily involved with," Archer said. "Ambassador, pleasure to meet you," Jim said politely, the hairs on the back of his neck standing up as he met Spock Prime's eye. He knows. And this IS him. It isn't some other alternate universe Spock, this is the same Spock from Delta Vega and he knows me. "And a pleasure to meet you too, Jim," Spock said, raising the Ta'al. Archer looked between the two men, his brow crumpling into a small and quizzical frown. "I didn't tell you Mr Kirk's first name, Ambassador," he pointed out. "Forgive me, I had merely heard a colleague addressing Mr Kirk earlier and felt it more in line with human customs to use one's given name. Am I incorrect in my belief this was common practice?" Spock asked, playing dumb so perfectly Jim almost believed him himself. "No… ambassador, it's not a problem at all. It was nice to meet you sir," Jim said, nodding to Archer as he passed the two men and continued heading to the mess hall, though he was no longer hungry at all. He glanced back over his shoulder and caught Spock glance at him too. He's come to help me find a way back. Spock shut off the shower. He brushed off most of the water droplets from his pale skin with his hands before stepping out of the cubicle and picking up his towel and drying himself methodically. First his face, then neck and shoulders, down his arms and chest, over his torso and down his legs and over his feet, before rubbing at his hair to remove the water from it. He'd always preferred sonic showers, the water was something Jim had favoured and it sometimes helped him feel closer to him. The silence of the house was still perturbing to him. He was used to there being at least some background noise, but now there was nothing. Jim wasn't playing music, or singing in the kitchen while he cooked. It was too quiet, especially with the kids gone too. Seren was working a lot, and when she did come home she took a minimum amount of rest, showered and then left again. Christopher lived mainly at his apartment but still would come over occasionally. His moods would be erratic though and sometimes he would barely say a thing. Leo was currently away searching for Emily McCoy, against everyone's advice. Spock dressed in casual clothing and walked downstairs, feet bare against the carpet. The carpet Jim had chosen to be soft against Spock's feet when he was home as they were more sensitive than those of a human. Everything in the house bore a constant reminder of the man who should be living there, and that combined with the deafening silence was almost too much to bear. Spock picked up his communicator, planning on calling Leo to find out when he would be home. He paused when he noticed a small symbol in the top corner of the screen. The symbol told him he had a recorded message, though he could not recall hearing the communicator sound so was unsure as to when he may have missed a transmission. He instructed the device to play the recording aloud and took it with him into the kitchen as he began to make himself a cup of herbal tea. He selected a mug from the cupboard as the audio began to play. Hey Spock it's me. I've just picked Chris up from soccer practice and we're gonna go get some groceries now. Would you mind reading Leo the next chapter of his book until I get home? See you in a bit, bye. Spock held his breath and screwed his eyes closed, the mug falling to the floor and shattering. That message was over ten years old. His heart pounded in his ears, until another sound interrupted. Spock. The audio hadn't finished. It crackled, Jim's voice filling the room. Spock's eyes were wide as he backed away from the device, horrified. Spock. H- The transmission crackled as Spock's back hit the opposite row of cabinets. Here Spock. I'm h-here. "Jim," Spock whispered into the emptiness of the house. I'm here. There was the sound of more static and then a click. Spock almost leapt out of his skin when the female computer voice sounded following the end of the message. End of messages. To repeat, key one, to delete, key two, to save or backup, key three. Spock just stared at the device. He was certain his mind was playing tricks on him. It must be. How could Jim possibly be communicating with him? He couldn't be. Jim was dead. Dead people can't communicate. Spock left his communicator on the side in the kitchen and went upstairs, changed into his Starfleet uniform and went to work. He stayed on an extra four hours at the end of his teaching day, wanting to avoid the house and the communicator he was now so illogically afraid of. He didn't tell anyone of what had happened. When he ran out of excuses to remain on campus and darkness had fallen, he returned to the house, feeling inexplicably nervous as he unlocked the door and instructed all the lights on at eighty-percent. He cleaned up the smashed mug from the morning and made himself a quick dinner, not once looking at the communicator. Much as he hated it, he put on the television, watching anything he could find to keep his mind vaguely occupied until he decided he could probably sleep. He decided to check the communicator before he went to bed, just to be certain that none of the children had tried to contact him with anything urgent. He had a text message from Leo telling him he was staying one more day in Europe but would be back in the morning, but nothing else. The small device clasped in his hand, Spock went up to bed. He changed and then left the device on his nightstand while he went to clean his teeth. When he returned he glanced at it again, panic flooding him as he noticed the small voicemail symbol illuminated once again. Fingers trembling, he pressed play. Hey Spock it's me. I've just picked Chris up from soccer practice and we're gonna go get some groceries now. Would you mind reading Leo the next chapter of his book until I get home? See you in a bit, bye. There was a long pause and then a loud burst of static that made Spock tense up as he fought back his natural urge to fight or sprint away from the threat. Spock it's me. God… Spock I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to… I… I'm so sorry. I love you. I'm trying. I'm trying to find a way, I just don't understand and I… I love you so much. The message ended and Spock held his breath before doing something entirely illogical. He dialled Jim's comm. frequency. There were a few seconds before it clicked through to his voicemail. He waited for the recorded greeting to finish before he spoke. "Jim… I… I do not know if you will receive this message. I am… afraid. I have been receiving messages I cannot understand. You are… gone. I know this. My mind is becoming… I am disillusioned. I know you cannot be communicating with me, however, though I am aware it is only my own mind… I am… frightened." Spock paused for a moment, trying to steady his breathing. "I am frightened, Jim." He cut off the message and put the device away in the drawer of the nightstand, putting the whole thing down to a nightmare that he was hoping would go away by the morning. A/N Ok, I have to admit here, I actually gave myself the hebejeebies a little with that last section as I was writing it! Did I creep anyone else out? Anyway, hope everyone is well and enjoyed this latest part! Now, I received a review that I'd like to address... the only reason I'm doing so here is because it was posted anonymously so I couldn't respond. Here's the review: Guest chapter 23 . Jul 22 Come on! We've waited for months for the conclusion since you left us with a major cliffhanger and now you're just adding more twists and loops. None of this came up before now. We want to appreciate what you're doing writing this but I feel like any day you'll be busy again, stop writing, and leave us with more questions than ever and few answers. Why not make another story altogether if there are to be so many new concepts. First off, Guest, thanks for taking your time in reviewing, I really appreciate your feedback. I never intended to 'leave' with a major cliffhanger. I became quite seriously unwell quite suddenly and basically put my entire life on hold. I'm (quite clearly) not a professional or full-time writer, so I don't always have the time to give to the story. In the months I was absent I was fighting to recover, to keep my job, to keep my life together and to keep a roof over my head. I'm really sorry that these events meant I had to take an unexpected hiatus. I don't plan on being 'busy again' with serious illness any time soon, so hopefully I won't inconvenience you again with another break while I try to get my health back on track. The concepts that are now emerging in the story are not new to me. As I have said previously, I will not abandon this story because I have already written the ending. These new concepts are key to the direction of the story and the leading up to that ending, which was actually written BEFORE I wrote the beginning. (I know that's bad practice, but I had it in my mind... and I just... yeah.) If the story was predictable, it would be boring. If you feel so strongly about what I'm doing, then please do feel free to stop reading, but of course you are more than welcome to stick around and find out the conclusion. Aaaaanyway. Now that's off my chest... hope you're all enjoying what's going on? I know the plot is changing direction, I know it's a big leap, as I've said above... it's to meet the ending I already had written right from the start. If you have any questions about anything you feel I may not have explained, do leave me a message or a review and I'll be more than happy to answer for you :) 'Til next time! P.S. The little section of lyrics from Emily's gig are Paramore - Escape Route - these are NOT mine and I do not claim ownership of them in any way. In my mind Emily has a big voice like Hayley of Paramore so it fitted well, also with the theme too.
A/N Hi all, hope everyone is well? My apologies for the delay on this one, I moved home and in the process managed to smash my laptop to smithereens when it fell out of a box and onto the concrete driveway. Wonderful! Needless to say it's been a bit of a nightmare! I'm awful with computers (can just about switch one on... and that's about it) and with being so busy with moving, getting the data recovered just wasn't possible for a while. BUT. I got it back. I got the story back, I got the ending back (which we're ever so slowly creeping towards... I promise!) Anyway, here we go. Anyone who has reviewed and expressed concerns about additional threads coming into the story, don't worry, I'm not leaving the story, all questions will be answered in the end, it will all be wrapped up, I promise! Thank you to everyone who's reading this... I know I'm a bit of a nightmare for updating regularly. Hopefully now that I'm settled into my new place I can get a few pieces out relatively quickly. Anyway, enough rambling from me, enjoy the next part! Just a small warning for this one, it contains mentions of self-harm, depression and a suicide attempt. If that's a trigger for you then please proceed with caution. Chapter Twenty-Five ***Three months later*** "Tea?" The voice dragged Montgomery Scott out of the lengthy piece he was reading, a new theory on warp drives and the possibility of achieving eventually warp factor ten with this new technology. He glanced up at his wife. "Uh… no, thanks love," he said quietly. "You haven't been drinking tea lately. I keep buying it but it's just stacking up. You used to drink it all the time," she said, leaning on the doorframe, dark eyes studying him carefully. "I um… haven't felt like it," he said. He wasn't lying; he just didn't particularly want to go into detail. The almost nine months he'd now been home was the longest he'd spent planetside in almost a decade, and it was messing with his head. He missed the clang and clatter of the ship. The hustle and bustle, the chaos that often was the engineering deck, even the hum of the engines that he'd so readily complained about keeping him awake when he was trying to rest were now missed so strongly it made his heart ache. Nyota crossed the room, bare feet padding silently across the stone floor. "You miss him," she said softly. He sighed and set the PADD down entirely, looking up at the woman before him. "Don't you?" he asked. "Of course," she smiled sadly. "It ain't just him. I miss the ship. I miss… Len. I miss Chekov, and Sulu… an'… we haven't even all been on the same bloody continent since his funeral, Ny, and I cannae stand it. I'm lonely," he admitted. She sank into the couch beside him, sitting close, one hand on his knee and her face open and sympathetic, listening actively. "Why don't you see if maybe Leonard wants to-" "He hasn't returned my comms in over two months," he said miserably, cutting off her suggestion. "Well what about Sulu? Or Chekov? You could go over to San Fran for a week or two, spend some quality time. Go hiking? Go… anywhere. I know Leo made you a portable transporter," she smiled knowingly and he nodded. "Aye. Bright kid," he said hollowly. "My whole bloody career and I couldn't make the things small enough to be pocket-sized." "You've been avoiding him. He asked me why," she said and Scotty sighed deeply, running his hands through his hair and leaving a lengthy pause before he answered. "It's like lookin' at a ghost," he mumbled. "I know. It's tough. I know it is, but Jim wouldn't want us to all be falling apart like this," she said firmly. He looked at her carefully, not missing the tears glistening in her deep brown eyes and the way she was holding them back. "I just can't believe he's been dead so long already," he said blankly. "Six months isn't long in the grand scheme of things," Nyota pointed out. "I know I just… he was gonna live forever, y'know? Do all these grand things and now it's all gone. Every fuckin' day I wish I could take it back. Wish I could go instead. Go with him even," he said, instantly regretting the last few words as his wife's eyes widened. "Not like that, pet," he added quickly, his hand resting over hers now on his knee; giving it a reassuring squeeze. "How…" he cleared his throat. "How's Christopher doing?" he asked and she looked down at the floor. "Stable… ish. Been going to classes, he's nearer the bottom of his classes than the top though," she answered. They both fell into a long silence that was only interrupted by his communicator ringing. He stood to go and fetch it, picking it up from the sideboard and flipping it open. "Scott," he said. There was silence and he looked at the screen, the reader not giving him an ID of the inbound caller. "Hello?" Still silence. Nyota narrowed her eyes slightly as he opened his mouth to speak again. A loud burst of static rang out from the communicator, then nothing. "Is anybody there?" The silence continued until a final click, the call disconnecting. "Bloody weird," he said, bringing the comm. with him and sinking back into the couch. "We should go to San Fran, visit Molly. Can't keep expectin' her to come home to visit us all the time," he said and she smiled. "That'd be nice. Can't say I'd mind leaving the Scottish weather behind for a little while," she chuckled and he smiled, draping one arm around her shoulders and pulling her close, breathing in the smell of her hair. Coconut. He'd always missed it when they'd been apart and now that they'd been in the same place for so long, he wondered how he'd ever lived without it for months at a time. They talked a while longer. He had two whiskeys. She went up to bed, he promised to join her when he'd finished reading the theory he'd been sent. He hadn't mentioned to her that it was Leo who'd written it and sent it over. His comm. rang again a while later, long enough that he was heavily engrossed in the paper and it made him jump quite spectacularly. "Monty Scott at your service," he answered, feeling a little merry after his two generous drinks. Scotty it's Jim. Scotty tensed. "J-Jim?" he stammered. Yeah hey, I need a little help with moving this weekend. Spock isn't gonna be back and I need you to watch the kids while I shift stuff. Shouldn't be too bad. Chris and Seren can help, I just need you to keep Leo company. You about? Scotty was silent. He'd had this conversation with Jim. But this conversation had been over ten years ago. "I… hello?" he asked, deciding he must be imagining things. Yeah that'd cool, just whenever you have some time. Nah, I haven't talked to him, he's driving me crazy. Not being helpful at all right now… selfish bastard. Scotty snapped the comm. closed and threw it onto the couch next to him. He must be tired. That's all. Or tired and a little tipsy. He was imagining things. He left his comm. on the couch and crept up to bed, falling into a restless sleep and trying to decide if he'd imagined the comm. call or not. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Flashback – one month Chris slammed the door of the bathroom cubicle. He was hyperventilating, he knew it, he just needed his meds. He'd given up on using the hypo, it was far too much time to waste with loading it up. He was using plain old needles instead, much simpler, faster, and cheaper too. He retrieved everything he needed from his rucksack and wrapped the tourniquet around his upper arm, holding it tight with his teeth and waiting until he got a good vein. They'd been getting more and more difficult to find lately, almost as if his body was tying to protect itself from what he was doing. He found one and sunk the needle in slowly, gasping with relief as the beautiful numbness flooded his body. He waited about five minutes. Two people used the other bathroom stall in that time, he kept track of them, making sure they weren't aware of what he was doing. He re-packed his things and walked out, washing his hands and looking at his face in the mirror. If you didn't know him, you'd think nothing was wrong. If you couldn't see the desperate sadness in his eyes, he'd look just like any other cadet. His grades were good enough; he was just struggling to keep them that way. The pain was getting worse every day, and much as Bones tried to lure him into the hospital, or David tried to coax him into going, he refused. Alcohol was the best cure. Never when he had class, but always afterwards. Every night. Sometimes David didn't know, Chris had pushed him into starting to come out drinking too. It affected David long before Chris so he wasn't difficult to lie to. Their relationship was in tatters. Crushing depression and chronic pain pushing Chris to his absolute limit, and the lies he was funnelling through the bond keeping David convinced that he was doing alright. It got to the five month anniversary of Jim's death and Chris couldn't take it. He locked himself in the apartment when David was at work, slashing his wrists and waiting for the end to come. He'd sobbed as he watched the skin stubbornly close up mere minutes later, stemming the stream of jade liquid before eventually disappearing without a trace. Chris' blood could heal him, it just couldn't fix him. His scars were permanent, only new injuries would be healed by his now uninhibited blood. He waited a few more days for David to be at work again before he tried harder. David got home tipsy from drinks he'd been bought on his shift. He let himself into the apartment, tripping over a pair of Chris' shoes on the way in and stopping dead when he noticed the PADD sitting on the couch, an old photo of Jim and Chris staring up at him. "Chris?" he called, reaching out through their bond and finding nothing but a feeling of cold dread. The bathroom was locked and Chris wouldn't answer. David called Leo and between the two of them they got the door broken down within minutes, David beginning to cry uncontrollably as he saw the still figure in the bathtub full of stained green water. Leo heaved him out, yelling for him to wake up, yelling for David to call help. David stood there in shock. Chris had almost bled out. Almost, but not quite. When he'd woken up in the hospital with a puffy-eyed David at his side he'd ripped his IV's out of his arm and demanded he be escorted out, barely looking at him as he was. -End flashback- Leo let himself into Chris' apartment, finding him sitting on the couch reading an old paper book. "Hey, how are you?" he asked. Chris looked up. "I am well," he answered in monotone. "Me too," Leo said. "I saw David today. He said he's looking forwards to seeing you, when you're ready," he said gently. Chris looked back to his book before blinking slowly and putting it down on the coffee table. "I think David would be best to move on, Leo," Chris said firmly. Leo didn't give up. He pushed his now long hair back off his face and continued trying. "He won't give up on you. You shouldn't give up on you either," he said and Chris snapped his book closed, gripping it so tightly his knuckles were turning white. "And why not?" he demanded aggressively, raising his voice at his younger twin who flinched away only very slightly. "Because… because we love you, Chris, and we want you back. We all do," he said, glancing around the apartment. He counted over ten empty liquor bottles but saw no evidence of any drug use. Chris didn't answer. He sat staring at the space just beside Leo's leg on the couch, but not at him. "I graduate next week. I'd like it if you'd be there?" he asked. Chris didn't answer. Leo rolled up his sleeve on his left arm, turning it over so the inner side was exposed and leaning closer to his brother. "I got this, you like it?" he asked, flashing the fresh tattoo at his twin who glanced at it briefly before grabbing his twins wrist and looking at it more closely. "What is it?" he asked, tilting his head to try and see clearer, immediately turning away when he saw what it was. The Starfleet command emblem, filled in with an intricate pattern common in ancient Vulcan artwork. The words 'To Boldly Go' were running up one side of the triangle, along with two dates that Christopher immediately recognised as Jim's date of birth and death. "It's cool. Who did it?" Chris asked blankly. "A guy I met a couple weeks ago. I really did my homework on the studio… if it's forever it better be good, right? I'm really happy with it. It didn't even hurt, I actually fell asleep, pretty hilarious," he said animatedly. "He design it too?" "No… I… uh… I did that. Drew the stencil, he just inked it on," Leo said shyly. "You drew this?" Chris asked, looking at it again and raising an eyebrow. "Yeah. Turns out now I can actually see, I'm not awful at that whole artistic thing… I drew you something," Leo said, taking a sketchbook from his backpack and handing it over to his brother. He flicked through the pages. There were a few drawings of buildings in there, a few of ships, a couple of Seren looking effortlessly beautiful as ever, and then the last page with something so large it ran right off the edge of the page. Chris looked at it before tilting the book on it's side, recognising something he had seen in the middle of the intricate design. USS ENTERPRISE NCC-1701 "Is this…?" "It's the Enterprise's blueprints. I was thinking of getting the whole thing over my body… but then I thought what if you wanted to, instead? You briefly mentioned it before right?" "I don't know if I was serious," Chris said, absentmindedly allowing one hand to rest protectively on his chest. "Well, decide. I don't think we should match, and if you don't want it then I do," he said, taking the sketchbook back and putting it into his bag. "You heard from Emily?" Chris asked, almost sounding like his old self. "Um… no. I've been keeping track of where she is, making sure she seems like she's safe and stuff. I'm not going to push it," Leo said expressionlessly. "Stalker," Chris smirked. "Not stalking… just… keeping an eye. Reading interviews in magazines and things. Just making sure she's alright. Those dudes in her band seemed like assholes." "And by that you mean males and therefore people who might want to have sex with her," Chris pointed out and Leo rolled his eyes. "I may not want them to have sex with her…" Leo admitted. "Could you just go and like… get it over with already?" Chris asked and Leo sighed, sinking back into the couch. "I tried. I went to talk to her, remember? She wouldn't have any of it. Says she wants nothing to do with Starfleet and that life and what her parents expect from her. Anyway, it's not important. What about you? How are you doing?" he asked and Chris looked surprised. "You're trying to kill yourself with alcohol, stopped going to the Academy and barely keeping up your grades with distance classes, you've thrown your bondmate out of his home and won't return his calls, he's living with me by the way, and you look like you've given up on life," Leo pointed out bluntly and Chris buried his face in his hands. He was silent for a moment before he answered. "I don't feel like I'm worth David's time. I'm never going to shake off this… I don't know… dark cloud. I don't want to get out of bed in the morning. Drinking dulls it but it never goes away," he admitted and Leo sighed, running his hands through his hair again. "I'm going travelling, Chris. I'm taking a year out, deciding what I want to do with my life. I'm going to backpack around the world. Just Earth, but I want to see it," he said and for the first time Chris met his eye properly. Don't leave me flashed across their mental link. "I want… I want you to come with me," Leo said. He didn't ask, he just said. Chris was silent for a long time. "I want you to go and have an amazing adventure, explore, see things, find yourself. Whatever it is that you're going looking for," he said and Leo looked back at his twin. "That a no?" he asked and Chris gave a small but genuine smile. "I've found what I need and it's here, I just need to… get myself back together before I ruin his life as well as my own. I love him… and this isn't fair. I need to get better. David doesn't want this for me, and Jim wouldn't either," Chris said quietly. Leo crossed the room and wrapped his brother in a tight hug. "He'll be so pleased to know you've said that." *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~*~* David walked a little faster, keeping his head down. He was lonely at campus. Joanna was always busy, Molly Scott seemed to actively avoid him, and his group of friends from his classes had died in the attack on the Intrepid. He tended to sit alone in class, just getting on with the task at hand, not really worrying about socializing. He'd often be thinking about one person in particular and how much he wanted to be there with them rather than sitting in class. He knew Chris was about to flunk out unless he got his grades up significantly in the next exams. He also knew that pushing Chris to study harder would be a stupid thing to do. After he'd had him thrown out of the hospital David had obeyed Chris' wishes and stayed away from him. Leo had promised he was going to call him after he'd been over to see him, and David knew that call was likely to be coming any time soon. As he got closer to Leo's place and further from campus he didn't keep his head down quite so much. Around Starfleet people would stare at him, whisper things about Chris or Jim, or sometimes Spock. David found it difficult to ignore when he was alone and normally just tried to be inconspicuous so as to not attract any trouble. He used his key to let himself in and slumped onto the couch, pulling a thick old paper textbook from his backpack and opening it at the marked page. Diplomatic Reasoning and Interspecies Relations He'd been practically falling asleep after one paragraph, and he still had hundreds of pages to go. After a short while he did fall asleep and was woken by the front door clicking closed. He opened his eyes a little and groaned. "Leo get me a soda, would you?" he asked, stretching out and grimacing at his dry mouth and sore back. A cold can was pressed into his hand and a heavy weight slumped onto the couch next to him. He opened his eyes again and was not met with Leo. "Chris," he said, quickly sitting up straighter, running a hand through his hair. "I'm sorry," Chris blurted out. "It's ok. I understand. You're grieving and you're been through such a traumatic-" "No. It's no excuse. I'm going to rehab. I signed up today. I'm going to be gone thirty days and when I come home I promise you I'm going to treat you how I always should have," he said sincerely. In his eyes he looked a lot more like himself than the last time David had been this close to him. "Before I leave tomorrow, would you come somewhere with me?" he asked and David nodded. "Of course, anywhere," he said. They were both silent for a moment. "Open your soda, I can tell you're desperate," Chris smiled weakly and David clicked the can open, gulping it down quickly until it was around half gone before setting the can on the coffee table in front of him. "David I'm so sorry. I wasn't thinking clearly of the pain I was causing you. And the night that I tried to… to get away from it all... I didn't think of what it might do to you, or to anyone else. I've been so selfish," he said, voice full of emotion. David tentatively took his hand. "I just want you better, whatever that takes," he said quietly. Their lips met, just barely brushed against each other. It was all they needed to both understand. Chris needed time to put himself back together. It took them a little under half an hour to reach Jim's memorial site. It was odd being there after dark with it so quiet around, but Chris walked purposefully through the rows of graves and tributes. His hand was trembling slightly where it was connected with David's, and he couldn't pretend to ignore the raw emotion he could feel pouring through their bond. Sadness made up most of it, but there was anger there too and a deep shame for the way he'd dealt with things. David said nothing as they finally reached the stone. There were flowers there, a lot of people sent flowers. Chris didn't bend down to read any of the messages. He stood directly in front of the stone then dropped to one knee, letting go of David's hand and placing his palm flat against the grey granite. "I'll make you proud, Dad. I'm sorry that I let you down, but that's over now. Things are going to change," he said. His voice shook as he struggled to maintain his control of his emotions, but he sounded determined. "He'd be so proud of you Chris," David said, finally feeling it was an acceptable time to speak. "Not yet. But he will be," Chris said, sighing deeply and closing his eyes for a moment before standing up. "I'm ready now," Chris said quietly, turning back to face his bondmate who nodded and hugged him briefly before they turned and left. David helped Chris to pack some things, stayed up with him talking through the night, and gave him a small kiss goodbye the next day, knowing that painful as it would be for them to be apart, it was for the best. ~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Jim paced his guest's quarters. He'd had a sick, nervous feeling in his stomach since he'd seen Spock Prime on the ship earlier that day, and it was now late at night according to the ship's time, and the hallways would be deserted. He could go and find him. Ask him if he was here to help him, if he was the right Spock, if there was even a way back. Or he could wait and see if Spock came to him. Surely if he was the right Spock from the right timeline and he knew who he was, he would seek him out? His thoughts were interrupted by the door chime. He crossed the room and opened the door, glancing up and down the corridor before granting access to the man standing there. "Where did we meet?" Jim asked. "Delta Vega," Spock Prime answered smoothly. "What was the name of the Rom-" "Nero," he interrupted. "And which member of my family lived to see me become Captain, in your timeline?" "Your father. Jim we do not have time to play silly games. I am who you think I am, old friend," he said and Jim relaxed, allowing his arms to fall to his sides from where he'd been holding them tensely, hands clasped behind his head. "Do you know what's happened to me?" Jim asked, deciding that was the best question to ask first. "I do," Spock Prime began, moving gracefully across the room and seating himself in one of the two chairs at the small table in the corner of the room. Jim didn't sit opposite, he continued to pace, glancing expectantly at the elderly Vulcan from time to time, waiting for the explanation to come. "You are aware of the bomb, the sheer force creating a small singularity?" he asked and Jim nodded. "This left quite the trace in our timeline. The debris field is enormous and very dangerous, deemed so dangerous in fact that no search has been carried out for remains of any lost crew. I used the ship we confiscated from Nero and then kept secret to search the area myself. I quickly concluded from my readings that you were not dead as believed and had somehow fallen through the black hole. Using red matter-" "Wait. Where did you get that?" Jim asked, stopping his pacing for a moment. "I am not entirely senile, Jim. My memories remain perfectly intact. I created it myself in secrecy, risking heavy prosecution if I had been discovered. Fortunately I was not and was able to take a gamble that creating a black hole in the exact same location would press against the existing weakness in the fabric of space time that you journeyed through, and would place me here. Under the guise of an unrelated mission, I made contact with this Enterprise and this crew, and was fortunate enough to find you aboard by chance. I feared I may be too late to find you alive," he said solemnly and Jim tensed. "What do you mean too late? I've been gone what, under three weeks?" he asked and Spock Prime looked down at his own hands on the table for a moment before meeting Jim's eye once again. "In your timeline it has been half a year," he said, voice barely containing his sadness at having to bring that news to Jim. Jim's face fell. "Six months? So… they've all thought I've been dead all this time? Spock and the kids? And…Bones? Everybody? They all believe I'm dead?" he asked, voice rising as he struggled to control himself and the tsunami of despair crashing over him. "I am afraid so," Spock Prime said sadly. Jim took a deep breath and clenched his eyes tightly closed, reaching for his bond with Spock desperately and finding an uncomfortable numbness where the rich pool of emotions had once been inside his mind. "How… how are they coping?" Jim asked and Spock Prime looked down at the floor, sighing. Jim strode over to the table. "You can't tell me they've been thinking I was dead this whole time and then not tell me how they're dealing with it. Tell me?" Jim asked, not forcefully, but not gently either. "They are… their reactions have been mixed," he answered honestly. Jim lowered himself into the opposite chair and waited patiently for the answer to his question. "Spock has remained on the planet for the sake of the children. He is… functional yet somewhat reclusive. Seren has sought the help of a Vulcan grief counsellor. She appears to be managing her loss effectively. Leo has graduated at the top of his class and elected to spend one terran year travelling the planet before considering application to Starfleet, I believe he is intending to carry all of his possessions in one pack-" "Backpacking?" Jim offered and Spock Prime gave a small nod. "I believe so. He is filled with much optimism for what he will learn on his journey. I have never heard him mention you and I am concerned he has repressed emotions which may one day make a resurgence." Jim was silent for a moment, trying to ignore how much the thought of Leo going backpacking for a year alone worried him. "How about Chris? How's he doing? And David? Are they still bonded?" Jim asked and Spock Prime looked at Jim with eyes full of sadness. "My latest information regarding Christopher is… Jim it is not good news. He has been struggling with severe pain and-" "Pain? From what? Did he get hurt?" Jim asked, voice rising again as a lump began to rise in his throat. He couldn't stand the thought of his family hurting as they mourned for him. He hated not being there to be able to help them, the thought of it made him feel physically sick. "Christopher recently attempted to… take his own life," Spock Prime said quietly and Jim bit the inside of his cheek, cold dread rising inside of him. "He was injured severely in the attack on the Enterprise and Intrepid and will for the remainder of his life have to actively manage his pain levels with medication. He began to combine this medication with excessive consumption of alcohol and other medications until he lost all control of his emotions. I believe the loss of one parent has affected him the most deeply. I believe he and McCoy are still bonded, but I am unsure of the present state of their relationship," he finished and Jim let his head fall into his hands. "Jesus, Spock. I have to get home. Please tell me that you know how?" Jim felt his eyes fill with tears and did nothing to stop them from spilling down his face. "Please," he breathed, not caring at all quite how pathetic he may have sounded. His family needed him, and he needed them. "Jim… I… I do not know how," Spock said. He sounded truly heartbroken. "But… but you got here?! Surely you can get us back there?!" Jim spluttered. "It is not that simple. The particular gravitational signature of the area of space where you fell through the singularity determined you ending up here. We would require an area of space with a near identical signature to be able to make the return journey. This is something we may never find." Jim stood up rapidly, kicking his chair over and out of the way, rage rising rapidly. "Then why did you come here? Huh? To tell me my husband has become a recluse? To tell me my son is so depressed that he tried to kill himself? What am I supposed to think Spock?! I'm powerless to help them, and at the rate their time is passing in relation to ours, maybe by the time we figure something out they'll all be dead. All I'll have never-" Jim stopped abruptly. All anger evaporating from his voice in an instant. "I'll have never got to say goodbye," he whispered, crumbling into a weeping ball on his bed. He was vaguely aware of Spock placing a hand on his shoulder, attempting to quieten him. He didn't care if Spock Prime saw him cry. He didn't care if he had yelled at him even though all he had done was risk his life to try and help him. All he cared about was that he wanted to get back so badly it physically hurt his whole body. "What if we took your ship and searched for a good area of space on our own? Without Enterprise?" Jim asked and the Vulcan shrugged. "Possible. However the Enterprise's scanners are much more powerful and more effective at locating something so specific. Do you know of any way you could gain access to the main sensory array?" Jim sat up and snorted. "I'm basically one level above being a prisoner. I don't have access to anything," he said and Spock Prime looked thoughtful for a moment. "Perhaps I could add to my deception? Imply that I require use of the sensory array for my mission?" "Would that work?" Jim asked quickly. Spock Prime gave a wry smile. "Jim, I have already convinced this crew of many things. They are under the impression that I am a very important diplomat. I'm certain that such a request could be honoured if I were to ask correctly. I ask of you to be patient, I must be very careful if I do not wish to jeopardise our chances of success," he explained clearly and Jim nodded desperately. He would do anything if it meant getting back home, even if it meant doing nothing at all until the time was right. "I will leave you to rest. It is time I retire to my own quarters for the evening," he said, bowing his head and turning to the door. "Wait," Jim said quickly, sitting on the edge of the bed now. The elderly Vulcan turned to face him. "Why are you doing this? Helping me like this?" he asked. "Because I have the opportunity to give my counterpart something I so desperately wanted and never had. Goodnight, Jim," he said, leaving the room with one last moment of lingering eye contact. Jim sat on the edge of the bed for a while longer, his brain whirling around like a tornado. It sounded like things were awful at home and at the current rate of time passing in that universe in comparison to his current location, his family might have to suffer a lot longer before he could get back and start improving things for them. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~*~* Six more months passed in a haze. Chris came back from rehab with renewed focus on wanting to succeed at Starfleet. He selected his track, tactical analysis, and was quickly catching up to the other students in his year. David wouldn't graduate for another year due to a poor semester whilst Chris had been going through the worst of his troubles, but he didn't mind if it meant he got to spend more time with Chris. A lot of his new command track classes intersected with Chris', so they were able to see a lot of each other during the day. Spock had begun giving lectures on applied sciences at the Academy. To Seren and Chris it was obvious he wasn't particularly interested in it, but it meant he was able to stay on the planet and for that they were grateful. Seren had continued to see her counsellor. Some months only once; other times once a week. The comfort of knowing that he was there if she needed him was a huge support to her. She was working at the hospital still, but had been approached by Starfleet several times about training to become a medical officer aboard a Starship. She'd politely declined. The end of the year for Christmas break was an uncomfortable time for everyone, knowing that the anniversary of Jim's death was coming up, silently counting down the days. Leo sent postcards frequently, but made no mention of when he'd be coming back. He was currently in Australia, he'd chased the warm weather down into the southern hemisphere and decided to engage in a rare video-comm. with his twin on the day before the anniversary. "Hey stranger," Chris greeted as the video clicked into life. "Hello handsome," Leo grinned, waving to the camera eagerly. "Oh stop," Chris smirked, flapping his hand and pretending to be embarrassed. "How's the land of Oz?" he asked and Leo sighed contentedly. "Cold beer, good surf and beautiful women by the boat-load," he said, pushing his hair back off his face. It was growing long and he was beginning to train it into dreadlocks. The assortment of beaded bracelets that were accumulating on his arm rattled as he moved. "Sounds like a Kirk's dream," Chris winked. "It's… not awful," Leo smirked, winking at a girl he had spotted across the pool and grinning a little as she winked back, starting to move her hips from side to side a little bit more as she walked. "So you're surfing?" Chris asked and Leo nodded enthusiastically. "Turns out I'm pretty good at it." "You can teach me when you get back to San Fran," Chris said, glancing up as David got home. "I… yeah, sure that'd be great," Leo said. "What?" Chris asked, picking up the uncomfortable change in tone in his brother's voice. "I don't know when I'm coming back just yet. Too many memories, y'know?" he said and Chris looked down for a moment. "Tell me about it. You know it's… tomorrow, right?" he asked and Leo nodded. "You guys doing anything for it?" Leo asked and it was Chris' turn to sigh. "There's a ceremony here. I think all the crew are going to be here for it. Not a lot else. You going to do anything?" Chris asked. "I'll light a candle for a while," he said quietly. He cleared his throat and changed the subject. "So, how's David?" he asked and Chris smiled. "Ask him yourself," he said as David took the invitation and piled onto Chris' lap, diving into the view of the camera. "Hey Leo, g'day mate!" he said in a particularly poor impersonation of an Australian accent. "That was poor," Leo laughed. "Yeah… accents aren't really my thing," he said, leaning back against Chris' chest and relaxing. They both looked so… happy. Leo felt a twang of jealousy which he quickly pushed down. "So how's command track suiting you? Going to be captain this time next year?" Leo asked and David snorted. "Ensign more like. They recommend it's around eight years to get your own ship, that's unless your name is Jim Kirk then it's about five minutes," he said, smiling. Leo didn't want to smile, he forced himself to, but he didn't want to. There was a reason he didn't call home often, a reason he didn't really want to go back at all. It made him hurt. It made him miss him. "I should graduate this time next year and get straight out on a ship if all goes according to plan," he said and Leo nodded. "That's awesome news. Top of your class yet Chris?" he asked and his brother shrugged. David prodded him in the side and he squirmed. "I'm like… second from top," he said and David rolled his eyes. "He could be, he just never studies at home." "Do to!" "Do not!" "Do to!" "Do not!" Chris shut up his bondmate by kissing him firmly. Leo rolled his eyes and looked away, his own eyes wandering over the curves of a young woman lounging on the other side of the pool. She was just his type. Tall, tanned, and with the perfect balance of curves and toned muscle. He licked his lips briefly before glancing back to the PADD, finding his brother and bondmate now more engrossed in each other than paying any attention to him. He cleared his throat loudly and they both looked up. "I'll leave you guys to it, you seem uh… busy. It was good to talk though, we'll have to do this again soon?" he said and they both agreed. The speed with which they left the conversation told Leo that if they weren't already busy they very shortly would be. His eyes strayed over to the beautiful woman once more before he forced them back to the PADD. He had one more call to make today before he got on with anything else. He waited for the call to connect and cleared his throat a little just as it did. "Son, it is pleasing to make contact with you," Spock said. He looked anything but pleased, but he always looked miserable these days. "Hey Spock, it's good to see you," he forced himself to say, sounding enthusiastic. "I trust you are in good health?" "I am. How about you?" he asked and Spock inclined his head slightly in a short nod. "I am well. What is the progress of your travels?" Leo chuckled. "Did you get my postcards?" he asked. Spock's lips pursed. "I am reluctant to inform you that I only return to the house once a week to collect mail items. I have not received any this week," he said and Leo frowned. "Once a week? Where do you live now?" he asked and Spock shifted in his seat. "I am presently residing in accommodation on campus." "You're living in one of those Starfleet apartments?" Leo asked and Spock nodded. "You're crazy," he sighed, looking away for a moment. "Well. I'm in Australia. I love it here. I've been learning to surf and I've learned a lot about their culture here. I've also made some friends who are also travelling. They're staying in the same hostel as I am," he explained and Spock raised an eyebrow. "A hostel?" "Like a bunkhouse where everyone shares. Bed, shower, it's all I need. Really, it's fine Spock. A lot of people do this and it's totally fine." Spock raised the other eyebrow. "You sleep in a mixed gender dormitory?" "Every single night," Leo answered. "Where do you change your clothes?" Spock asked and Leo sighed. "In the middle of the street," he answered sarcastically. Spock's eyebrows were now so high Leo feared they might fall off, so elaborated for him. "In the bathroom like everybody else does. Or in the bedroom if it's quiet. Nobody cares, everyone here is very open," he said. He tried not to give away in his facial expression just how open some people at the hostel were but Spock could read him too well. "How many of the female's in your hostel have you engaged in intercourse with?" he asked and Leo snorted. "None of your business," he answered, smirking as he took a sip of his beer. "You know how this behaviour ended for Christopher, that is all I will say on the matter. How may I help you?" he asked and Leo frowned. "Help me?" he asked, confused. "What is the purpose of this call?" Spock asked and Leo felt annoyance bubble up. "Do I need a purpose? Can't I just call my dad and tell him hello? And what I've been doing?" he demanded. "Calling for no purpose is illogical," Spock said. "Well. I'm sorry. I'll take my illogicalness elsewhere. Bye Spock," Leo sighed, cutting off the comm. and setting the PADD down underneath his sun lounger, picking up his beer and taking a longer sip, then a moment later another one. Spock could always grind his gears almost instantly. Just one moment of his irritating super-Vulcan emotionless act and Leo had lost all patience for him. He wished he could be close to him like he'd been with Jim, but Spock had just never understood in the way Jim had. Since Jim's death it had been even worse. He knew that Seren still saw Spock all the time, but since he'd left for travelling, Leo had barely kept in contact with him save for the postcards, which if he wasn't even getting them there was no point in continuing to send. He shook it off and stood up, pulling his tee over his head and striding towards the beautiful woman who was now sleeping by the looks of it. He smirked to himself as he neared her, picking up the entire lounger with ease and throwing the whole thing into the pool, jumping in right afterwards. The girl shrieked and as he surfaced she pushed his head immediately back under water. Play fighting with her gave him a chance to feel her body against his, stirring something within him that he'd become all too familiar with. She allowed him to surface and he pushed the water out of his eyes, turning to face her and raising one hand out of the water, offering it to her. "Leo Kirk," he offered, smirking. She glared at him before turning and swimming to the edge of the pool, gracefully lifting herself out in one movement and stalking over to another sun lounger and sitting back down. "Not a fan of swimming?" he asked, approaching the edge. "Not a fan of surprises," she answered back. "Aww, I'm sorry. I thought you were overheating so I was only trying to help," he shrugged, putting on his best puppy-dog eyes. She looked at him for a moment and he hauled himself out of the pool, making sure to flex each muscle in turn, keeping his eyes locked on hers with a clear message written on his face. Less than five minutes later there was a knock on the door of his room. He answered it as he was the only one in the room at the time. "Can I help you?" he asked as he opened the door to find the same girl from the pool standing in front of him. Wet hair now tied into a braid and a white dress on over her wet bikini, almost entirely see-through and completely pointless. "Can you?" she asked, pushing him into the room and kicking the door closed behind them, then shoving him in the direction of the nearest bed, clambering on top of him. "This isn't my bed," he smirked up at her as she pinned his wrists to the bed. "That isn't my problem," she mumbled, lowering her lips to his. He picked up her accent for the first time. It wasn't Australian. If anything, it reminded him a little of Chekov. Leo's mind for a fraction of a second focused on what Spock had said earlier, the way he'd said it, about sleeping with a lot of women while he was out here, but a moment later the thought was gone and he didn't care. "Romulan?" she asked, noticing his ears. "Vulcan," he answered, his breath hitching in his throat as she tickled the palms of his hands lightly. "Rare," she noted and he nodded, tensing slightly as she pressed her lips to his neck before biting gently. "Not pure. Quarter." "Which quarter?" she asked and he smirked. "The best one," he answered, flipping them over and pinning her to the bed, silencing her with his lips before she could protest. He knew that really he was behaving badly, all the girls he'd been sleeping with and not calling back, but he couldn't help himself. He'd discovered an ability to manipulate people that he'd never before known he had, and a small part of him was excited by it, intrigued by it. He wanted to be powerful, wanted people to notice him and for the first time in his life he felt like that was attainable. A/N Don't forget to review, guys! Also, I've not done a very good proof-read, so I'll fix any errors tomorrow :)
Chapter Twenty-Six "We've got no weapons, no warp capability, severe hull damage and they're going to have full weapons in three minutes. What are your orders Captain?" David smirked. "Not much wrong then? Ok. We have to go over there, take the other ship from the inside. Cadet Scott, can you align the ships?" he asked of Molly sitting a few feet from him at the helm. "Aye sir, full thrusters. Ships will be aligned in fifteen seconds," she said. He caught the nervousness in her glance and smirked again. He knew exactly how to beat this test; he'd watched Jim building it a few years ago. "Kirk, with me," he ordered of Chris who was standing nervously nearby. They left the bridge simulator and passed into the next room which contained two virtual reality suits which they began to hastily haul on over their uniforms. One of the suits is going to lose its targeting computer. Molly is going to have to talk us in, just keep calm. They virtually ejected their fake ship, entering a startlingly realistic and mildly terrifying space-jump to board the USS Vengeance. True to David's word, his targeting computer failed. He took a deep breath and forced himself to remain calm, remember what Jim had said happened at this point. He'd half-hoped Chris had the suit with the failing visor, it would have made it easier for him. "Molly my visor is dead, I'm going to need you to talk me in," he said, ignoring the way his palms were beginning to sweat. Nobody had ever passed the Vengeance, it had an even worse reputation than the Kobayashi Maru. "Talk you… that's impossible! You're crazy! The door you're going to splatter near is only three metres across, how do you expect me to-" "My visor is still on. I'm a hundred metres ahead of you and at your 11 o'clock, Captain," Chris interrupted smoothly. David couldn't help the small smirk at the word 'Captain'. He glanced around in the debris, finding Chris where he'd told him and getting behind him, following him closely as they neared the door. "McCoy to crew member aboard Vengeance, be ready with that door," he said, fighting to keep his voice level and calm. He didn't get a response. "Vengeance, do you copy?" "I'm ready with this door, cadet, give me a ten second mark," Jim's voice came through the simulator. David felt a surge of emotion from Chris and sent him back what he hoped were soothing thoughts. David swallowed the lump in his throat. "A-Aye, sir. Ten seconds, now," he said. Molly counted down over the comm. system, the door opened and they both just about cleared it, their aim being very slightly off. The thud of hitting the floor was all-too realistic in the virtual reality suits and David muttered a curse under his breath as he tried to establish where he was hurting the most. "How many decks are we from the bridge?" he demanded. "Four, sir. Turbo-lift right ahead," Molly said. Chris began to stride for it and David stopped him by grabbing his shoulder. "This ship is in enemy hands. Do you really want to lock yourself in a cell?" he asked and Chris turned. His brown eyes were storming with emotion but his face gave nothing away. "Good point, sir," he bit out. "Scott, alternate route to the bridge?" She came back seconds later with directions, sending them up an access ladder for two decks then along a corridor. They fought off two henchmen, something which always felt strange in virtual reality, to swing a punch full force at nothing. It took them another thirty seconds to reach the bridge, phasers drawn. Just as the door to the bridge opened, the klaxon rang out and David whipped off the helmet of the virtual reality suit, looking around and then up at the instructors watching from the viewing deck. "You failed, Cadet McCoy. The enemy ship restored weapons and fired on Enterprise. You took too long," he explained. David's hands balled into fists. "You… you didn't change the voice? You let him take this test with… with his dead father's voice track still on here?!" he demanded, not even caring about the test, not caring about failing. All he cared about was the hurt radiating off his bondmate who was shrinking away towards the wall, his own virtual reality helmet tucked under his arm and his eyes on the floor. "Cadet McCoy I hardly think that-" "You hardly think. End of sentence," he spat. He was livid. How could they be so insensitive? Jim had been dead eighteen months. They would have had umpteen chances in that time to replace the voice track with a different member of the Enterprise crew, of any crew, why hadn't they? David, stop. You'll get in trouble. "Commander, please tell us where we could have saved some time and got to the bridge faster?" Chris interrupted, trying to change the subject. The commander read out a list of several different opportunities they had, each saving a few seconds which would have got them to the bridge in time. "Thank you for your feedback," Chris answered politely. David could feel his annoyance. They'd failed by all of three seconds. Frustrated, they both stripped of the virtual-reality suits and then went back through into the simulator bridge. "Nice job killing us all, dingus," Molly smirked. David flipped her off as Chris paced in front of the view screen. "You'd have killed us all twice as fast," he retorted and she rolled her eyes. They all waited a few moments for the commander to come down and dismiss them before filing out of the room. Chris and David loitered behind and left last. They didn't so much as look at each other until they were down the hallway and around the corner. "Chris, keep it together," David mumbled as he felt the sadness welling up, tears stinging at his own eyes even though it wasn't his emotions. Their bond was stronger now, but he still couldn't get the hang of shielding properly. He had learnt to keep his own thoughts and feelings to himself, but struggled to block the inbound information. He was something of a slave to what Chris was feeling from one moment to the next. He glanced at Chris as they walked to catch him wiping away a single tear with the sleeve of his black undershirt. "I'm sorry. I can't believe they hadn't changed it… If I'd have known I never would have asked you to-" "It's ok. I'm frustrated for you that you failed. I know it's just this that stands between you and getting out there," he said. David could hear him fighting to keep his voice steady. "And it's ok. I can have another turn, remember? Failing once isn't the end of it. Failing is the test. You have to learn from it, go away, think, evaluate. I shouldn't be so cocky next time that's for sure," he said and Chris' lip quirked. "You were pretty smug. Maybe if you can the smirking and the sarcasm you'll win them over enough to let you off three seconds," he suggested helpfully and David sighed. "Have you watched the footage of Jim's Kobayashi Maru?" he asked. Chris shook his head. "It's in the archives. He cheated. Reprogrammed it, went in there cocky as shit. Sat in the chair and ate an apple. A fucking apple! But it worked, it got Pike's attention, proved his potential. I know I have that potential, I just want them to see it! All they see is a guy who failed his pilots exam enough times that he gave up and changed track-" "-and got a medal for assisting in the rescue of the crew of the Intrepid," Chris pointed out and David rolled his eyes. "We all got those medals-" "-Still a medal," Chris snapped. David didn't try to respond. He could feel the annoyance radiating off his bondmate so thought it best to just keep his mouth shut. "I'm going to hit the gym, see you later," Chris said quietly, walking away in an opposite direction and leaving David walking home alone, wondering what he could do to help Chris feel better. Hearing Jim's voice must have been tough. It had been his birthday a month or so ago, a day they struggled with. Christopher had been quiet all day that day, then after David had gone to class he'd called him repeatedly until he excused himself and picked up. He'd walked fifteen blocks to find him in a dimly-lit bar, double vodka sitting in front of him untouched. "He wouldn't want this for you," David had said, sliding in the next barstool and pulling the drink across so it was in front of himself. "He wouldn't want to be dead," Chris bit back, his hand on the bar clenching into a fist. "No, of course not. But he'd want you to do well with your life. We've talked about this, come on, remember? Doing good? You getting any closer to taking your next fitness eval?" he asked and Chris blinked hard. "Yeah. I can go whenever I want… I just… I don't know. I'm nervous." "You're the strongest you've ever been!" David persuaded. "Yeah but… the new fitness testing is off the charts crazy, I don't know if I can pass it," he said, squirming in his seat a little. "Of course you're going to pass it! You can run what… ten, fifteen miles before you start getting tired? You can bench press me… you can throw me around like I'm nothing, and I'm not nothing, so come on, what's the problem?" Chris sighed. "I'm a little intimidated by it, all the other men there," he admitted, eyes wandering over to the drink again. David caught his eyes wandering and downed the drink himself, setting the empty glass upside down on the bar and pulling a face. "Vodka never was my drink," he said, crinkling his nose as he ordered them both a soda. "Come on, no more distractions. We agreed that we were both going to try harder, I've done my part… I'm the fittest I've ever been, I'm a hair away from graduating, top of almost every class. It's time for you to stick to your side of the deal. You can do this, Chris, I know you can. I have to take the same fitness test as you before I can graduate, want me to schedule mine at the same time? Would that make it any easier?" he asked and Chris thought for a moment before nodding. "We can still keep it a secret though, right?" Chris asked and David nodded. "Of course," he said. Aside from family and close friends, they kept their relationship a secret around Starfleet. There was a new Admiral who was making waves, making it difficult for cadets in same sex relationships at the academy. The last thing either of them needed was to be given a hard time by this guy, so they agreed it was just easier this way. It also meant that it wouldn't hurt their chances of being posted on the same ship or to the same starbase. "One day though, we won't be a secret," Chris said firmly. David gave him a small smile. "No, course not, just while we climb the ranks a little it's easier if they think we're just best buddies." "Jim wouldn't have stood for it though. The way this Mitchell guy is treating people. He'd have got him fired or something, quoted some regulation… somehow, he'd have got this guy," Chris fumed. "To be honest Chris, if Jim was still around I think he'd be Mitchell's boss. The only reason he skipped Commodore and went straight up to Admiral is because Jim wasn't here to take the job. We all know it was going to happen. I think he knew it was coming too," David said and Chris nodded. "I think he knew. I think they were waiting for him though, to do something bold again, like he used to do. They wanted him to prove he hadn't lost his edge," Chris said, draining a large amount of his soda in one. David could tell he wanted to leave so he followed suit. "Yeah, maybe," he agreed. "Just… think how long Chris. You've been sober eleven months, don't throw that away for something stupid like anxiety over a fitness test," David encouraged, taking his hand and giving it a small squeeze. "I know, I… was being stupid," he said quickly, refusing to meet David's eye. "You aren't stupid," he said, one hand rising to the side of Chris' face, encouraging him to look at him. "You aren't stupid," he reiterated when Chris did finally meet his eye. Chris nodded quickly and looked away again. They had left quickly, heading back to Chris' apartment. He didn't want to stay in dorms at the academy and had kept the apartment he'd been renting with Leo. David hadn't officially moved in, but Chris had never asked and he didn't want to assume anything. About half his stuff was there though, so whenever he did stay over it wasn't a problem. It was about ten minutes after they got home that Chris spoke up. "Hearing Jim's voice today… it's not the first time," he admitted and David tilted his head questioningly, encouraging Chris to continue speaking. "I call his voicemail, sometimes, just to hear him," Chris admitted. "And I… uh… I think my communicator glitched a while back, I had an old message from him re-appear as if it was a new one. It was when he was arranging to pick me up from somewhere, but then there was… I don't know. Some sounds after it, that weren't on the original recording," he finished, leaving the unspoken end to his sentence hanging in the air. "You think… you wonder if he's still alive somewhere?" David asked. Chris gave one simple nod. "Chris I… I don't know. There's no proof of that and-" "There's no actual proof that he's dead," Chris interrupted quickly. "No. There isn't. But nobody could have survived that explosion in a little shuttle like that, even if he was back in the shuttle at all. For all we know he hand delivered that bomb straight to the leader of those bastards and was still holding it when it-" "Stop." "Chris I'm sorry, I'm just trying to-" "Stop," Chris said again, more firmly the second time. They were silent for a few seconds. "Let me play you the message, and you tell me it doesn't creep you out. It sounds like… well, I'll show you," Chris said, pulling his communicator from his pocket and setting the message up to play. David listened intently. Hey buddy, I'm running a little late, I got held up at work. Sorry, would you mind walking the first four blocks or so? I'll meet you by that donut place we sometimes go to on Saturdays? See you soon Jim's voice stopped, but the message didn't stop playing, Chris held up his hand to indicate to David to stay silent. See… see you soon. Chris. Chris. Late. Running late. Sorry. Chris I'm sorry. "He never said my name in the original message," Chris whispered. "So where is the glitch getting my name from?" he added quickly before the communicator continued, bursts of static interspersing the cracked voice. Every hair on the back of David's neck was standing up on end, a strange cold creping into his limbs. Home. Chris. Home… sorry… h…he…hel The message stopped and David exhaled heavily. "Holy shit," he breathed. "How long have you had this?" Chris shrugged. "Couple of months. I listened to it on my own at night first… scared the hell outta me," he said with a shudder. "Maybe have Scotty take a look at your communicator?" David suggested. "He's… he's had a message too," Chris said hesitantly. "Really? Anybody else?" David asked and Chris nodded. "Spock had a couple. Took me hours to get him to admit to it. His was clearer… Jim was... crying. He was crying in the message. I don't know what to do," Chris admitted. "Well go to Starfleet! Get them to start searching for him! If he's out there somewhere then-" "Starfleet can't do anything. Scotty, Molly and Leo all took a look at it. They can't trace where it's coming from. The signal doesn't have a source," he said and David frowned. "That's bullshit. All signals have to have a source, it can't have come from nowhere!" "This is why I didn't tell you," Chris said slowly. "Why?" "Because… I don't want to pursue it any more. I already asked the three smartest people I know, two of whom are engineers. They don't know. Even a professional hacker doesn't know. They all think it's just some kind of… residual echo, some fuck up with the communicators," he said with a shrug. "It sounded like he was asking for help, Chris, what if he's in trouble?" "I'm inclined to agree that the messages are just some sort of error with the communicators. Maybe his one still had power when it blew up, sent off a few old messages before it died completely? I don't know. I can't torture myself with wondering if he's still out there alive and is going to knock on my door one day. I can't do it. I need to accept that he's gone, having doubts isn't going to allow me to do that," he said finally. Questions swirled in David's mind. What if Jim was out there somewhere and was somehow sending messages back? What if he needed help? What if he'd been taken by the Borg? What if they weren't actually gone? He opened his mouth to speak and Chris gave him a look that said don't. "It's been going through my head for months already. I just don't see it being possible. If the signal doesn't have a source, then we can't find him… so maybe we should just… leave it. If I get any more messages I'll tell you straight away. Anyway, I'm going to bed," Chris said, stading up from the couch and heading for the bedroom. David didn't follow for half an hour, spending some time just sitting and getting his thoughts together. He reached the conclusion that Chris was right. The chance of Jim being out there somewhere was a good as none. Torturing themselves wouldn't make it true. In the month since that night David hadn't mentioned it again, but he'd noticed Chris was getting cagey with his communicator, keeping it on his person at all times and being very protective over it. Sometimes he'd disappear in the evenings too. Never when they had plans to hang out, but a few times David had tried to swing by the apartment to surprise him and had found it empty. Tonight was another one of those nights. After what had happened with the test earlier and Chris' eagerness to get away so quickly, David was a little worried about him. He tried to reach out through their bond but found it firmly blocked off. He went to Chris' apartment and let himself in with the key he'd recently been given, lounging on the couch until Chris arrived home a few hours later looking exhausted. He noticed David and looked surprised. "Hey, what… what are you doing here?" he asked and David frowned. "You gave me a key, remember?" "Yeah, but I didn't… I don't know. Forget it," he said, going over to the kitchen and fussing with something. "What? You not want me here?" David asked, getting up off the couch and approaching Chris in the kitchen area, who backed away from him. David sighed. "I'm going to go running. I'll be thirty minutes, when I get back, I think we should talk," David said calmly. He'd learnt the best way to avoid a fight with Chris was to not be the one to start it. It went against his every natural instinct not to yell at him, try to bully him, but he had to do it. He wondered if that was him growing up, finding ways to control his argumentative side. David went into the bedroom, quickly changed for his run and then left the apartment building. He jogged on the spot in the elevator as he often did before he went running and hit the pavement outside at high speed. He plugged his headphones into his ears, turning them up louder than maybe he usually would, just to try and shut out his thoughts for a moment, just to be himself and the pavement rushing by under his feet. He ran his usual circuit, which took him a total of twenty-seven minutes. Just as the apartment building came back into view the world rotated violently to the left, something very solid striking his left side. He was aware of his feet leaving the pavement and flailing uselessly for a moment and then cold and damp as he lay on the ground, a bright light in his face. "Oh my goodness! Young man are you alright?" there was an elderly woman at his side now, touching his arm. He brought one hand up to his face, noticing red staining his fingertips. He opened his mouth to speak, but all he could hear was his own heart pounding in his ears. "David? David! Look at me, ok?" Chris' voice. He forced himself to look up. "You've been in an accident, but you're ok, you're just in shock, that's all," Chris said assertively. This doesn't make sense? Chris is useless with injuries and blood and anything medical. He hates it. "You've banged your leg up but it's just a scrape, here, hold this and apply pressure," he instructed, putting something soft in his right hand and guiding it to his leg where the blood was coming from. "Hey, I see a paramedic, you're ok David, they're right here," Chris said, leaving his side for just a moment and returning with a strange woman beside him now. "I got you, just relax," he said confidently. David allowed his eyes to close. The next time he opened them he was wrapped in clean white sheets and could taste over-clean hospital air. "What the hell-"he started and Chris chuckled. "You got knocked over by a car," he said, still smirking. "Why is this funny?" David demanded. "Because it was a little old lady." "Still doesn't make it funny," David said with a scowl. "Aww sour-puss, don't be such a grump," Chris said, moving over to the side of the bed and placing a kiss on the top of his head. "Did I hurt myself?" "You broke your leg. Open break, bone was clean out of your skin," Chris said, not seeming the slightest bit squeamish. "But you… how did you stay calm?" David asked, tearing sheets aside to get a look at his leg. He was relieved to find nothing to see aside from a faint pink line where the break in his skin had been. That too would probably fade within a week or so. "There's nothing to see! You dad had you fixed up in about half an hour, you just need to keep off it for a week as much as you can, then good as new," Chris said, dodging the question. Chris! The blood and the damn bone sticking out of my leg, how did you ignore that? Chris smiled as David used their bond to communicate. "I uh… I guess I have something to tell you," he said, his hands wringing together nervously. "I've been volunteering here at the hospital," he said seriously. David looked at him for a moment before bursting out laughing. It took him a few long seconds to realise Chris was telling the truth. "For real? Since when?" "Since that night when I wanted a drink. I've been trying to… better myself. I started up in paediatrics and well, I love it. You dad helped me get the placement. It helps me with Starfleet too, officers with basic medical training are favourable, it can mean they have more leeway in choosing their own missions and ships and-" "You've… that's where you've been going at night?" David asked, stunned. "I've been reading stories and changing bandages," Chris said sincerely. "Oh and sometimes I whip my shirt off in the burns ward just to prove getting blown half to hell isn't the end of the world," he shrugged. "C'mere," David said, shifting over in the small bed. "I won't fit in there with-" "Get," David said firmly, patting the bed beside him. "You are amazing," he said quietly as Chris squeezed into the bed next to him. "You're not mad?" Chris asked and David chuckled. "I was a little worried you were cheating on me, but no, of course I'm not mad. Never would have pegged you for the children's ward though. You like kids?" he asked. It was a subject that rarely came up between them. Chris nodded eagerly. "They're awesome. Some of the ones I've been watching are just so sweet. This one kid-" David lay contentedly, listening to Chris babble on excitedly about some of the children he'd been looking after on the ward, an idea starting to come into his mind. It seemed ridiculous, but he allowed it to grow, exciting himself with the possibility even. "Hello?" Chris asked, waving a hand in front of David's face. "Sorry, my own world for a minute," he said, coming back to reality and forcing himself to stop thinking about he and Chris in a couple of years with a bundle of white blankets nestled between them. "Want to get out of here?" "Can I?" "Your dad was here literally two minutes before you woke up. He said to swing by his office on the way out and you're free to go, so long as I take good care of you for a whole week until you're allowed to put weight on your leg again." "Yes nurse," David said with a smirk and he was sure he noticed a tiny green blush creep into Chris' cheeks. He swallowed the indignity of being wheeled through the hospital corridors in a damn chair, made a quick stop by his dad's office, and then before he knew it Chris was helping him get out of the car back at the apartment. "Pretty crazy to think I went up against a car," he said absentmindedly as they rode the elevator. "And lost," Chris pointed out. "Yeah but… only because I have legs. Cars have a structural advantage see, much more compact, none of those pesky limbs to break," he said. Chris let out an excited squeal as he noticed a large parcel sitting outside his door. His face fell slightly when he saw it was addressed to David, but he perked right back up again when he saw that it was entirely edible. They got inside the apartment and opened it up properly. "Crazy old lady… now I am inclined to sue," David chuckled as he stuffed one of the mini-muffins in his mouth. He'd shrugged off the whole accident. He hadn't looked properly before he'd crossed the street to the best of his recollection, so it seemed a waste of time to try to pin the blame on either party. The woman had seemed shaken enough by the whole thing anyway. "Yeah, doesn't she know we're on a no-carb diet? Jeez. How inconsiderate," Chris said, stuffing one in his own mouth and practically keening at the taste. "Doesn't that have chocolate in it?" David pointed out and Chris froze for a second, eyes widening. "Uh… shit," he said, swallowing what he'd chewed up and spitting out the rest. "Got any blueberry ones in there?" he asked, peeking into the giant basket again and grinning when he found a pile of fruit muffins. "You never said you quit chocolate, only drugs and alcohol," David pointed out. "Ok good, because blueberry is nasty," Chris grinned, grabbing another chocolate chip muffin from the basket and stuffing it in his face greedily. "You cannot tell we haven't eaten real carbs in a month," David laughed as he put away his ninth or tenth cake a short while later, sitting in front of the tv with his leg propped up carefully. It was strapped but not in a cast, it had already been repaired and just needed a week to settle. "Absolutely not," Chris said, snatching up all the empty cake casings and taking them to the trash disposal. "Can we just eat white pasta too, say fuck it all?" David asked and Chris shook his head. "No! We're going to be Starfleet officers, right? We're strong-willed. We eat clean, train hard, and focus on our studying. No more carbs for you today Mr," Chris said, confiscating the remainder of the muffin basket and placing it away on top of the refrigerator where David couldn't reach due to his leg. "You suck," David whined and Chris raised an eyebrow. "That a request?" he asked and David smirked. "Wheel me into the bedroom and find out!" he challenged. Chris looked so alive, so happy and it made him so happy. It was like everything was working out just how it should between them. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~*~* Spock could have looked at him forever. The way the moonlight caught his face just right, showing off the water running down from his golden hair, glistening in droplets in the silvery glow, lopsided grin beaming at him. "Spock? I asked you a question…" Jim pointed out. Spock paused. "I… apologise, I must request you repeat it," he answered and Jim laughed. "I asked if you wanted to go home yet?" he said again. Spock was still barely able to tear his eyes away. It had been several months since they had seen each other, and in the three days he had been home from his mission, they had spent no time alone until that evening. They'd gone out for dinner, had several glasses of wine, or rather Jim had, and were now walking through the park. The weather had turned unexpectedly, and a short, sharp shower had left them both drenched. Spock had sought shelter under a tree and remained mostly dry. Jim had run in circles in the rain, laughing like a child and trying to get Spock to join him. He'd eventually conceded and was now just as soaked as his Captain. "I… I will defer to your good judgement, Captain," Spock said and Jim laughed again. "Well, my good judgement says it's about time we spend some real time together, what do you say?" Jim said, waggling his eyebrows suggestively. "I believe you to be inebriated, Jim," Spock answered flatly. "I'm a little tipsy," he confessed. "Come on Spock, we haven't seen each other in months! Bones and Carol have the kids all night, we can do whatever we want," he said, now standing very close. Spock's eyes followed one particular bead of water as it travelled down Jim's face. He raised his thumb and caught it at the corner of his lips, lightly caressing his face. Their bond sparked with desire, adoration, a hint of lust. "I find this suggestion agreeable," Spock said, tearing his eyes away and forcing them to begin walking back in the direction of home. "You want to walk?! Are you crazy? It'll take forever," Jim whined. "Forty-seven minutes approximately," Spock pointed out. "I think a cab would be much more suitable than forty-seven minutes and another potential rain shower," Jim pointed out, hailing one that was passing and opening the door for Spock to get in first. They were home in less than ten minutes, shoes and coats discarded by the door. Jim dragged him upstairs by the hand, clothing began to be discarded too as they finally reached their room and tumbled into bed together at last, after all these months apart. "God, Spock, I missed you," Jim mumbled as he traced kisses along the Vulcan's jawline and up to the lobe of his ear. "And I you, Jim," Spock said softly in return. Jim paused his ministrations, moving his head back slightly so their eyes could meet through the half-light in the bedroom. "I'll never stop loving you, and I'll always find my way home to you, I hope you know that," Jim said softly. The sincerity in his blue eyes was startling, and for a moment, beneath him on the bed, Jim looked incredibly vulnerable. Spock leant down and pressed his forehead to his bondmates, basking in the contentedness he felt from the action. "I will love you to the ends of time and space, eternity, Th'yla," Spock breathed. Jim opened his mouth to speak again- Spock woke abruptly. He was sweating. It was very rare for him to sweat. He could recall only a handful of times it had happened during his entire life. He took a moment to assess his person. He did not feel unwell aside from a slight tingling in his head. He followed the sensation, rapidly forming a conclusion as it led him to the point of his bond with Jim. It made sense. He had been having a very vivid dream; the bond had been tricked into attempting to re-connect to Jim's mind. He sighed quietly and rolled over in bed, staring at the empty side. He reached out one hand and placed it flat on the bed before him. "I miss you ashayam," he whispered. He very rarely admitted it aloud. He very rarely acknowledged it. But he did. He did miss Jim a great deal. He'd struggled dealing with everything that had happened since Jim's death, all things which with Jim's guidance he'd have been perfectly able to deal with. Things were changing at Starfleet too, and changing in a way Jim would not have liked or tolerated. His ex-classmate Gary Mitchell had been fast-tracked to admiralty and was doing everything he could to seemingly force the academy to take a step back in terms of equality. Spock had noticed his own office had been moved to one significantly smaller and in close proximity to an external door where students would sometimes loiter and become noisy and disruptive. He would have to frequently go outside and move them along. He'd also noticed that when he'd seen Doctor McCoy he'd seemed particularly agitated, even moreso than his usual level of annoyance. Spock theorised it had something to do with Mitchell's hatred of homosexual couples, and his seemingly particularly strong hatred of anything to do with Jim. He'd been intending to ask Christopher if he had noticed anything different in his classes, but the last time he had seen him he had not mentioned it. Spock lay still for a little while longer, willing himself to go back to sleep. Eventually he did, tumbling into yet another memory, this time one that didn't belong to him. "I hurt Bones," Jim whined, but there was nothing sarcastic about it, nothing jokey. Jim was deadly serious; a throb of agony washing over his entire body, right down to the tips of his fingers and toes. "You're getting over septicaemia, of course you hurt," the Doctor grumbled in return. "When… when is it going to stop?" he asked quietly. Bones sighed and sat down on the bed beside his friend. Jim's legs were dangling uselessly, shoes on the floor beneath his feet that he just couldn't bring himself to put on yet. "The physical or the emotional?" Bones asked and Jim's face crumpled as he fought back a fresh wave of tears. "I can't say. It isn't something I've ever dealt with personally. It's terrible Jim… it's so goddamn unfair, I know how much you wanted this, and how much that baby would have been loved." Jim hiccupped uselessly as two tears rolled down his cheeks. "Jim, shh, it's ok," Bones said, standing up now in front of him, holding him close, Jim's face nestled into his shoulder. "I just want to go home," Jim said in a muffled voice. "That's ok. You can go home, just gotta put your shoes on," Bones encouraged, supporting Jim with one hand on each arm as he slowly slipped off the bed and put his shoes on. He leant down to tie them and immediately winced. "No, it's ok, I got it kid," Bones said quickly, pushing Jim so he was standing upright again and tying the laces of his beat up sneakers for him. "Never thought I'd see the day where I've got you on your knees in front of me Bones," Jim said, with a small waggle of one eyebrow. The Doctor sighed and sat back on his haunches, looking up at his friend and the weak smile on his face. He was relieved that Jim hadn't lost his sense of humour at least. "All ya had to do was ask, darlin'," he chuckled, standing up as Jim shoved him lightly. "You ok to walk?" he asked and Jim nodded quickly. "Alright, let's go," Bones said, beginning to lead Jim through the endless maze of white corridors that was Starfleet medical. "Vultures," Bones spat as he saw the large congregation of paparazzi outside the main doors. "I'll smuggle you out through the doctors lounge Jimmy," he assured, leading Jim away from the doors again and a short way along the corridor to a door that Bones peeked in first before holding open for Jim. There were only a few doctors in there on break, they seemed to barely notice Jim and Bones as they made their way through and to a small door that led to the outside world. Just on the other side of it they paused. "Want me to bring the car around? Or can you walk? It's only about fifty metres away," Bones said. Jim's knees were shaking and he was sweating profusely, almost no colour left in his face. "I cn'walk," he grit out, determined. Bones sighed and accepted his answer, beginning to lead him across the parking lot. Jim didn't know when the reporters spotted them, but he was quickly aware of being surrounded by people, all asking questions. "What's the current status of your health?" "Is it true you were admitted because of an alcohol related incident?" "Why isn't your husband here?" "Are your kids home alone right now?" "No comment, he's got nothin' to say to any of you scavengers," Bones growled, supporting Jim by the upper arm for the last few feet until they got to his car. The car was quickly surrounded and Bones sighed, running a hand through his hair and winding down the window. "He's got nothin' to say and neither have I, so would you just back up off my car so I can take the guy home?" Bones yelled angrily. Nobody backed up. Bones started the engine and revved it, when that still led to nobody moving he deployed his windscreen washers, spraying water over a group of the reporters who backed up quickly, giving him a window to quickly dart away. "God damn scum," Bones grumbled. "You'reso good t'me Bones. Maybe I made th… the wr'ng decision, should'a married you instead," Jim mumbled sleepily. Bones chuckled. "I'd have had something to say about that Jimmy. Plus you aint really my type." "Wha? You don' like Captains?" Jim asked, barely keeping himself awake. Bones chuckled again. "It aint the Captain part that puts me off, more the penis part," he said and it was Jim's turn to chuckle. "I love you Bones," he slurred out. Jim was aware of the car pulling in and stopping, then Bones' face in front of his, one hand on his wrist checking his pulse. "Just go to sleep Jim. An hour and you'll be in your bed all safe." "I wan' Spock," Jim slurred. "I've called him, but I don't think he's coming yet." "But I wanna," Jim mumbled. "He's pretty far away, I don't think he can come back instantly. Just give him a bit of time, I'm sure he's on his way," Bones soothed. He glanced across at Jim again to find his head lolling uselessly on his shoulder. Kid had finally given in and fallen asleep. The drive took a little under an hour with the bad traffic Bones had been expecting at this time of day. Bones parked his car on the driveway and went into the house, leaving Jim asleep in the passenger seat for the time being. "Scotty?" he called out, noticing a bit of a mess in the hallway. Shoes were scattered everywhere and there were a few brightly coloured darts on the floor. "Ow!" Bones yelped as something solid hit him in the back of the head, he turned to find Christopher standing behind him with some kind of gun aimed right at his head. "Hands up!" he ordered. "Chris not now, do you know where Uncle Scotty is?" he asked. "OBEY!" Chris roared, grabbing the doctor by the legs. With an indignant cry he landed flat on his back in the hallway, flailing his legs to try and get the child to let go. "Chris, this is important, I've got Jim in the car and he needs to come back into the house. It needs to be tidy and quiet for him, ok? Can you help me?" Chris narrowed his eyes. "I don't negotiate with terrorists," he said with a glare. Bones would have laughed if the kid hadn't been being such a royal pain in his ass. "Len?" he heard Scotty's voice come from the living room. He got up and followed it, snatching the gun from Chris as he passed him and removing the darts from the ammo cartridge before setting it down on the floor and pocketing the darts. The living room was even more of a mess, with a large fort made from blankets and chairs and got only knows what other pieces of furniture on one side of the room. "Scotty?" he asked tentatively, hearing a muffled response from inside the fort. He pulled one blankets aside before turning to the child behind him. "Did you do this?" he asked. "He was-" "Christopher. No. Uncle Scotty is a grown up, you have to treat him with respect," he warned as the started to tear down the blankets and reveal Scotty in the middle, tied to a chair looking thoroughly like he wasn't in the mood for playing. Chris had somewhere found some other sort of toy gun, and started shooting Bones with it in the back, from point blank range, yelling something about Klingons and armies and terrorists. Bones worked quickly to get Scotty untied. "Little bastard grabbed me. I was sittin' in this chair, mindin' my own business, and he grabbed me! Strong as anythin' Len. Been in here about an hour, beyond a joke! I don't even know where the other two have gone," he said and Bones nodded, reaching into his coat pocket for something he'd been saving for Jim if he needed it. He closed his fingers around the hypo and removed it slowly. He waited for Chris to get as close as possible before launching at him with it, managing to stick him in the upper arm with the sedative. He cried out and struggled, but his eyelids were drooping already. Bones caught him before he hit the deck and struggled to heave him over to the couch. "God damn kid is a lunatic. Five year old that ties his babysitter to a chair… Jesus," Bones grumbled looking around at the mess. "Jim's out in the car, I was going to take him right upstairs. You can head off if you need to," Bones offered and Scotty shook his head. "I'll help you get him upstairs," he said. The two men quickly located Seren and Leo locked in the kitchen and set them to tidying the living room. Leo did his best but tripped over a shoe on the floor so Scotty reassigned him to sitting next to Christopher waiting for him to wake up. They got the hallway cleared of mess and checked upstairs quickly, finding that Chris' reign of terror had only extended to the lower floor of the house. "Shall we get him?" Bones asked and Scotty nodded, the two of them heading back out to the car. Between the two of them they managed to lift Jim's limp form and carry him into the house and up the stairs. He barely stirred as they set him down gently on the large bed, Bones getting to removing his shoes. "Poor guy," Scotty said sadly. Bones nodded but didn't say anything. "He's gonna be ok?" Scotty asked. "Physically, yeah, he'll be fine in another couple of days," Bones answered, affectionately brushing Jim's hair back off his clammy forehead. "And… and-" "I couldn't save the uterus. That was their last try." Both men were silent for a few minutes before Scotty spoke up again. "Maybe I could talk Ny into givin' 'em ours, I sure as hell don't know a thing abou' carin' for a wee baby," he said, running his hands through his hair. Nyota was due at any moment, and Scotty couldn't help but admit he was avoiding her. She was uncomfortable and irritated and everything he did seemed to be wrong. "You'll do fine," Bones assured the engineer. "What if she hates me?" "Who, your wife or your baby?" Bones asked with one raised eyebrow. "Both!" Bones chuckled. "You'll do fine. Now get out of here, I don't want her finding out it's me that's keeping you out of the house and hunting me down and peelin' my eyeballs or somethin'…" he said and it was Scotty's turn to chuckle. "Can't you just…" "I can't induce her without her consent," the doctor answered bluntly. "But-" "No! Nature will take it's course. She aint even at the due date yet, got a whole week to go. Go and enjoy your last seven days of freedo-" "Bones," Jim whimpered out, cutting off the two men's conversation. "I'm here Jim," he said, stepping over to the bed and picking up his friends hand. He opened his eyes and looked around blearily. "He's still not here Bones?" Jim asked, confused and starting to look scared. "I told you already Jim, he's on his way," Bones assured, motioning for Scotty to leave. Jim was disorientated and panicking, something he wouldn't have wanted anyone to see that wasn't absolutely necessary. "The kids are here though, want me to go get them from downstairs?" he asked and Jim shook his head, face crumpling. "I want my baby," he whispered. It broke Bones' heart, seeing him so pitiful like this, seeing him in a moment or pure despair. "Jim-"he started, but realised there was nothing to say. He did the only thing he could. He kicked off his shoes and climbed into Spock's side of the bed, immediately wrapping Jim up in his arms. "You ever speak a word of this again and I'll kill you, got it?" he mumbled. Jim nodded and nuzzled his face into Bones' neck, breathing in his warm smell. The Doctor was aware of him falling asleep again a short while later and then he must have drifted off himself, as the next thing he was aware of was three small bodies in the bed around them. "Is daddy going to be ok?" a shy voice whispered. He couldn't be sure which child it belonged to. It had got dark, and the room was dim enough that he couldn't make out details. "He's gonna be ok kiddo, but only if you take extra care of him. Can you do that? The three of you look after him?" "For how long?" piped up a different voice. Bones thought for a moment before answering. "Forever kiddo." "Forever and ever?" asked the first voice again. Bones was becoming more sure it was Leo. "And ever and ever," Bones said, dragging the young boy into a tight hug. He giggled and squirmed and first but then settled down. He was only slightly startled when Jim's arm wrapped tightly around his waist and pulled him close. He mumbled something in his sleep that sounded suspiciously like 'Spock'. The Doctor didn't say a word. Spock jolted awake at the sound of his communicator and he picked it up from the nightstand beside him, noticing the time. It was still very early, just before five in the morning. He had a voice message. A cold shiver of dread ran down his spine as he hovered his finger over the button to play it. What if it was another strange echo of Jim? Could he handle hearing his voice again? Seemingly upset? He pressed play, holding his breath. Hey Spock it's me. I'm sorry. I know it's early… I just… I got this weird message and I'm kind of shaken up about it. Do you mind if I come over? Well. I mean, I say that, I'm already in the house, I let myself in. Just wanted to bounce some theories off you. Come down whenever, I can wait. Leo's voice finished and Spock exhaled slowly. Dreaming within blurry memories of Jim's and the children's was always draining and he now had a headache buzzing in the left front of his skull. He did his best to ignore it and focus on the matter at hand. He knew Christopher had received a strange message too, but his one wasn't so clear. Spock extricated himself from the blankets slowly, doing his best as usual not to look at Jim's side of the bed all made up and not slept in. He'd moved back into the house. Living away on campus had just felt wrong when Jim's presence could still be felt so strongly in the home which they'd shared as a family. Sometimes it was comforting, other times, such as when somebody would receive a strange message, not so much. Spock dressed himself appropriately in casual clothing and then padded down the stairs to find Leo sitting at the dining table, long hair hanging in his face and communicator in pieces before him. "Morning," he said, taking a sip from the orange juice he had in a glass in front of him. "Good Morning," Spock said slowly, his voice coming out rougher than usual due to the fact he hadn't yet used it that day. "Got a voicemail from… from y'know. He sounded a tad upset, so I think it's about time we go find him and bring him home?" Leo said, barely looking up from what he was doing with his communicator. "Leo, Jim is dead. He is not anywhere to be found. He cannot be brought home to us. We must accept this as fact," Spock explained, surprising even himself with the gentleness in his tone. "He's… he asked for my help. I have to help," Leo said, voice cracking only slightly but enough that Spock noticed it immediately. Spock could detect a torrent of emotions pouring from him. "I cannot explain what you are hearing, but I assure you it is not him." Leo was silent, just staring at the communicator parts littered before him, eyes down and not meeting Spock's. "You had the strongest link with him as a child, when you explore your mind now, do you still sense it? Do you sense any trace of it?" Leo whispered an answer that Spock heard, but only just. "I beg your pardon?" he prompted and Leo looked up at him, eyes burning with… with hatred. "I said no," he said through gritted teeth. Spock visibly flinched. He hadn't seen a look like that since… Khan. "If… If he were alive, I would be able to sense him through my bond to him, as you would be able to sense him through yours. It is illogical to-" Spock stopped talking abruptly as an agonising jolt of pain shot through his head. It took every ounce of self control not to cry out. Then as quickly as it began, it stopped. He looked at Leo who looked just as shocked as he did. "Leo-" he began but Leo was already up out of his seat, gathering up the communicator and stuffing bits and pieces of it into his pockets. "Leo. Sit," Spock ordered firmly. His son spared him a glance and then sighed, sitting down at the table and looking at his hands balled into fists on the wooden surface in front of him. "How long have you been able to launch a telepathic attack without physical contact?" Spock asked, still slightly breathless from the intensity of the pain in his head. "I don't know I-" "You do know. When did you come to realise you possess this ability?" he asked and Leo shrugged. "A while ago. After my… illness. I'm a little scared of it," he admitted and Spock looked at him carefully. His nails were chewed right down to the very lowest point they could be without bleeding and his face was unshaven. His hair had been the subject of numerous conversations, but had still not been cut in over a year and was now approaching his shoulders. "Have you used this ability before?" Spock asked and Leo nodded. "There was this guy… when I was travelling. I was in London, he was really rude to this woman waiting for a cab. It was night time and he took her cab, actually physically pushed her aside to take it… and she was alone and it was a bad neighbourhood... I went over and yelled at him and I got so angry and… and then he stopped talking and started like… twitching. His nose started bleeding and he hit the deck and I ran," he admitted, all in one breath as if it had been burdening him for a while. Spock was silent for a moment. If Starfleet were aware of this, Leo would likely be taken into custody, subjected to rigorous testing to determine how he was doing it. It had to be a combination of Khan's blood and Leo's Vulcan heritage, as it was certainly not a Vulcan ability to be able to inflict such pain. "Is anyone else aware of this ability?" Spock asked slowly and Leo shook his head. "It is best that it is kept that way. Be careful that you do not hurt someone," he said as a final warning, rising from the table and heading back upstairs to meditate. Leo may just be in a situation way over his head. *~*~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~*~* Jim was certain he was going insane. The time since Spock Prime had boarded the ship felt like it was passing at half usual speed. Jim still had no word on whether he'd be allowed to use the Enterprises' sensor array. In fact, since their conversation in his guest quarters, Spock Prime had avoided him like the plague. He'd been spending more and more time in engineering. He got along well with Trip Tucker the Chief Engineer and… George Kirk. Awkward as it was he'd had to make his peace with it. This wasn't his father. This was an alternative version of his father who'd never met his mother, or at least not yet. In this particular parallel universe, as far as he could tell, Jim Kirk didn't exist yet. He wasn't much of an engineer himself, but he made himself useful tinkering with things where he could and where he was allowed. It kept his mind occupied from thinking too much about home. By the way the times seemed to be working, he had to have been 'dead' for nearly two years by now. It didn't do him any favours to wonder if Chris had gone completely off the rails, or if Leo and Seren still missed him, or if Spock had found a new partner… He couldn't let himself think of it, it was too hard. "I'll see you guys tomorrow," Jim said, setting down the greasy rag he'd been using to help clean some spare parts for a shuttle engine and getting up to take his leave. "You done?" Tucker asked and Jim shook his head. "Did about two-thirds of it," he shrugged. "Well, is that a finished job?" Tucker asked mock-indignantly. "Get one of your ensigns on it, I'm not a Starfleet employee, remember?" Jim pointed out with a laugh at Tucker's smirk as he left the room. George hadn't been on shift that day, Jim wondered where he was. He didn't have to wonder for long as he rounded a corner and almost crashed right into him. "Hey Jimmy, I was lookin' for you," he said enthusiastically. "You… you were?" Jim asked and George nodded. "You got a sec, I was wondering if you'd come take a look at something?" he asked and Jim nodded, having no reason to refuse. He followed the man through the corridors and to an area he recognised as being crew quarters, pausing in front of a door that he keyed in the code to. His own quarters, Jim assumed. It wasn't until they entered the small room that Jim realised they were not alone. "Ambassador-"Jim began as he noticed Spock Prime perched neatly on a chair to one side of the room. He held up his hand to silence him. "I have informed Lieutenant Kirk of our situation Jim, all of it. He will assist us in our use of the sensor array. I apologise it has taken this long however-" "Don't worry. I don't care why, it doesn't matter. So when do we start?" Jim asked and George smiled from where he was leaning against the wall near to the now closed door. "I knew. Jim I knew from the second I saw you that something was up. Kinda weird having a son aboard, especially one that's older than me," George said and Jim looked at him carefully. "George I'm sorry, I didn't mean for it to appear that I was just using you for your help, I honestly just wanted to get to know you and I… I've really enjoyed your company. Even though you aren't my father I feel like there has to be… similarities, right? I just… I'm sorry. It was my only chance," Jim blurted out quickly. "Jim I'm not mad. Course I'm not. If I were in your shoes I'd have done the exact same thing. The important thing now is that we get you home to your family, right?" George said quickly. Jim nodded, not really wanting to say anything else. "Jim, Lieutenant Kirk and I have been able to secure use of the sensor array for a period of sixty minutes per day. I am aware this is not a lot of time, but it was the best we could achieve. I am grateful that Captain Archer has also provided us assistance by way of a crew member, it would have been very time consuming to search alone. You will, as we suspected, not be permitted to take part in the search-" Jim opened his mouth to speak and Spock Prime raised a hand to silence him again and then continued. "My ship will be prepared for you to take. I will give you a signal, you will know it when you receive it, and you will then commandeer this ship from the shuttle bay." Jim snorted. "Commandeer? Like steal? You think Enterprise will let me get away in a stolen ship?" Jim asked. "We can buy you time, enough time to get away far enough, create a singularity in the right location, and get through," George said. "Won't you be risking your career? If Archer finds out about this…" "I feel like maybe there's a lady in Iowa I should go home and look for," George said with a small smile. Jim looked between the two men. "One hour a day is all you can search for? How long might this take?" Spock looked thoughtful for a moment before he spoke again. "As I cannot provide you with a definitive answer, I will provide you with the only one I can. It will take, as you would say, 'as long as it takes'." ~*~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Helllloooo! I've decided to start taking my long rambling author's notes at the end of chapters rather than the start, don't want to put you guys off before I even begin! I'm also going to try something new starting with this chapter and ask a question every time that if you wish you can answer in the reviews section. This is because I love to see what you guys are all thinking, and your reviews are so very valuable to me. This chapter is dedicated to Lawlady562 for just being awesome. Always leaving lovely long reviews that I can take a lot away from, and just having followed the story from the outset. So, thank you! :) Question for this chapter is... What does everything think is happening with Leo? Until next time, and if you do feel inclined to leave a review, all are very much appreciated :)
Chapter Twenty-Seven Chris did his best not to bite his bottom lip. He'd been doing it a lot lately, a kind of nervous twitch he had developed. Jim used to do it when he was concentrating and he wondered if maybe that was where it had come from. The studio lights were bright, maybe a little too bright – catching him just in the corner of the eye where it was the prime location to bring on a nasty headache. The audience were talking mainly amongst themselves, nobody really giving him any attention just yet. They weren't important. It was the general public who were. It was Starfleet who were. He and David had almost been caught far too many times, and there was too much heat on them. They'd formed a plan, a drastic one, but one they deemed necessary in order to help David progress at Starfleet. There was a graduate training mission. Three months on a ship as apart of a small crew of eight. David was determined to get on that ship and needed to dispel the rumours regarding his sexuality first. After hiding from the public eye since his injury and Jim's death, Chris had thrown himself back out into the limelight. He'd done a magazine cover shoot. Shirtless. Bearing his scars for the world to see – and he wouldn't have been able to do it at all without David's help, his support and encouragement. He'd gone public about his drinking, his attempt to take his own life, the pain medication… all of it. He'd really opened up about his private life in a way that he never really had with the media and then at the opportune moment slipped in a comment that couldn't be ignored. A thank you to the special lady in his life that had made it all possible. The lady who'd been there through it all, had kept him sane, kept him together, fixed him after he'd been so broken. Emily McCoy. They didn't need to know it was a fiction, and that really he was talking about her brother. When he'd been invited to do the talk show he'd jumped at the chance to sit there on national television and profess his love for Emily. There were enough pictures of them together over the years for it to be convincing that their friendship had become something more. When he and David had asked her she'd been hesitant at first but had eventually agreed with the idea. If people asked her about it she would stick to her resolute silence about her private life and that wouldn't make anyone suspicious as her behaviour wouldn't have changed. One of the cameramen gave Chris a signal and he sat up a little straighter, watching the count down to the lead-in music as the host joined him on the too-small couch. She was an overly smiley woman with an odd face. Chris wasn't certain if she was a mixed human-alien breed or had just had too many surgeries. What he did know was that he was on live television to save his bondmates career, so he needed to focus. He ignored most of her boring intro to the show, smiling along politely and only really starting to pay attention when she turned to him. "-Ladies and Gentlemen tonight I'm very excited, as I'm sure many of you ladies watching at home will be, that we have Chris Kirk joining us here this evening. Chris, how are you doing?" she asked and he smiled, accepting her handshake and flinching slightly as all of her over-excitement and a hint of curiosity flooded across through the contact. "Mindy – it's a pleasure to be here, thank you for having me on such short notice," he said, careful to sound casual, relaxed, easy-going. He needed this to be just perfect for it to be realistic. "Thank you for coming on such short notice. Long trip all the way across the continent just for little ol' me," she grinned, too-white teeth glinting garishly under the false light. "It's no trouble," Chris smiled. It really hadn't been. He'd just beamed across. He'd beam back too… no travel time, no trouble. "Now Chris, it's been a few years since you've been out here in the public eye. You've taken a long break after working so hard to get to where you were – why is that?" she asked. Because I got blown half to hell you ignorant bitch he thought to himself, making sure to plaster a fresh smile on his face. "Well Mindy… I got into a little accident-" "Not so little accident," she cut him off, putting a hand on his knee as she said it. He felt queasy as her emotions attacked at him again and rallied his shields. Even through the thick denim of his jeans her nosiness in his life was enough to bother him. "Maybe not so little. Uh. Well. Basically… I mean I'm sure everybody knows what happened, you don't need me to-" "Oh sure we do! A story right from the hero's mouth is going to be the truest version, right?" she asked and he widened his smile forcibly. He really hoped it wasn't obvious just how much he was beginning to detest this woman. "I – as you know, am a member of Starfleet Academy – I was injured during a mission. There was an explosion in an airlock and I was burned," he said as shortly as he could and she shook her head. "Not mentioning the fact you pushed two people aside from the explosion," she pointed out. Two? Where is she getting two from? "I uh… yeah. A fellow cadet was in the airlock with me, we had been trying to open it manually when the explosion happened. I realised with a seconds notice and I pushed her out of the way," he admitted and the host rallied the crowd into cheers which just made him more uncomfortable. He was certain he was blushing, his face felt so hot. "What a true gentleman, and a good Captain, right? To put your crew first?" she prompted and he shook his head. "No maa'm I don't want to be a Captain," he said quickly and she frowned. "Oh, of course you do! With a father like yours, who wouldn't want to follow in his footsteps?" she said and he clenched the hand out of sight of the camera' into a tight fist. Jim wasn't allowed to come up. He was off the table. That had been agreed ahead of time. "Well those are some pretty big shoes to fill Mindy, I'm not sure I'm the guy to do it. Anyway, so, after my accident I decided I needed to take some time to just focus on-" "But then you ran into some trouble right? Your injuries were pretty severe?" she interrupted again and he bit the inside of his cheek briefly before taking a deep breath. "I'd certainly be dead if it wasn't for the skill of the crew on the ship that day, I owe them my life," he said sincerely. I owe Bones my life. "How exactly were you injured?" she pushed further and he shifted nervously in his seat. I just told you I got burned in an explosion you fucking moron. "Well, as I said, there was a significant explosion. I was less than a foot away from the centre of the blast. I got a pretty sweet chest piercing by some shrapnel, and third degree burns to about thirty percent of my body. My chest and upper left arm were the worst, but the shrapnel is what would have killed me. Shredded my ribcage, and had my heart been in the normal placement for a human I wouldn't be sitting here today," he said seriously and she grinned. "Where is it?" she asked. "Uh… where's what?" he asked with a small smile. "Your heart?" "Oh. It's right here," he said, sitting up a little straighter and placing one hand very low on his ribcage to the left side. To his amusement she placed her hand right above his and let out a shrill giggle. "Oh it is! It's moving," she said and he laughed falsely. "I would hope so." Several thoughtless questions later (and just how much were you drinking in a day? When did it get so bad you wanted to end it all?) Mindy landed on a question Chris couldn't ignore and he politely rose to her taunting. "Was it your father you were thinking about? When you thought you were in your final moments? Were you thinking about seeing him again?" she asked and Chris looked at the floor momentarily before looking back up. "I'd rather move on, thanks," he said coolly and she nodded, suddenly looking very sombre and reaching one hand out to touch his forearm. "Of course. And who was it that saved you?" she asked and he sighed, just loudly enough so she could hear. "It was my brother and my roommate – they found me and got me help," he answered honestly and she nodded. "Heartbreaking stuff. I can see why you took such a long break from life in the media spotlight. We're going to take a quick break now but when we come back we'll be talking about that long road to recovery, and a special lady you've been keeping under wraps who helped you get to where you are today. Stay tuned," she winked to the camera before they cut to commercial and she turned and glared at him the second the camera was off. "Don't dodge my questions," she said harshly and he raised an eyebrow. "We agreed that Jim wouldn't come into this," he argued. "Not on a personal level, but if it's to do with your story here, nothing is off the table," she spat and he frowned for a second before plastering his fake smile back on. "I'm sorry, I must have misunderstood. Let's move on," he said, leaning forwards and picking up his glass of water from the table, taking a sip and setting it back down. She asked him a few more quick questions and a lady bustled over to put more powder on his face before they were counted back in and the ordeal continued. "Now Chris. Tell us about her, tell us about the lady we're all so envious of?" she prompted and he put on his best 'cat that got the cream' grin. "Well… I mean, what can I say, right? She's just incredible. She's so patient with me and just…" Chris sighed affectionately. "I love her. So much it kind of hurts a little bit," he grinned and Mindy smiled right back, leading the audience in a joint 'aww' that made Chris was to curl up in a ball and die of embarrassment. "So who is she? There's rumours, but I want everyone to hear you say it. Tell us the name of the lady you love so," she prompted and Chris grinned. "Emily Rose McCoy," he announced and the studio audience went wild. After they settled down the grilling began. "Isn't it tough with her being away on tour so much?" she asked and Chris nodded. "It is. We miss each other terribly. It's just important to make time when we can. I mean we talk all the time, but actually seeing each other can be more of a challenge," he said and Mindy nodded. "You ever surprise her on tour?" she asked and Chris dug deep with his next comment. God damn it David this had better convince people because I'm not embarrassing myself like this ever again. "I've been known to show up once in a while with a bottle of wine and a hotel room key," Chris shrugged and Mindy giggled. "You can drink now? Socially?" she asked and Chris hesitated before nodding. "I feel in control enough to have one or two around the right people. Just a glass of wine with dinner, no more than that," he lied and she nodded. "So is there a proposal on the cards?" she asked and Chris smirked. He'd been expecting this question. "Never say never," he shrugged with a cocky smirk and there was yet more cheering from the audience. "What about a glass of champagne huh?" she asked and a minion appeared carrying a tray with three glasses of sparkling pink champagne. Chris shifted in his seat. "Why are there three? You're wondering, right?" she asked and he nodded. "Well Chris when was the last time you saw Emily?" she asked and Chris pretended to think hard for a moment whilst he quickly concocted a lie based on what he knew of Emily's travels. "Uh… around three weeks ago I went to Barcelona to see her after the European leg of the tour finished," he said convincingly. "I may have a surprise for you," she beamed, Emily appearing behind her and walking onto the set to a huge round of applause. She looked amazing, but then she always did. This time her hair was shorter, cut jaggedly and framing her face. The wild colours were gone though. Last time Chris had seen her in reality around six months ago she'd had turquoise hair. He hadn't been planning for this, but went with it anyway, bounding out of his seat and over to her, grabbing her in the biggest hug and lifting her up and spinning her around. "Put me down asshole," she muttered in his ear. "I'm going to, and then I'm going to kiss you so just go with it," he muttered back, setting her on her feet and smashing their lips together messily, making sure to place his hands on either side of her face so it had the maximum effect of looking like he was really into it. He let her go after a long few seconds, zoning back into the room and becoming aware of everyone cheering and clapping from the audience behind him. Emily didn't give away her true feelings at all and continued to look at Chris as though she might actually be his girlfriend, accepting his hand as he led her over to the couch. Emily took the glasses of champagne offered and handed one to Chris who just held it but didn't bring it to his lips. "Quite a surprise, huh?" Mindy pressed for a reaction and Chris and Emily looked at each other, both forcing a grin and nodding. "So Emily, how's life on the road?" she asked. "It's been pretty great, tiring, y'know? But good," she said. She sounded hoarse, like she was sick. "Your band isn't touring any more this year, that correct?" she asked and Emily shook her head. "We've got two shows left. One here in New York, one over in LA, then break for Christmas and then get back in the studio in the New Year, record a new album and repeat," she said with a smile. Chris took her hand in his own and made sure to set their linked hands where they were clearly visible to the cameras. "So how difficult has it been, Chris' recovery?" Mindy asked and Emily snapped into character perfectly. "It's just been so hard. Some of the dark days really were dark. I'm just so glad we've moved forward in the way we have," she said, giving Chris' hand a convincing squeeze. "When did you guys get together? You seem so good together," Mindy said with another grin that made Chris queasy. This was all just getting way too uncomfortable for him. Emily and Chris looked at each other briefly. "It was actually only around a month before everything happened, but we've been friends our whole lives, grown up together, it was a natural progression," he answered quickly. "You have quite the playboy reputation," she pointed out. "Emily, how did Chris' reputation with women make you feel?" "I wasn't worried. I mean, he can be an asshole, but he knows I'd kill him if he put a toe out of line," she said with a convincing smirk. Chris smirked back. He knew just how feisty Emily could be, and had they been a couple for real she probably would be the boss of him he'd be so scared to cross her. "So early into your relationship and some terrible things happened, how have you got past that?" she asked and Emily looked at Chris seriously before looking back to Mindy. "True love can overcome anything," she answered simply, to another 'aww' from the audience. Chris took his chance and leant in to place a small kiss on the side of her head, wrapping his arm around her shoulder. She leant back against his chest, like it was where she belonged. "You guys really are just… adorable. What's next for you two? Any plans for little pointy-eared miniatures running around?" Chris snorted and Emily giggled. "No. We haven't really talked about it," she answered quickly. "Would you rule it out?" Mindy pressed and Chris took a sip of his drink. "I'd love to have kids someday. I feel like it's… I don't know, something I couldn't live without, when the time is right," Chris answered and Emily just nodded along. "That's adorable. Chris I'm so glad to see you looking so happy here, especially after just how bad things got for you. It looks like you've got just the right person here to keep you together and you seem so good to her. Is he good to you, Emily?" she asked and Emily nodded eagerly. "He really is. He's a true gentleman." "What about in the bedroom? He live up to all of the gossip?" Mindy asked and Chris almost choked on the sip he was taking of his drink. "I couldn't possibly comment," Emily said with a sly smirk. Chris was looking at the floor now, willing himself not to blush. "Oh look, he's blushing! Isn't that the sweetest thing!" she trilled, making Chris flinch and take a large sip from his glass, now almost empty. Emily shot him a glance that he interpreted as 'slow the hell down' so he leant forwards and set the glass on the table, out of his reach. "So, Chris, you're back in the public eye, back modelling by the looks of your shoot. What's next for you? More modelling? Acting? Publicity work?" she asked and Chris cleared his throat. "Well, I'm studying. I've got one year left at the academy before I might be able to get out on a ship, so until then I'd like to get back to what I was doing. Maybe I could try acting, I probably wouldn't be bad at it. Have a bit of fun, right? I mean I can't get the kind of work I used to with the way I look now, but that's fine, I mean… it's more this side of it that I enjoy, interacting with people," he lied convincingly. "Does it get you down? How you look? I mean you have a twin, right? And he looks how you did before your accident?" she asked and Chris tensed up as anger rose. He forced it down and answered calmly. "My twin is flawless, and kind of an asshole about it," he said and she laughed. "But does it depress you?" she pressed again. "I love Chris just the way he is. To me he's perfect," Emily butted in, throwing an arm around his neck possessively. Thanks for saving me from admitting I hate the way I look. It's like looking at a fucking monster in the mirror… "That's so sweet. Well, you crazy kids had better get on your way. You're sure to be the next A-list super couple, so I'm sure I'll be seeing you soon enough! Thanks again for stopping in," she beamed. Emily leant in to shake her hand first and bid their host goodbye, Chris following suit. Getting up from the couch and walking off was the single biggest relief of his life. He and Emily practically ran out of the studio building, still hand in hand just to keep up the act. Once they were a few blocks away Chris commed his twin. "Get us the hell out of here," he hissed. When you get back I'm going to be presenting you with your academy awards for best actor and actress because Jesus that was convincing. "Shut up and beam us home," he spat, not in the mood for discussion or jokes. The small glass of champagne felt like acid in his body. He wanted it gone. He'd lied; he wasn't ready to enjoy a social drink at all. White lights began to flicker around them and the next thing he knew was the inside of Bones and Carol's living room, and then a strong pair of arms around him as David launched himself across the room and grabbed him in a hug so tight he could barely catch his breath. "That was amazing," he mumbled against his shoulder. "Thank you. I can't take all the credit though," Chris said, peeling himself away from David to pull Emily into a grateful hug. "Thank you," he said sincerely and she wriggled away. "Yeah yeah, get off me, I've already just had way too much physical contact with you for today," she said, brushing herself off as he let her go. "Oh you totally wanted me to kiss you," he protested. "Definitely not," she argued. "Hey Emily, want to know where Chris' mouth has been?" David asked and Emily pretended to retch. "Children," Carol interrupted sternly and David laughed at the disgusted look on his sister's face. "You did good. That was damn convincing," Bones said from where he was sunk into the couch. "You think?" Chris asked nervously. "Well. It would have convinced me if I didn't know otherwise," Bones said and Chris nodded before excusing himself from the room. He still felt sick from having had that drink and headed upstairs for the bathroom, sticking his fingers down his throat to force himself to vomit, getting the offending alcohol out of his system. The door knocked and he sighed, washing his mouth out quickly with water before opening it to find David standing there looking worried. "The champagne?" he asked and Chris nodded. "I wasn't expecting it. I couldn't say no and admit it still has a hold on me," he said and David gave him a sad smile. "It didn't show, don't worry," he said. He hovered by the door, wringing his hands together nervously and looking at his feet. "Something wrong?" Chris asked as he snatched up a bottle of mouthwash and helped himself to a capful. David shook his head before hesitating. "Come to my room a minute?" he asked and Chris nodded and spat out his mouthwash before following along the hallway and into the messy bedroom. "Sit," David instructed, motioning to the bed and Chris sat down. "You're kind of scaring me," he said warily as David exhaled heavily, starting to pace in front of him. "I got into the final selection stage. There's a fifty percent chance that I'll be going on this mission. If I go, it'll happen fast. We may not get to say goodbye even. They want us all ready at twenty four hours notice, and we can't do anything suspicious," he said. Chris forced himself to smile, shielding his true emotions quickly. "When would you leave, if they picked you?" he asked. "Probably Christmas Eve," he admitted and Chris glanced down at the floor. Christmas was always the hardest. New Year just as bad. He couldn't spoil it by telling him, but he'd been secretly planning to propose on New Years Eve, right at midnight. He wanted them to get married in the human way, as well as their bond. "That's ok," he said, forcing himself to smile again and David stopped pacing and looked at him carefully, shaking his head. "It isn't. I know how much you hate… Christmas… and I just. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry the timings are so-" "Hey. You didn't set the schedule on this, ok? You don't need to apologise for anything," Chris said, leaning forwards and grabbing his bondmates hand, pulling him over to sit beside him on the bed. "I want you to have an amazing career. I want you to make Captain. If you go out as Acting Captain for this mission? You'd be setting yourself up so well. Who was the other command track that made it to this stage?" he asked and David rolled his eyes. "It was Evans." Chris snorted. "That weedy guy? He'd got about as much authority about him as a damp sock! He's never going to be Captain," Chris dismissed and David nudged his shoulder. "He's technically a better student. Didn't change track halfway through, didn't fail any tests, didn't miss loads of classes or get a DUI under his belt…" he said, running a hand through his hair. Chris took both his hands to stop him fidgeting and turned to look at his face. "It's only three months away from home. Compared to the missions we'd both be going on? It's nothing. Three months is nothing. It'll fly by so fast you'll barely even notice I'm not there with you," he said with what he hoped was a convincing smile. "But… what about when I get back? I mean, there's something I've been meaning to ask you…" he trailed off and Chris raised an eyebrow. "What's that?" "I… I don't know. This thing with Emily and you? Lying? I don't know. I know that I was all up for it before but I've been doing a lot of thinking and-" "Don't say after what I just went through that you aren't comfortable with it-" "No! No, not at all. I couldn't be more grateful for what you did because it was amazing, and I'm sure everyone will buy it. But I just… do you think maybe… we could move in together? Get a place of our own, when I get back maybe?" David asked cautiously. Chris hesitated, his expression giving nothing away. "If people are already suspicious-" "I know that. But like… what if we were very careful about it? What if we got a bigger place? Lived with Leo too?" "You mean live with him but not live with him?" Chris asked and David smiled. "Well… it'd be nice to have our own space. I mean, I'm old enough now that I don't want to exactly live with my parents, and I'm sure that if I get the chance to go out on this mission, that'll only reinforce how trapped I'm feeling here." Chris didn't know what to say. It wasn't as though he hadn't thought about it himself… how nice it would be to wake up in the same bed every day and not just whenever they decided they could risk it. To have all of their stuff together, not just the odd bits and pieces they had scattered around. "It's a big step," Chris sighed finally. He knew it was what his heart wanted, but as the threat of David going away for a long period of time loomed over him, he'd been finding it increasingly difficult to keep his head in the game. He'd been longing for some painkillers, some real ones, not just the carefully monitored ones he took on a daily basis that barely dulled the permanent pain in his chest. "You don't think we're ready?" "I don't think it's a good idea to talk about it right now," Chris corrected. Just as David opened his mouth to answer, there was a knock at the door. "Come in?" David offered and Leo peeked around the door. "Your Mom says dinner is in ten," he said and David nodded. "Thanks." "No problem," he said, pointedly not looking at Chris who sighed. "Leo, get in here right now and close the door," he ordered. His brother did as he was told, standing in front of where he was still sitting on the edge of the bed and pushing his long hair back off his face. "I didn't mean anything by kissing Emily, you know that it was all part of the act, part of the story, right?" he said and Leo nodded. "I know. I just… it made me pretty angry," he said with a nervous laugh. "I can tell. Just relax, ok? If you guys are speaking again, I'm not trying to muscle in on your girl." "We are… speaking. She's told me she loved me for who I was, not who I became after everything. So… I'm trying to be more like my old self," he said with a sigh. "You've seemed like it. Stopped sleeping around?" he asked and Leo nodded. "Yep. Pretty difficult to stop once you've started…" he said and Chris laughed. "Gotta resort to old faithful," David smirked, raising his right hand and the twins both laughed. "Or meditation. My mind has been all… kinda trippy lately. I've been getting… hot… flashes. I don't know," he said and Chris straightened up. "Pon farr?" he asked and Leo shook his head. "No. No way. It's just like I feel like I have a fever starting but it only lasts a few minutes and then goes away, and nothing ever comes of it," he said and Chris frowned. "Keep an eye on it," he ordered. "Got two. Keeping them both on it," he nodded. Chris shuddered as he thought back to what little he could remember of his own Pon Farr two years ago. "Go flirt with my sister," David prompted and Leo saluted and then left the room. Chris sighed and leant back on the bed. "That how yours started?" David asked and Chris shook his head. "No… mine was like an aching. Like my whole body was aching. That came way before the burning," he said and David frowned. "Maybe my dad should take a look at him?" "You and I both know Leo hasn't had a check up since everything happened. He's not going to let that change." "He's scared the cancer will come back?" "I think so. I think he's trying to just live life to the fullest and not wonder when it might end," Chris said and David nodded, his communicator starting to ring in his pocket. He scrambled to get it out and opened, face paling slightly as he saw the caller ID. "McCoy here," he answered. "Ensign, report to my office at 0800 in the morning," his instructor ordered. "Yes Sir," he said obediently. The comm. clicked and David sighed, snapping his handset shut. "That guy is always so rude. Would it kill him to ask me how I am? Maybe? Or how my day is going?" he said sarcastically and Chris laughed, reaching up to ruffle David's hair affectionately. "He probably just wants you worried before he calls you in tomorrow to make you acting captain of the training mission," Chris said and David shrugged. "Maybe. Hopefully." "If you go on the mission, when you get back we'll look for a place, deal?" Chris said and David perked up a little. "And if I don't?" "Then you'll have to deal with living with me three months sooner than you thought," Chris smiled. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "Jim." "But I don't want to go to Starfleet! I want to go to normal school and do normal things, I don't want to be a Captain or a pilot… or any of it. Just leave me alone!" Jim sighed as his son stormed out of the kitchen, slamming the door behind him. He had no idea teenagers could be so difficult. The twins were fourteen, and at the earliest age they could be considered to join the accelerated program for junior applicants at the Academy. Chris had made his thoughts on Starfleet perfectly clear. "Hey Jim? Wake up," a low voice disturbed him. "I just wish I'd have been more careful, y'know? I'm sure that it was my fault," Jim said bitterly, staring at the muddy sneakers on his feet as they dangled below him. "It was not your fault," Spock said. He looked so much more graceful sat up where they were, high on a rock overlooking a magnificent stretch of snow-covered forest in Yosemite park. "It must have been my fault. I killed her Spock. It was my job to protect her and-" "Jim you did not kill anyone. Miscarriage of such an early pregnancy is a tragic but relatively common phenomi-" "You can stop being such an asshole about this any time you like," Jim spat, shifting away from his bondmate, looking for a way to climb back down if necessary. "I am not-" "How do you think I feel? Right now? I know you never wanted her. Maybe even never wanted the twins, but-" "I am offended that you suggest I-" "Shut up! Jesus, let me finish here! You show absolutely no interest in any of their lives." Spock was silent for a moment before opening his mouth. He was silent for another few seconds before closing his mouth. "I am… intimidated." Jim snorted. "Intimidated? By a six year old and two five year olds?" Jim asked and Spock inclined his head to agree. "They share with you something I cannot-" "If you're talking about unconditional love then you're wrong. They don't just share that with me, they share that with you too. Look inside your tiny, emotionally stunted heart and you might just find it." "Jim! Get up! It's time to go," the voice roused him again, a firm hand shaking his shoulder now too. Jim jolted awake, looking around wildly. There was nobody in his room. He took a few seconds as panic rose and then his door slid open, revealing sub-commander T'Pol and Lieutenant Reed. "Mr Kirk, I'm afraid you're going to have to come with us," Reed said sternly as Jim sat up, rubbing sleep from his eyes and looking at them blearily. He wasn't dressed, wearing only a pair of pyjama pants and nothing else. He could feel T'Pol's eyes on him, particularly his abdomen where the scar that ran vertically up from his belly button to the bottom of his ribcage seemed to be becoming more obvious by the day. "Huh? Where we going?" he asked sleepily. "We are going to have to escort you to the brig. It has come to our attention that-" "The brig? Why? I've done nothing wrong! I've been here! Asleep!" he protested angrily. "It is not your actions for which you will be detained, but your intended ones," she said firmly and he exhaled slowly. He'd been caught out. Someone had found out about his plan to take Spock Prime's ship and make a break for it. "No! Please, you don't understand-" he began, giving up almost immediately when he realised it was useless. They weren't going to listen. He was allowed to put on a shirt at least and then led to the brig in handcuffs. He didn't fight, and went quietly and calmly, knowing it would only be worse if he didn't. He was relieved that at least Spock Prime was nowhere to be seen, so he hadn't been rumbled too. It took hours before Archer appeared, Trip Tucker with him. They entered the cell where he had been pacing since his arrival and invited him to sit and talk them through what they had discovered. "I've been told by a member of my crew that you intend to steal the Vulcan ambassador's ship and make a break for your home. Is this true?" Archer asked him simply and Jim stared at him for a few moments. "Yes." "I… I'm sorry?" he asked, clearly not expecting Jim to have told the truth. "I have to get home. I… I need a certain weakness in space, I'm going to use the red matter concealed on the ambassadors' ship to open a singularity, throw myself through it, and try to get home to my family," he admitted. "And you were going to steal his ship to do this?" Jim paused. He had to be careful not to reveal too much and put Spock Prime in jeopardy. "I... I was," he said. Archer sighed. He looked at Tucker for a moment before turning back to Jim. "We spoke to the ambassador. He told us his side." Jim was silent. He didn't know if that meant the truth, or the lie concocted that he had been sticking to, or some other story altogether. "Are there any modifications that would need to be made to his ship to give you a better chance of success?" Tucker asked and Jim hesitated before shaking his head. Archer sighed again before clasping his hands together in a way Jim had frequently seen his Archer do when he was trying to make a decision about something. "We're going to let you go home," he said finally. "We'll do whatever we can to help you on your way. Ambassador… Spock tells me he has detected the correct weakness in space-time which you need. We've stopped the ship close enough to it that you can get on your way, set a waypoint on the Vulcan ships computer for where you need to open your portal." Jim was speechless. He flapped his mouth open and closed a few times like a goldfish before finally whispering a stunned thank you. "No problem kid, now let's go, no time like the present!" he said, helping Jim up and releasing him from his handcuffs. "Starfleet don't know about you, by the way, and they won't," he said firmly. Jim nodded, still not quite able to find any words. "What I mean by that is, once you leave us, you're on your own kid," Archer warned and Jim nodded. "Understood," he said, just catching Tucker's eye who looked like he wanted to say something. On the way to the shuttle bay Archer was commed by T'Pol from the bridge, and Tucker took the opportunity to pull Jim back a few paces. "George told me what's going on. Don't know if I believe it, but it the Captain does then… anyway… he asked me to give you this," he said, holding out a single, silver bolt. Jim took it slowly and looked at it. "It's from that panel you were fixing together, the first day you helped us down in engineerin'. He said to keep it as… something to remember him by," he said and Jim nodded, closing his hand around the small item before tucking it in his pocket for safe-keeping. It was almost like his voice didn't work. That his brain couldn't produce words to get them to come out of his mouth, the thought that he could be going home was just too loud in his mind. Spock. I'm coming home. I'm on my way home. Please still be there? They reached the shuttle bay and Archer and Tucker hung back, Jim turning as he sensed this would be goodbye. "There's a uniform for you aboard the ship, couldn't have you going home in your jammies," Tucker pointed out and Jim gave him a small smile, offering his hand. "Thank you," Jim said sincerely as they shook hands. "No problem. God speed." Jim nodded and moved along to Archer. "Like I said, this never happened, we never found you," he said and Jim nodded. "Understood Sir. Thank you for everything. The… uh… ambassador?" he asked and Archer smiled. "We'll take good care of him, don't worry," he smiled and Jim turned to look at the ship just as Spock Prime descended the boarding ramp. With a firm handshake to Archer Jim began to make his way to the ship, unsure of what to say to the figure standing before him. "How will you get back now?" Jim asked and Spock Prime shrugged. "I am not from that time, will it make any difference if I stay in this one instead?" "You… you're staying? You could come with me," Jim offered and the elderly Vulcan shook his head. "That is not my destiny," he said with a small smile and Jim sighed. "You gave me that excuse before. Come on, come with me," he tried to persuade but Spock shook his head. "You must return to your bondmate and children, they need you more than I would like to say. Farewell James, live long and prosper," he said quietly, taking one step closer to Jim and just holding there for a moment. Jim felt awkward as he leant forward and closed his arms around his husbands older counterpart in a grateful embrace. "I'm sorry that you didn't get to grow old with him," he said quietly, letting go of the ambassador who shrugged. "If you do not leave soon, neither will your Spock," he pointed out and Jim nodded. With one final lingering moment of eye contact, he turned and boarded the ship. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* David was surprised to find it wasn't his instructor waiting for him the next morning, but Admiral Mitchell himself instead. "Admiral, Sir," he said, standing immediately to attention. "Cadet McCoy," Mitchell responded, motioning for David to take a seat opposite him which he did. His heart was thudding aggressively against his ribcage, and his reds all of a sudden felt like they were stifling him, the collar too high and the fabric too thick. "Why do you think you can be a Captain?" he asked. David panicked for a moment. He hadn't been expecting this. What even was it? An… interview? "I uh… Uh… feel that I…" "That's precisely why you aren't going out this time," Mitchell said. His face was impassive. He was around the same age as Jim would have been, but looked more the age Jim should have looked. They'd been at the academy together, David knew that much. He also knew they hadn't exactly been the best of friends. David's heart sank and he nodded once in understanding. "I'm sending you to London, because I don't think you're a total lost cause for the command track. You'll study with Starfleet in London for twelve months, after which I will reassess you and decide if you can go out with the next graduate ship." David wanted to protest. He really did. He couldn't be away from Chris for that long, how would he manage without him? But he also wanted to be Captain. He wanted to be Captain so much. "Would you have a problem with relocating to London?" Mitchell asked and David snapped back to his senses. "No sir," he said quickly. "Not leaving any distractions here that might try to pull you back home?" he asked and David did his best to keep any signs he was lying to the admiral in check. "No sir," he answered confidently. "Funny," Mitchell said, pulling a PADD from the top drawer of the desk and handing it across to David who felt sick as he saw the image displayed there. "Sir I- I… that isn't what it looks like," he spluttered, trying to hold back his reaction. "So explain. Tell me exactly what is being shown in this image right here," he said, voice turning icy and harsh at a seconds notice. The Admiral put on a good show around Starfleet but David had heard enough tales to know the truth about Gary Mitchell – he was ruthless and cold. David swallowed the lump in his throat and looked back at the PADD. He couldn't even deny it. It was a still image of himself and Christopher sitting in the front row of a music awards ceremony. Emily's band had been nominated for something they hadn't won, but David, Chris and Leo had attended the ceremony all the same, sitting at a table together later in the evening as Emily drowned her sorrows in the fancy white wine on the table. It had been the first night she'd actually spoken to Leo in years and he'd been a lot more like his old self that night. David had leant in to whisper something to Chris about them… and he'd smelled so good and… he'd kissed him on the cheek. So quick you'd have barely caught it. Apparently not quick enough. "I was talking to Kirk sir, it was very loud, we had to yell in each others ear," David denied, forcing his voice to stay steady. "Doesn't look like yelling to me," Mitchell said sternly, eyes narrowing. "Must have caught me while I was blinking sir. I'm not very photogenic," David shrugged. Mitchell seemed to grow angrier at this and sat up a little straighter, raising himself to his full height in the chair. "I am changing policies around here Cadet. Kirk and Spock were a disgrace to the fleet, and under my command I'll see no more of it … gallivanting around fucking each other like horny rabbits, disgusting!-" "Sir. I'm sorry. May I please be excused?" David interrupted, rising from his chair abruptly. He felt sick. He felt like he was about to puke at any moment. How could he talk about Jim and Spock like that? How could his own career ever recover or even begin if attitudes were changing back to be like this? "I'm not done with you Cadet," Mitchell said as David began to back up towards the door, hands beginning to shake. "Yes sir, but I think I'm done with you for now Admiral. All due respect sir, but Jim Kirk was like a father to me, I won't sit by while you-" David was cut off as Mitchell practically leapt around the desk, crossing the room in three strides and standing in front of him, squaring up to the younger man. "If you ever disrespect me you little faggot, I'll make sure you never see the light of day again, let alone set foot on a starship," he growled and David held his gaze defiantly, the Admirals face mere inches from his own. Without warning Mitchell raised his right hand, sending David stumbling backwards as it collided hard with his face. He went to cry out in shock and was hit again, dropping to his knees and blinking blood out of his eye. "Hmm. Maybe this is why he likes you so much, you look awful pretty down there on your knees," Mitchell smirked, patting David on the top of the head before going around him and exiting the room, leaving David cowering on the floor, head ringing from the force of the two blows to the face and heart pounding in horror. Leo almost couldn't believe his luck when Emily agreed to come over for coffee. He cleaned his apartment from top to bottom, making sure everything was away in it's proper place and then ensuring that every surface was spotless. It had to be perfect for her. The evening had to go perfectly. She'd agreed eight o'clock, but as the door chimed ten minutes early he knew it would be her, she was testing him. He quickly straightened his shirt and messed his hair up a little more before taking a deep breath and heading for the door. "Evening," he grinned as he opened it to reveal her standing there, looking effortlessly beautiful as always. Even in just casual jeans and a jacket she stood out from the crowd. "Hey," she said nervously as he practically bounced on the balls of his feet in excitement. "You… going to invite me inside?" she asked after a few seconds of them awkwardly standing and staring at each other in the doorway. "Of course, sorry," he grinned, stepping aside and letting her pass before closing the door behind her. "David wasn't lying about your colour scheme I see," she commented, kicking off her boots and leaving them in a messy heap by the door near all of his neatly stacked shoes. Leo's apartment was completely black and white. Colour was something which still caused him discomfort if there was too much of it, so he'd decided he didn't want any of it in his living space, aside from a single light blue wall in his bedroom. Something that he allowed himself as the particular colour helped him feel closer to Jim sometimes, not that he'd admit it to anyone. He said it was that colour when he got the place, and he liked it and wanted to leave it. "No I uh… like it this way," he said with a shrug. He scratched the back of his head and looked at his feet. He'd expected the conversation to flow much more easily, but now she was here he could barely think of anything to say. "That cookies I smell?" she asked, sniffing the air and he nodded eagerly. "I've been learning to bake. I figured I'd try some out on you. If you die, never again," he joked and she gave a small giggle. "Hopefully you've improved. I remember when you couldn't even re-heat leftovers without a small explosion," she teased and Leo rose to it. "Oh come on! I absolutely was not that bad," he protested, smiling as her smile grew and the tense atmosphere between them seemed to evaporate a little. "Hmm… you really were," she said and he sighed. "I really was," he admitted. "But hey, last week I made a cake and I didn't die. Chris ate some too and he didn't die, it actually even tasted kind of like cake… so… hopefully I'll be just as lucky second time around," he said, leading the way towards the kitchen. She'd never been to his apartment. In fact it was only in the last three months she'd even started speaking to him again at all. Her latest band had taken a long break, she'd been sick a lot and her voice just wasn't recovering properly, so she'd been around San Francisco more and more as she waited out the recommended resting period so she didn't trash her voice completely. "So, how is dating my brother treating you?" he asked and she rolled her eyes. "You going to give me shit about this too?" "No. Of course not. I think it's very kind of you to help Chris and David like that," he said honestly. "Really?" she asked suspiciously. "Sure," he nodded, leaning to peek into the oven at the cookies which looked almost done. She leant against the counter and sighed. "I didn't feel like I had a choice when they asked me," she admitted and he frowned. "Of course you had a choice, there was always 'Plan B'," he chuckled and she smiled. "You pretending to be a massively promiscuous gay man to take the heat off them would never have worked, it just would have trashed your reputation around Starfleet too," she pointed out and he shrugged. "True. Would have been fun though. We could have gone shopping," he said in the campest voice he could muster, adding a flick of the wrist just for good measure and causing her to laugh out loud. "Way too convincing." "I know, right?" he said in the same voice and she laughed again. He felt hopeful, she seemed friendly. Now he just needed to win her trust. He'd do that by sharing a secret with her… he'd read it in a book about relationships and it seemed straightforward enough. "Too bad I'm anything but a gay man," he sighed and she looked quizzical. "I… well… I got into some bad habits. I don't need to explain, you know all about it," he said casually and she pressed for more. "I know some about it… not nearly all of it. Only what my dad knows," she said, silently begging to hear more. "Well, I've been struggling with self esteem a lot. I thought sleeping around would make it better, but it only makes it worse. I just feel… I don't know. I sleep with all of these women to try and make me feel wanted, and then in the morning I just feel… cheap," he said and she looked sympathetic, pausing before she answered. "You and Chris have some of the worst addictive personalities I've ever seen," she finally settled with. "You saying I'm a sex addict?" he asked and she shook her head. "An attention addict. You both compete, I don't think you realise you're doing it. Your cookies are going to burn," she pointed out and he quickly snatched up his oven mitts and retrieved the cookies. "I don't know. I think I'm just… lonely," he said sadly and she snorted. "This is your best? This right now? Come on Leo, I'm not an idiot. Don't play me with this whole 'win my trust by opening up to me' bullshit. This sounds like something my brother would tell you to do," she said and he inwardly kicked himself, doing his best to recover quickly. "No. No it isn't like that at all. I genuinely… I have no self respect," he said, realising only once the words had left his mouth that he actually believed them. "I was the best version of myself when I was with you. It may have been short, but what we had was so good Emily. I just… you were like an anchor. I feel like I'm drifting without you," he said, not really knowing where the sudden rush of emotion he was feeling was coming from. "Are you okay?" she asked softly. He turned to face away from her, sighing deeply. "I don't know. I… I hate this time of year," he said quietly. The second anniversary of Jim's death was looming, and Christmas was a miserable time for the twins. Seren had seemed to move past it, refusing to let it affect her, but Chris and Leo still obviously bore scars of their pain particularly around the winter time. Emily was conflicted. Leo seemed to genuinely be trying to reach out to her, but she'd heard enough of his behaviour since Jim's death that she didn't know what to believe. She'd heard that he'd become incredibly manipulative, using people to get what he wanted, she didn't want to be a part of that, a victim of that. "Cookies are best when they're still hot from the oven," she pointed out and he nodded, picking one up and biting off a chunk, chewing nervously and swallowing. "Do you feel like death is imminent?" she asked and he shook his head. "Good," she said, picking up a cookie for herself and bringing it to her lips. Just as she took a bite, the door chime rang. Leo frowned and glanced at the time before leaving the room to go answer it. Emily rushed into the living area and towards the door as soon as she heard the racket that started as soon as the door had been opened. "-didn't even –hic- say it to my face. After everything he didn't even –hic- have the guts," Chris was slurring, barely able to stand by the looks of it. Leo looked devastated. "Chris you're drunk," he said sadly and Chris shook his head. "Nope. No m'not," he slurred as Leo helped steer him onto the couch. "Jeez, you smell you drank a whole bar dry," Emily frowned as she approached the twins. Chris now slumped pathetically on the couch and Leo kneeling on the floor in front of him, trying to get his brother to talk sense. "Ok, what you were saying by the door? Can you say it again?" Leo asked carefully. "David's gone!" Chris cried out. "What?" Emily asked. "He didn't even g-get the mission. Jus' gone! To London for more t… school. More school. He tol' me he doesn't want t'see me," Chris said pathetically. He looked like he'd been crying and was trying hard not to do so again. Leo turned to Emily, the concern and disappointment evident on his face. "Could you get me a glass of water for him? Please?" he asked and she nodded, turning and heading back to the kitchen. "And now I ruined it. So long sober and I ruined it," he said sadly and much more clearly. "Everyone slips sometimes, it's ok, that's why we're here to help you get back up again," Leo said quietly. "So he just commed you? Didn't come and see you or anything?" Leo asked and Chris shook his head. "Just a call. Said he's gone, don't find him, leave him alone for a while. He'll call me when he's ready to, don't call him," Chris said and Leo frowned. That didn't sound like David at all. He'd been really good to Chris, helping him keep his head straight, helping him keep focused on both his sobriety and the academy. He wouldn't abandon him like this, would he? Emily returned with a glass of water which Leo took and handed to Chris, encouraging him to drink all of it before turning back to Emily. "Maybe you'd be better to go home. He's going to need me watching him, god knows how much he's had," he sighed and Emily shook her head. "I'll stay and help. Then I'll track David down and kick his ass," she said, sitting next to Chris on the couch, close enough to be comforting. "So that was all he said? He's going to study in London? Not to go find him?" Leo asked and Chris nodded, sighing and pushing his hair back off his forehead. Leo noticed he was sweating quite a lot. "You… too hot?" he asked and Chris shook his head. "How could he do this t'me?" he asked pathetically and Emily leant a little closer, resting her head on his shoulder and her hand on his forearm. "Because my brother is the definition of 'selfish moron?'" she suggested and Chris shook his head before coughing harshly, enough that Emily sprang back and watched him with concern. "How long have you had a cough?" Leo asked as Chris finally stopped and settled back against the couch, grimacing. "Week? Dno. It's cold. I'm sleepy," he slurred, eyes slipping closed as he fumbled to bring his knees up to his chest and curl into a ball. Leo let his brother fall asleep on the couch, then covered him over with a blanket. He fetched him another glass of water for when he woke up and then beckoned Emily into the next room so they wouldn't wake him up talking. "How dare he?" Emily hissed the second the door was closed. Leo's hands balled into fists. Over a year Chris had been sober. Thrown away because of David. "I don't know, but he'd better hope we don't run into each other anytime soon," Leo growled, starting to pace the room. "He'd better have a damn good reason for this," Emily muttered. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "I think that should hold for now… you should really go see-" "I'm not going to. I'm going to just leave now," David sighed, lightly touching his face and wincing. At least the nasty cut above his eye had stopped bleeding now that Joanna had patched it up clumsily, but it was swelling up and throbbing painfully. "You sure that just telling Chris like that was a good idea?" she asked uncertainly. "He'll be fine," David said firmly. He didn't know who he was trying to convince, his sister or himself. "I've been here ages, I've gotta go," he said, getting up off the couch and snatching up his backpack. "And you still didn't tell me who hit you…" Joanna hinted and he sighed, looking down at the floor for a moment. "And you wouldn't believe me if I did," he said and she shrugged. "Try me." He paused for a moment before answering. "It was Mitchell. He knows the truth about me and Chris. That's why he's sending me to London and not letting me go on that mission, because he's punishing me. He told me he hates same-sex couples, and that Jim and Spock were a disgrace, and that he's going to make it impossible for anyone in a same-sex couple to succeed at Starfleet," he said and she nodded. "The only part about that that shocks me is that he actually hit you," she said with a small smile and David frowned. "What do you mean?" he asked and Joanna looked confused. "I thought… everybody knew?" she said and he shook his head, regretting it as it caused a painful rush of blood to his swollen eye. "Uh… apparently not me?" he said and she smiled again. "Mitchell and Jim? They had a uh… thing back at the academy," she said and his jaw dropped. "No fucking way." "Yes way." "Are you serious? Who told you this?" he asked and Joanna shrugged. "Heard it from the man himself. It was when he helped me paint my kitchen right after I got this place. We finished painting, then finished a couple of bottles of Romulan Ale, you know how much of a lightweight he was… and then yep. Right there, he sat on the floor by the counter and just blurted it out, said Mitchell had been gunning for a promotion and that he'd be trying to rock the boat with regards to these kind of regulations if he got the job, so Jim was fighting to keep him down. Course now that Jim's gone… nobody stopping him from getting the job or rocking the boat, so both things have happened," she said and David just stared at her for a moment. "Jim… and Mitchell? Jesus! This is… huge! Do you know any more? Or just that they had a thing?" he asked and she frowned. "I didn't ask. I know it was all a secret and not something that lasted long either. I think Jim, Spock and Mitchell are the only people who know about it at all, well, and me and maybe Dad, don't know if Jim ever told him," she said and David nodded. Something clicked into place in his mind. "Mitchell has been bullying Spock. Gave him this tiny little new office, took his old one away. Been giving him a hard time in general from what I understand." "Doesn't shock me. If he gets any inclination that Dad knows, he'll probably do the same to him," she said and David nodded. This information was huge. Not only was Mitchell a horrible person, he was a filthy hypocrite. David just needed to figure out what to do with this information to get Mitchell back and hit him where it would hurt most. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "When?" Seren asked of the nurse. "About an hour ago, they're doing great," she smiled, beckoning towards a room at the end of the hallway. "No complications at all?" she asked, eyes scanning over the PADD in front of her. "None. I think you're onto something here, something really big," she said. Seren nodded, fighting to keep the grin off her face. She couldn't let herself believe until she saw with her own eyes that it had worked. What she'd been working on since Jim died, her research project so secret she'd not told another soul about it. Male pregnancy. She approached the door and knocked, wanting to give the new family some privacy. "Come in!" offered a jubilant voice from inside. The door slid out of the way, and she stepped into the small room, allowing the door to close behind her, letting her eyes take in the two beaming men before her, and the tiny bundle of pale yellow blankets. Artie and Kalem had been her volunteers for human trials. They'd been married eight years, lived a happy life together, but longed for a baby that was biologically theirs before they would look into adoption. Using what she knew of cloning techniques and augment biology, Seren had established that Artie was the better candidate to carry the child. She's taken genetic material from both parents, creating a random mixture as would be expected in a naturally conceived child and leaving the choice of embryo up to the parents. The uterus had been created through cloned muscle tissue, engineered to behave just as a normal uterus would, with the exception of actually conceiving the child. That had to be done through IVF, then implanted into the womb through keyhole surgery through the abdominal wall. The single embryo implanted had taken on the first attempt, and after a fairly uneventful pregnancy, their baby girl had decided she wanted out two weeks ahead of schedule and her father had been rushed in for an emergency C-section. "She's so perfect, we can't thank you enough," Kalem said softly, crossing the room and closing his arms around her in a grateful hug. "I'm so glad she's everything you wanted," she said, hugging him back briefly before stepping back and eyeing the man in the bed. "Artie? How are you doing?" she asked of the man staring up at her with tears in his eyes. "I'm on top of the world," he said sleepily. "Feeling good?" she asked and he nodded, one finger offered to the baby girl in his arms who took it in her tiny fist. Seren eyed the information on the bio-bed readout. "Vitals all looking excellent. I imagine you guys will be out of here by this time tomorrow provided everything continues progressing well. Little girl have a name yet?" she asked and Kalem nodded. "Isabelle," he said quietly and Seren smiled. "Great choice, it's pretty." She looked at the charts on baby Isabelle. She was perfectly healthy, weighing in at just over eight pounds with a full head of dark curly hair, her skin lightly tanned and a perfect blend of her parents. Seren looked at the little family and couldn't quite believe what she'd accomplished. She had changed the course of medical science. If she could get funding to conduct further study, or even to open a clinic, this could change everything. "I can't thank you guys enough for being a part of this. For taking a chance with the procedure, and for trusting me," she said, feeling strangely emotional all of a sudden. She'd done this for Jim, deep down she knew that. It was all she'd worked towards since he'd died, knowing this was something that would have made him immeasurably proud. After a few more quick checks and more thanks and hugs, she left, returning to the locker room to retrieve her communicator, knowing she had one person in particular that she had to tell about her breakthrough and that her very long experiment had been successful. "Doctor McCoy, how are you?" "I'm ok kid, what's up?" She hesitated for a moment, allowing herself to finally, properly grin. "I uh… I have some news you might be interested in. Medical news." "You found Chris' brain in there somewhere?" he asked and she chuckled. "Now that would be a great medical breakthrough," she agreed. Mentally she noted that she should call her brothers, she hadn't seen them in a few weeks with everything going on with monitoring the final stages of her experiment. "No. It isn't that. I uh… well, I successfully created a uterus, a zygote from male donor cells, and a healthy, eight pound baby girl was born just under two hours ago. Baby and dad doing perfectly," she said, holding her breath for how he would react. He was silent for a moment before sighing. "Well damn kid, you beat me to it! Congratulations on getting your name into the history books. Jim would be damn proud of you!" She choked up, tears filling her eyes quickly. She glanced around the empty locker room just to check she was still alone. She answered a few questions then agreed to meet the doctor with all of her research for him to read through in the next few days before hastily hanging up, dialling someone else immediately afterwards. Someone that she really needed to talk to when her emotions would get the better of her like this and all of her Vulcan control seemed to just vanish without a trace. *~.*~.*~.*~.*~. A/N To anybody still reading this - thank you. Thank you for your patience and for not giving up on me. Thank you to everyone who has reviewed and spurred me on to not give up. I feel that I owe you guys an explanation for why I've taken quite so long to update this time. I mentioned before that I was sick a while back - unfortunately there's been a lasting complication of that - something pretty nasty called CFS or Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. Basically, I get up, I go to work (where I fall asleep at my desk if I'm not having a good day) then I get home and crawl into bed immediately, sleep more, and repeat. I am physically incapable of life right now. It's hilarious. I literally feel as though somebody has taken a giant syringe, stuck it in my arm and sucked all of the life out of me. The only way I can view this is funny, because if I actually sit and think about how this may affect me for the rest of my life, I just can't. However, after several months of this being very very bad, I'm slowly starting to come through it. It will never fully go away, and it can flare back up again, but I'm now awake enough to write in scraps here and there. Another side effect of CFS is that I don't notice when I say things or write things that don't make sense. My brain is kinda... foggy. But I'm getting there. Slowly slowly getting a bit better day by day and soon this hell will hopefully end. ANYWAY. Wow. What a massive downer huh? Haha! Enjoy life to the full folks, you never know when it's going to suddenly start sucking very badly for an indeterminate amount of time. Anyway, I'll stop waffling about my personal bullshit now. The story will be finished, I swear. I've already got some of the next part written and then we're quickly closing in on the ending. Your reviews would mean the world to me at this point. Anything, any thoughts you have, any questions you have, throw them at me, I love them all. (Also, I made a fairly enormous continuity error which I'm pretty embarrassed about - who can spot it? XD ) Once again, thank you for waiting, for nagging, for not giving up on me. I won't give up on you! Until next time, my friends.
Chapter Twenty-Eight Chris cleared his throat and stood up, feeling all the eyes of the people in the room turn to him. "My name's Christopher, and I'm an addict," he mumbled. "Hi Christopher," mumbled back the circle of disinterested looking individuals. They all wanted to be there about as much as he did. "I uh… I've been coming here for over a year now, and I've never shared before so…" he trailed off, looking down at his feet and shifting awkwardly. "I guess I wanted to share that I've recently had something of a slip up. The person who was helping me stay clean moved away suddenly and I couldn't handle it… I… freaked out, got wasted yesterday. I'm so… I don't know. Disappointed? Ashamed? I don't know, all of the above, I guess." He paused. Nobody was listening. Somehow that made it easier to talk. "It's been two years now since I lost my dad and I just… it doesn't get any easier. In fact if anything I feel more lost than ever. I felt so sure that I was doing the right thing and now I don't know that I am anymore," he said vaguely. He had to be careful about going into any detail; he didn't know for certain that nobody recognised him. He weakly trailed off before sitting back down and sliding down into his seat, wishing the ground would just swallow him up and he could disappear. He'd obviously scared Leo as when he'd woken up his twin was sitting watching him intently with a fresh glass of water for him placed carefully on the coffee table. His hangover hadn't been too bad, and that made him feel worse. He should be suffering. He should be miserable. But he wasn't. Not in the way that he should be. He was only sad that David was gone, not that he'd ruined his long stretch of sobriety, not that he'd let himself down, only that David was gone and hadn't even bothered to tell him to his face that he was being transferred. He kept a steady pressure on the bond from his side, it was blocked, but he wanted David to know he was thinking about him. The rest of the meeting dragged on. Chris drank two more cups of the vile excuse for coffee before leaving once everyone had shared that wanted to, sidling off before anyone tried to talk to him and drawing his coat tight around himself as he stepped out into the frigid air of the street, his breath immediately rising in a mist in front of him. A familiar black car idling in front of the building caught his eye and he approached it, peeking inside. The driver inclined his head in invitation and Chris opened the door, grateful of the warm rush of air that greeted him as he sat down in the comfortable leather seat. "Hey kid," Bones greeted, sounding much less gruff than usual. "Hey Bones," Chris said, barely above a mumble. "Got you a coffee, the cinnamon one you like? The one that's going to give you diabetes," he hinted at the cup sitting in the passenger side cup holder. It was from his favourite place – where he and David went all the time. He only allowed himself one of this particular type of coffee a month – as a special treat. "Thanks," he said glumly, picking it up and taking a sip. He should have been more grateful, it was a thoughtful gesture, but today he just didn't have it in him to respond properly to it. "You wanna go somewhere and talk for a bit?" he asked and Chris turned to look at him. "I don't know," Chris sighed, running a hand through his hair. "Come on, talk to me. I can promise you right now he's bein' a prize jackass. Joanna told me someone kicked his ass, wouldn't say who, but he briefly stopped by at her place before he split. I'm sorry I wasn't home… I probably could have stopped him. You don't need to be… reacting like this," he said sadly and Chris sighed again. "I know… but… it's cold, and I hurt. I actually hurt everywhere at the moment, and I'm not in the mood to deal with this kind of bullshit from him. I was trying to be supportive, you know? If he'd have got the mission and gone, I'd have backed him entirely. But this? This is unfair," he said, frustrated, finally letting his annoyance surface. "It is unfair. And he knows that you need stability, he knows that he can't be flaking out on you. I think something must be going on here that we aren't seeing," Bones said, beginning to drive before Chris could get out of the car and run off. Chris took a sip of his coffee. It was just the perfect temperature, so Bones must have been waiting for him for at least ten minutes. "You telling me he's in trouble somehow?" Chris asked and Bones made an indecisive noise. "You know how bad he wants to be Captain now that he's got it in his head." "Stubborn asshole," Chris grumbled in agreement. "He is. But… I think he does need to focus. He's barely going to make the cut to be Captain. Focusing will help him. I know he can do it; he's just got to knuckle down and actually get on with it. I mean, he's young enough that he could afford it, but time isn't going to be on his side forever," Bones rambled and Chris frowned, rising to defend David before he could help himself. "Not good enough?" he asked and Bones sighed. "Not… I don't know. He aint Jim," Bones said and it was Chris' turn to sigh. "But not every Captain is." "Every Captain should be. They should have those exact qualities. Pain in my ass though he was, your dad was the best Captain Starfleet ever saw." Chris was silent for a while, just watching the world pass by outside the car, until he realised where they were going. "Are we going to-" Chris' question was cut off by the click of the car doors locking. "I think it's important you talk to him." "I don't want to have anything to do with him," Chris protested, pulling at the handle of the car door though he knew he was locked in. "Kid, he's your father, it's important you maintain a relationship with him," Bones said firmly and Chris sighed. "But he doesn't want a relationship with me. And I can tell. And I feel like he never did, so why should I bother?" Bones was silent for a moment before he answered quietly. "Because… as hard as it can be for him to say it, he loves you." *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Jim did his best to brace himself as the shuttle shook violently. All of the gravitational sensors were off the charts, alarms were blaring, everything was telling him to abort his current course through the singularity, pull back, change direction, do anything but what he was doing. Outside of the small craft was… darkness. A deeper blackness than he had ever before seen. There were no stars, no lights, simply nothing but blackness. The ship was violently shaking, the alarms now warning him he was exceeding the manufacturers specifications for maximum force levels. Deciding he would be better to be safe than sorry in the event of a hull breach he sprinted to the rear of the ship where the Enterprise crew had been kind enough to donate him one of their suits. He piled into it and quickly rammed the helmet on his head, making sure his atmosphere was stable before returning to the cockpit. Things seemed to be only getting worse; he could feel the compression on the ship like a heavy pressure on his chest. The ship was practically groaning under the strain and he was on edge, waiting for something to explode or decompress or simply disintegrate, send him blasting out into the abyss to – as Scotty put it – freeze, die and explode! At least the suit would give him a few more seconds… Before he could brace himself he was flung suddenly forwards, sending him careering headfirst into the glass viewing portal at the front of the ship, his head taking most of the blow, sending a splitting pain through his skull. He blinked hard and then gave in, closing his eyes and letting whatever would come, come. The next thing he knew was warmth. He wiggled his fingers and toes, confused to feel soft, dry sand between them and opening his eyes so quickly that the bright light of the sun felt like it was blinding him. He allowed himself a few seconds before he opened his eyes more slowly, giving himself a few seconds to adjust before sitting up and looking around. He was on the beach. The beach where he used to always take the kids when they were growing up. Looking off into the distance he could see a man and woman playing in the shallow water with a young girl who looked no older than two. He was sure he'd had this dream… but then he couldn't remember. He made his way over to them, the sand between his toes warm and comforting, completely at odds with the cold unease he felt as he got closer and recognised the young man. "Leo?" he called out. He turned and grinned. He looked older now then when he had last seen him. He had a few days of stubble on his face, a few light lines around his eyes. His hair was long and scruffy, hanging down to level with his jaw. "Hey, glad you could make it," he said, splashing his way out of the water and over to where Jim was standing "Where… are we?" Jim asked, feeling like that was the most obvious question. "At the beach, duh," Leo said unhelpfully, shrugging and pushing his hair back. They stared at each other for a few moments before Jim spoke again. "Is this real?" Jim asked and Leo shook his head. "No. It's a figment of your imagination. You might even be dead, who knows," he answered honestly and Jim sighed turning back and looking towards the top of the beach. It looked almost like there was nothing beyond the end of the sand, that this was the entirety of the world his mind created for him. "You know my wife…" Leo smiled as the young woman approached. Jim felt his heart skip as he recognised the woman with the young girl balanced on her hip. "Emily? You guys… you made it, huh?" Jim asked, glancing between them. "Wasn't easy," Leo chuckled, taking the toddler from Emily and turning her to look at Jim. She had the most striking eyes – two completely different colours. One was his own , instantly recognisable 'Kirk blue', the other an olive green. Her head of blonde curls danced in the ocean breeze and she giggled as she pointed her chubby hand at Jim. Jim reached out to touch her fingers, gasping as her hand slipped right through his. "If you don't get home… none of this will happen," Emily warned and Jim frowned. Leo inclined his head in one direction down the shore and Jim followed the gaze, spotting a lone dark-haired figure in a gold Starfleet shirt. "David?" Jim asked and Emily nodded. "Go talk to him, we'll be right here," Leo said, stepping back and allowing Jim to walk past him. As Jim got closer David turned and recognised him. "Took you long enough." "To… what?" Jim asked. He was shocked to see how awful David looked. He looked exhausted, haggard even. "To get back. Everyone fell apart when you left. You've taken your sweet time to get back. But you're too late," David said, face crumpling as he sank down to sit in the sand. "He's gone, Jim. He killed himself. He couldn't take it anymore, the pain got too much for him," David explained and Jim felt like he'd been kicked in the stomach. "Chris is… dead?" he asked and David nodded. "And it's your fault. You weren't there when he needed you. I wasn't there when he needed me. We both let him down and now he's gone." "David I- I- don't know how to find you guys. I don't know how to get home," Jim said, his voice coming out strained as he tried not to cry. How could Chris have done such a thing? "Figure it out! Or there's going to be more blood on your hands, because Spock will be next," he warned, inclining his head down the beach in the same way Leo had done, Jim looking further along and noticing two dark haired figures sitting in the sand. He recognised them instantly. Spock and Seren. From this distance it looked almost like he couldn't stand on his own, that she was supporting him. Jim took off running towards them, feet sinking into the sand. He seemed not to be getting any closer, but his feet seemed to sink deeper with every step. "Spock!" he called out, running harder, his feet sinking up to his ankles with every step now. "Spock wait!" He sunk to his knees and that was it, he was stuck. The sand began to swallow him, quickly sinking into the grasp of the earth, passing his knees, then up to his waist were seconds later. "Spock! No!" The sand continued to engulf him. He could see Leo, Emily and David now standing above him, watching him sink, but they didn't try to help him as the sand finally covered his face and the world turned black. Jim gasped, coming to his senses and thrashing to escape the imaginary sand. It took him a few seconds to realise it had all been a vivid dream, the result of bashing his head when he was flung forwards. He felt dizzy and his head was throbbing, but other than that, he was grateful that he seemed to have cleared the black hole. "Computer, what's our status?" he asked hoarsely. He must have been yelling out loud in his dream because his throat felt like it was on fire. Systems damaged. Hull integrity at fifty-two percent. "Which systems?" he gulped out, getting back into the seat in the cockpit with some difficulty. He'd really bashed his head, to the point where he was beginning to lose vision in his left eye. Warp drive offline. Life support operational. Scanners operational. Weapons operational. Shields offline. Communications offline. "Great," he ground out, biting the inside of his mouth to try to give him something else to focus on than the unbearable pain in his skull. He could feel a numb tingling in the tips of his fingers and toes and knowing he was going into shock scrambled out of the seat and towards the food synthesiser near the back of the craft. He needed something high in sugar to try to keep himself conscious. He keyed in a code and nothing happened. He jabbed at it again with still no result. "Computer, status of the replicator unit?" he gasped out as his head throbbed again. He could see a few flecks of red on the inside glass of the helmet and knew he must have split his head open. Bones would kill him. That's if he ever made it back to see Bones again. Replicator unit offline. Damaged. "Can we fix it?" Jim asked, leaning against the wall and sliding down it slowly. His vision was fading around the edges, tunnelling in as he started to pass out. Negative. Damage irreparable. Recommended course of action – replace unit. "Well that's – shit- very helpful computer, thanks," Jim bit out, releasing the clamps on his helmet and taking it off, laying back on the floor and allowing unconsciousness to take him. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "I had the weirdest dream last night," Leo sighed, taking another sip of his giant milkshake. "Yeah? I had a pretty weird dream too," Emily said, leaning in and stealing a sip. "Hey! You ordered diet soda, you back up off my milkshake!" he glared, moving his drink further away from her reach. "Aww. But I just wanted a little. I couldn't drink a whole one of those, I'd put on ten pounds instantly," she sighed and he snorted. "You would not. These aren't that unhealthy." "Oh please. I grew up in my house with doctor buzzkill taking away all the nice food. That right there is probably about a thousand calories," she said, pointing to his drink which he protectively clasped his hands around. "You don't listen to her, she's jealous of my metabolism, she doesn't mean to insult you personally," he mumbled to the glass and she laughed, kicking him playfully in the shin under the table. "So tell me about your dream?" she prompted and he sighed, scratching his head. "I don't know. I only remember parts of it," he said vaguely. "Tell me the parts of it?" she asked and he leant back in the booth. "I… he was there. You know… who I mean," he trailed off. He still couldn't say Jim's name. She nodded in understanding. "I… well… we were at the beach. There was a kid there? Somebody's kid was there, I don't remember. Anyway. He was there, and… maybe you were there? I don't know. Like I said, I just know he was there, there was a little kid… you… and maybe Bones? I really… I don't know. Let's talk about something else? Wanna go make out?" he asked, waggling his eyebrows suggestively. She rolled her eyes and sighed. "And what makes you think you've got my forgiveness?" she asked and he leant forwards over the table, close to her so he could talk much more quietly in the busy little diner. "You've hung out with me on to one for the first time in almost two years?" he suggested and she shrugged. "You're having a tough week, everybody is. Plus I don't have anything better to do," she said casually and he pretended to look hurt. "So I'm just… killing time?" "Pretty much," she smirked and he gasped. "I'm so offended. You should just leave. Right now. And don't come back!" he said dramatically and she playfully slapped his face, leaving her hand there, resting on his cheek. "What else?" she asked and he kept his eyes locked on hers, tongue darting out to lick his lips. "You uh… you're making eyes at me?" he asked and she smirked. "Anything else?" "I don't know. But seeing as I can read your mind… this game is kind of silly," he said, placing his hand over the top of hers and removing it, setting her hand back on the table. He was getting mixed signals from her, much as he wanted to believe her behaviour, which was becoming more and more positive, he couldn't help but pay attention to the little snippets of her mind that he would see whenever they'd make any sort of physical contact. "What do you mean by that?" she asked and he shrugged. He could feel that she was apprehensive. That she didn't trust him. That she didn't know what she really wanted. "Nothing," he said quickly, flashing a smile. It annoyed him that she was so uncertain. He'd kept to all of her terms… stopped sleeping around, acted like his old self… but she wasn't sure she could trust him. "How can I make you trust me?" he blurted out and she frowned. "Leo I do tr-" "No. You don't, because every time you touch me all I can feel is how much you don't trust me. I know what happened two years ago sucked. I know it was wrong of me to not tell you when I was sick, and I know it was wrong of me to run off and hide when I did without telling you. I'm sorry for doing that, I've already told you I'm sorry. I just… what do you need from me? Because I'm here Emily and I'm telling you that you're the one I want. I just want to get to see where what we had back then was going, because I liked it," he said and she took a moment before she responded. "There's nothing you can do. I just need time. You really hurt me when you ran off like that," she answered quietly and he nodded, reaching across the table and tentatively taking her hand in his. "I know. I'm sorry," he said, sounding much more sincere now and less defensive. "Can we… start over?" she asked and he smiled. "I'd like that." He changed his grip on her hand so they were now in a handshake and shook her hand. "I'm Leo, nice to meet you," he said cheerily and she mock-glared. "Goofball," she sighed, taking her hand away. He hadn't missed the warmth he'd felt coming from her though, and hoped that he could give her all the time she needed. It was true what he'd said, he'd really never felt this way for anyone else and would give anything to pick back up where they left off. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Bones took Chris to Spock's house. He had to call it Spock's house because he couldn't bear to think of it as 'Jim and Spock's house' anymore. Jim was dead. He had to keep telling himself this. It had been two whole years now. He wasn't coming back. Once he'd managed to coax Chris out of the car and into the house he'd cracked and started to sob messily on Spock's shoulder. To be honest, the doctor had been relieved to see him releasing his emotions in a more positive way than getting completely obliterated and staggering to Leo's apartment. He gave Leo a quick call just to check up on him. It had been a rough week with the anniversary, then David vanishing, and then all of the fallout from that. He'd sounded ok if a little strained so the doctor decided paying him a visit was next on his list, after he'd made a quick trip to London to demand David give him an answer. It was difficult to put how disappointed he was with his son into words. He'd never been Chris' biggest fan, but in the two years since he'd been injured it was almost like he'd undergone a complete personality change. He was so devoted to David, so patient with him when he was being his usually pig-headed self, so happy to just do whatever made David happiest. He was caring and hardworking, doing well at the Academy. But. He was also a ticking time bomb. His emotions were erratic still, and his pain levels were sometimes still unmanageable. More than once he'd come to the doctor, shaking just for being in the hospital, and asked to be knocked out for the night just so he could sleep. Bones hated himself for not having anything left to do to help. He could improve the scarring, but the pain was a permanent feature. The only meds strong enough to properly manage it were highly addictive, so Chris couldn't have them unless it was under his strict supervision, and he preferred not to have them at all. He described the pain coming back after a few hours of relief as like giving a child a puppy for an afternoon and then taking it away again. It just wasn't worth the brief happiness it brought him. David seemed to be the best comfort to him. He'd watch them around each other and Chris always seemed a little lighter when David was there, always a little less miserable. He stood a little straighter and smiled a little brighter, and though it was nice to see, Bones wasn't sure David was quite aware of what he had in Chris. Somebody who'd never leave him. Who's be loyal to the very end no matter what the personal cost. He'd seen it before. Jim. Jim was so painfully loyal to Spock, regardless of the faults in their relationship, and he'd watched it slowly start to destroy Jim. He couldn't let David destroy Chris. He walked a little quicker than usual once he parked the car outside HQ. He'd beam across planet to the London headquarters, it was much more convenient than a shuttle, and he still hated those damn things even after all these years. Much as he hated the transporter, he hated the shuttle more. "McCoy," A voice dragged him from his thoughts as he walked through the main atrium. He turned and felt a scowl creep onto his face. "Mitchell. How are you?" he asked and Mitchell straightened. "That's Admiral to you, Doctor," he corrected and Bones frowned more deeply. Nobody pulled rank like that. "And as I'm off duty, Admiral, I'll be carrying on my way," he said, turning and walking away from the Admiral. He hated that guy so much he actually thought his career might be worth punching him. He only had to work a few more years until he could take early retirement, so he'd continue to dream about punching Mitchell until maybe the day he could afford to hand in his resignation. "Doctor. Come back here right now or I'll have you arrested for insubordination," Mitchell's voice warned from behind him and Bones stopped in his tracks, turning back to face the younger man. "How can I help you Admiral?" he asked in as sarcastic a tone as he dared. "Enterprise is going back out in three weeks time. Would you care to take up your old commission?" he asked and McCoy shook his head. "No sir, I'm plenty occupied enough here planetside," he declined. He couldn't go back out without Jim. It wasn't even conceivable in his mind. "No problem. As you were Leonard," Mitchell said in a far too friendly tone for Bones' liking. He walked away as quickly as he could whilst still looking casual and hurried to the transporter room, flashing his Starfleet ID to the officers posted there and requesting his destination. He was relieved to find there were no issues and he got straight through, re-materialising in London HQ moments later. It took him a few minutes of wandering to remember where to find the accommodations office, and then a few more minutes of pestering until he found out where David had been placed. At least he had a single room so he wouldn't have to worry about any roommate wandering in whilst he was being told off by his dad, Bones thought to himself as he set off across the grounds towards the accommodations buildings. David's room was in the middle of a row, on the bottom floor, pretty much guaranteed to have maximum annoying noise from neighbours. Bones rang the chime and waited. After about twenty second he rang it again and then heard shuffling. The door cracked open and David groaned, trying to push the door closed but his father had outwitted him and quickly put his boot in the way. "Let me in and this will go a lot easier," he warned and David surrendered immediately, walking back into the dark room. He was only wearing boxers and he snatched up a pair of jeans from the floor and hastily wrenched them on. His room was trashed and he'd barely been there 24 hours. Clothes were strewn everywhere and the blinds were closed despite it only being early evening. "You been sleeping?" Bones asked and David nodded, yawning and sitting on the edge of the bed, drawing his knees up to his chest. "Don't offer me a seat, I'm fine," Bones said sarcastically, pulling the chair out from under the desk and placing it facing the bed, then sitting himself down facing his son. David was doing his best to keep his face turned away but the black eye had already been spotted when he opened the door. "So who hit you?" "Do we have to talk about it?" "Yes. Who was it? Another cadet?" Leonard asked. David grabbed the comforter from the bed and wrapped it around his bare torso, nuzzling his face into the soft fabric as he let his head fall onto his knees. "You should press charges. They'd probably get expelled from the academy for that, it looks pretty nasty. Provided you didn't hit them first of course," Leonard provoked. He was trying to get David to answer any way he could. "You have no idea," David sighed, sitting up and turning his face to look directly at his father who immediately went into doctor mode. "You see anybody about that?" he asked, getting up and taking a closer look. His eye was swollen painfully and coming up in dark purple bruising, a nasty cut just below his eyebrow. David shook his head and winced away as his father tried to lightly touch the wound. "Nothing's broken, just a damn nasty right hook," he said, backing off and letting David go back to hugging his knees and resting his chin on top of them. Both men were silent for a moment before Leonard spoke again. Hard as this was going to be to hear, David needed to know the truth. "Chris got blind drunk last night. Stumbled his way to Leo's place and crashed there. He was at AA this morning," he said and David took a slow deep inhale, resting his forehead on his knees now and closing his eyes tightly. "I'm so torn. I know that I could tip him. One way or the other. I could give that perfect life that he wants, that stability, that commitment, but on the other hand… the depth of his feelings for me and how dependant he's become could destroy him. And I hate to feel responsible for him hurting… but what was I supposed to do?" David asked, looking up. Leonard was taken aback to see it looked like he was holding back tears. "He just wanted you to tell him straight, that's all. To have given him the time and told him to his face," he explained and David looked at the floor for a long moment. "What-" he started and then stopped himself. "What if I told you… that it wasn't a cadet that hit me?" he asked quietly and Leonard raised an eyebrow slightly, leaning closer. "Somebody not in Starfleet?" "Somebody very much in Starfleet," David said seriously, shifting uncomfortably under his father's hard stare. "An Officer?" David shook his head. "Worse." "An Admiral?" he asked, anger rising as David nodded slowly, the first two tears spilling and running down his face. "I… I can't go back there. I need to stay here, keep my head down, and just do everything I can do get on a ship from here," he said quickly, wiping his face with the back of his hand and sniffling. Leonard moved and sat on the bed beside his son. He had a good idea which Admiral it was, but needed to be completely sure. "Did he threaten you?" he asked in a low voice. David nodded. "With what?" "That my career will be over before it begins. He was talking all of this shit about Jim and Spock… then he had this… picture of me and Chris," he gulped. "Something sexual?" "No. No nothing that bad. I kissed him on the cheek… at that stupid awards ceremony that we went to with Emily. I thought… I was being subtle. I thought nobody would see," he said. He sounded completely crushed. "If they take Starfleet away from me… it'd be bad. But if they took it away from Chris? He wouldn't cope with it. By doing what he wants I'm protecting both of us. I'm making sure that he can still follow the career he wants. I just… have to stay here for a year, get some extra credits, maybe date a girl or something… so nobody suspects-" "Who hit you?" Leonard asked more firmly. "Why? Why does it matter? Aren't they all the same? Don't the whole Admiralty feel this way now? I just don't understand where everything went so wrong. It's like we've gone back three hundred years overnight! I'm not doing anything wrong. Chris isn't doing anything wrong. Nobody should get to decide who another person can and can't love, can and can't marry, or… die for… or anything. That isn't how the world should work," David said, a few more tears spilling and his voice becoming increasingly choked up. "No, kid. That aint how the world should work. Unfortunately sometimes things don't work as we think they should. I can't tell you why things are going back this way. I can tell you that I agree with your viewpoint. Man, woman, alien… love is love. Can't fight it." David nodded and sniffled, reaching forwards and rummaging in his bag before removing a plain black box. "I… I was going to ask him if… if he'd marry me," he sniffled, handing the box to his father who peeked it open. Inside was a plastic ring that Leonard immediately recognised from his sons childhood. Christopher had had a very intricate model of the solar system in his bedroom as young teenager. He and David had argued one day, and David had broken it out of spite. Jim had retrieved all the pieces that had scattered everywhere when David had hurled it across the room, but the only missing piece was Saturn's ring. "I was sorting out some old stuff a few months ago and found that… and I remembered that stupid fight. And that he still sometimes goes on about that stupid Saturn ring and I just… yeah. I have a real ring. But I… I wanted to ask him with that one. I know it sounds really dumb…" David trailed off and looked up to find his father smiling at him. "Let him come visit you, just straighten things out between you, ok? Please don't let him think you don't love him. It's clear that you really do, but in leaving the way you did you made him question that. Please fix it… he's really hurting," he said quietly and David nodded and sniffled again. "I know. I can feel it… I just… I don't want to tell him that we have to be even more secretive, you know? It's hard enough as it is. Whenever we go out anywhere and we have to act like buddies I can feel how much it's hurting him. I mean I hate it too, but it's like it physically paining him. And this thing with Emily? Lying about it? It's never going to work," David sighed. Leonard stood up, picking up David's communicator from the bedside table and tossing it to him. "Call him, sounds like you have a lot to talk about," he instructed, turning to leave the room. "Oh and David? I'll talk to Mitchell, don't worry," he assured. He left before David could try to argue with him and was soon on his way back to San Francisco, seething with anger and wishing the one person who could help him properly get revenge on Mitchell was still alive. A/N Hey hey hey you wonderful people! I know this part is a little shorter than my usual, but after the overwhelming response to the last chapter I just really wanted to get something out for you guys to express my gratitude! I've really knuckled down to get this written and it just didn't flow right if I added anything else, so the rest will (probably) go into the next chapter, which I'm hoping will be out in the same sort of time-frame :) Thank you so much for the reviews on the last part, it's fantastic to know there are so many people out there still reading after all this time! For everyone who's sent wishes with regards to my health... the latest update is I have some new medication, but it makes me feel dizzy and kind of drunk so I've not been taking anything for about two weeks now. I feel better for it I think, just been trying to eat and drink as cleanly as possible and it seems that's helping :) Now... as I'm tying up all the ends and with my silly frazzled brain, I'm looking for someone to bounce ideas off and to help me keep the plot together and generally just talk to about the story/Star Trek awesomeness. Anybody interested? Drop me a message if so! 3
A/N Hey! :) This chapter is huuuuge! Sorry, it just got away from me. Aand it's late and I haven't had a chance to proof-read all the way through so apologies for any silly errors, I'll sort them tomorrow! Warning:Scenes of a sexual nature. Rated M for a reason folks! Oh. and Peril. Plenty of Peril. Chapter Twenty-Nine "What time is he picking you up?" Carol asked her daughter who was busy applying her makeup. "Uh… in about ten minutes," she said, glancing at the time. She wasn't dressed yet. Her makeup was barely acceptable. This was not going to plan. She'd finally relented and agreed to go out with Leo for one date, as part of their agreement to have a fresh start. He'd agreed they'd go somewhere secluded so that nobody would see them and suspect anything about her 'relationship' with Chris and she had to admit she had butterflies. They'd spent a lot of time together over the last few weeks, and watching Leo take care of Chris was really encouraging to see. She was worried he'd become totally selfish, but seeing him watch over his twin so carefully gave her hope that he was still his same old self. Chris was doing much better. As far as she knew he still hadn't really spoken to David, only by text message so he could keep himself detached from the situation. "How are you getting around this 'you dating Chris' situation?" asked her mother, peeking her head around the door as Emily began to empty her closet all over the floor, looking for something to wear that she didn't hate. "Leo said he'd take care of it," Emily shrugged, pausing at a green dress before skipping past it and going for a black one instead. The green was a nicer cut, but Leo hated colour… "The black one, definitely," Carol encouraged and Emily rolled her eyes and then turned to face her mother. "Yeah, I'm going with this one. Be right out," she said, closing the door and unfastening her bathrobe, letting it drop messily to the floor before wandering to her chest of drawers for some underwear. She settled on a relatively nice set, nothing too fancy, but not something she wouldn't want to be seen in. She had no idea if Leo was going to try to get into her pants, or if she'd let him if he did… She began to get dressed. Navy blue lace panties with a small pink bow on the front, with a bra to match, followed by her black dress and then her favourite platform heels. She messed up her hair and finalised her makeup, making sure her bright red lips were perfect and not smudged at all, and her eyes were the perfect level of smudged. Sometimes it exhausted her, the amount of effort it took to just… be a girl, but she wanted to make sure she looked good tonight. She checked herself out in the mirror one last time before opening her door and beginning to make her way downstairs. She could hear her mother talking in the doorway, so assumed Leo had arrived early. She crept up beside her and grinned at the sight. Leo was standing on the doorstep looking utterly adorable. He had a single white rose in his hand and a nervous smile on his face. He was wearing clothes that definitely didn't belong to him. She'd seen Chris wear that navy blazer a million times, and the grey pants were a little too snug, again, proof that they belonged to his twin. The other thing that stood out about his appearance was that his hair had been cut. It was no longer hanging long, but cut much shorter and styled messily, almost exactly how Chris would wear his hair. "I'll leave you kids to it," Carol smiled, heading back upstairs to get on with her business. "Well, you look great," he said, offering her the rose with one hand and scratching the back of his head with the other. "Sorry, which twin are you?" she asked and he smirked. "I know right? I'm like his clone," he sighed. "You look a little bit like when you were kids and were dressed exactly the same," she teased, accepting the rose and beckoning him into the house so she could put it in some water. "Oh ha ha. This is my plan, so we can go out and nobody will know. I've stolen Chris' identity, and car, for the evening," he grinned, leaning in the lounge doorway as she hunted for a small vase. "You don't know how to drive," she laughed and he shrugged, removing his wallet from his pocket and pulling out a drivers license and handing it to her. "That says that I do, so…" he beamed and she sighed as she looked at it. State of California, Earth. Driving Licence – Class: Car, Motorcycle – KIRK, CHRISTOPHER GEORGE The picture was definitely Chris, but if you didn't know the twins well, Leo would easily pass for his brother. "Hmm, yep, I guess it does," she smirked handing it back and he winked as he tucked it back away. She located the slender vase she was looking for and took it to the kitchen, Leo following, and stood at the sink to fill it with water, almost dropping it as she felt a warm hand on the small of her back and breath tickling her ear. "Do you have any idea how good you look in that dress?" he mumbled, placing a tiny kiss on her neck and causing her to shiver. He crowded her against the sink, hand now sliding around to rest low on her flat stomach, pulling her close against him. She felt really small against his body. Two years ago he'd been skinny, even maybe a little puny looking though under his clothes he was very toned. But now he was in Starfleet and keeping up with the rigorous physical demands, as well as seeming to enjoy keeping in shape, he'd really bulked up. "Let's go, I'm really hungry," she lied, slipping away from him and setting the vase on the side. He smirked and nodded, and she led the way out of the kitchen, snatching up her purse and coat and then following him out to Chris' car. "Wow you even cleaned in here!" she gasped as she sank into the passenger side. "And you do not want to know the kind of nasty shit I found," he groaned as he pushed the key into the ignition. She watched him curiously as he backed carefully out of the driveway, then smoothly set off down the street. "Chris been teaching you to drive?" she asked and Leo shook his head. "Seren, actually. Well, she was, lessons stopped after she went public with her whole… breakthrough. She's been busy fighting of thousands and thousands of men who want to pay her all the money in the world to undergo treatment. She's feeling pretty overwhelmed right now I think," he explained and Emily nodded. "Yeah. I guess I can sympathise, not to the same degree, but it isn't nice when everyone wants a piece of you," she said and Leo glanced at her. "Nobody else can have you," he said lightly, one hand sliding across and settling on her knee. She smiled, unable to tell if he was joking or not. "So what's Chris been doing if he hasn't been teaching you to drive?" she asked and he shrugged. "Some DIY project. Building a… bookcase? Or something. I don't know. Making a huge mess in my apartment. Tonight he's gone to London. Left a few hours ago, he and David are going to talk stuff out, which is good I guess, but he was a nervous wreck when he left," he said. He removed his hand from her knee and focused on the road, he seemed tense now that Chris had come up. "You're worried about him?" she pressed and he nodded. "Yeah, I mean, he's not stable right now. Hopefully getting everything aired out with David will help, but he's in a lot of pain at the moment… it's been getting worse for a few weeks. He asked me if I'd carry some and I am, but it's exhausting," he sighed, one hand rubbing his forehead. "You're… what?" she asked, frowning a little. The twin's minds were unique in the way they were joined, and Emily didn't have a great understanding of it. "Where we're linked… I can uh… it's kind of confusing to explain. Basically, I'm half in his head and taking half of his pain. Like blocking his receptors by putting my own in the way. So my chest hurts, and my brain is half occupied, so if I fall asleep by eight thirty then I'm really sorry," he said with a chuckle and she felt herself almost well up. "That's really sweet of you to do that for him." "I'm sure he'd do it for me," Leo shrugged. "Doesn't it get like... confusing with your two minds in one?" she asked and he shook his head. "Nope. Our minds aren't joined in that way… just kind of… fringing? I really can't explain it, it's too weird. I don't think even Spock understands it properly. I can't see everything, only what he projects to me on purpose, or anything so strong that he can't hide it. So the pain for example, that's too strong for him to keep to himself if I pull at it from my end, but what he's thinking right now I couldn't tell you, If that makes any sense?" he asked and she made and indecisive sound. "So what's for dinner?" she asked and he grinned. "Now this is something I can explain!" *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Chris tapped on the door again, cursing David for being such a damn heavy sleeper. It probably would have helped if the other man knew he was planning to visit, but he hadn't wanted to give him any chance to escape without speaking to him face to face. Chris glanced up and down the corridor, making sure to keep his hood up. There was nobody around and he was grateful for that, but had no idea how long it would last. He knocked the door again, this time able to hear shuffling inside the room. I'm outside, come let me in he passed through their bond quickly. The shuffling inside the room stopped and a few seconds later the door opened slowly, revealing a half-dressed a very sleepy looking David. "Wha'samatter?" he mumbled blearily, stepping aside to let Chris into the dark room and closing the door behind him. "Just thought I'd come say hi," Chris shrugged casually. David yawned and stretched. "At two in the morning?" "Had to make sure nobody would see me here," Chris pointed out. David crawled back into his bed and slumped against the pillows. Chris just looked at him. "Should I just go?" Chris asked and David frowned, sitting back up. "No, don't go. Sorry, I'm fucking exhausted. Did a lot of ridiculous stuff today… stupid fitness evals are kicking my ass," he groaned, slumping back into the pillows and burying his face. "They're making you do them again?" Chris asked, frowning. David nodded into his pillow. "Yep. Apparently they 'lost' my scores from over in San Fran, so the only way they can be sure I'm actually as fit as I need to be is to put me through my paces. And after three days of it I'm beat," he sighed. Chris felt himself beginning to get annoyed. Nobody ever had test results 'lost'. Everything would be saved to David's personal file, meaning there would be no need for him to repeat anything. Now that they were in close proximity Chris could feel David's exhaustion through the bond like a dull ache. "You hurting all over? What did they make you do again? All of it?" Chris asked and David groaned an affirmative response into his pillow. Chris felt very sympathetic. He'd only completed half of his required evaluations, and the one's he'd done had left his every muscle so sore he barely wanted to move. He shrugged off his jacket and kicked off his shoes, going for his belt and jeans next. "I'm not in the mood," David grumbled and Chris sniggered. "For a backrub?" Chris offered and there was a pause. "Uh… well a backrub wouldn't be the worst thing." "Thought so," Chris chuckled as he climbed onto the bed now only wearing his boxers and tee-shirt, straddling David's hips and lowering his hands to the expanse of skin beneath him. "Your hands are freezing," David complained, flinching away. "Aww. Give me a minute, they'll warm up. It isn't exactly warm outside," Chris pointed out as he began to work the knots out of David's shoulders carefully, applying just the right amount of pressure. "How'd you get here?" David slurred into the pillow, half asleep. "Secretly," Chris answered vaguely. "Leo beam you across?" "Scotty did. Leo's busy tonight, taken your sister out on a date." "Hmm. Not sure how I feel about that," David mumbled. "Me either… he says she's got doubts about him, I don't know what'll happen between them really… could go either way," Chris answered, the heel of his hand digging into a particularly tense area near David's shoulder and causing him to let out a small sound of mixed pain and pleasure that jolted right to Chris' crotch. "You think he's going to try and fuck her?" Chris snorted. "Eloquent as ever, McCoy." "Don't care. You think that's what he's up to?" "I don't know. Probably. I think he does actually want a relationship though, I mean, if he just wanted sex he knows where to get that from," Chris sighed. He'd been so lonely since David left, sometimes feeling as though he was physically aching for his touch. "He seems kinda weird, in that regard," David said, shifting beneath him slightly, getting more comfortable as his hands settled into a natural motion, slowly teasing the soreness out of his shoulders and spine. "I don't know too much… I know a girl once tied him up and whipped him and that he liked it, but then I asked him to please stop talking so… " Chris trailed off and giggled nervously. "Kinky," David giggled back. "I don't know that I'd enjoy being tied up and whipped," Chris mumbled, lowering his mouth and kissing the back of David's neck, watching the way the shiver ran all the way down his spine. "We could find out," David answered back quietly, turning his head and peeking up with one eye through the gloom. Chris shifted back a little, his hands stopping their slow circles and gripping David's pyjama pants waistband. He crawled backwards down his legs, pulling the soft, stretchy fabric with him. David complied and lifted his hips so Chris could pull the clothing off and throw them onto the floor, adding to the huge mess of clothes there. "You should really learn how to keep your room tidy cadet," Chris smirked, his breath tickling the back of David's thigh as he slowly crawled back up his legs. "Bad behaviour like that? You could get a reprimand for it," he warned, pushing David's thighs apart and kissing the back of both knees lightly. "Mmm and what would that involve?" David asked in a low voice. Chris pushed his tights further apart, laying on his stomach now and trailing small kisses up the inside of one leg. He slid his hand, flat and firm, up the other thigh before raising it a few inches, pausing, and then bringing it down with a sharp smack that made the smaller man jolt and squirm, but unmistakeably grind his hips down so his erection rubbed against the sheets. Chris smirked and repeated his action, a little harder, feeling a tingle of excitement at the small moan that he received as a reward. He crawled a little higher up, running his hands over each of David's thighs until they settled on his ass. With no warning he dove in, warm wet tongue lapping at David's entrance and causing him to groan into his pillow before becoming very quiet and tense. I want you so badly. "Mmmm Chris I thought you wanted to talk," David fought back half-heartedly. We can talk when my mouth isn't occupied. David moaned as Chris's lithe tongue speared into him, grabbing handfuls of the sheets and pushing back desperately. Chris paused momentarily, diving for the drawer beside the bed where he knew he'd find lube before returning, tongue once again trailing over the sensitive nerve-endings, causing David to writhe and moan quietly into the pillow as he did his best to keep quiet. Chris dipped lower, lapping at David's balls as he began to work one finger inside him, adding cold lube that caused him to jerk away and hiss. "What's wrong?" Chris asked playfully and David turned to look at him and glared. "Christopher, now isn't the time to play games with me," David warned, voice unsteady and Chris laughed quietly, angling his finger to brush his prostate and causing him to gasp. "Not playing games. You aren't the only one frustrated here you know, been weeks since I've had you like this… I've missed you so much," Chris rushed out, carefully adding his second finger and causing his bondmate to let out another low groan. "What have you missed the most?" David asked breathlessly and Chris smirked. "Missed having you like this, all spread out for me… missed touching you… tasting… feeling. Missed that little noise you make when I-" Chris paused and brushed David's prostate again, causing him to moan. "Just like that," he smirked, carefully removing his fingers before adding more lube and pressing them back inside. "You think you can be quiet?" Chris asked in a low voice. "I'll try," David mumbled back. "Try hard," Chris taunted, crawling up the bed so he was now kneeling between David's legs and using his free hand to encourage David to lift his hips off the bed. He winced a little as he coated himself with the colder-than-comfortable lube before removing his fingers and lining up, holding still for a minute and leaning down to David's ear. "You good?" he asked quickly. "Mmm go slow, been ages," he warned and Chris nodded, placing a gentle kiss on his cheek. "It's been too long," Chris agreed, fighting the urge to rut mindlessly forwards and forcing himself to proceed very slowly and gently. David winced and closed his eyes. Sorry. "Don't apologise, don't be ridiculous. We can switch if you-" "No. This is good. Just need a minute," David gasped out and Chris nodded, kissing his neck affectionately as he allowed David time to adjust and relax. His hands ran over the smooth skin of his back again, fingers moving in slow circles, beginning to work out the rest of the tension in his muscles. David sighed contentedly and Chris continued for a few minutes before leaning down and kissing his neck, trailing up to his ear. "You ok?" he asked and David nodded. He moved very slowly, the first half-muffled moan from David a welcome relief. You have no idea how badly I want to pound you into this bed right now. "No? Tell me," David whispered in response to the thought through the bond and Chris bit back his own moan, lowering his lips to David's ear. "You look so fucking good like this, all desperate and spread out for me," Chris growled and sank his teeth into David's neck before he could stop himself, the moan he received in response to the biting only encouraging him further. Arousal spiked through their bond and Chris picked up the pace, David whimpering needily into the pillow as he tried to stay quiet. Strong hands snaked around to his front, one finding a nipple and pinching hard, the other moving lower until it closed around his erection. "Careful," David warned, trying to back down from the edge he was rushing towards. "Is this good?" Chris asked, removing his hand but increasing his speed, David pushing back against his every thrust, gasping as his sweet spot was struck dead-on. "Chris-fuck," he gasped, biting his forearm now to try and stop himself crying out. Chris growled and pushed his head down, hard, grabbing his hips and pulling them higher and pounding into him roughly, hands gripping his hips hard enough to leave bruises. You don't get to come until I do, clear? David whined at the order and nodded, allowing Chris to partially block his pleasure through the bond to hold off the inevitable. "Harder," he grit out, pushing back more insistently and causing Chris to lose his patience. He pulled out, easily lifted the younger man and flung him into his back before dragging him to the edge of the bed and standing between his legs. "Trust me," he ordered, lifting David's legs so his ankles were over his shoulders, lifting him by his hips and pressing back in carefully. David groaned as he got used to the strange angle, only his shoulders now in contact with the bed, completely under Chris' control. He was powerless to protest as Chris lifted him off the bed entirely, quickly sitting up so he could hold on around his neck, his legs over his shoulders as he was pushed against the wall. "Don't drop me," David warned, followed by a sharp intake of breath as Chris found what he was looking for on his next thrust and kept the same position, slamming forwards again and again and depriving David of all coherent thought, mouth hanging open uselessly as he gasped for breath between loud moans of pleasure. Chris's hand obstructed his mouth, the other hand wrapping around his cock and stroking in time with his thrusts. Harder Chris narrowed his eyes and removed his hand from David's mouth, replacing it with his own lips, crashing them together messily. He obliged David's request and thrust harder, the raw power from his body strength now half crushing him against the wall as he chased his own release. "Going to- fuck, David," Chris gasped out, too much pleasure crashing through the bond sending them both over the edge in a few more thrusts, David biting Chris' shoulder to try and muffle the loud moan that escaped his mouth as he spilled over their stomachs as he felt a rush of heat as Chris spilled inside of him. They stayed still for a moment, panting, foreheads resting together before David laughed out loud. "What was that?!" he demanded and Chris blushed. "I don't know… I'm sorry, felt all… dominant all of a sudden. I don't know why I… yeah. Sorry. I'll put you back on the bed," Chris chuckled, carefully carrying David back over to the bed and setting him down before disappearing into the bathroom for a moment, returning with a warm, wet washcloth and cleaning his stomach up, pushing his hair back off his forehead. David was surprised by the affection, but didn't mind, he lay contentedly letting his bondmate take care of him and feeling his body returning to normal. Chris curled up next to him, wrapping him in his arms and nuzzling his nose into his neck. David absentmindedly traced a few of the scars on Chris' chest, following the thin lines from many surgeries in their respective directions before placing a small kiss on Chris' forehead. "Love you. Sorry for leaving like I did… I just… something happened and I had to go," David mumbled and Chris looked at him carefully. "There wasn't… somebody else?" he asked and David frowned. "Course not. No. Never. I had a run in with Mitchell and he… has a picture of us kissing. He didn't seem too happy about it either. So, he sent me here, to get me away from you, to try and break us… "This is all so ridiculous," Chris sighed, running a hand through his hair tiredly and yawning. "But then I heard from… someone… that he and… Jim allegedly had a thing while they were at the academy. So he's a massive hypocri-" "They didn't. Jim told me this story. Mitchell was like his best pal at one point, they shared almost all their classes, trained together… everything. Mitchell made a move on him one night and Jim shot him down pretty publicly. I mean… do you think this is where this is all coming from? Seems pretty pathetic if it is," Chris said and David's eyes widened. "Nothing happened between them?" "No. Jim told me about it. Mitchell made a move on him and Jim tried to let him down easy but Mitchell wasn't having any of it, he got really offended and transferred all his classes and just stopped talking to him after. There has to be more though, he wouldn't behave like this over something so petty, would he?" David thought for a second. "Could he be jealous? Like… Jim had a great career, even once he became Commodore and didn't get involved so much, he still had some big achievements. Between the two of them Jim and Spock have some of the best service records there's ever been. Youngest Captain in the fleet, the Narada, everything that happened with Khan, the five year mission… everything Spock has done on missions since then, and Jim planning that hit on that Orion slave ship, rescuing all those slaves? They've done some amazing things. I can't think of anything notable that Gary Mitchell has ever been a part of. I think that's it. He can't stand that we're set to follow in those footsteps, he wants to try and make sure we don't get to. I mean I know my dad doesn't get on with him either… that could be why he hates me so much, plus I'm hardly a model student…" David trailed off with a smirk and Chris grinned. "Wouldn't have you any other way. But you're still a dick for leaving me without telling me," he said and David sighed. "You're a dick for getting drunk over something so stupid. Of course I wasn't leaving forever, or because I'd cheated on you, ok? You need to just trust me that I'm not going anywhere Chris. I'm committed to you, I'm here for you, that isn't going to change," he assured and Chris made a face. "Ick. You said the 'C' word," he frowned. "Committed?" David smirked and Chris nodded. "Well that's what we are, right? Our bond isn't exactly temporary," David pointed out and Chris shrugged. "I know… just when you say things like that it makes me think of like… getting married and stuff. It all just feels too fast," Chris said and David did his best to hide his disappointment at hearing Chris say that. "You wouldn't want to get married?" David asked and Chris looked at him carefully, smirking as David gave away too much information through the bond. "You… were going to ask? Weren't you?" David blushed and opened his mouth to speak, but finding no words came. "Oh my god! You were totally going to propose to me!" "Not now but I mean… one day… yeah. I will ask, if that's ok?" David said, now feeling nervous but relieved that he hadn't asked before this point if Chris wasn't ready for such a step. Chris met his eyes properly, warmth seeping through their bond as he smiled. "One day I'm sure I'll be ready to say yes." *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Leo groaned against her plush lips as she ground down against his clothed erection. "Hmm what's the matter?" she smirked. He almost bashed his head against the roof as he pushed her off his lap so she was laying flat across the back seats so he could get on top of her. "The matter is this car isn't big enough for me to do everything I want to do to you," he growled, kissing her neck as he ran a hand up her thigh and under her dress, other hand resting on one breast through the fabric. They'd barely made it through dinner. He just couldn't stop himself, he was so desperate to touch her and she seemed to be the same. "We could go back to your place?" she offered and he sighed, awkwardly balanced above her on the back seat of the car. "We could, long way though…" he said thoughtfully, looking outside. They were in a deserted parking lot up on a hill, looking down at the city lights. "We can't go outside. Too cold," she protested and he whined. "I'll keep you warm?" he offered. "We've got room in here," she said, pushing him into a sitting position again and slowly undoing his jeans as he watched with dark eyes, pupils blown wide. She reached his boxers and pushed the waistband down enough that his cock could spring free, causing him to let out a sigh of relief that made her giggle. "You have no idea how painful jeans are in this situation," he smirked as she leant down, licking a stripe from base to tip that caused him to go very quiet as she teased him for a few moments before shifting to sit on his lap. His hands were back under her dress again, pulling at her lacy underwear, dragging them down her thighs as their lips met in a desperate kiss. He groaned in frustration when he couldn't get her underwear further down and used both hands to rip them and throw them aside. She protested and he gave her an apologetic look. "I'll get you new ones," he promised and she smirked. "Damn right you will Kirk." He trailed his hands up her thighs again, settling on her hips and pulling her down to take him in slowly. Their eyes met as he inched inside, a soft moan escaping them both. Leo had to close his eyes. He couldn't look at the way she was looking at him; it was getting him too wound up. He nuzzled his face into her neck, nipping at her earlobe and trying to think of something else. There was just something about her today that was pushing him to the very edge of his control. She pushed up with her legs and sank back down and he bit his lip, doing everything he could to get himself to back away from the edge. He held her hips still, kissing her hungrily and trying to distract himself, trailing his hands all over her body. "You know I've still never seen you naked," he pointed out and she chuckled. "All in good time," she smirked, squeezing her internal muscles around him without warning and tipping him just that bit too far. He couldn't stop himself, groaning as he hit his release and tensing up as he rutted up into her just few times before slumping back against the seat, trying to catch his breath. She looked startled and he grabbed for her hand quickly. They stayed perfectly still for a stunned minute. Leo feeling warm blush rising in his cheeks. "I swear, this has never happened to me before-" "It's ok," she said quickly and he looked at her for a moment before starting to laugh through his embarrassment. "It really isn't. I seriously have no idea what-" "Leo, it's ok. These things happen, I'll just have to mock you about it forever now," she smirked and felt his blushing intensify. "Like I said – I have no idea what that was. Give me like two minutes and I'll be good to-" "It's ok, don't worry about it," she said with a small smile. He could feel from her telepathically that she was being genuine. A little bit of amusement mixed with sympathy for him and a touch of concern were seeping across from her and he did his best not to get too worked up and annoyed at himself. "Sorry… really I uh… that's never happened to me before, don't know what uh… I think I was just too excited because it's you, and I… yeah…" he trailed off awkwardly and she smiled. "You can just owe me for next time," she smirked and he grinned, pushing his embarrassment down as best he could. "I'll hold you to that. Anyway… now that uh… I've done just about the worst thing I can do for my self confidence, what would you like to do now?" he offered and she giggled, wriggling a little still sitting on top of him. He winced at how oversensitive he was, confused that though he thought he was done, part of his body seemingly hadn't got the memo. "I mean I'm still uh… apparently… pretty happy to see you, so I mean…" he began and she smirked, lifting up a little and sinking back down onto him. "You going for thirty seconds this time? As opposed to twenty?" she teased and he glared, gripping her hips and pulling her down all the way. "You're in so much trouble," he mumbled as he flipped them, pinning her to the back seat of the car, and whether it was just his bruised pride he wasn't sure, but something was urging him on, making him need her not just want her. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Chris groaned as his communicator started to chirp loudly, arm flailing for the device and fingers eventually closing around it. "'Lo?" he offered sleepily. Chris when are you coming back? Leo's tone was urgent and Chris immediately felt more awake. "What's wrong?" he asked and Leo sighed deeply. I have a problem. "Well I guessed that. What's wrong? What problem?" Chris asked. David nuzzled closer behind him, mumbling sleepy nothings against the back of his neck and wrapping his arm around his waist more tightly. You alone? "Nope." Just David there? "Yep." David, sorry, close your ears unless you want to be mentally scarred by the image of me doing bad things to your sister. Me and Emily… well… we drove up to that romantic spot you suggested, everything was going great and then I… well… got a little over-enthusiastic… Chris smirked to himself, having an inkling of what his twin meant but wanting to confirm first. "Wait… I don't follow?" I… well, shit, I practically jizzed in my pants! I don't know what the fuck happened man, all was good, and literally twenty seconds and that was that. I couldn't even stop myself, it was so wei- "Do you have any idea what time it is?" Chris yawned and Leo groaned. I know and I'm sorry but this is really important Chris! Has this ever happened to you? How the hell do you stop this happening?! David leant across and took the communicator. "Leo. Look. Everybody gets a little excited sometimes, just laugh it off and move on. And please never ever talk to me about screwing my sist-" It happened twice. And my mind is basically screaming for her and my body won't co-operate and… I don't know what to do. Chris frowned. All of a sudden this situation wasn't so funny anymore. David made his suggestion through their bond and Chris nodded, taking the communicator back from him. Pon Farr? "Do you feel ok? Other than the obvious?" I feel completely fine, totally normal. Like I really just… I figured after the first time I'd be fine, but then it happened again! And now she's gone home and I feel so weird and… I don't know. I felt fine a minute ago. Now I feel kind of weird. "Weird in what way?" Chris asked slowly, his worry increasing. Kind of… feverish. Shaky. Too hot and too cold. Chris carefully extricated himself from the tangle of limbs and blankets, leaving David in the bed blinking sleepily up at him as went in search of his clothes. "Where are you? At your apartment?" Yeah. Why? You think it's my… you know? The Pon Farr? I mean… I can't bond with her Chris. If it is then I'm screwed. "Can you beam me back to you?" David was looking worried now, watching Chris from the bed as he frantically pulled his clothes back on. He hadn't been planning on staying and sleeping, but they'd talked for a long time and then he'd been so tired and it had been so nice being in the same bed that he couldn't bring himself to leave when he was supposed to. I can. You ready now? Chris leant down and placed a tender kiss on David's forehead. "I'll see you soon, ok?" "Mmm, ok," David mumbled sleepily and Chris chuckled, ruffling his hair and kissing him again, this time on the corner of his lips. "I love you," Chris said sincerely and David smiled, pulling him down for another kiss before letting him go so he could go help his twin. "Ok Leo, ready," he said, stepping back from the bed and waiting a few seconds before white lights began to circle him. He closed his eyes for a few seconds, opening them again and finding himself in Leo's living room. His twin looked stressed. He snapped his communicator closed and put it in his pocket. "You look like hell," Chris commented and Leo sighed. "I tried to comm. her and she won't pick up. Fucking hell Chris… what am I meant to do?" Chris thought for a second. "You think it definitely is? I mean… want to show me?" he offered and his twin hesitated for a moment before nodding. They sat on the couch next to each other, Leo's right hand on his brother's face, Chris's left hand the other way. "My mind to your mind…" "It's weird in here, too noisy," Chris frowned as he was bombarded by the contents of his twins mind. There were about a million different thoughts rushing around, things he was working on, Starfleet stuff, things for his classes, equations, warp theory, and then finally, what he was looking for. "This doesn't feel like what it felt like for me when it was starting… you're too… controlled. For me I was like… I don't know. It sure as hell wasn't optional and I knew it had to be David. Like every molecule of my body was pushing me to him. This doesn't seem the same to me, like sure you're thinking about her, but you aren't burning." Leo was silent for a moment inside the meld, trying to field away some of the more irrelevant thoughts. Chris noticed something and went towards it, something strange that shouldn't be there. Leo backed off. "Leo, what-" "It's nothing, leave it ok? Is it Pon Farr or not?" Chris frowned mentally. "No… it isn't. But something weird is going on here. Go talk to Bones and-" Chris almost fell off the couch as Leo forcibly broke the meld, the emotional transference was always jarring but this was something different, something else. "Leo, what the hell?" he demanded as his twin flung himself to his feet. "You should leave," he said shakily and Chris just stared. "Christopher. Leave. Now." "I-" Chris started but Leo grabbed him by the collar of his jacket and pulled him to his feet, shoving him backwards. "I said GET OUT!" Leo roared. A sharp pain flared through Chris' head and he was momentarily disoriented by it, blinking at Leo before turning to leave. "You need to-" "You don't get to tell me what I need. I need to meditate is what I need, so leave," he said, anger retracting slightly but still evident. Chris obeyed and left, shocked that Leo had grabbed him like that, his brother wasn't one for physical altercations at all. He commed Emily for her own safety and left her a message asking to meet but being vague enough, then headed back to his apartment to shower and change before going to class. Inside his apartment Leo dimmed all the lights, retrieving from his bedroom his meditation mat and candles. It had been far too long since he'd made time to do this and maybe his mind was punishing him now. He lit the candles and rolled out the mat in the centre of the floor, reaching for the point in his mind where he could still faintly feel his link with his twin and sending through an apology, hoping it would be noticed. He sat down and exhaled heavily, closing his eyes and ordering the room temperature up to as hot as he could bear it, then trying to sort through the hurricane of information currently swirling in his over-taxed mind. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* "Fuck it," Jim hissed as he cut his thumb on a sharp edge of metal. He sucked the digit into his mouth, pressing his tongue against the fresh wound until the bleeding slowed and stopped. The metallic taste in his mouth helped to remind him to keep going, he was alive now, but maybe wouldn't be for long unless he could get this fixed. He started at the replicator again, using the few tools he had aboard the ship to try and dismantle the unit and solve the fault. So far he'd been working for hours and all he had was a sore back to show for it. The replicator appeared beyond repair, but he couldn't give up. He'd starve to death without it, so he had to find a solution. He walked away for a few minutes, hoping to clear his head and return to the problem refreshed and able to solve it. Standing by the controls of the small ship, Jim looked out at the stars. He recognised constellations now, this close to Earth. By his best guess and the limited information he could gain from the damaged scanner systems, he was around four hundred and twenty thousand kilometres from Earth, much closer than he'd been when he'd fallen through the singularity originally. This worried him, as he knew he hadn't come back to exactly the same location, but the fact he was so close to the planet gave him hope. There was a reasonable chance a Starfleet vessel would find him here, or that he might be able to make it home once he figured out the small problem of escaping the gravity pull of the still-active small wormhole. He decided to send out another comm. burst, knowing that doing this regularly would make it more likely it would be detected. "Computer, begin comm. burst please, all channels all frequencies," he requested and the computer acknowledged and he began to speak. "Requesting immediate assistance. This is James T. Kirk of the Federation planet Earth. My ship has taken damage and I am in need of assistance. If anybody is receiving this, please respond, assistance is required, over," he offered half-heartedly. He'd been at this for hours and nobody was answering him, he wondered how much longer he could keep this up. Spock. God damn it Spock, I'm so close but so far. Wish you could hear me and you'd come save me. He forced the message into the part of his brain where he knew the bond had been. He could barely feel it now, but hoped against hope that somewhere Spock could hear him and would come and save him. After sitting for a few more minutes he returned to the broken replicator unit, and after several more fruitless hours of being unable to fix it and now barely able to focus due to the desperate rumbling of his stomach, he cracked with frustration, hurling a screwdriver across the ship where it hit the wall with a satisfying thud. He stared at the accursed machine that was failing him and resigned himself to what he knew he was going to have to do to survive. He pried apart the casing using whatever he could until he reached the tank that contained the raw replicator protein. It was heavily concentrated stuff and very unpleasant, but in desperate situations people had survived from consuming it. He sniffed at the sludgy liquid tentatively and recoiled, trying to stop himself from retching. The liquid was vile, smelling strongly like food that was rotten and should be discarded, an unappealing grey colour and lumpy like spoiled milk. He retrieved a small cup that he'd located in a storage compartment and lowered it into the tank, filling it halfway with the goop before bringing it back up and looking at it for a moment. "God damn it," he muttered. He was starting to panic, he knew it. The hunger was driving him crazy; it was making him think about the unthinkable, about Tarsus. He'd barely thought about Tarsus since he and Spock had bonded, but being this hungry for this long was bringing all the memories back. The things he'd had to do to find food, the kids who hadn't made it… He retched before he could stop himself, tears brimming in his eyes. He put the cup down and crawled away from the replicator, wrapping his arms around himself protectively and curling into a ball on the floor. Leo would know how to fix this damn thing. If it had been six months since everything had happened when Spock Prime found him, by Jim's calculations it should now have been almost two years, despite the fact that for himself it had barely been a few months. He wondered what his youngest child was doing now, if he was at Starfleet, if he was going to follow in his footsteps out into the stars. He pulled his communicator from his pocket and flipped it open, tears rolling down his cheeks now. "Leo… hey buddy. I miss you a lot today," he paused and took a deep shaky breath. "I hope you're doing good, I hope things are good… I wish you'd come find me. Bring me home, then we could go get breakfast that place you and Chris like, with all the pancakes? Remember how you said you could eat your body weight in pancakes, kid? Right now I think I could eat our combined body weight in pancakes. I'm stuck on this stupid ship… replicator's dead, comms are barely functional, warp drive is fried… you'd have all these fixed in no time," Jim paused again before sniffing as he tried to pull himself back together, wiping his eyes on his sleeve. "God I miss you guys so much. Don't give up on me, please? I know you think I'm gone. But I'm not Leo, I'm here and I need someone to help me, because I think I'm stuck here otherwise. I just want to come home," he finished quietly, voice cracking. "I just want to come home," he whispered as he snapped the small device shut and crawled back over to the replicator and the small cup of the raw protein. "Spock you had better bring me breakfast in bed every day for the rest of our lives when I make it back to you," he muttered as he pinched his nose and brought the cup to his lips, forcing down the sludge and fighting his body's natural response of trying to eject it immediately. Once it was all gone he sat back, panting a little and grimacing at the vile taste in his mouth. He sat in silence for a long few minutes until his communicator chirped out it's sound announcing his battery was finally about to die on him. He sighed and picked himself up, heading to the small sleeping area of the ship to settle down to get some rest and hoping somebody would pick up one of his comm. messages and come looking for him. *~*~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~*~* "So, why engineering, son?" Mitchell asked and Leo did his best to remain calm and respectful. In the five minutes since he'd arrived at Mitchell's office as requested, he'd been called 'son' repeatedly and it made him angry. He found a lot of things made him angry much more quickly than usual recently. It had been a few days since everything happened with his disastrous date with Emily and then the altercation with Chris afterwards. He'd spoken to Chris but not yet to Emily, but he was meant to be meeting her for coffee that afternoon once he'd finished his classes after this meeting. Chris had arranged it and that had annoyed him a little, but seeing her was better than not seeing her so he'd agreed to go along. "I uh… like to fix things, sir?" he offered weakly and Mitchell smiled, leaning back a little in his chair. "I always liked you son, you're the best of the three in my eyes, you stand right out," he said and Leo blinked hard. "In what way, sir?" he asked obediently. He knew exactly what this was, Mitchell was trying to get a rise out of him. "Well I don't know… I mean, your sister. Brilliant doctor, research projects are a little… out there, but brilliant all the same, but kind of an obvious choice. Your brother… well, I don't know. He's a good guy at heart I'm sure, but a little in love with himself, and not as bright as you… not as many options open to him I'm sure you'll agree?" Mitchell offered and Leo did his best to be diplomatic. "I'm sure that Chris could manage anything he put his mind to if he put the effort into it, it's confidence that he lacks, not ability, sir," he answered as politely as he could, doing his best to keep his cool. He was curious enough to find out where this was going to play along for the time being. "I mean, sir, I don't stand out to anyone. I haven't achieved anything yet," he pointed out and Mitchell shook his head. "Course you have, son. I've read your papers on advanced warp theory, there are some solid points there. I'd like to make you offer, Leo, if you'll hear me out," he said and Leo nodded once, standing a little straighter to attention. Mitchell hadn't ordered him at ease yet and he didn't want to slip up. "Skip the Academy. Come work for Starfleet now, in the engineering branch. You already know Commander Scott? You'd be reporting directly to him. All you'd need to do is complete your current term with your current grades remaining constant, and then you could start right away. Building the next generation of ships, the next generation of warp engines. What do you say?" he offered, a twinkle in his eye as Leo disobediently kept his expression neutral. "That's quite an offer Admiral," he said flatly. "Not an offer I make to just anyone," he pointed out and Leo nodded. "I understand, sir. I'd need to think about it for a few days, if that would be acceptable?" he asked and Mitchell nodded. "Of course. Take all the time you need. Actually, while you're here, I had another question to ask you," he said, picking up his PADD from the desk and activating the screen, pulling up the morning's news headlines. "How are you holding up?" he asked and Leo frowned slightly. "I don't follow sir," he said and Mitchell handed him the PADD, a news story on the page that made Leo want to hurl the PADD at the wall behind Mitchell's head. Son of late Starfleet Commodore terminally ill? Beneath the headline there was a picture of his own face, obviously outdated as he looked thinner and paler. Leo forced a chuckle but inside he felt his anger bubbling steadily. His medical records were classified, so somebody had to have leaked this information. "They're a bit slow off the mark sir. I was ill over two years ago. I'm in perfect health," he said casually, putting the PADD down on the desk. "You're sure? Because I don't see any reports of any physicals since then in your personal file Leo. You know that it's a requirement to attend your quarterly physicals, right? That you could be expelled from the Academy for not doing so?" he asked, clearly a threat. "Yes sir, I'm aware of that. I don't know why there are no records, but I can assure you I am perfectly healthy," Leo responded, again keeping his voice calm and measured. "It was a tumour? In your brain? Is that part of the story accurate at least?" he asked and Leo frowned. "Yes sir." "And you beat it?" he pressed and Leo nodded once. "Yes sir, with a little help from one of Starfleet's finest and my sister," he answered. He was really hoping Mitchell would back off with his questions. "Doctor Leonard McCoy," he said flatly and Leo nodded in confirmation. "Brilliant doctor… kind of abrasive as a person," Mitchell commented and Leo held his tongue. He knew Mitchell shouldn't be making comments like this about a senior officer to a cadet, but he let him go with it. "We've traced this media leak to his office, and we're going to press charges. Can't have trashy stories like this circulating about one of our best and brightest cadets now can we?" Mitchell offered and Leo took a nanosecond to think before he answered. "Doctor McCoy is like a father to me. He'd never leak my medical records to the media, sir. It must have been somebody else," Leo protested, again keeping his tone calm and level. Mitchell looked at him severely for a moment. "We have this traced to a computer terminal in his office. Somebody sat in his chair and sent this to the media, you think it wasn't him?" Mitchell pressed. "I'd bet my life that it wasn't him sir, there's no way." Mitchell leant forward in his chair, elbows resting on the desk and voice becoming dangerously low as he asked his next question. "But could you prove it?" Leo stared at him for a moment, a million retorts to that statement crossing his mind before he settled on the one that made the most sense to him. "Can you prove that it was him? Sir? I mean, anybody could break into his office after hours, wouldn't be difficult. It only has the standard security on that door, it wouldn't take a genius to hack it," he suggested. Silently adding in this own mind: and it's a good thing it wouldn't take a genius to hack that door, because you're no genius Gary. "I think we're done here Kirk. Doctor McCoy will be facing an enquiry about this, and we will see where that leaves us. Dismissed Cadet!" he ordered and Leo practically sprinted from the office. People were giving him weird looks as he walked swiftly through the corridors, he assumed about the bullshit story in the media. He ignored them and raced across campus, skipping his next class as he went to hunt down Bones and warn him that Mitchell was out to get him. He found Bones quickly enough, sitting with Scotty in one of the engineering hangars sipping on a glass of Scotty's questionably legal home-brew and putting the world to rights. "They're trying to pin the leak on you, Bones," he announced as he walked across the hangar to the two men. Bones was immediately up and out of his seat, ranting with every curse word under the sun. "-fucking asshole! I swear to god, I swear to god that guy had better watch his back or so help me…" he trailed off. Scotty looked vaguely concerned, Leo did his best to hide his smirk. With all his grumping and grousing, Bones wouldn't really do someone actual harm. "Leave it to me, Bones, I have a plan," Leo said with a cheerful smile. "Mr Scott, I've been offered a job. You know anything about this?" he asked and Scotty nodded. "Aye. I requested it. I need a new assistant round here, someone who knows their stuff rather than the cadets he keeps assignin' me. Half of them couldn't find their own arse in the dark if their life depended on it…" he muttered and Leo laughed out loud. "I think I'm going to take it. It'll let him think he's got leverage on me, when obviously he doesn't, and I can stay in his pocket, let everyone know what's going on. Bones – this thing with the media. Any idea who could have leaked it? Who could have had access to your office?" "Not a clue, kid. Me… couple of my staff, Carol… jeez, I don't know. Nobody that would do this, and certainly not who would do this and try to make it look like I did it!" "It was him that did it," Leo said simply and Bones nodded glumly. Scotty finally catching on. "Wait… you're sayin' that Admiral Mitchell… framed Doctor McCoy?" he asked in a hushed tone. Leo nodded and Scotty looked worried. "I don't like this Len, it's like Marcus all over again… except this time we don't have Jim to deal with him," Scotty finished miserably. Leo grinned. "You've got me. And I'm going to need to borrow Molly, if you can spare her? When's Mitchell's big public address? It's soon right?" he asked and Scotty nodded. Molly appeared from a back room and smirked as she strode over confidently. "Listening to our conversation?" Leo asked and she nodded, smirk widening. "Up for a little organised chaos?" Leo offered and she nodded again. Scotty half opened his mouth to object and then closed it again. "You have a plan, kid?" Bones asked and Leo nodded. "Just wait for his big speech, Mitchell won't be conveying quite the message he had planned. He needs to learn if he messes with one of us, he messes with all of us," he grinned, grabbing Molly by the arm and whispering rapidly to her as they left the hangar together, leaving Bones and Scotty to theorise and worry about what on earth they may have planned as revenge. It was three weeks before Mitchell's large public address. It was a big enough event that David managed to come back from London to attend it, and Leo was glad. It was something he really wanted David to see. Leo had accepted Mitchell's offer to graduate early and go right into working with Scotty. He'd need to complete the academic year with top grades to be able to do it, but that was far from his biggest concern. Leo's mind had stabilised a little. He'd talked to Emily, smoothed things over with her and managed to convince her to go out with him again. After their meal he'd convinced her to come back to his place, and thankfully this time there was no further incident. He convinced himself it was just an off-day and that he didn't need to worry about it happening again. The day of the large public assembly had finally arrived, and Leo and Molly had put a lot of planning into their revenge for the Admiral. They'd decided embarrassment was by far the best course of action, and had prepared a slideshow with some backing music that would replace the one the Admiral had been planning on playing at the event. Using her hacking skills that were second to none, Molly had got around the various security features and switched the presentations just minutes before the event was due to start. Leo had added a little extra to the prank that he'd failed to tell Molly about, just for extra comedic value. "You ok? You're acting weird," Chris pointed out as Leo practically skipped along the sidewalk on their way to the arena for the assembly. "I'm fantastic, just fantastic," he said genuinely. David and Joanna shot him quizzical looks and Chris just rolled his eyes. "You'll see guys. I have a feeling this assembly is going to be great," Leo beamed as they neared their destination. David looked tired and Leo wondered if he and Chris had been up the entire night before. He knew they'd barely seen each other, only once more since Chris had been to visit him in London and it was putting a strain on them both. Hopefully his stunt today would at least entertain them for the morning. The four cadets took their seats, Molly arriving shortly afterwards and sitting with them too. Leo noticed Spock sitting up near the front with Scotty and Bones and gave him a small smile which was thankfully returned. Leo knew he should try to spend more time with Spock but he was such hard work that he normally avoided him. Maybe if he was in a good mood that would make things easier. Molly caught Leo's eye down the row of seats and they shared a smirk before forcing themselves to not look at each other again, they didn't want anyone to become suspicious that they had sabotaged the presentation. It took a while longer for the assembly hall to fill up, and then Mitchell stepped up to the podium. He droned on for a while, speaking in his usual tone, completely devoid of any charisma. Today he was talking about the qualities he expected to see in every cadet, the things that would make them great officers, give them great careers. "And now, a short presentation on what makes some of our best and brightest just so exceptional," he introduced, stepping aside as the holo-player readied to take over. Music started playing, and it was a few seconds before Mitchell visibly reacted, just confusion at first as it obviously wasn't the music he had been expecting. Rather than the track from the original slideshow, Leo had replaced it with something a little more fitting, something he'd dug up from the twenty-first century. The loud vocals kicked in just as the video did and the assembly hall descended into stunned silence as the garish voice boomed out over the equally abrasive guitar line. You! I want to take you to a gay bar. Mitchell blanched. He leant in to one of his minions and obviously ordered them to shut off the sound system. The man spoke briefly into a communicator but the music only grew louder as holographic shirtless men danced around the stage provocatively, all grinning as they did so as though they had been pre-programmed to sense Mitchell's discomfort and find it highly amusing. I want to take you to the gay bar, I want to take you to the gay bar! Mitchell was quickly progressing through emotions. He'd gone from shocked, to angry and confused, to downright murderous. Gay bar, gay bar, Woooow! Leo felt an elbow jab him in the side and turned to see Chris and David fighting to keep their laughter in check, Molly had tears running down her face, powerless to stop herself. The rest of the assembly seemed to be laughing too now, nobody could help it. The sixty second clip finally stopped and there was a short pause where the room fell silent again, every cadet terrified to be seen laughing by the incredibly enraged admiral. Even the other admirals standing at the back of the stage looked amused, Leo noticed gleefully. And five, four, three, two, one… A small pop sounded above the assembly hall and confetti rained down from above, the confetti cannon having been triggered remotely. At first it just looked like pink, but Mitchell's rage seemed to crank up a notch when he noticed what the small pink blobs actually were. "Penis confetti!" Joanna squealed, unable to hold back her laughter as the hall descended into chaos once again. Chris caught Leo's eye. This was you, wasn't it? Leo smirked and shrugged, turning away. He wanted Chris to have plausible deniability in case he was somehow questioned on it. After a few more seconds the fun was over. "SILENCE!" Mitchell roared into the microphone and every single cadet ceased speaking and laughing immediately. "When I find out who is responsible for this, you will not only be expelled from this academy, I will personally ensure that your life will not be worth living!" he roared, storming from the stage. His departure would have been more dramatic, Leo thought, had Mitchell not had several pieces of the phallic confetti in his hair and on his shoulders. A quiet hum of chatter slowly crept back into the assembly hall until Admiral Bennett stepped up. "All cadets dismissed. And whoever is responsible for this, I don't suggest you come forward if you want to keep your head attached to your shoulders," he warned, turning and leaving through the same door as Mitchell. The assembly started to file out noisily, everyone still laughing and in awe of whoever the prankster was. Nobody had ever done anything like this in Starfleet's history, and whoever it was would surely be stuff of legend for years to come. "-and then the confetti! Jesus, he looked so pissed!" "- The holograms were hilarious! I swear one of them did a few hip-thrusts right at the Admiral!" Leo smirked to himself as he caught snippets of conversation on the way out. He was careful not to walk out with Chris or David, keeping his distance from Molly too, he knew the surveillance around campus would likely be looking for the culprit and any suspicious behaviour would be enough to get him questioned. "That was quite the stunt," a calm voice said close behind him, making him jump and look back. "Don't sneak up on a man like that," he sighed at Spock, slowing down to walk beside him as they descended the stairs at the front of the main building. "Wasn't me," Leo shrugged. Spock gave him a knowing smirk. "Ok. What gave it away?" he asked and Spock smirked wider, almost more than Leo had ever seen. "You are very protective of your brother," Spock commented casually. "Not really, I just don't like people thinking they can tell people who they can and can't be. And yeah… the guy's an asshat, he deserved worse," Leo mumbled and Spock nodded. "Indeed he does, however, I believe that to be an acceptable starting point," he commented and Leo raised an eyebrow. "Are you… you hate him too? Why?" Leo asked and Spock's face fell back into his usual neutral expression, though there was still a twinkle in his dark eyes. "Because as you so rightly said, he is an 'ass… hat'," Spock trailed off and Leo spluttered with laughter. "Did you actually just say that?!" Leo demanded. Spock gave one nod and Leo burst into uncontrollable laughter, wrapping his arms around Spock tightly. Spock seemed taken aback by the affection but allowed it all the same. "Oh dear, got a disk on your shoulder there," Leo laughed harder, flicking the piece of pink tissue paper to the floor and still holding his father in a tight hug until he felt Spock's arms close around him in return. They stood that way for a few moments until Leo calmed down. "You may have just made my year," Leo smirked as they pulled away. "It is enjoyable to see you so amused, though I do not believe your reaction is quite-" "Leo!" Chris bounded over, smirk still on his face, eyes shining with happiness and obscene pink confetti everywhere. "Shh. Later, ok?" Leo said quickly and Chris nodded. "I wanted to speak with you both. I was hoping you would agree to join me for a meal tomorrow evening?" Spock asked and Leo checked his mental schedule. He was busy… had two classes. "Sure, yeah, sure," he answered quickly, telling his brain to shut up. He'd barely spoken to Spock for months and seeing him felt incredibly good, especially to see him looking vaguely like his old self and like he still had a personality and sense of humour. "Uh… David doesn't go back until the day after, we were kinda hoping to-" "He is also welcome to join us, I would not wish to exclude him," Spock offered and Chris nodded. "I'll ask, sure," Chris answered brightly. "Your sister has already agreed she will be attending. It will be… nice for us to all be together," he said, sounding a little forced but genuine all the same. "Yeah, that'll be good. I'll let you know by this evening," Chris answered quickly as Spock's communicator chirped. He glanced at it. "Unsurprisingly, Admiral Mitchell has called a staff meeting of Academy board members to try and locate the culprit of today's incident. I must attend. I hope to be seeing you both tomorrow," he said, turning and leaving quickly. Chris let out a low whistle. "Whatever that guy has been smoking, I need to get my hands on some," he said and Leo sighed. "Yeah… that was… weird. He seemed… weird. Think you and David will go?" Leo asked and Chris shrugged. "I think so. I mean, yeah, can't really say no I guess," he said and Leo nodded in agreement. "Today was uh… fairly epic," Chris commented and Leo shrugged. "Don't know what you're talking about," he smirked as he turned to walk away. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* The house smelled amazing when Leo arrived. Seren was already there, helping Spock in the kitchen and he kicked off his boots by the front door, still in his reds. He undid his jacket and hung it up, noticing that Jim's jacket, which had hung there since the day he died, was now finally nowhere to be seen. He closed his eyes for a second, pushing his thoughts of Jim away, pushing the pain down, burying it deep and composing himself. "Smells incredible Spock," he complimented as he padded into the kitchen. Seren met him in the doorway and glanced down at his feet first of all. "Your socks do not match," she commented and he wiggled his toes, looking down and finding one plain black sock, the other patterned with cartoon tribbles. "Uh… guess not?" he said, smiling when she did as she hugged him warmly. "It's been a long time since I've seen you," she sighed and he nodded. "Too long. How's everything going?" he asked but was interrupted by Chris and David arriving. David seemed a little awkward, but Chris seemed content in his presence and that slowly filtered through until they were both settled. Spock had truly outdone himself with their meal. Three courses, all of Vulcan dishes they'd eaten during their childhood. David was struggling and Chris was clearly amused by it. "Not nice?" he offered and David shook his head. "It's all delicious, Mr Spock, thank you," he said formally and Leo laughed, getting up and going over to the fridge, returning with a bottle of ketchup. "This makes it better," he offered the bottle to David and Chris nodded. "I see that your eating habits have not changed since you were nine years old Leo," Spock pointed out, but there was nothing scathing in his tone, he sounded… light-hearted, friendly. "I eat better now, just this sauce can taste kind of bitter if you aren't used to it. The ketchup just brings out the flavours properly," he protested and Chris snorted. "Masks the flavours you mean?" "Boys," Seren warned and both twins obediently fell silent. "I will not be offended if you choose to add a condiment to your meal. Jim often would, and I believe ketchup was initially his idea paired with this particular dish," Spock said to David who nodded and added some of the red sauce, going back to his food and seeming to find it a little easier now. "So, Seren, I asked earlier… but how's everything going? With your trials?" Leo asked and Seren took a sip of her drink. "Everything is proceeding well. I currently have twenty five couples, so fifty candidates at present," she answered and Leo nodded with interest. "Would you mind explaining the whole process? How this all goes? I mean… so long as it's appropriate for the dinner table that is," David offered. Leo smirked down at his plate as he picked up the very thinly veiled personal interest there and couldn't help but taunt his twin mentally through their link. David totally wants your babies Chris. Leo winced as his brothers foot collided with his shin under the table, hard. "The way that it works," Seren said, pausing to glare at her brothers as she noticed the kick. "At the moment I'm only accepting couples for trial where both partners would be willing to carry, just to give twice the chance of a success. I assess both men, determine the better candidate through a variety of factors-" "How do you pick?" David pressed and Leo smirked at Chris who glared at him. "A few tests. Medical suitability, medical history, genetic conditions, general health and fitness, and build… things like wider hips are better so the uterus doesn't cause so many problems as it expands. Anyway. Once I've determined who the better carrier would be, I use cloned muscle tissue to create the uterus surgically and implant it. It settles for eight to twelve weeks and in the meantime, I take genetic material from both parents and create a selection of embryos. Sometimes only one will be viable, so I will normally try to create up to ten. The best chance is chosen and implanted via keyhole surgery, and then we wait and see. We can usually determine a positive implantation after around a week, then we monitor carefully throughout the pregnancy, and with any luck, nine months later… voila!" she finished with a grin and Leo couldn't help himself. "So, Ser, David or Chris?" he offered and she looked confused for a moment. "Leo, shut u-" "David," she blurted quickly. "Chris. Sorry. You uh… wouldn't be a viable candidate. If you guys wanted to do this, it would have to be David," she explained quickly and Chris forced a laugh that couldn't have sounded much more fake if he'd tried. "We wouldn't be looking at anything like that," Chris answered bluntly. "Right now," David butted in and Chris gave him a look. Leo felt strangely pleased with himself that he'd caused them to argue. A part of him was horrified, but a part of him was enjoying watching the tension build between them, wondering who was going to blow up first. He could feel Spock's eyes on him now, burning into the side of his head but he didn't look. "We should talk about this another time," Chris said quietly and David looked hurt. "I require assistance in the kitchen. Leo," Spock ordered, getting to his feet and walking off in the direction of the kitchen. Leo followed him, feeling three sets of eyes watching his progress into the next room. Spock slid the door closed and then he knew he was in trouble. "I am unsure what is happening to you," Spock said bluntly and Leo frowned. "What are you-" "You just caused Christopher and David to argue about a very personal matter. It is none of your concern if they were to choose to-" "I was joking Spock. Jesus, what did your new-found sense of humour only last two days?" he muttered and Spock stepped closer. "Your behaviour is disturbing. I have been keeping track of you recently and I am concerned about you," Spock, voice softening. Leo closed his eyes for a moment, pushing down the part of him that wanted to yell and scream and lose control. "I'm fine, Spock," he mumbled. "You are not. I kept telling myself that I was… fine. I was not. I have finally sought the help I needed. I believe you should too," he said and Leo looked up and met his eye. "You saw that grief counsellor?" "I did. He was… actually very helpful. I believe he could help you," Spock offered and Leo broke their eye contact, looking back at the floor. "I don't know if anybody can help me," Leo muttered quietly and Spock had an eyebrow raised when he glanced back up, but he couldn't be certain if he heard what he had said. "Anyway, let's go back. I have big news myself!" he said enthusiastically, rushing Spock from the room and going back to the table where the atmosphere was now not nearly as relaxed. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* FIVE MONTHS LATER It had been a turbulent few months for everybody. Doctor McCoy had managed to prove he hadn't been the one to leak Leo's medical records to the media so he was off the hook, though he got the impression someone still wanted him out of a job. Chris and David were struggling through barely seeing each other, desperately waiting for David's graduation in a few short weeks so he could finally come home. Seren was continuing to build her project, and was about ready to set up her own dedicated clinic. She knew she wanted to do it, she just needed backing and funding, something she was readying herself to go in search of. Spock hadn't tried to press things with Leo since the awkward incident at dinner, and Leo had been so busy since then that he'd barely seen him at all. He was trying to cram as many credits into one term as possible, wanting to really prove himself by not only graduating early, but with nearly as many credits as people who'd spent three whole years at the academy. "I can see why you've been putting this off!" Leo yelled over the roar of air rushing in through the now open door of the shuttle. David nodded. He was deathly pale and terrified. Leo knew he just needed to help him any way he could. "It'll be ok man, all over in a few seconds," he said, clapping him on the shoulder warmly. David shook his head, rushing off to empty his stomach into the designated bucket. A lot of cadets found this the most difficult part of graduating. Leo could understand why as he looked out from forty-thousand feet above the Earth. Leaping out of the shuttle was pretty low on his list of wants right now. It was his final requirement to be finished with the academy in just one year, as per Mitchell's offer. He was graduating early and taking the job working directly for Scotty. There hadn't been a jump taking place in San Fran in time for his graduation, so he'd signed up for the London one, and by chance ended up on the same shuttle as his twin's terrified bondmate. "Cadets, take your mark please," the instructor ordered. David was more towards the front of the line than Leo, and Leo tried to catch his eye once more before they jumped, but he couldn't, David was staring at the floor, trying to get himself into the zone and ready to prove himself. There were four cadets between them, and two in front of David. "Set. Begin!" the instructor ordered and the first cadet jumped without hesitation, cadet number two moving forwards to take his place in the shuttle doorway. He too jumped when ordered, turning backwards and folding his arms across his chest before tumbling out of sight. David stepped up. Come on David. This is the last hurdle now and then you've done it. He too turned backwards, and Leo could see the terror hiding behind the mask of calm on his face. At the order he took a large step backwards, vanishing from sight immediately. Leo breathed a small sigh of relief, he'd been worried David would freeze up and not jump – an instant fail. Now he was out of the shuttle, there wasn't really anything he could do wrong. The cadets in front of him each took their turn and when there was only one remaining, Leo felt the beginnings of nervousness rising in himself. He closed his eyes and felt better. If he couldn't see the Earth rushing up to greet him, he wouldn't be scared. "Look's like someone lost their chute!" the instructor suddenly yelled. "Everybody stay where you are!" he ordered. Leo felt a jolt of fear – someone lost their parachute? They were falling to certain death without it. He looked out of the door as far as he could, looking at the tiny dots below that were his fellow cadets – one of them David. He almost fell to his knees as Chris burst into his mind. They'd never used their link over such a distance, but desperation was clearly the drive for it. David's falling without a chute. Leo. Please. Help him! Without a moment's hesitation he pushed aside the cadets now standing at the doorway, ignoring the instructors orders to not do what he was about to do. Without looking back he closed his eyes and leapt as far as he could away from the shuttle, startled by how quickly he began to fall and the almost painful jolt his body took from the acceleration. He fought to stop his head from whipping back, his limbs from flailing everywhere. He quickly reassured Chris through their link – ignoring the sharp pain in his head emanating from where their link was. The instructor stopped everyone else when he saw the lost chute – but I'm after him. I'll need you to help me find him – I should catch up pretty quickly. He did his best to slow himself, and activated his visor, his altitude and speed flashing up in the corner. He was heavier than David so his terminal velocity would be higher, and he needed enough time to plan what he was going to do. His own parachute was only rated for his own weight – it certainly wouldn't tolerate being overloaded by so much extra as another person. Leo smiled as his viewscreen finally activated – little coloured crosshairs marking the position of his comrades below him, falling much more slowly with their open parachute. He became vaguely aware of people yelling at him over the com-piece in his ear, but he ignored it, waiting to spot David's symbol on the screen. Chris – warn David that this is going to hurt, I'm coming in really fast. He approached quickly and smashed into the younger man, latching onto him with all of his limbs so they didn't get separated. He could immediately feel nothing but paralysing terror that he knew wasn't his own and it took him a moment to come to his senses and get his hand onto David's face, channelling his own thoughts into his mind. Keep calm for me, ok? I have a plan. David seemed to relax a little, wrapping his own legs and arms around Leo and hanging on like a limpet. Leo glanced down and could see the wires that had been holding David's parachute dangling uselessly from the pack on his back. The edges of them looked frayed and he did his best to push down the anger he felt beginning to bubble up. Someone had done this deliberately. What's your plan here Leo because you need to open your chute! Leo glanced at his face, fear like nothing he'd ever seen before in David's eyes. Not yet. They were falling so quickly now, their combined weight increasing their terminal velocity to an almost unbearable speed. The viewscreen altitude in the top corner of his vision was bothering Leo. He didn't have enough time to think up a plan 'b', so he'd have to go with plan a. Listen – I'm going to pull my chute at about a hundred metres, maybe two hundred. I'll use it to slow us down a little, and steer us into something soft – but then it's going to break and we'll be on our own. You need to brace yourself ok? This is probably going to hurt. "McCoy to Armstrong shuttle! Falling without a chute – can you beam us up?" David yelled over the roar of the air. From the look on his face Leo could tell he'd had a negative response. "Trust me, you'll be fine!" Leo yelled back to him, scanning the rapidly approaching ground for a 'soft' landing point. He wanted water ideally. That way he could make sure he hit first, break the surface tension, and save David. He couldn't be certain of what would happen to himself. Chris I've got him, ok? David's safe, he's going to be fine. I won't let anything happen to him. Leo continued to search for a body of water, the ground drawing ever closer. The altimeter was now reading less than eight thousand metres and he spotted a wide river winding lazily through the countryside below. "There!" Leo shouted, pointing out the water to David who turned his head as best he could to try and see. They waited the agonising few seconds to get close enough – Leo an unwilling witness to all the information streaming through David's mind and into Chris's. It was like he had temporarily joined their bond – he could hear and feel everything and it made him somehow more uncomfortable than the falling to Earth without a chute situation did. He watched the number tick down, the ground seeming almost unbearably close now. He had low altitude warnings from almost every piece of equipment – the comm. piece in his ear now also warning him – "Low altitude – abort." "Hang on," Leo muttered, he didn't know if it was to himself or David. He counted three more seconds and then took a deep breath, pulling his own parachute and hanging on to David tightly as they decelerated rapidly, almost being torn apart by the force. Leo counted ten seconds before the chute failed. It was longer than he'd been expecting, but far from ideal. He flipped them at the last moment, so his back was facing the water below and used his last chance to send David some reassuring thoughts before he grabbed him tightly, wrapping his arms around his torso and doing his best to make sure he'd be protected from the impact by his own body. His feet hit first and it was worse than he had expected, almost like hitting concrete. He was certain he felt his leg break, the water rushing around him, the thud he'd made when he'd hit resonating in his ears which were now starting to ring. He was sinking but couldn't move to push himself up to the surface, aware of David no longer being wrapped in his arms. There was a dizzying few seconds before Leo was aware of being grabbed and dragged upwards. The air hit his face again but he didn't know how to breathe, head lolling back uselessly. He couldn't decide where it hurt the most, white hot agony surging through his body. His back and leg were certainly strong contenders. The sky was above him now, and he could feel grass under his hands. "T-this is McCoy, I need emergency medical help right now to my location! My chute failed and Kirk… just, send someone!" Leo felt a warm sense of relief that David was alive and well enough to be asking for help, but the ringing in his ears was getting worse. "Leo? You hear me ok?" David asked nervously, his face coming into view, blurry around the edges. He couldn't move, he couldn't breathe, he just stared upwards blankly, still not having taken a breath since the moment of impact. His eyes started to roll back and he was aware of David's hands on his chest, pushing down hard and making him cough up a lungful of dirty river water. The world was narrowing, darkness seeping in at the edged of his vision. In desperation, David forced his mouth against his and pinched his nose closed, pushing air forcibly into his lungs which he coughed and spluttered at, head feeling a little clearer. "Leo?" Leo mumbled something he wasn't even certain the meaning of and moved his arm, trying to get it to his head which was swimming. "Just stay still buddy, help is on the way. Jesus… Leo you shouldn't have done that for me," he stammered. "Pro'ly not," Leo admitted weakly, coughing hard again, trying to get all the water out of his lungs so he could take a proper breath. He tried to move again and David placed his hand flat on his chest, holding him still. "You need to stay still, you're hurt," he said quietly. "It'll be ok, they won't be far away," he assured, looking far from certain. After another few agonisingly long minutes David was looking around anxiously, having commed for help from Starfleet twice more. He also called the normal emergency med help, and felt massively relieved when he could hear a siren in the distance. They seemed to be out in the countryside, nobody was really around and David was getting more and more nervous. "Dav-" Leo started, getting cut off as he had to cough again, dark green blood bubbling from his mouth this time. "Shit, just keep calm, they're coming, I can hear them coming. Just keep your airway clear, try not to move your lower body if you can help it ok?" he said gently, helping Leo turn his head to the side so he could spit out the blood preventing him from breathing properly. "A'you'urt?" Leo struggled to force out. David patted himself down. "Bruises. I'm fine Leo… you saved my life. But we need to make sure you're ok, that's the important thing now, just keep still and stay with me," he said and Leo whimpered in pain uncharacteristically. David offered him his hand and he accepted it, trembling fingers barely able to close their grip. The sirens drew nearer and louder before stopping, David leaving Leo's side for just a moment and running up the riverbank to the road to meet the ambulance before leading them back to Leo who was fighting to keep himself conscious. "What's your friends name?" they were asking. David told them as he was practically dragged away by another paramedic trying to get a look at him. "Leo? You hear me?" the man asked, crouching at his side. Leo made an affirmative sound. "I'm going to give you a shot ok? It's a painkiller, should make you a lot more comfortable. The hover-am is coming to pick you up, got to get you to the hospital quickly." "N-shot," Leo struggled out. "Can you say again?" the medic asked, his colleague joining him now, muttering to him as she looked Leo over, tricorder in hand whirring frantically. "Broken femur, tibia, fibula, his right foot… sixteen broken bones. Broken vertebrae in all regions of the spine, ribs-" "No shot," Leo hissed out, the edges of his vision becoming white. He grabbed at the patch on the front of his uniform with his name, pointing to it. "Allergies," he bit out. "Get me his medical history, right now!" "Leo you're being very brave, but we need to move you and it's going to cause you pain so we need to give you something for it." Leo blinked up at the blue sky, David's face coming back into view above him. "Xaltharium, right, that's the one you can have?" David offered and Leo gave a tiny nod. "He's allergic to about a billion things so you need to be careful. Call Starfleet medical, get them to send-" There was a loud hum of a transporter beam and David looked up, his face turning into a weak smile. "You're gonna be ok Leo, they sent the cavalry," David assured, his hand a comforting presence on Leo's forearm. Leo could have cried with relief as Bones' face came into view. "Jesus kid, you're gonna be the death of me," he grumbled, taking over from the attending paramedic. Knowing he'd be safe in Bones' hands, Leo finally allowed the strong pull of unconsciousness take him. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "He's not gonna be awake for a while, but damn that was too fucking close," Bones muttered, running his hands through his hair tiredly. He wished his days work was done now, he wished he wasn't going to have to disclose what he'd found as he was doing his best to patch up Leo's injuries from the impact. If Leo had been human he'd be dead. If he'd have been Vulcan, Bones was pretty sure he'd also be dead. It was his uninhibited blood that had saved him, the strength in his body and the ability to heal himself. "He's going to be ok?" Chris asked quietly. "Sit down kid," Bones ordered. They were alone in his office, Leo having been transferred back to San Francisco from England at Bones' request. Spock, Seren and David were waiting outside Leo's room until the nurses allowed visitors, Emily on her way to the hospital. "His injuries from today were very severe. He broke his leg in five places, smashed almost every bone in his foot, broke his back, his ribs, punctured and collapsed lung… not to mention all the bruising to almost his entire body. I… you don't need me to tell you how close this was," he said gravely and Chris nodded. "I feel like there's a 'but' coming," Chris said uncertainly and the doctor sighed, pulling up scan image on his PADD before turning it around to show Chris, magnifying the image over a certain point in Leo's abdomen. "I spotted this," he said, pointing out the round grey area on the scan. It was reasonably small, around the size of a pear and looked inconspicuous enough to Chris' untrained eye. "What is it?" Chris asked nervously. "It's a mass that shouldn't be there. I need to do a biopsy to confirm," Bones said slowly and Chris closed his eyes for a second, drawing his knees up, feet on the chair, hugging his knees to his chest. "The cancer's back?" Bones looked miserable and his expression said it all. "At this point I can't say, but this doesn't look like anything good." *~*~*~*~*A/N Don't forget to review :)
A/N Guess who's back? Back again? Not shady. Me. Haha, I'm hilarious. Sorry this has taken so long. My stupid medical condition cost me my job, partner, and home, so i've been dealing with all of those delights. BUT - my personal crap aside, I'm so happy to get this chapter out because it's the start of the end, the pace is really going to pick up now and we're heading towards the ending. Apologies if the writing seems a little... poor in places. I've done my best. As ever, your reviews mean the world to me, so if you have a second to spare, please leave me one. Also, maybe read back a chapter or two because it's all been so long now. Hope you enjoy the chapter! *~*~*~*~*Happy Reading*~*~*~* Chapter Thirty "How is he?" Carol asked worriedly the second Leonard got through the door. "David or Leo?" he asked and she continued to advance on him. "Both of them." "David is fine… bruised sure and a minor concussion, but he's fine, I checked him over five times because I just couldn't compute that he could be ok after that… Chris took him back to his place, he got pretty upset so I think they need some time to just… get their heads around today," he said flatly and she nodded, pressing silently for further answers. "Leo is alive. He's… well. He's in bad shape, but he'll be ok. His blood is keeping him alive, without it he definitely wouldn't still be here," he said glumly and she looked confused. He closed his eyes and forced himself to say it. "We found a mass in his abdomen." She took a breath and held it for a few seconds before she asked her next question. "And when are you going to remove it?" she asked and he gave her a weak smile. She knew him so well, knew that he'd help Leo immediately. "Need to talk to him first… and right now he's not talking to anybody. Going to be sedated the next forty-eight hours at least while we watch him. I should-"he trailed off and made a vague hand gesture that he hoped she would interpret as 'I need to sleep because I've been awake for over thirty hours and if I don't sleep I may pass out in the hallway'. He grimaced as he noticed he had splotches of green blood on his uniform. "Get out of this, come on," she ordered, tugging at the bottom of the stained shirt. He was too weak and tired to argue. He shucked his clothes and allowed Carol to take them away before she was pushing him towards the bathroom, fetching him a clean towel and beginning to fill the tub with hot water. The hot bath felt like heaven, and he could feel himself drifting off to sleep until a gentle hand took his and he blinked back to reality. "Hm?" "I didn't say anything," Carol smiled. "But I did have this for you," she offered a glass tumbler to him, it contained two fingers of golden-brown liquid on ice. He accepted gratefully, kissing her hand before she could take it away. "You should join me. Room for two in here," he offered and she gave a weak smile. "I should try and talk to David, make sure he's ok. If I can't get hold of him I'll be right back though?" she said and he nodded, sipping him his drink and savouring the warmth as it ran slowly down his throat. He'd been thinking about calling David himself, knowing he was badly shaken up. He was sure Chris could handle it, but sometimes he forgot how young his son still was and that he'd probably benefit from parental support right now. He was just worried his protectiveness would come across too strongly and the last thing he wanted to do was freak his son out any more after his traumatic brush with death. Carol returning a few minutes later answered his wonderings. "Chris picked up his comm… he said David was asleep, that he'd been pretty upset and then passed out. He's going to leave him a while and then wake him up and make sure that he's feeling ok. Anything off and he'll let one of us know," she said and Bones nodded tiredly. "Still room for one more in there?" she asked and he smiled faintly. "Always for you darlin'." She stripped of her clothing and carefully lowered into the bath, settling sat between his legs and reclining back against his chest, his arms around her holding her tight. "Today was deliberate. Scotty commed me while you were still at the hospital when I was at work. He took a look at David's parachute pack; said it looked like someone cut it on purpose when it was being packed. It was damaged enough that when he pulled it, it just failed immediately," she said and he let out a low affirmative sound. "It was Mitchell," he said bluntly and she tensed. "You think?" "I pretty much know it." She was silent for a while before she spoke up again, and what she said wasn't what he expected. "How can we prove it?" He thought for a moment. "Don't know if we can. We'll just have to wait for Scotty to publish an engineering report saying that the chute was tampered with and then see if we can find a way to link Mitchell to it. It's unlikely though. Bastards good at covering his tracks," he muttered, reaching for his drink and taking another sip. "I'm good at digging. I'll see what I can find," she said determinedly and he smiled, kissing the side of her head. He knew that their son's life being threatened had shaken her almost as much as it had shaken him, but he also knew she wasn't going to show that worry easily, just as he wasn't. "David can take care of himself, you know that right?" he said and she let her head fall back onto his shoulder. "I know. And I know Chris will look out for him too, but I can't help being worried." ~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Chris was a mess. His emotions were spiralling wildly, and as much as he tried, he just couldn't seem to reign them in. David had almost died, and now Leo's life was in danger again. He couldn't lose either of them. David was asleep on the couch, his head resting on Chris' thigh, still in his dirty uniform from today though Chris had at least convinced him to take his still-damp boots off. As he slept his bondmate ran a hand through his hair, trying not to think about what would have happened if today had gone differently. I love you so much. Can't ever lose you. David stirred a little and stretched, letting out a low groan as he woke. "How long was I out?" he asked groggily and Chris glanced at the time. "Not long. Less than an hour," he answered flatly. David stretched a little more and then sat up. "I should take a shower," he pointed out and Chris shrugged. "You only kind of stink." David shoved him playfully. "Asshole." He stood up and walked to the bathroom and Chris heard the water start running, David then peeked around the doorway. "You coming with?" He looked hopeful, still maybe a little scared from earlier and Chris nodded. He stood up to follow and his communicator chirped. He fumbled for it in his pocket, so tired his fingers were shaking a little. He had a message from Emily. He was awake for a little bit. Gave me a thumbs up and then passed back out. I'll sit with him tonight. I hope you and David are ok x He closed his eyes momentarily. Nobody else knew what Bones had told him in his office, and he knew that if Emily did she'd be worried sick, even more worried than she already was. Sometimes Chris wondered why she put up with Leo's behaviour. He'd been acting strange the last six months in particular, and treated her far from the way Chris imaged he would. He'd disappear for days at a time, buried in some project at the Academy and only sleeping one night a week as he was taking so many classes. They barely even saw each other and when they did it seemed to end in arguments more often than not. Deciding he'd been standing still entirely too long, he put the communicator down on the table and headed for the bathroom. David had his back to him as he entered the room and he removed his clothes, opening the shower door to get in and startling him into turning around. "Shh, come here," he said softly. David was crying uncontrollably again. He joined him under the spray and held him tightly as he sobbed. It's OK. You're safe. He reassured him as much as he could through their bond, trying to only let positive emotions pass through. "Thought I was never going to see you again," David mumbled, burying his face into Chris' shoulder. "You think I'd let you get away so easily?" he asked lightly and David looked up, steely blue eyes bloodshot from being upset. "If I'd been there I'd have jumped after you," he said and David chuckled. "Your parachute probably would have been cut too. This is getting really out of control… Don't know if I want to do it anymore," he trailed off, barely above a whisper. "The Academy?" David nodded. Chris pulled him closer, wrapping his arms around him tightly as he fought back his own tears, the weight of the days events becoming too much. Don't give up now. It's not even a month until you graduate. David held him desperately, as though he was the only thing keeping him alive, the only thing keeping him rooted in reality. But when I do graduate… he'll still be able to get me. Or get you. I don't want anything to happen. Chris gently pried David off him and far enough back that he could look into his eyes. "I promise you, I won't let anybody hurt you, ok?" David nodded, sniffling and looking down. "Hey, look at me?" Chris offered gently, tears in his own eyes now. "I love you. I'm not going to let anybody hurt you, and if that means I throw Mitchell out of an airlock myself, so be it," he said and David smiled faintly. "I mean it, ok? I love you. Really I-" Chris was cut off as David covered his lips with his own, kissing him tenderly. Chris could feel nervousness through the bond and it made him curious, what did David have to feel nervous about? This wasn't about Mitchell – it was new, a feeling that had appeared after Chris had reassured him. "You ok?" Chris mumbled between kisses and David pulled back, he seemed unsure of himself and backed away a little further under the hot spray of the shower, Chris followed. "I… I don't know. I have to tell you something," he said hesitantly. Chris didn't say anything, just waited for David to speak up. "I… these past few months being away from you in London… I've been pretty miserable," he began and Chris nodded, taking his hand and giving it a reassuring squeeze. "But I've been doing a lot of thinking and I… well… I want to quit the academy so I can… so we can…" he trailed off and looked down, not wanted to meet Chris' eye. He already knew the answer. As soon as he'd started talking Chris knew where it was going. "You want us to have a baby," he finished and David looked up, looking like a rabbit caught in headlights. "I'm not mad. We can talk about it," Chris encouraged and David seemed to relax a little. "I… yeah. I think about it a lot. I'll do it. I mean… the carrying part. I just… especially with today. Life is short, you know?" he said and Chris smirked. "Today has really rattled you." "It has but I was thinking about it before. I mean don't you ever think about it?" he asked and Chris thought for a second. He'd thought about it of course, but more as something in the distant future, not something to do before they'd even finished the Academy. He could picture them with a family, maybe two or three kids. Both of them ridiculously happy. "I have thought about it. I really like the idea, especially of me not having to do any of the hard work," he grinned and David shoved him playfully. "I just think we should talk about it properly when you didn't almost just fall to your messy death," he pointed out and David nodded. "Ok. Yeah. I can do that. Sorry, I'm freaking out. And I'm freaking out about Leo," he admitted and Chris sighed. "I'm freaking out about him too… but hey, if we're going to talk about my brother, not in the shower huh?" David nodded and they got out of the shower, both drying off before curling into bed together. "Why babies all of a sudden?" Chris asked and David glanced up from where he had his head resting on his bondmates shoulder. "I don't know. Honestly, I don't know. I think knowing that Seren is getting a good success rate and that it's possible is something to do with it. But I think the other part of it is wanting to… I don't know. I don't know how to put it," David trailed off awkwardly and Chris kissed the top of his head. "Get some sleep," he ordered as David yawned. It didn't take him long before he was out for the count, snoring slightly from the awkward angle of his head on Chris' shoulder, arms wrapped around him tightly. Chris sighed. He needed to pee, but there was no way he'd be able to get up now without waking David, unless of course he was very sneaky about it. He gently placed his fingers at his psi points and used the deeper connection to help keep him from waking as he carefully freed himself from the bed and crept to the bathroom. Afterwards he flung himself down on the couch, picking up his communicator so he could give Seren a call to discuss Leo's condition and what might be his next move if the mysterious mass in his abdomen turned out to not be friendly. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* When he met his son the following morning, Leonard noted he looked exhausted, but less shaken than the previous day. "C'mere kid," he said, grabbing him and hugging him tightly. David didn't even try to fight him off as he normally would, but hugged him back briefly before stepping backwards. He had some bruising coming up on his neck and one side of his face but he shrugged it off as nothing when he tried to ask about it. "Where we meeting him?" David asked as Leonard looked around the busy street. Scotty had asked to meet them here rather than in engineering and it had all seemed a bit strange. "Uh… here, I think," he said uncertainly. They waited a few more minutes before David spoke up again. "Leo doing ok?" Leonard sighed. "I haven't actually seen him today – but I've not had any news to suggest he isn't doing ok," he said distantly. He was really worried for the kid and didn't want to show it, unfortunately his son knew how to read him too well. "I'm worried too. Feeling pretty guilty about the whole reason he's in the hospital being my fault," he said, scratching the back of his head and looking at the ground. "He needed to be there anyway. Damn idiot should have kept up with his check-ups like I told him-" He stopped speaking as his communicator sounded and he pulled it from his pocket. "Huh, that's weird," he said, looking at the screen. The incoming caller was withholding their frequency information. "Hello?" he asked cautiously, flipping the device open. "Look across the street, the Irish Pub, come inside and we're sitting at the very back," a voice he recognised as Molly Scott told him before the transmission cut off. "Apparently we're doing a covert meeting today," he shrugged as he and David crossed the street before heading into the bar. He didn't miss the way David practically flinched as they walked in. He'd quit his bartending job that he'd been using to make some extra money as he knew it bothered Chris that he spent all night around booze. As far as he understood it, Chris had never directly asked him to stop drinking or to stop the job, but David had done it as he knew it was better for them both. The Irish Pub was almost completely empty as it was the morning, the jukebox singing out a lonely old song to the few occupants sitting at the bar or at one of the tables. "Go find them. I need a drink," David muttered and his father nodded, heading off towards the back as Molly had said as David diverted course and went up to the bar. He ordered a double shot of Jack and a Budweiser classic. Obviously assuming the drinks were for two people the bartender offered to bring them to the table and David had shaken his head. "To be honest man, I don't think they're even going to make it as far as the table," he admitted as he threw back the shot, setting the empty glass down on the bar and picking up the beer, taking a swig to chase the burn of the Jack away. He paid up and wandered over towards the back to find the table to notice three people sitting talking quietly, a fourth chair vacant for himself. He met Scotty's eye and nodded in acknowledgment, walking over and sliding into the seat, taking another gulp from his bottle and ignoring the sideways glance from his father. "So… as I was jus' sayin'… the pack was most certainly tampered with. In my inspection I found somethin' interesting… because you see those cables cannae break very easily," he picked up his PADD from the table and handed it to David who looked at it before frowning. "So… we're talking a really unusual blade cut the cables?" he said and Scotty nodded. On the PADD was a short list of items sharp enough to partially cut through the reinforced cables used for the parachutes. "All items that a Starfleet Admiral would have easy access to in one of the many rooms full of this sort of stuff…" Leonard muttered before trailing off. "It isn't just that," Molly interrupted. "I was doing some uh… homework… and I heard something I shouldn't have heard. The voices had been disguised but I was able to partially recover them – it's a transmission from Mitchell's office itself. This was… encoded and like I said, the voices were disguised, so whoever this is really didn't want to be overheard," she said shakily. She looked almost like she didn't want to hand over the PADD with the audio clip but her father gave her a sideways look and an encouraging nod and she placed it in David's outstretched hand. "I take it this is something bad?" he asked and Scotty nodded, glancing around. "Yer not gonna like it," he said and David sipped his beer again before hitting the play button. "-not going to go away on it's own." "Well that's what I'm asking, I'm asking you to make this problem go away. I can't have them running around causing trouble. Who knows when one of them might flip and smash up half a city or something? Commandeer a starship and crash it into the planet? They are dangerous and unstable. Particularly the older one." There was a pause and David looked up but Scotty wouldn't meet his eye. "Just wait a second, it kind of goes a bit weird then carries on," Molly mumbled quietly. "He has great potential. But he is not one of us. He's not a human or a Vulcan or an augment. He's something in between. They all are. They could be valuable – we don't even know the extent of their abilities-" "Their ability to be a major problem for this city and this planet is my only concern right now. You said none of them accepted more inhibitor?" "To my knowledge. Maybe the girl but certainly neither of the boys." "She's causing me a whole different headache right now. Listen. We need to make this issue go away. One of them trusts me, the other doesn't. The one that doesn't – I need you to make him go away." David did his best not to react to that statement. Next to him his father was tense and anger was positively radiating off him, but he too was doing his best to contain his reaction. "That is not an easy task. You should consider playing the cards you have on the table, maybe the problem will sort itself out." "I see. He's still unstable enough?" "He goes to his pathetic little pity circle once a week at least, sometimes twice or more. The boyfriend is keeping him together from what I can tell. They think they're being clever about it, but you haven't kept them apart – they see each other regularly. They seem to be using some sort of unauthorised transporter device, bouncing all over the planet." "What if I made the thing keeping him together go away. Think then maybe the problem would work itself out? The transporter will be the other one. I'll get on that too." "It's likely." "Good. Well that's much easier. I'll have that taken care of as soon as possible, then maybe this mess will clean itself up quietly." The recording stopped abruptly and David blinked. It took a few seconds to sink in that he'd just listened to what was clearly Admiral Mitchell saying that he was going to try to kill him, in the hope that it would lead to Chris killing himself. "That fucking-" "Len. Shh. I know, ok, I know it's terrible. But we have to be smart with this information," Scotty interrupted as the doctor began to rage. "What would Jim do in this situation?" he asked and Leonard seemed to slump, the rage seeming to falter momentarily at the mention of their late Captain. "I… I don't know," he muttered and David felt himself beginning to vent his anger before he could stop it. "We need to… warn Chris and Leo, that someone is obviously out to do them harm. I need to lay low for a while, so I don't become a part of this again, and this tape needs to be leaked to the media, we need to tell everyone that-" "The media can be bought, kid, and it looks like they already have been. You read the news this mornin'?" he asked and David shook his head. Molly fidgeted with her PADD momentarily before handing it back across. David felt sick and Leonard cursed loudly, the side of his fist colliding with the table. The front page of the trashiest gossip rag in the galaxy had Chris' picture plastered over it – even worse was the context. The image was a still taken from a video, by the looks of it a video of Chris fucking some girl. David averted his eyes quickly and did his best to keep this away from the part of his mind where he could feel their bond. "There's no way that it's a coincidence that this tape has appeared today," Molly said flatly as she took the PADD back and made the image go away. "I… I…" David started but he just couldn't get any words out. In the image it wasn't entirely clear, but the scarring on Chris' chest was visible, meaning this had happened after they had bonded. "They're trying to kick Chris while he's down. This shit have a source?" Leonard spat and Molly shook her head. "No idea. I can't get any info on who the girl is either, her identity has been changed. She's done some… some stupid interview about it too, but her name has been changed. It'll take some time to try and dig her up," she said and he nodded. "I'm sure it aint what it looks like," Scotty tried to assure but David shook his head, forcing as much rage through the bond as he could muster. After a few seconds he felt a surge of curiosity coming back and he focused really hard on sending across a clearer message. This morning's magazines. "So their target is all three of them? He said he's got a different problem with Seren, I mean I imagine that's obviously going to be her work. But we need to make sure the twins are-" He was interrupted as David's communicator started to ring. He took it out of his pocket and set it on the table without looking at it. He knew already it was Chris. Nobody moved until it stopped ringing. "As I was saying, we need to make sure that Chris and Leo-" The communicator started ringing again and David snatched it up, opening it and bringing it to his ear. "What?" he growled and was met with silence for a few seconds before Chris spoke. "We need to talk about this. I know that you're angry… and you have every right not to believe me, but I'm telling you right now that video is fake. Just trust me, I can prove it. It's from before I got hurt, they've tampered with-" David snapped his communicator shut and flung it down on the table, hands visibly shaking now as he fought to keep his composure. Tears were burning at his eyes. How could Chris do this to him? Cheat on him after everything? Nobody said anything for a moment until Molly's communicator started to ring. She slowly picked it up and opened it, David glaring at her across the table. "Molly, don't hang up on me! Don't let David hang up on me either. Just listen to me, ok? I can tell you exactly when that video was from – it was two weeks before my Pon Farr happened. I didn't and would never cheat on David," he paused for a moment, trailing off before quietly adding "He means everything to me, I'd never do something like that. Tell him to call me when he's ready, or I'm at the hospital with Leo." The call cut off as David snatched up the communicator and slammed it down on the table so hard it snapped clean in half. "If he says it's fake, then it's a fake, we'll get it proven. We need to get you somewhere safe," Scotty ordered, a rare assertiveness in his voice. David glanced to his father who nodded. "I'm sure he wouldn't… I'm sure what he says is true," he forced out, voice shaking. "Where can I go?" David asked and Scotty immediately answered. "I know a place. Let's all leave here right now… separately and quietly. Doctor, you go to the hospital, Molly, darl, go back to engineerin' and hold fort for me, lad go get anythin' you're gonna need, and if you wanna talk to Kirk in person arrange it, because once we make you disappear he can't come to you until this all blows over," he said quickly and David nodded. "Tell Mom… that I'm ok," he said to his father quickly as he rose from the table, nodding to Molly and turning back to Scotty for more instructions. "Uh… get your things and come by my office in two hours?" "Two hours. Got it," he said, turning and leaving without even another glance backwards, fists still shaking with anger. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "It'll be ok, just take a deep breath, talk whenever you're ready," she said in a soothing, level tone. Chris took a deep breath in and slowly let it out, shuddering a little as he did so. "You know… about what's happened right?" he asked in a hollow voice and she nodded. "Yeah, I've seen it," Joanna said, leaning back a little more in her chair. Leo was still heavily sedated laying sprawled in the bed and Chris had been pacing the room desperately racking his brain when Joanna had shown up to try and help him any way she could. "I… the girl. I remember her… vaguely. Her name was Alice? Alicia? Alexa… I don't know. Something starting with an 'A'… anyway… we met at a bar, she had these legs and… sorry… we got talking… went back to her place…" he trailed off and she looked at him strangely. "Nothing you tell me leaves this room, or is going to shock me or disgust me or… anything. I didn't come here to judge you, I just want to help you," she said in the same level tone and he nodded, clenching and unclenching his hands a few times. "We did a few lines of coke… a few… other things… I was really, really wasted. This is from way back when I was just partying it up all the time. Anyway, one thing led to another and we ended up in bed. But for me at that time it was nothing unusual, just a normal night. I didn't stick around either. Couple of hours after I got to her place I was back home again, we never spoke again," he said and she nodded. "Ok. So... this was a one-time deal?" He nodded. "But this is what I was like back then… this was a normal night for me." She was quiet for a few moments and was careful with her next question. "So, why do you have your scars in the footage?" she asked and he flushed a little bit. "You watched it?" he asked and she shrugged. "I saw the still that's going around on the magazine covers, the one with the blanked out rude parts. I didn't look at your junk, if that's what you're asking. I have absolutely no interest in seeing you naked," she said and he smirked a little, running a hand through his hair. "It must have been edited. I swear on my life I have never and would never cheat on David. You know? I swear on Jim's grave," he said firmly and she nodded. "I believe you. No way you'd say that if you weren't telling the truth," she said and he nodded. "I… he's so mad… he's going to let that blind him, he's not going to listen when I try to tell him-" "Tell me what?" David's voice asked from the doorway and Chris span around to face him so quickly Joanna thought he may actually fall over. "Tell you that this is all a fake. I don't know who's doing this or what they want, but I'm telling you it's all lies. I did not sleep with that girl after we were bonded. It was before and the footage has been tampered with, you need to trust me," he said in the same confident tone he'd been using whilst speaking to Joanna. David looked at him for a few seconds before averting his eyes to the floor. "I do. And I think I know who's doing this and I know why. I have to tell you that a threat has been made against your life, Leo and Seren too. And me. So I have to go into hiding and-" "Hiding? Fuck hiding. You stay with me where I can protect you!" David paused for a moment before answering, now looking unsure of himself. "You think it'd be better if we all stick together?" "Yes. Seren too, and probably Spock. We need to all stay together right now," Chris said firmly and David hesitated for a moment before nodding. "You're right. I was being stupid. I- Chris they want… I don't know what to do," he said quietly and Joanna spoke up. "What was this threat?" she asked and David started to pace the room just as Chris had been doing a few moments earlier. "It was Mitchell talking to someone on a comm. call. It was really weird though, they were talking about you guys not being humans or vulcans or augments… and the guy he was talking to said something like 'they aren't us'… something like that. But the way he said it was almost like he was an augment himself," David trailed off and Chris sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "You remember a couple of years ago… that weird guy had been following me and then he bundled me into a van and took me to some office somewhere to talk to me about some shit to do with the Borg and protecting the planet? That guy was an augment, for sure," he said and Joanna frowned. "I thought there weren't any that aren't in chryo-sleep?" "There's this one guy. I'm sure he's one of them. Being around him I just felt… weird. His eyes, his… manner, the way he held himself, the way he spoke. That guy wasn't a human, I'm certain of that much," Chris said firmly and the three of them fell silent for a few moments, Chris now looking at his brother's unconscious form. "We should get him moved. We should all go together to lay low somewhere… I agree that it's the best thing to do, but I think it should be all of us," Chris said and David nodded, exhaling slowly. "You guys need to work this out," Joanna pointed out, hinting at the obvious tension in the room. "I can prove it right now," Chris said, pulling the up the image on his PADD and looking uncertain for a moment before taking off his jacket and then shirt. "Here," He pointed out, zooming in on the grainy image to the area of the scarring on his chest and holding it next to the same area of his body. "It looks nothing alike," David breathed as he looked at the completely inaccurate scarring on Chris' chest in the image – the shape of the marking was wrong, as was the position. "This part right here that's so distinctive, nobody knows about this. That photoshoot I did, I requested it be covered, I didn't want this getting out," he pointed out the faint Starfleet emblem branded on his chest where his badge had been melted into his skin. The small triangle was missing from the image on the PADD. "You believe me now, right? You know this is just… lies. They're trying to hit us again while we're trying to pick ourselves back up, to try and-" "Chrisfer," a voice slurred from the bed and the three of them fell silent, turning to face Leo who was blinking blearily at them. "Hey buddy," Chris said softly, pulling his shirt back on and striding over to his brother's bedside, hand settling on his shoulder immediately as Leo blinked sleepily up at him. "Where… I?" he forced out, one of the alarms on his bed now beginning to ping softly. "You're in the hospital, in San Fran. You're going to be ok, just relax," Chris said quietly. Go find a Doctor. He shouldn't be able to be awake with the sedatives he's on right now. David nodded and followed the request, Joanna following him from the room as they went to fetch a Doctor. "I don' feel s'good," he forced out, closing his eyes and grimacing. "I'm not surprised," Chris replied with a weak chuckle. "Ismily ere?" he slurred. His twin interpreted the sentence before answering. "She went home to shower and get some fresh clothes. She sat here with you all night though, she's coming back soon," he assured. "Needt ask… her. A question," he forced out, swallowing hard, his hands clenching into fists in the sheets at his sides. "Hey, just relax, plenty of time to ask her questions later. Do you remember what happened?" he asked and Leo blinked slowly, eyes not really focusing as he looked back up at his brother. "Some... I fell." "You did fall. You fell pretty far. You saved David's life, you remember that part?" Leo's eyes filled with tears and he nodded, swallowing hard again. "He was s-so scared," he whispered and Chris tightened his grip on Leo's shoulder, other hand snatching up a tissue from the bedside table and dabbing at his brother's face with it as a single tear escaped each eye and started to roll down his face. "That's ok. He's ok Leo. You saved him, he's fine. He's just gone to go find a doctor and he'll be back any minute." Leo reached up, wincing in pain as he flailed for his brother's hand. Chris caught it and held on, Leo's fingers closing in a weak grip around his as his eyes slipped closed again. "Where does it hurt? Mind if I check?" Chris asked and Leo shook his head slightly, Chris leaning across and placing the fingertips of his free hand at Leo's meld points, wincing as he glimpsed his twin's pain. The pain was almost everywhere, but by far the most painful was his abdomen. Chris backed off and Leo whined in pain, curling in on himself a little in the bed. "Try and stay still ok? Don't want you to hurt your back or-" "Can't. Chris. Help- fuck-" Leo hissed, both arms now wrapped tightly around his abdomen as he rolled onto his side and curled into the foetal position on the bed, pulling at his IV line and setting off another alarm. David, hurry up and find someone, something is really wrong with him here. Chris located the emergency call button on the bed and pressed it until it lit up, keeping on hand on Leo's shoulder as he curled into a tighter ball, face tight with pain and eyes screwed shut. The door slid open and Seren strode in, crossing the room immediately and looking the monitors over, blue eyes wide with worry. David and Joanna had followed her in and stayed back. "Page Doctor McCoy please, we need to get him into surgery right now and I can't operate on him as it's a conflict of interest," Seren ordered, throwing a handheld device at Chris who reacted barely fast enough to catch it. He quickly selected Bones' name from a short list and hit the button to summon him to the hospital for an emergency. Another two doctors entered the room, no doubt due to the emergency call Chris had pressed. Leo whimpered pathetically, tightening his grip around his abdomen to a point that Chris was worried he'd do himself harm if he kept going with it. "What's happening to him?" Chris demanded as Seren ran a tricorder over his abdominal area, her face paling as she did so. "Whatever the mass is, in his abdomen – it's ruptured. We need to get him to an O.R. right now. Leo – listen to me carefully – you need to stop fighting your sedatives or we're going to have to operate on you while you're awake. We cannot give you any more drugs to make you sleep, you understand?" she asked clearly and he grunted a response. His heart rate on the monitor was becoming faster and more uneven. "Damn it. Leo. You have to focus ok? You need to go to sleep," she said firmly. "Why can't he have more sedative?" Chris asked and she shook her head. "Because with everything he's hooked up to right now, he should be in a coma. We can't give him anything else without risking stopping his heart," she said as she tried to pry Leo's arms away from his abdomen with the help of the two other doctors. Chris helped too and was able to hold one arm down. The other arm flailed wildly and caught one of the other doctors in the head, sending him stumbling backwards and slumping to the ground. David leapt forwards and took his place, trying to get Leo's struggling limbs to keep still. "Nerve pinch him!" Seren ordered and Chris' eyes widened and he shook his head. "You're going to have to, he's going to have a heart attack if we can't get his pulse back under control," she said frantically. "I can't do it right! I might hurt him." "I can't do it at all, so you're our best shot right now," she said desperately and he shook his head. "Leo I'm sorry… I'm really, really sorry," he muttered as he lowered his fingertips to his twins meld points once again and forced himself into his struggling twins mind, finding the part of him that was fighting the sedatives so hard and doing his best to get it under control. It's ok Leo, we're going to make the pain stop, just go to sleep and we'll fix it and when you wake up everything will be fine. He was vaguely aware of the struggling becoming weaker as he used every scrap of his mental strength to put out the fire of panic and pain inside his twins mind. Finally, Leo lay still, chest rising and falling rapidly, but otherwise still and Chris removed his hand, stumbling backwards and ending up on his knees on the floor. Leo was rushed away, the whole bed being hurried from the room and Seren and the two other doctors following. Chris hauled himself to his feet and swayed a little, David rushing to steady him and get him to sit down in the chair in the corner. "I'm fine," Chris said firmly and David shook his head, grabbing him a tissue from the table where he had taken the one he gave Leo just moments ago. He took it and dabbed at his face, he could feel his nose running. When he drew his hand back the tissue was stained green. "What the hell happened to Le- Chris are you ok?" Chris blinked hard. It wasn't David stood in front of him now but his father, the doctor in his civilian clothes having obviously rushed over responding to the emergency page. "Leo… something happened to his stomach," he managed out, feeling so exhausted suddenly that the effort of getting out just a few words was too much for him. "Leo woke up, started freaking out and grabbing his stomach. They couldn't give him any more sedatives so Chris got in his head and made him stop fighting and to back to sleep. Seren said something about whatever was in his abdomen bursting," David explained quickly and the older McCoy nodded. "I'll send somebody to check you over, gotta go fix Leo," he said, leaving the room at a fast run, his footsteps echoing down the corridor. "Joanna, stay with him while I go find someone to-" "Stay," Chris forced out, reaching clumsily for David's hand as his head started lolling to the side as he sat in the chair. "Stay with him, it's ok, I'll grab somebody now," Joanna said, hurrying from the room, the door sliding closed behind her. David put one hand on the side of his bondmates face, finding the skin there covered in a thin sheen of sweat. The part-Vulcan was trembling, face white as chalk and his eyes staring forwards blankly. "Hey, focus? Try and stay with me," David ordered, crouching a little so he was the same height as Chris slumped in the chair. "Mhm," Chris said vaguely. "What do you feel?" he asked and Chris thought for a moment. "Tired," he forced out, the edges of his vision blurring as his eyes started to close and sleep began to take him. "Stay awake, keep talking to me-" David sighed as Chris finally passed out and stood up straight, running his hands through his hair and scowling at the floor. Joanna came back with a vaguely familiar Doctor in tow. "He's part Vulcan, so I saw him in the corridor and practically abducted him," she admitted and the slightly apprehensive looking male Doctor nodded. He looked more Vulcan than Chris or Leo, with the traditional haircut similar to Spock's. "I understand my assistance may be required?" he said flatly and David nodded, gesturing at Chris and starting to talk very fast. "His twin was uh… he had some problem with him, but he was fighting his sedatives so Chris got in his head to push him back under and then he kind of… I don't know, fainted? I guess. His nose was bleeding and he passed out," he explained feebly and the doctor raised an eyebrow. "Twin?" "Yeah, twin, why? Is that relevant?" "Multiple births of Vulcan's or partial Vulcan hybrids are incredibly rare, a possibility of only one in every-" "I know. They're rare, but does this matter to what just happened to him?" David asked and the Doctor took a tricorder from his lab coat pocket, striding over to Chris and scanning him with it before turning back to David and Joanna who were exchanging wary glances. "He has severely overtaxed his mind, his mind which is already strained by the presence of two active bonds which are-" "Wait. Two bonds?" David interrupted and the Vulcan doctor paused, looking very slightly annoyed before continuing to talk. "Vulcan twins remain bonded for life, it is involuntary and unbreakable, however it can cause a strain when a marriage bond is formed to another party, resulting in two separate bonds in one mind," he finished and David looked at Joanna, feeling a little guilty. "I never knew it was like… difficult for him to have both," he mumbled and the Doctor inclined his head slightly. "Am I to be correct in suggesting you are the bondmate?" David nodded and the Doctor continued. "He will be fine, however, he has just exerted himself far beyond recommended levels. I will arrange for another bio-bed to be brought in for him, he will need to rest," he said, turning to leave the room. "Wait," Chris said weakly and the Doctor paused, turning to look back at him. "Thank you," he said and the Doctor gave a single curt nod before striding from the room. "Well he's friendly," Joanna commented sarcastically once his footsteps had faded away. "Glad you aren't like that. Guess he was raised by the Vulcan parent rather than the human one," David said, affectionately smoothing Chris's hair as he stood beside the chair where he was still sat looking quite pale. The wait for news about Leo was several nerve-wracking hours. Emily arrived back to the hospital and became very upset once she found out what had happened, David did his best to talk to her and calm her down and every time her tears stopped it only lasted a matter of minutes before they started back up again. She ended up sat between him and Chris, one of them clutching each of her hands and her head resting on her brother's shoulder. Finally the door slid open revealing Bones and Seren standing together, both in fresh scrubs and looking equally concerned. "He ok?" Emily asked quickly and her father raised a hand before sighing deeply and staring at the floor for a few seconds. "Everybody sit down… this is going to be weird news for you and I don't want to deal with anybody passin' out," he said glumly as Joanna fetched herself a chair and the other three sat up a little straighter. Chris still looked drained and weak, but less so than he had been a few hours before. The doctor took a deep breath before starting to talk, looking at each of them in turn. "He's stable and we were able to remove the mass in his abdomen and get a good look at it. Good news and bad news. Good news is that it isn't a tumour," he paused as the room took a collective sigh of relief. "But there's bad news," Chris pointed out quietly and the doctor nodded, running a hand through his hair and steeling himself for a moment. "It wasn't a tumour, no. But it was a uterus. It hadn't formed correctly and the impact from earlier today caused a small haemorrhage that turned into a full scale tear. We're reviewing the results from what we removed from his brain two years ago to see if that was a similar sort of formation. He may have never had cancer at all," he finished glumly and everybody was silent for a few minutes. "Wait… a… what?" Emily finally asked and her father scratched the back of his head uncomfortably. "There's more," Chris said, reading his body language. "There is more… I… Emily, I'm sorry. He was carrying an embryo when this happened. About six weeks gestation. We're running DNA right now to-" "What?" she cut him off, barely above a whisper but he still stopped talking as she interrupted. "We're running DNA, so we'll know who-" "He was cheating on me?" she asked, barely above a whisper. "At this stage that seems likely," he said solemnly and she let out a small whimper as she began to cry again. Joanna quickly gathered her into a hug. "When am I going to be able to kick his ass?" David asked, standing up aggressively. Chris reached out and caught him by the wrist to stop him from beginning to pace the room. "A while yet. Whatever Chris did, it worked, and he's still out. I don't know when he's going to come around or what kind of shape he's going to be in when he does. He'll be in a lot of pain-" "Good," Chris said quickly and David glanced down to see anger flaring in his eyes as he watched Emily crying into Joanna's shoulder. "DNA should be back within the next few minutes so, then I guess we'll know," he said quietly. He looked conflicted. Part of him wanting to hate the young man who had cheated on his daughter, but part of him unable to hate him because he was so much like his own son. "Chris, I think it's a good idea to run some scans on you whilst we have you here. If Leo was going through changes, we need to check if the same is happening to you too just in case," he said and Chris nodded, getting wearily to his feet. "You feeling ok?" "Kind of like I haven't slept in months, but that's ok. Let's go do these tests, get it over with," he said, David looking at him worriedly as he let go of his hand. "It'll be ok, I feel fine, not noticed anything weird," Chris assured him. Bones paused to give his youngest daughter a comforting hug before he and Chris left the room, walking together down one of the endless white corridors before turning left and then soon after left again. "This is a pretty weird situation," Chris said quietly as he was ushered into a small room. "Tell me about it," the doctor grumbled. "Also, any of you guys talk to Spock today? I can't reach him and I feel like… as distant as he is with you guys, he should probably make an effort to be here right now," he said bitterly and Chris shrugged. "I tried to comm. him and didn't get a response. Anyway, you think I might have one too? A womb? I didn't know Leo did." "That's why we need to take a look, and Leo didn't know that he did… just some weird kinda spontaneous growth, not a million miles from what happened to Jim. You know how this works right?" he asked as Chris surveyed the piece of equipment nervously. It was similar to an older style MRI machine, long and tubular, with a cot that the patient would lay on which would then move into the cylinder and the scan would take place. "Uh huh, had a couple of these, back in the day," he said, gesturing to his chest and the doctor nodded. "I wasn't sure if you'd remember. Change into this, then lay down on the cot. I'll be next door in the control room and we can talk through the comm. system, this'll only take a few minutes anyway, ok?" he said as he handed Chris a thin hospital gown and Chris nodded, going into the small area in the corner of the room where there was a curtain for privacy and stripping of his clothes, leaving them in a messy pile and shoving the flimsy gown on over his head. Feeling almost completely naked he stepped out and glanced at the window into the next room, Bones was on the other side now, waiting for him. "Normally we'd have a nurse to help with this, but I figured you know the drill right?" he said through the comm. system, sounding as though he was still in the room. "Sure," Chris said, trying to keep the nervousness out of his voice. The scanner made him claustrophobic. It made him feel like he was in a coffin. He lay down slowly and waited for the small platform to start moving as it was drawn into the machine. "Ok kid stay nice and still, this'll be over before you know it," Bones said as he started to move. He closed his eyes and kept them closed as he held as still as he could, barely even daring to breathe as he was scanned in great detail, the machine whirring around him. It took barely a few minutes but it felt like hours and he was beginning to feel like he was suffocating, the sound of his own heart beating thundering in his ears. "Alright, we're done, good job," Bones' voice was back and he was coming out of the awful tube again. He took a proper breath and did his best to calm himself down as he was finally able to sit up. "Get dressed again and come through into here, I'll check the results right now with you," he said and Chris gave him a thumbs up before retreating back behind the partition, shoving his clothes on, and then heading next door as instructed. It was strange looking at such detailed images of his own insides, but he was relieved when Bones decided there was nothing extra to be found. "All looks pretty normal to me, nothing is out of place, extra or missing," he said with a small smile and Chris nodded, glancing at Bones' medical PADD as it let out a cheery jingle. The doctor looked at it too. "That's the lab," he said, snatching it up and looking at the screen, eyed widening as he read the information that he'd been sent. "What? What is it?" Chris asked. "I-… I'll be damned," he said softly, eyes rapidly flicking back and forth as he took in the information. "Who is it?" Chris pressed and the Doctor shook his head, taking the PADD with him and hurrying from the room. Chris followed him after a few seconds just in time to see him breaking into a run along the corridor. He stayed where he was, standing half in and half out of the room. He ran one hand through his hair and sighed, wondering if there was possibly anything else at all that could go wrong today. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* It took Jim a little while to realise he was drifting closer to the black hole. He was weak and in a constant state of confusion, growing increasingly feeble and hopeless as the days stretched by. He'd given up sending out comm. bursts. The system was barely working as it was, and he had decided that someone must have picked him up by now if it had been working, so he'd decided to just give up. He'd got used to the view out of the cockpit viewing port, and it took him what felt like a few days to notice that it had changed slightly, he was getting further away from what was in front of him, meaning he was drifting backwards into the black hole. The hours crept by, and the ship started to groan under the pressure. He felt like opening the airlock. It would be quick he told himself, at least it would be over very quickly. His stomach hurt and his body ached from hunger, his bones protruding against his skin where he felt like it had been weeks since his last meal. The replicator protein wasn't really sustaining him properly, and he knew he was badly dehydrated. "Computer, is it possible to re-route any power from life support to boost the range of communications?" he asked, his voice coming out weak and barely recognisable as his own. It is not recommended. He let out a weak chuckle. "I don't know if recommended is going to help me right now. Do it. Use all the power we have to boost the signal, tell me when you're ready for me to talk," he said and there was a few seconds of silence, the lights growing dimmer and the hum of the engines quietening. Proceed with message. "This is my last attempt at communications… I'm losing power and drifting closer to the singularity. My name is James Tiberius Kirk, of the federation planet Earth. I'm stranded, and I'm without food or water, I only have a few days left of life support too. I need help. If you can hear this, please, please help me, over," he said, voice shaking as he sent out what could well be his final message into the vast expanse of space before him. Communication transmitted on all available frequencies. "Thanks computer," he mumbled, sinking down into the chair and closing his eyes, drifting quickly to sleep aided by the lower oxygen levels as life support began to fail. "Daddy!" "Hey calm down, you'll pull my arm off!" he laughed as he was dragged out of his bedroom by his excitable young son. "But we need to hurry!" "And why's that buddy?" he asked and Christopher looked up at him, wide eyes sparkling as he grinned. "Because we made you a surprise today," he beamed, leading him down the stairs, still pulling his arm with a considerable amount of force. "A surprise for me?" he asked and Chris nodded quickly. "Got to close your eyes now please," he ordered and Jim obeyed, even putting his free hand over his eyes to show his compliance. The young boy led him through the living room, Jim counting his steps to roughly gauge where he was, before they turned into the kitchen and he heard two other small voices quickly fall silent. "Crouch down, I can't reach," another small set of hands tugged at the bottom of his worn-out tee shirt and he chuckled, crouching down to be roughly the same height as the six-year old twins. "Can I open my eyes now?" he asked and his hand was pushed away from his face, being replaced with two small hands, one over each eye. "Ready for your surprise Daddy?" "I sure am!" he answered enthusiastically, and the small hands moved away, his eyes opening and taking in the room. There was a plate of food that looked cooked to a questionable standard sitting at one place at the table, a glass of juice beside it and a stack of messily wrapped gifts next to the food with a card sitting on top. "Surprise!" squealed the twins, both diving on his back at once, Seren much more sedately sitting at the table just watching with a small smile on her face. "What's all this for you guys?" Jim asked, feeling his emotions welling up as Leo clumsily pulled out the chair for him so he could sit down. "Open it," Leo said, fumbling for the card and then handing it to him. He opened the card and laughed as he saw the front, tears filling his eyes before he could stop them. The card was handmade and neatly drawn, so it made him think Seren had been responsible for it, but it was the message on the front that really made him want to laugh. 'HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!" "This is very sweet, thank you guys," he said, his fingers trembling a little as he set the card down on the table. They'd all signed it inside, including a wobbly little scrawl from Leo where he'd just learned to write his own name without any help. "You need to eat your special breakfast, then we can open your presents!" Chris said enthusiastically. Jim nodded, swallowing the lump in his throat and surveying the food. "Me and Chris made it. I hope it's ok," Seren said uncertainly and he nodded. "It looks delicious," he lied easily, tucking into the plate of food. They'd obviously tried to do his favourite fried breakfast, but it was an odd mixture of undercooked and overcooked, and there were bits of shell in the eggs, but he ate it all with a huge grin on his face. He felt like he should do some parenting about the fact they'd used the stove without his supervision and as bad as it made him feel, he tried to gently tell them off. "This is so delicious and I'm really grateful, but you all remember the rules about using the stove or the oven right?" he asked gently and he received three nods. "Sorry. We just wanted you to have a special breakfast," Seren said sadly and he shook his head quickly, worried he'd hurt her feelings. "No, it is special, and I'm the luckiest… erm… mother in the whole world today, but, just be careful making hot food. I don't want any of you guys to get hurt, that's all, it's only because I worry about you and care about you," he said quickly which seemed to appease them. He did his best to get the whole plate cleared before draining the glass of juice and looking the small pile of gifts. "Open them," Chris grinned, pressing the smallest one into his hand. He held it for a moment before looking at the three of them in turn, smiling widely as his eyes filled with tears again. "I love you three, come here and give your old mom a big hug before I open my presents," he said, scooping up Leo and Chris who were within his reach and patting his other knee for Seren to jump up. He wrapped his arms around the three of them and held them close, feeling like the luckiest man alive in that moment. "Computer, do you have any access to any music files?" he asked weakly. Negative. He didn't know why he was surprised. Of course the computer wouldn't have any music stored, it was a Vulcan craft, they didn't exactly find music a 'logical' use of their time, particularly the kind he was hoping for. "Scanners working?" Negative. He sighed and decided it was time to give up. It was getting cold aboard the small ship as the life support system was losing power and he looked around for an extra layer, thankfully finding a warm coat not dissimilar to the one Spock Prime had been wearing when he had first met him on Delta Vega. He wrapped himself in it, his small frame dwarfed by the bulky jacket and headed for the small sleeping area at the back of the ship. There was one bunk which he lowered himself into, pulling up his hood and wrapping himself up as best he could against the growing cold of the ship. "Computer, please record this message with the time and date, and play it when the ship is recovered," he ordered and waited a few seconds. Acknowledged. He took a deep, shuddering breath and began to speak. First he was talking to Spock, telling him he loved him and he was sorry, then he started talking to the kids, telling them he was sorry too. Then he began talking just so he didn't feel so alone. The temptation to open the airlock grew again as he became more aware of just how cold he was getting. "I th-think this is it S-Spock. I'm so c-cold. And I'm hungry and I'm t-tired, I'm just so tired Spock. I love you, f-forever, eternity T'hy'la," he finished in a whisper, closing his eyes and waiting to fall asleep, never to wake up again. He began drifting and thought he felt the ship jolt a short while later, but decided it had to be all in his head, a product of his body shutting down, so he didn't open his eyes. He kept them closed and kept waiting, knowing soon it would be time to go.
A/N Hi! I'm still here. I know I begin every chapter with the same... but... yes. I'm still here. Still gradually inching towards the end of the story at a snails pace. This chapter has some big stuff, I hope anyone out there still reading will enjoy. As ever, reviews are welcomed and appreciated more than you know. Thank you to everyone who's sent their well-wishes with regards to my health, I'm pleased to say that I'm doing a little better :) *~*~*~*xxx*~*~*~* Chapter Thirty-One "It's about damn time you showed up," McCoy grumbled as Spock walked into his office, standing straight by the door as it swished closed behind him. "My apologies for the delay, I have been extremely busy-" "Not me you need to apologise to Spock, it's your kid that almost died today. Twice. So save it," he hissed. Spock barely flinched and crossed the room. "I received troubling news today, from the colony," he said, now standing just the other side of the desk Leonard was sitting at. "Mhm. I'm sure that was more important than what's happening here?" he asked. He felt so conflicted, part of him wanting to scream and yell and tell Spock he was being a terrible parent, but another part of him knowing the emotional turmoil he was still going through following Jim's death, and not wanting to make that pain worse. "Of course the health of my children is my priority. I understood Leo to be in a stable condition, and determined that-" "Listen. Spock. I can't just… ignore it. One of my kids stubs their damn toe and I need to be there for them, my parental instinct drives me to it. We're very different, you and I, but I really have to say that you're outdoing yourself with the cold indifference at the moment," he basically spat and Spock did flinch this time, but rather than turning to leave or firing back, he sank into the chair opposite Leonard, sitting calmly at the desk, back still infuriatingly straight. "The news from the colony was very ominous. My counterpart is missing. He has been missing for several months now. I am concerned for his welfare," he said flatly and Leonard raised an eyebrow. "Well, at least there's another one of you, plenty of Spock's to go around," he retorted and Spock didn't respond. "Pease could you update me on Leo's condition?" Leonard was quiet for a few long seconds before opening up the results in his PADD and handing them across the table. Spock's eyes flickered back and forth as he took in the information. After a few minutes he set the PADD down on the desk and looked up to meet McCoy's eye. "I am… I do not know how to correctly process this information," he said flatly. Leonard leant back a little in his chair, gripping the arms that had little semi-circle marks gouged into the foam padding where he would often grip the arms of his chair when he was stressed or thinking too hard. "Tough one, right?" he said, reaching down to his bottom drawer and pulling out the bottle of bourbon he kept there. He tentatively placed a small glass tumbler in front of Spock and when the Vulcan didn't protest, he placed one in front of himself and poured some liquid into both. "Is he aware?" Spock asked quietly and the doctor shook his head, taking a tiny sip of the golden liquid and savouring the taste and then the slow burn down his throat. "He's still out. I'm worried how he'll react. Emily's in the wind, her comm. is offline and nobody can reach her, but she doesn't have the whole story and I think when she does, she'll be back pretty quickly," he said glumly. Spock was silent for a few moments before voicing his next question. "Do you have a theory on how this could have occurred?" he asked and the doctor nodded. "I do. I got to take a good look at the uterus, run a lot of tests. It's almost like some sort of membrane… almost like an osmosis kind of situation that allowed him to conceive. I think maybe it's activated by something, maybe a strong attachment to the other parent, something that would make the fertility kick in, make his body want to… y'know. Reproduce; accept donor cells when neither of them knew what was happening. But we ran the DNA a few times… there's no doubt on that side of things," he said. Where he'd started to explain quite confidently, by the end of his sentence he was finding his throat constricted, emotion threatening to overflow, split him at the seams and leave him a blubbering mess. He quickly took another sip from his drink. Spock took a slow drag him his own before breaking the heavy silence in the small office. "The other parent was Emily," he stated. It wasn't a question, more just a factual statement. McCoy confirmed with one short nod. "And she is not aware?" "Nobody is aware. 'Part from me and you Spock. I'll tell Carol too of course, but right now, I thought you needed to know. It… it was your grandchild too, potentially. God damn… I just wish he'd kept up his physicals," he said, rubbing his temple with the fingertips of the hand that wasn't holding his glass. "If he had, could the pregnancy have been viable?" Spock asked, again in the same flat tone. "Difficult to say. Certainly wouldn't have made it through his injuries from yesterday, that's for sure, but if he'd known, he could have been more careful," he said and Spock quirked an eyebrow. "And had he known and been more careful, David could have fallen to his death," he pointed out and the doctor nodded. "I'm painfully aware of that," he said, setting the glass down and now rubbing both temples. It had been a very long forty-eight hours for him and he was ready to have a few days off to himself, to try and get his head straight. "We need to get a message to Emily. I don't want her out there angry at him, thinking he was cheating on her, when he didn't, and this is something they need to get through together, how they're going to take it I have no idea," he sighed and Spock finished the last of his bourbon, setting the empty glass down and shifting in his chair a little bit. "Perhaps it would be wise to give them space. I agree with your thoughts that it would be best to keep this information discreet, I do not think Chris or David need to know at this time, that will be for Leo and Emily to tell them when they have finished coming to terms with it themselves," he said and the doctor nodded. "We're doing that thing again where we agree with each other and it makes me uncomfortable," he said with a weak smile and Spock glanced up to meet his eye. "After over twenty years Leonard, I would have hoped you would have been used to this occurrence by now," he pointed out and Leonard gave a weak chuckle. "Nope. Apparently can't ever get used to agreeing with you. Anyway, I'm going to check Leo's vitals once more and then I'm going to find out what's happening with this whole mess with Mitchell and all of that media shitstorm, and then once I've made sure everyone is ok, I'm going to go home and try to get some shut-eye, I need it," he sighed. "A feeling I am most familiar with," Spock agreed. Looking at him more closely, it was apparent that he was looking very tired, dark circles under his eyes giving him away. "So you say the other you is missing?" Leonard asked as they walked down the corridor towards Leo's room. "Indeed," Spock responded. "For how long did you say? A month?" "Several months since any confirmed sightings. I feel it may be a wise course of action to make the journey to New Vulcan and search his residence for any clues as to his whereabouts… I must confess that his departure has made me feel… uneasy," he said and Leonard nodded. "Does seem pretty weird that he'd vanish like that. You used to talk often?" "Not too often but our communication was fairly regular since-" Spock stopped himself but Leonard knew the rest of what he was going to say. Since Jim. He didn't press Spock for any further information, just let it drop. The last thing he wanted to do was bring Jim into conversation; that was a can of worms he just couldn't bear to open right now, not with everything else that was going on. "Not sure if you heard about what Molly dug up," he said, changing the subject away from Jim and the other Spock. "I am aware, I spoke briefly to Christopher with regards to it. He believes it may be in the best interests of himself, his siblings, and David if they were to, as he phrased it 'lay low', for a period of time until the threat has passed. I am inclined to agree that this may be a wise course of action." The doctor nodded. "I think so too, unless David can come up with another plan. Anyway, first priority, get Emily back here so we can fix that, then make sure Chris and David are ok… then just make sure Leo keeps breathing, that's on my 'to do' list too," he said, rising wearily from his desk and leaving the office with Spock in tow, striding towards Leo's room to check on his condition. He was still out, taking slow deep breaths as he lay flat on his back, the monitors giving steady readings of his vitals which were coming back into normal range. Chris was sitting attentively beside his brother's bed fast asleep with his head lolling onto his shoulder, David was nowhere to be seen, and neither was Joanna. "They must have gone to get some food or something," Leonard reasoned as he noticed Spock's curious expression at there being far fewer people in the room than earlier. Spock settled into the chair beside Chris's sleeping form and watched as the Doctor attentively took readings from his son, checking he was improving at the rate he should be. He exhaled heavily and it caught Spock's attention, causing him to look up at him properly and meet his eyes. "He's almost completely healed from everything – His leg and back are the only things left, and I'd guess in probably another twenty-four hours, he'll be up and walking. What his body is doing… I… he shouldn't be able to do this Spock. Even Khan couldn't do this," he said quietly. Spock was silent for a moment before answering. "Would it be an option at administer another dose of the inhibitor whilst he is still unconscious?" "I can't. He would have to give consent," Leonard responded quickly. "Could I not provide my parental consent?" Leonard shifted awkwardly. "Actually Spock… uh… when I was going through his file it seems like he's removed your consent, requested it be removed I mean. Plus he isn't a minor anymore, and it isn't life or death treatment… so it becomes more complicated. He had Chris added as a medical proxy, basically a proxy makes the decision if the patient is unable to but-" "I understand the process," Spock interrupted coolly, a sharp pang of hurt hitting him at the knowledge that Leo had taken steps to mean if his life was in danger, Spock couldn't make any decisions for him, that he'd given that power to Chris instead. "I'm sorry," Leonard added softly and Spock nodded once in acknowledgment, standing up from his chair. "Please notify me if there is any change to his condition," he said, walking swiftly from the room without so much as a backwards glance. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "If it's so gross then why don't you… I don't know, stop drinking it?" Joanna suggested helpfully and David shook his head, taking another sip from the offending coffee. "Because I'm so exhausted that I'm probably going to fall asleep in the elevator going back up there, so I need the caffeine," he said, setting the paper cup down and letting his head fall into his hands, elbows on the table. "How you holding up?" she asked and he laughed sarcastically. "Like someone that just almost died, had one of their best friends almost die by basically sacrificing himself to save them, and then found out their partner might not be faithful to them, that's how," he said, not lifting his head up and continuing to stare at the table. "You know he didn't do it," she said and he shrugged. "No. David, come on. You know that he didn't do it. Surely you can feel it… in your… mind bond… thing," she finished hesitantly and he looked up at his half-sister with a smirk. "Like beautiful poetry," he commented and she reached across and ruffled his hair. "Shut up. You know what I mean," she said and he nodded with a small smile. "Sometimes I worry that although we have this… I don't know… just this," he gestured with his hands vaguely, "that we still don't really know each other that well, each other's character I mean. I mean… until that stupid recording that Molly had dug up I didn't even know he was still going to AA so often. I thought he was down to once a month, not once a week. So he must be lying to me, telling me he's at class or something and then going to extra meetings. I mean… if he needs the support why doesn't he just ask me? Talk to me?" Joanna smiled slightly. "Because he's proud. He wants you to think he's doing better than maybe he wants to admit to. I'm sure he doesn't mean any harm by it, just doesn't want you to worry," she explained and he shrugged. "I guess," he sighed. The door to the hospital cafeteria opened and David glanced up as his mother walked into the room, Scotty following close behind, both looking very serious as they walked across and joined them at their table. "You look like somebody has died," David commented and his mother chuckled weakly. "You, actually, if rumours are to be believed," she said and David tensed. "What?" "Aye. Rumours flyin' that both you an' Kirk succumbed to your injuries from yesterday," Scotty explained and Joanna scowled. "Who would start a rumour like that?" she asked and David felt a sick feeling of dread bubble up inside him. "Someone that wants it to be true?" he suggested and they all exchanged concerned looks. "That's not why we're here," Carol started, interrupting all of their various dark trains of thought. "Firstly, how are you holding up?" Carol asked her son, setting her hand on his forearm on the table. He nodded and forced a smile. "Fine. I'm fine," he insisted. Joanna knew he wasn't, the tense way he was holding himself, the way his eyes had lost their usual sparkle. He wasn't fine, he was just holding it together. "OK. Good. Now… something has happened today. Something else," she said and David took a deep steadying breath. "Go on…" "I've been offered a job. I've been offered an opportunity to join the Admiralty," she said flatly and David didn't know if he should smile or not. Thinking maybe best not, gauging his mother's reaction, he remained impassive. "Now. The offer didn't come from… you know who… but, I still think he had something to do with it. I've told them I need time to consider it, talk to your father, talk to you and Jo and Emily… but I think it has something to do with what's going on. I don't see it as genuine," she said and David nodded in understanding. "Admiral McCoy huh?" he said and she shrugged. "I don't know. I feel like it must be some sort of… it can't be a coincidence that it's happening within the same 48 hours that everything else has just happened," she said and Scotty glanced around nervously, making sure nobody was listening to them. The cafeteria was practically deserted, that was why Joanna and David had settled in there to talk. There were only two other tables with people sitting at them, one was a lone old man, sipping from his own paper cup of the poor coffee, the other was a young woman with two small children who kept having to restrain the elder one from trying to climb into the table. "Does Dad know?" Joanna asked and Carol shook her head. "Not just yet. This is why Scotty is here. We're going to take him up on his offer of somewhere quiet to wait this out. I know all about your conversation earlier, I know what Molly has, I know all of it… and I think we should go. All of us. Which means we need to draw Emily out of wherever she's hiding," she said and David nodded, racking his brain for anywhere his sister could be hiding. "I'll go and find her. I doubt she'll have gone far, even left the city. I'll track her down," he said, standing up quickly and hurrying from the room. He took Chris' bike, the helmet providing him a welcome disguise from the cluster of media waiting outside, and he sped off towards his parents home. It seemed too easy of a place to find her, but he thought it was worth a try. The drive across town was fast, the bike allowing him to weave in and out of traffic easily. He used to worry about Chris riding it, even going as far as calling it a 'deathtrap' at every possible opportunity, but once he'd gained a bit more confidence on it himself he understood why Chris preferred it to the car. He left the bike carefully parked on the empty driveway, letting himself into the house and glancing around. It seemed empty and he couldn't hear anything, but he held still for a moment and listened intently just in case. A faint sound from upstairs caught his attention and he carefully toed off his shoes, leaving them beside the door and padding up the stairs as quietly as he could. He paused at the top, listening again and then heading down the hallway towards Emily's room where he could definitely hear sniffling now. "Em?" he asked, gently knocking the bedroom door. "What?" came the answering voice, sounding equal measures angry, exhausted and upset. "Can I come in?" he asked quietly, stepping back from the door and waiting for a reply. He didn't get one. Instead there was a faint hiccup from inside the room and a few seconds delay before the door slid open. Emily looked awful, her eyes red and puffy, face tearstained with her mascara running down her cheeks. "Come to rub it in?" she demanded and he frowned. "No. Of course not. I came to find you to check that you're ok and to ask if there's anything I can do to help… or if you just wanted to talk?" he offered cautiously, taken aback by her aggression. "Oh. Uh… No. I'm good. Going to get some shit together and then go to London for a while, stay with one of the guys from the band and figure out my next move," she said, backing away from the door, scratching the back of her head as she did so, looking a bit guilty that she'd been so short-tempered with him. "H-how is he?" she asked softly, her voice wavering just a little. David shrugged, stepping forwards and standing in her doorway now, shoulder leaning against the frame. "I didn't ask before I left. I find that I don't actually care too much about how he's doing right now," he said and her lips curled in a tiny smile. "But he saved your life," she pointed out. "And cheated on my sister," he pointed out in return and she shrugged. "Since when did you ever care about my feelings?" "Since I grew up and stopped being a jackass. Being in a serious relationship has taught me to think about people's feelings other than my own… and I've always been a bit of a prize asshole to you. I guess now's as good a time as any to offer you… I don't know… an apology for being a dick to you pretty much since I was born?" he laughed weakly and her smile grew a little. "Aww, but I thought that was your talent in life?" she smirked and he chuckled. "You want to take the next twenty years of being the bully?" he offered and she laughed, flinging herself down onto her bed. "No. I think we're better if maybe we just call a truce. Anyway. Chris… did he do it? Are they… are they both cheaters?" she asked and he shrugged. "We haven't talked properly. The video is fake, but it seems like he's been lying to me about stuff, so we do need to talk. But I don't think I have to worry about infidelity, I'm more worried he's using again," he sighed, sinking into the armchair in the corner of the room and rubbing at his forehead tiredly. "Not drinking?" "No. The drinking is too obvious, he'd never get away with it around me. He wasn't just addicted to that… you know… back then. There were other things too. I guess we haven't talked about it as much as we should have," he said and she nodded. "And now you nearly died and you're scared, and you need to be reassured about every area of your life, right? That it's all solid, and real and still there?" He looked up at her to find her sitting on the edge of the bed now, facing him and looking at him sadly. "I don't know. Maybe. I didn't come find you to talk about me. You need to talk to him when he wakes up, find out who this guy was because… because I'm fucking shocked. I never thought he would… that he'd end up-" "Sleeping with a man? I'm pretty sure his only requirement of a partner is that they have a pulse," she said with a sarcastic laugh that made David want to flinch at the raw pain in her voice. "Can I ask you something?" he asked and she nodded. "Why do you stay with him? I mean, from an outside perspective you don't seem happy. You barely see each other, when you do it normally ends in a fight. You're both fiery people, and it seems like together you're… pretty combustible," he finished weakly and she looked thoughtful for a moment before answering. "Because when it's good, and he's actually himself, then it's perfect. But you're right, it's volatile between us. I guess it doesn't bother me because the make-up sex is so good," she sighed and he laughed. "What do you guys fight about?" "Everything. I mean… absolutely everything. His workload, my workload, his wandering eye, my bandmates and his insecurity over them, the future… just everything. He needs to get over what happened that day on the ship, then he can be himself again, but he's just repressing it and it's making him worse," she said and he nodded. "Have you told him that?" "Do I look stupid to you?" she asked, raising an eyebrow. "No. Seriously. You need to tell him. He needs to deal with the past and his loss, accept it, work with it, and move on with his life in as positive a way as possible, but not like this. We all have and he needs to do the same. The question is now are you going to listen to what he has to say?" She was silent for a few minutes, picking at her fingernails and looking around the room until she finally closed her eyes and sighed deeply. "Ever since we first had our thing three years ago, I've known I'll never want anybody else in the way that I want him," she mumbled and he nodded. "Then we'd better get back to we can be there when he wakes up," he said and she stood up and then hesitated. "I can't figure this out until I have the whole story, I need to hear it from him, I need to understand why he did this," she said and he stood up too, crossing the few feet of distance between them and causing her to look suspicious. "You going to grab me in a headlock? Indian burn? Dead leg?" "I was thinking more like brotherly hug?" he offered, opening his arms and she kept her suspicious expression for a few more seconds before stepping forwards and wrapping her own arms around him in exchange. It was awkward and they let go after a few seconds, but both knew it was a big step for them. In David's absence, the decision had been made that they were going with Scotty and Leo was stable enough to be moved so would be coming too. They had a few minutes warning before they were beamed out, Emily looking worried about the use of the transporter and David laughing at her and telling her that her fears were unfounded. Appearing in an unfamiliar room David glanced around. Emily was gripping his arm so tightly he was sure he'd have bruises and he wriggled a little. "We're here, and we're all in one piece," he said and she peeked her eyes open, looking down at herself and breathing a sigh of relief. "My biggest fear was that we'd somehow switch bodies and get stuck that way," she laughed and shoved him away playfully. "Yeah that would have been awful. What on earth would I have done if David was stuck in a hot female body?" Chris asked from the corner of the room where he'd been waiting for them to arrive. "That's a real great way to get back on my good side, good job," David glared and Emily looked uncomfortable. "Come on, lighten up!" Chris protested, stopping talking immediately as the door opened to the room they had beamed into. Spock was standing in the doorway and they all looked at him nervously. "Leo is awake. He is asking to speak to the three of you," he said and Emily launched into a rage. "You can tell him I don't want to hear any of what he has to say right now," she said firmly. "And you can tell him thanks for saving my life, but I have nothing to say to him either," David said, standing beside his sister and causing Chris to sigh. "Is he ok?" Chris asked and Spock looked tense. "I am uncertain." "In what way are you uncertain?" Chris asked, immediately concerned as he followed Spock from the room, leaving Emily and David both looking equally annoyed. Leo was only a few doors down. The building was strange, they seemed to be underground and it smelled of damp slightly, but everything was clean, if a little dated looking. The doors were old-style, with hinges, they didn't slide. Chris gripped the old-fashioned door handle tightly as he pushed it down and opened the door. Leo was sitting in a single bed which had been placed in the centre of the room propped up by a stack of fluffy pillows, Bones standing beside him keeping an eye on a series of monitors he was hooked up to. He looked exhausted, and one side of his face was coming out in colourful bruising as a delayed response to his hard impact with the water, but other than that he seemed happy enough. "Hey, how's it going?" Leo greeted casually and Chris raised an eyebrow. "Nope. Sorry. You gotta do better than that," Chris frowned, crossing his arms. "Uh… good afternoon?" Leo guessed and Chris huffed a laugh. "Sorry I almost got myself killed?" he suggested and Leo shrugged. "Sorry not sorry. Couldn't be letting you walk around all bondmate-less could I?" he grinned and Chris sighed, shaking his head. "No. And I'm grateful, but please think before you act next time." "I did think! I thought my plan was pretty solid apart from the-Ouch! Bones! Warn a guy," he protested indignantly as he was stung with a hypospray in the neck mid-sentence. "Sorry," Bones said in a clipped tone. "You going to tell me why you're mad at me yet?" Leo asked, looking up at the Doctor. "Because you didn't keep up your physicals. That's why," he muttered, sitting in a chair beside the bed and kicking his feet up onto the foot of the mattress. Spock closed the door and then stood near to where the doctor was sitting, hands clasped neatly in front of him. Chris perched awkwardly on the edge of Leo's bed, the frame groaning under their combined weight. "Physicals-Schmysicals Bones, I'm in great shape I don't understand what-" "Do you remember the pain in your abdomen? Chris having to force you under?" the doctor interrupted and Leo narrowed his eyes, looking confused and is if he was thinking hard to remember. "Kind of?" "If you'd kept up with your physicals, we'd have known, and we'd have been prepared for it. Somewhere in the course of the last few months you... you had…" he trailed off and glanced at Spock. "What Doctor McCoy is trying to explain is that upon examining your injuries from the shuttle incident, he discovered a mass in your abdomen," Spock answered smoothly and Leo's jaw tensed. "Cancerous?" he asked and the doctor shook his head. "Not cancerous. Uterus," he said bluntly and Leo took a deep breath. They were all silent for a few seconds as Leo absorbed the information. Chris was just waiting for the details to come out, to find out who it was that Leo had cheated on Emily with, who's DNA made up the other half of the foetus he had been in the earliest stages of incubating. "Ok. So what happened?" Leo asked and the doctor pulled out a PADD seemingly from nowhere. Chris had noticed he had a habit of doing that. He set the PADD to display in 3D, the small images hovering above where he'd set the device on the bed. It showed a strand of DNA, made up of two distinct colours, representing the two parents and interlocking together. At the swipe of the doctor's hand, the DNA split, a huge amount of information appearing in relation to all of the different chromosomes and what they made up. "What… what is this? My DNA?" Leo asked, looking confused. "This half, in blue, that's yours. Inside that secret uterus of yours was a very early pregnancy, around five and a half to six weeks gestation," Bones explained and Leo swallowed hard. "Ok. But I'll tell you this now, I can't have been pregnant. I haven't… I don't… not because I disagree with it," he glanced up at Chris who shrugged, "-but I haven't had any male partners. I have one, very exclusive, very female partner, and that's all. And she didn't knock me up," he laughed lightly and Bones smiled sadly. "Wish that were the case kiddo. The other half of the DNA is from Emily," he said, voice shaking slightly. Chris could feel his heart pounding in his chest as he struggled to contemplate what the doctor had just said. He looked at Leo, his face was impassive, but he watched him for a few seconds – one hand settled low on his abdomen, face slowly falling as he opened his mouth to ask his only question. "I… Does she know?" he asked, barely above a whisper. Bones shook his head. "Wanted to tell you two together, but you know how stubborn she is, she thinks you were cheating on her and she wouldn't come in here just yet. I can go get her and-" He stopped talking as Leo abruptly turned in the bed and tried to stand up, putting all his weight on his injured legs and yelping in pain before collapsing forwards, being quickly caught by Chris who had dived across the bed to reach him and Spock who lunged forwards quickly enough. "Damn it kid, stay still! You seriously injured both your legs and I don't know how you're heali-" "Get her to come to see me, please, I have to see her," Leo hissed through gritted teeth as he carefully repositioned himself on the bed, laying back against the pillows again and looking thoroughly defeated. "You're going to be in a brace on that left leg for a little while. Super-blood will only take you so far with these kind of injuries by the looks of it. No more diving out of bed kid, doctor's orders. I'll go get Emily, just sit tight," he said, his tone was stern but also kind as he insisted Leo stay still. Leo nodded once and lay back down, Chris found his hand on his brothers shoulder, not really remembering putting it there. "I'm sorry," he mumbled and Leo shrugged. "Me too," he whispered, blinking tears from his eyes. Chris never saw his brother cry. He hadn't cried after Jim's death, or at his funeral, or for anything that he knew of, or if he did, he just never saw it. Leo was always so strong and resilient, never letting his emotions take control of him in such a way. Seeing it now made Chris feel desperately sorry for his twin. "I'll get her," Bones said, picking up the PADD with the DNA results and heading out of the room, Spock moving closer to the bed. He placed his hand on Leo's other shoulder, crouching down beside the bed so he was almost the same height as where Leo was laying down. "You did nothing wrong," he said gently and Leo sobbed, the sound wrenching Chris' heart from his chest. "You did nothing wrong," Spock repeated and Leo nodded, face crumpling as he rolled towards Spock, beginning to cry freely into his shoulder, clutching at his shirt as he did so, Spock's hand on the back of his head, smoothing his hair in a comforting way, similar to what Jim would have done when they were children. Chris's sensitive hearing picked up voices arguing in the corridor outside the room, and he vaguely realised again that he had no real idea where they were. He recognised Emily's voice, then David's voice, and then their father trying to calm them where they were both yelling. Emily began to sound more and more upset until the door was flung open and she threw herself across the room and basically piled on top of Leo, holding him as if she never wanted to let go. "We should leave them alone," Chris pointed out to Spock and Bones who both nodded, but Leo tightened his grip in Spock's shirt. "Stay," he whimpered out and Spock hesitated for a moment before answering. "Of course." The five remained holed up in the room until Leo finally fell asleep, Emily curled against his chest. Bones carefully checked him over as best he could without waking him and gave him another shot of the strongest pain medication he was able to before he inclined his head towards the door and he, Spock and Christopher left Emily and Leo alone. Leo woke a short while later, feeling groggy and nauseous from the medication, his leg throbbing painfully and his back a constant feeling of pressure that he knew without the drugs would be agony. Noticing him stir, Emily glanced up from where she was curled up to him, reaching up to push his hair back off his forehead. "Hey, sleepy," she said softly and he smiled faintly. "Hey yourself. How long was I out?" he asked, voice coming out scratchy from sleep and tears. "Not too long, around an hour. Do you need anything?" she asked, looking at him carefully. "Got it," he said, tightening his arm that was wrapped around her and causing her to smile slightly. "Never thought I'd end up the accidentally pregnant one of us," he chuckled lightly and she sighed. "No. Me either. I… did you have anything else you wanted to talk about with it?" she asked and he shook his head. "I think I said it all when everyone was here. I'm just sorry that I didn't know, and that… well y'know. That my ignorance meant we lost it," he said quietly and she held him tighter. "You weren't to know, you didn't know your body could do this. It isn't your fault Leo, I'm sad sure, but I'm not angry at you," she said and he nodded, eyes slipping closed as he fought to stay awake. "Would love to see what our baby would look like," he mumbled sleepily, placing a small kiss at her temple. She smiled into his chest and snuggled closer. "Me too. One day," she said and he made a sleepy sound of agreement. "Mmm. Now is good. Skip your next shot," he mumbled and she chuckled. "This is the drugs talking. Get some sleep, got healing to do," she said and he groaned. "Cut my leg off? The left one?" he asked and she frowned. "I don't know Leo… that might make a mess in Scotty's place," she said and he smiled, forcing his eyes open. "Why are we here? His secret hiding spot right?" he asked and she shook her head. "Get some rest, I'll tell you in the morning," she said, shifting up a little so she could reach to gently brush her lips against his. "I can't believe you'd think I would cheat on you," he mumbled and she pulled back a few inches. "I barely see you anymore, it worries me what you get up to and who you're with," she admitted honestly and he shifted a little closer to her, wincing as he did so. "Try not to-" "I'm trying not to," he grinned, holding still now so he didn't keep shifting his injured body around and aggravating the healing bones and tissues. He pressed his forehead against hers and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath before slowly opening his eyes again. "You scared me," she whispered and his face softened in apology. "I know. I'm sorry. I didn't know I was going to end up in quite this much of a mess," he chuckled lightly but she didn't smile. "I thought I was going to lose you," she said seriously and he took her hand in his own, lacing their fingers together. "Never," he smiled, bringing her hand up and kissing her palm, then the tip of each finger in turn. She shivered slightly and he held her closer. "You cold?" he asked and she shook her head. "No. Just over-tired," she admitted and he nodded. "Mm. We can fix that one. But if that's an extra blanket I can see over there, can you grab it? Because I'm kinda cold in here," he asked and she got up immediately to fetch the blanket and bring it back to him, attentively covering him with it before glancing down at her own clothes. "I better go find my pyjama's, they're here somewhere. Then I'll come back and we can hangout until you fall asleep?" she offered and he smiled weakly. "I'd like that. If you see him, can you send your dad back in? I gotta ask him something," he said and she nodded, kissing him lightly on the forehead and tucking in his blankets before leaving the room. She followed the voices down the hallway until she reached what appeared to be a lounge, though there wasn't much furniture. David, her parents and Scotty were sitting around talking and she slipped into the last empty chair. "He doing ok?" Scotty asked quietly and she shrugged. "I guess." "Are you doin' ok?" he asked and she shrugged again. "I think so. Need to sleep on it, it's been a lot to take in," she said and the Scotsman nodded. "Dad, Leo wanted to talk to you," he asked and the doctor nodded, getting wearily to his feet and stretching before heading in the direction Emily had entered the room from. "Where's the other one?" she asked and David glanced up. "Uh he went to bed early, said he was stressed. I was about to follow him actually, he was acting really strangely," he said awkwardly, getting up and leaving the room in a different direction. "So where even are we?" Emily asked and Scotty grinned. "Lassie, of course, you missed the initial explanation!" he said enthusiastically. "This is my second house. Well… my secret house. Ny don' even know about it. Good thing she's off world for now too or she'd kill me… anyway. All I'll say is we're in Scotland, nobody can find us, nobody can track us, this house has the greatest signal blocking and cloaking systems that Jim an' I could create. It's a wee bit dusty, haven't been back for a long while you see," he explained and she nodded, catching her mothers eye and smirking. "So you have a secret house… that your wife doesn't know about?" she asked and Scotty looked immediately guilty. "Well… it's secret like for safety reasons, in case of situations like this one. Gotta lay low for a few days. If she needed to use it, 'course I'd tell her, we've just never needed it yet," he said and Emily nodded, accepting his answer. "There anything to drink here?" she asked and he punched the air enthusiastically. "Aye! Now we're talkin'!" *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK *~*~*~*~* "Until we know why it happened, I can't stop it from happening again. So you'll need to keep up your physicals this time, no excuses," Bones said firmly and Leo nodded. "Of course." They'd been talking for a little while, Leo had questions about what his body had done and if it would happen again, and the doctor had theories but no real answers, leading to a lengthy discussion. "I guess I have one more question for you," Leo said sleepily, eyelids drooping as he leant against the pillows behind him. "Looks like you're about to drop off there kiddo," Bones smiled and Leo blinked hard. "Jus' the painkillers Bones, make me groggy," he protested and the doctor nodded. "Mhm. Of course. What's the question?" Leo was silent for a few seconds, just staring at the Doctor, the man who was like another father to him, as well as one of his best friends, not to mention had saved his life numerous times now. "I uh… I really scared Emily. I didn't mean to… I didn't mean to hurt her," he began shakily and the doctor nodded. "Course not kid," he smiled and Leo nodded, swallowing the nervous lump in his throat. "What I mean to say is I… uh… I would never want to hurt her. Ever. I just want to take care of her and treat her right, and make sure she knows how much I love her. I want to make her happy, and make her dreams come true… and I would move the Earth to do that," he said and the Doctor said nothing, just watched him intently waiting for him to continue "I…" he faltered and closed his eyes for a second, willing his pounding heart to slow down. "I wanted to ask you…" he trailed off. Bones' expression gave nothing away and Leo sighed, chuckling nervously. "I wanted to ask you if I can ask your daughter to marry me," he spat it out. Bones gave nothing away for a few seconds and then nodded slowly in understanding, contemplating the words. "You're killing me here Bones, say something," Leo added, another nervous laugh escaping. "I have one condition to that," he said finally, looking at Leo seriously and he nodded. "Of course, anything," he said quickly. "Wait until your leg is better, because you're asking her properly down on one knee," he said, face breaking into a grin and Leo relaxed, his own face cracking into a wide smile. "I already have it all planned out, you want to hear it?" Leo asked and the doctor smiled. "I think I'd rather Emily tell me about it, in the past tense," he said and Leo nodded in understanding. "Gotcha." "You get some sleep now, and that's a medical order," he said, getting to his feet and bidding the young man goodnight before leaving him alone to rest. He passed Emily in the corridor and did his best to hide his smirk, knowing he'd just about succeeded when she didn't try and question him. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* The room was dark. Jim's eyes strained against the blackness but couldn't make out anything. He wondered for a moment if he'd been blinded by something, or if it was actually so dark his eyes couldn't process anything at all. His wrists and ankles were bound and he was laying on a flat, uncomfortable surface which had absolutely no padding. It could have been metal or stone, something equally unforgiving against sore pressure points which were forming around the parts of his body in contact with it, his shoulder blades, back and tailbone. He was perfectly still and silent, assessing his own body firstly. His clothes were slightly damp and a strange, almost floral smell drifted in the air. His head was still swimming from hunger and his stomach still just as painful as it had been though he didn't detect any new injuries to his person. One thing was clear though, whoever had removed him from the shuttle certainly hadn't done it to rescue him. He sat up carefully, ears straining to pick up any sound as he did so, but he heard nothing. Nowhere hurt any more than it had on the shuttle, and the bindings on his wrists and ankles weren't fastened harshly, he had a little wriggle room and no circulation was being cut off. He scrambled to a standing position, almost losing his balance due to his bound ankles but eventually forcing himself upright. With his legs bound together, he ungracefully hopped to the wall, then followed it along, keeping one side of his body in contact with it at all times so he could follow the outline. He was in a small room, only a few metres square. There were no features on the walls that he noticed on his brief exploration, they seemed to just be smooth all the way around. His eyes weren't adjusting to the dark which worried him, as it meant he must be in a room with absolutely no light source at all. "Hello?" he called out cautiously, his dry throat protesting from the sudden loud vocalisation. He waited, listening to his own heartbeat thrumming in his ears. It felt like a long time until he heard footsteps and then a sudden, blinding light filled the small space as one wall slid aside, a tall figure standing there. He blinked rapidly, turning his face away from the light, his eyes stinging at the sudden intensity. "Oh no, you look at me," a cold male voice snarled, a hand gripping his hair roughly and turning him back towards the light and the figure standing there. He couldn't make out any features, just a dark silhouette against the blinding white flooding the room. "The great Captain. With the golden hair, and the perfect blue human eyes. Look at you now great Captain, where is your ship? Hm? Where are your people now?" Jim was pushed and immediately lost his balance, landing painfully on his back. It took all his discipline not to cry out, many years of training helping him to keep his silence. He scrambled up into a kneeling position, staring defiantly at his captor. So they knew his identity, and he clearly wasn't popular, but he still had no idea of the identity of his captors. "Who are you?" Jim growled, against his better judgement. "Who am I? Captain Kirk I'm offended you don't remember me; especially as your meddling caused me so much trouble. Seven years on a penal colony in fact. But now here I am, and here you are, and this is just… perfect," he purred, a waft of the same strange almost floral scent Jim had detected on his clothing now filling the room. Jim's head swam and he wobbled, tipping over to the side from his kneeling position and crashing to the floor again as the heavy pheromones made the room spin. The man laughed and Jim closed his eyes at the familiar cackle. "Raato," he mumbled and the Orion clapped slowly. "So you do remember me I see." "I remember you and all of your slaves that I freed," Jim spat, crawling back to his knees again, backing away from the large Orion who advanced on him, backing him into the corner. "And you will serve the duty of every single one of those slaves you had no right to take from me!" he roared. Jim didn't flinch at the volume, just kept glaring straight ahead. "I'm missing. The Federation are looking for me, Starfleet are looking for me, and when they find me locked in a cell on your ship, you'll beg them for a penal colony," Jim said confidently and Raato laughed again, louder this time, the high pitch echoing uncomfortably in the confined space. "My dear Captain. Nobody is looking for you, you have been dead for over two years on your planet. I must say I was very pleasantly surprised to find you, like… what is the holiday on your planet? Like Christmas! That's it. Like Christmas. Now, I know you'll fetch me a good price once I get you to market, but in the meantime I'm going to need you to stay out of trouble, can you do that?" he hissed, kneeling in front of Jim now, his face just a few inches away. Jim did his best not to react to the information that over two years had passed for his family, though it felt like he'd been kicked in the stomach at full force. "I asked you a question!" the enraged Orion roared, lashing out quickly and striking Jim who again did his best to remain impassive. "I can stay out of trouble," Jim answered flatly. "And if you don't… we will have to talk about that," he smiled sweetly, another pungent rush of pheromones flooding the room. Jim's head span and he landed flat on his face in the confusion, the Orion's laughter ringing in his ears. "Oh Captain, I'm so glad we found you," he said, pulling Jim back up off the floor and into a kneeling position again. He untied the bonds around his wrists and ankles, instead fitting a sleek, metal ring around his right ankle. It looked unsuspecting enough, but Jim was all too aware of what it was. "Shall we test? Make sure you can behave?" Raato asked and Jim stared blankly at him, doing his best to look obedient and submissive. "I think we better had," he smirked, removing a small control from his pocket and pressing a single button. Agony like nothing Jim had ever experienced spread rapidly from the ring around his ankle, he cried out, body convulsing helplessly, it lasted a few incredibly long seconds before it stopped. Before he could stop himself Jim sobbed, the pain fading and allowing him to come back to his senses. "Do not cry human, I will take very good care of you," he said smoothly, caressing Jim's face with one green hand. Knowing better than to try and fight; Jim stayed perfectly still and closed his eyes, trying to think of a nice memory to get him through what he feared was about to come. *~*~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Leonard felt like he'd barely been asleep minutes when he heard the whisper from the bedroom doorway. "Bones." He grumbled and curled closer to Carol, burying his face into the pillow and hoping whatever part of his dream was whispering to him would shut up and let him sleep after a very long few days. "Psst. Bones." "Whasamatter?" he asked blearily, peeking one eye open and glancing towards the door. There was a tall figure standing there, taller than David, so he guessed one of the twins and as Leo wouldn't be out of bed, that meant it had to be- "Chris?" he asked sleepily and the shadowy figure nodded. "Could you uh… come help me with something a second?" Chris whispered, obviously being careful not to wake Carol who was still sound asleep beside her husband. "Chris I'm sleeping," he grumbled, turning over so his back was facing the young man and closing his eyes again. "Leonard," the part Vulcan whispered from the doorway, a sense of urgency creeping into his voice that had the doctor worried. With a groan he hauled his aching body out of bed and dragged himself to the doorway, straightening his pyjama's he followed Chris into the hallway which was illuminated by a faint glow from the moon streaming in through the window at the end of the corridor. He closed the door behind himself and followed Chris towards the light, noticing now that he was fully dressed all in black. "I did something," Chris confessed, standing with his back to the doctor. Leonard sighed. "Chris if you had a drink or… whatever, we can talk about this. I'm here for you, David is here for you, and –" "I didn't," Chris cut him off sharply before taking a steadying breath. "I did something bad. I did something really bad," he said, voice shaking as he turned around. His hands were covered in a dark liquid the doctor recognised all too well even in the half light. Blood. Christopher's face was a picture of pure guilt as he looked from his hands to the doctor and back down to his hands again, beginning to shake uncontrollably. "Chris, what… what did you do?"
A/N And the award for the slowest story ever goes to... ME! Yay! To anyone still reading; thank you. To everyone who leaves reviews, you guys are honestly my reason to continue writing and posting, slow as it may be, and I can't thank you enough. Sorry there's no Jim in this chapter, adding his scene in didn't really work. I have it saved for the next part though :) Somebody very super extra awesome has edited some images together of what the kids look like... (I know, so awesome!) These can be found here: standinginthesunkids-dot-tumblr-dot-com. Like seriously, Chris is spooky accurate and Emily and Joanna just. Argh. I can't. So, mysterious person (because I do not tumblr, I fail at it haha) THANK YOU. This chapter is dedicated to you as a small token of my thanks, and drop me a message on here! I'd love to know who you are (in a non-creepy way haha) also... Spockums, you rock :D Now enough from me... Chapter Thirty-Two "I don't like this, kid," the Doctor thought hard, his own voice projecting into their shared thought-space. "It isn't great for me either," Chris answered back, guiding him through the mess of thoughts towards the information he was looking to share. After a failed attempt at explaining what had happened that night, Chris had offered up the meld as a simpler way to pass over all of the information. It had the added bonus that nobody would overhear them. The Doctor was struck by how very dark it felt inside the young man's thoughts, save for one corner of blinding light, almost like the sun, the rest seemed dark and gloomy, grey at best. "So here… this is all of it." It was an odd experience for Leonard, watching someone else's memory as if it was his own, but once he got over the initial disorientation he found the content of the memory troubled him from the very beginning. It began with his own son's face, sleeping peacefully. "Oh wait, skip this, too soon," Chris interrupted hastily, jolting the memory forwards, quickly flashing through him stealing Leo's pocket transporter and sending himself back to San Fran. "You snuck out on David while he was sleeping?" "Well… yeah. But once you see this, you won't care about that. Also, I only ever planned to be gone for less than an hour, he probably would never have noticed." Chris' memory was walking down the street now, fast, approaching Starfleet HQ. As soon as he got inside the main Administration building, things turned strange. A large security officer whose name Leonard didn't know approached Chris as soon as he entered the building. "Cadet, you're out of uniform," he pointed out and Chris stopped in his tracks. "I don't have any classes. Just needed to talk to someone, that a problem?" Chris asked casually. "Not for me, might be to some others. Watch your back Kirk," he warned and Chris shrugged, walking away and towards the elevators. Mitchell kept a top-floor office. He had done for years, since he'd joined the Admiralty. Leonard had seen him brag about it multiple times, often reminding Jim of his status several floors above his own smaller working quarters. The memory took a turn for the worse when the doors opened to the top floor corridor. An arm brandishing a hypospray launched out of nowhere, a sharp sting in the neck and then the memory became drowsy, the edges of the scene blurring as he was half-dragged along the corridor by an unfamiliar man in a non-descript black instructors uniform. "Kirk, right on time. I'd offer you a seat, but I don't think that's optional at this point," Mitchell spoke with a nasty smile on his face; and an even nastier tone in his voice. Chris's body was heavy, his vision blurring at the edges as he was steered towards a normal looking black office chair opposite Mitchell's desk. He sat, it was true, he didn't have much of a choice. His usually strong legs felt like two useless, soggy dead weights, completely incapable of supporting him. "Some kind of muscle relaxant, Bones, I'm fine. Plus I think I metabolised it much faster than they were expecting," Chris interjected over the top of the memory, sensing the doctors concern. "He's armed, Sir," the instructor said as he clumsily ran his hands over Chris who was slumped in the chair, body useless but mind clocking everything going on. The phaser he'd tucked into his waistband was pulled out and placed on the desk in front of him. "Where did you get a gun?" Bones hissed and Chris seemed to pause their viewing of the memory. "Doesn't matter, just watch," he insisted, forcing the Doctor's focus back to the memory before him. "Leave us," Mitchell ordered of the man in the black uniform. "Sir?" "I think I can handle him like this, wouldn't you say?" Mitchell smirked at Chris's state, obviously unaware that the tingling numbness in his limbs was already starting to quickly fade. The man looked at Chris carefully once more before obeying and leaving them alone, the Admiral wasting no time in beginning his questions. "So, Kirk, how can I help? Why are you here? Did you want to shoot me? Or…? How are we going to do this?" Mitchell asked, gesturing to the weapon on the desk. His face dropped with shock as Chris lunged forwards and snatched it up. He was still a little clumsy, but he was mostly back in control. With the gun in his hand and his confidence renewed, Chris asked his first question. "So. You let David McCoy jump out of a shuttle without a parachute. What's your problem with him?" Chris asked and Mitchell said nothing. "Come on Gary, everyone's a grown-up here, let's talk about this huh? Like men?" Chris offered and Mitchell kept silent. "How about we try this another way," Chris said, getting up from the seat, legs still feeling a little shaky but the effect of the drug quickly fading as it was broken down by his superior system, his heart pounding as he approached the Admiral who stared up at him defiantly. "You want me dead? Is that it?" Chris asked, holding the weapon at his side, face getting closer to the admiral, now barely inches away as he towered over him in the chair, bending to keep their faces level. "Then do it, Admiral. Shoot me. Right here, right now," he said coolly, grabbing one of Mitchell's clammy hands and bringing it up to the gun he now had pointed at his own temple, forcing the Admiral's hand to close around the weapon and closing his larger hand around the Admiral's hand. Mitchell smirked and Chris snapped. His hand holding the gun moved so fast he was barely aware of it before he'd pistol-whipped Mitchell in the face, sending his head snapping back at the brutal impact. The Admiral spat out a mouthful of blood before turning back to face the young man. "You have no idea, do you? Of the pain in the ass your father was to everyone here?" he began and Chris caught himself before he struck the Admiral again, barely containing his rage. "He was a disgrace. He was crooked, paying off Orion slavers! Making deals with our enemies, Klingons, even the Borg! I know what he told them, I know they're watching us now, it's all his fault. I bet you and your brother are all ready to follow in his footsteps, aren't you? And your little bitch McCoy too?" Within the meld Chris could feel the doctor's anger rising, but he was doing his best to keep his thoughts to himself. Mitchell didn't cry out as Chris struck him again with the phaser, sending his head whipping round again, a harsh crack resonating through the room. Chris was sure he'd shattered the man's cheekbone, his lack of reaction was frustrating him even further. "You're animals. You and your brother, just like him, just like that traitor Khan! You've got no control over these abilities you're developing and you're a danger to yourselves and everyone around you. Look at you, you're so unstable, your control hangs by a thread and you have to go and cry in a circle with a bunch of other junkie lowlifes just to try and make yourself feel-" Mitchell didn't get to finish as Chris threw him across the office, complete with the chair he was seated in. If the situation hadn't been so dire Chris would have smirked at the strong feeling of pride he felt echoing across from the Doctor at this point. "You don't get to say anything about my father, or my brother, or even me. You have no facts, and I don't know what started this pathetic little vendetta of yours but it ends right here and right now. So either we talk about this, or one of us isn't going to be walking out of this room," Chris threatened, hands shaking with rage. "What's your problem with Jim? Hm? I know he rejected you at the Academy, I know what happened between you," Chris pressed and Mitchell laughed, dragging himself to his feet and squaring up to the younger man. "You have no idea what happened between me and your father. Not even a clue. When he died he was under investigation for high treason against the Federation, his death was a cause for celebration, not sorrow," Mitchell spat and Chris kicked out at the desk this time, sending it flipping over, its contents flying in every direction. "Liar!" Chris roared, barrelling at Mitchell full force and knocking him to the ground, landing on top of him, straddling the older man's chest, one hand on his face. There was a look of fear and understanding in Mitchell's eyes as before he could stop himself, Chris forced himself into the Admiral's mind. At this point Chris made everything pause, taking a moment to bring them both back from the meld, carefully untangling their minds. "I'm sorry for the-" "Emotional transference," Leonard winced, helpless to stop a few tears escaping his eyes and running down his face as he kept his eyes closed. Chris looked around nervously. They were still alone in the silent living area of the strange house, their only company a faint pink glow beginning to creep into the room as the sun began to rise. "You melded with him by force," Leonard mumbled quietly. Chris shifted in his chair, not wanting to meet the Doctor's eye. "Christopher. You melded with him… against his will. You know the consequences of that, you know what's that's the equivalent of-" "Shut up!" Chris snapped, louder than he had realised, immediately regretting it as he felt a flash of confusion from the bond he shared with David, the younger man obviously having woken up at his shout and wondering why he was alone in the bed. "I'm fully aware of what I did. But what I found? Bones, the guy is completely insane. He's made up all of these fictions in his head, all the shit he was spouting about Jim selling secrets and being a fraud? It's all just something he's created in his own head. And his history with Jim is… far from peachy. What did Jim ever tell you about it?" Chris asked and Bones lowered his head into his hands. "Chris I… you mentally… you… you basically raped his mind," he whispered in a hollow voice, unable to believe Kirk to be capable of such a thing. "And he tried to rape Jim. In the Academy. Jim fought him off in a bathroom, and then never pressed charges, you ever hear that story? No? Well I fucking did, because I took it from Mitchell's mind! You want to see it? You want to experience it?!" Chris demanded, struggling to keep his voice down, his whole body shaking with anger. Bones was silent. "Do you want to see the memories I took from him tonight?" The Doctor stared at the young man before him, the crazed, fearful look in his eyes. "No. I don't need to see it. I believe you," he breathed and Chris nodded. "Where is Mitchell now?" he asked the young man who sighed, scratching the back of his head. "I uh… well… he's hog-tied. In his office. I tied him to his chair and left him that way," Chris admitted and the doctor took a long slow inhale, mind reeling at the possible trouble all of this could potentially cause. "I locked his office though, nobody should be able to get in, not without the new code I assigned to his door. It hasn't been long, he should still be there. Nobody saw me leaving so nobody will be suspicious yet," he added quickly and McCoy let his head fall into his hands momentarily. "I'm going to have to intervene here aren't I?" Chris stayed silent, dark eyes just fixed on the older man, remorse plain to see. "But this doesn't make sense. Why is he so crazy over all this, if Jim never pressed charges? There's nothing in Jim's records, in his medical records if there was a fight? No evidence apart from his own memory of this event ever taking place. And if Jim is dead… then why does he have anything to be worried about?" Bones asked and Chris began to pace the room, eyes closed and hands on the back of his head, just walking four steps in one direction, turning, and walking back, then repeating over and over. "I could only come up with two options. Option number one, he's so ignorant of the way a bond works that he thinks we all know what happened with Jim and that we could leak it at any time, destroy him and his career." "But why would you? With Jim gone there's no proof, it would be your word against his and it'd just end up as one big messy lawsuit, slander, defamation of character-"Chris shook his head, interrupting the doctor. "No. I don't like option one either. But I like option two even less," Chris sighed, pausing and looking back at the doctor through the half-light. "And what's option two?" "That Jim is alive somewhere, and Mitchell is covering it up so we don't find him and the truth doesn't come out," Chris breathed and Bones took a slow inhale. "Chris, I'm sorry, you know I am, but he isn't alive anywhere, nobody is covering anything up, he isn't anywhere to be found-" "See. I thought that too. For a really long time-"Chris interrupted and continued speaking until the doctor stopped. "But lately… where he was in my mind, I can feel something. There's something there again, really faint and really small, and I'm not getting anything across it. But it isn't empty anymore. Maybe I'm imagining it, because it's less painful than an empty space, or Spock has noticed something too, he'd know better than me if something was going-" "What's going on?" asked a familiar voice from the top of the stairs. A flash of alarm crossed the middle aged man's face as his son began to descend the stairs. Glancing around and taking quick inspiration from his surroundings, Chris snatched up the almost empty bottle of Scotch that Scotty had left tucked just under the coffee table and drained the tiny amount that was left in the bottom, just enough that he'd have the scent of alcohol on his breath. Bones gave him a look of acknowledgment and understanding of their hastily devised cover-up plan and played along. "I didn't want to wake you," he said sadly as David reached the bottom of the stairs, his eyes trailing over to Chris who had dropped into character perfectly, slumped on the couch, eyes staring forwards without focusing, now empty bottle on the floor at his feet. "M'sorry," Chris slurred convincingly. "Come here," David said softly, striding over and helping pull Chris to his feet, he pretended to stumble and Bones quickly added another layer to their lie. "I found him out here about fifteen minutes ago, like I said, I didn't want to worry you with it," he said quietly and David sighed, shaking his head. "What's the matter? What's happened?" David asked gently of his bondmate who hiccupped convincingly, clutching at David's baggy tee-shirt and sniffling. "Worried 'bout Leo. Worried 'bout you. Almost lost you both," he mumbled pathetically as David gathered him into a caring embrace. "But you didn't, ok? I'm here, and I'm safe, and Leo's here and he's safe. Let's get you back to bed, ok?" It felt like being punched in the chest as Bones watched his son care for his bondmate, thinking he was heavily intoxicated, helping him lie about where he had been that night. "I'm sorry. M'so sorry," Chris whimpered and David shushed him, helping him to his feet and supporting him towards the stairs. As they passed Chris met the older McCoy's eye, his expression clear – this has to stay between us. "You need any help?" Bones offered his son who shook his head. "No, it's ok. It's bad enough already that he woke you this early, you should get some rest," he said sincerely and he nodded, padding back towards his own room as David helped Chris fake-clumsily ascend the stairs. The Doctor fell back into bed with his mind racing. He'd have to deal with Mitchell now, and fast, but first he needed to come up with a plan. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Emily woke to an empty bed. She reached out and then sat up quickly, alarmed that Leo was missing from her side, knowing full well he wasn't supposed to be up and walking around. She listened for movement in the house but couldn't hear anything so very quietly slipped from the bed and crept towards the main living area and kitchen, able to smell food as she got closer. She rounded the corner, her face forming an expression somewhere between amused and annoyed as she saw Leo leaning uncomfortably against the kitchen counter, hair a mess and looking still half asleep. "Hey, you aren't supposed to be out of bed," she pointed out, causing him to jump slightly as she startled him. "But… if I can't get out of bed, how am I supposed to bring you breakfast in bed?" he asked, smiling and opening his arms to pull her into a warm hug. She wrapped her arms around him tightly, able to feel him trembling a little and pulling back, looking at him concernedly. "I'm fine," he protested quickly. His face was tight, jaw clenched, eyes a little swollen from his tears the previous night though the bruising that had flared up had already healed and there was no trace of it left. "You don't look fine," she said sadly and he smirked. "I'll have you know I look damn fine," he protested, shifting his weight a little and trying a cocky smirk, but ending up grimacing. "Stop deflecting. Where does it hurt?" she asked and he shrugged. She gave him a look which she hoped was at least somehow similar to the one her father used on her and her siblings when they were misbehaving as children. A look that said immediately 'cut out all that shit this instant if you want to live'. "My back. It hurts so bad I don't know what to do with myself," he admitted and she pulled him gently into another embrace, fingers of her left hand lacing with his, her right hand low on his back but barely touching, not wanting to cause him any more discomfort. "How about I finish up in here, you go back and lay down. I'll bring breakfast to you?" she offered and he frowned. "But I was-" "I know. And it's very sweet of you, but let me take care of you today," she said softly and he admitted defeat after a few seconds under her stern gaze, limping from the room and back towards bed. There was a bowl of fresh fruit, neatly chopped and ready to eat, as well as the delicious smell of croissants drifting from the oven. They were almost ready, so Emily loaded up a big plate she located in one of the cupboards and made two cups of coffee before balancing everything carefully and heading back to Leo. He was laying flat on his back, pillow discarded, staring at the ceiling blankly. He managed a weak smile for her as she placed the coffee cups on the side and helped him sit up so they could pick at their food. "Thank you for this," she grinned and he shrugged, looking miserable. "Where did you find fresh croissants? And fruit? There's almost nothing here," she asked and he gave her another small smile. "I begged Scotty, he was going out for an early morning hike, so I asked him if he was able to help me try to not be a dick to you today, he suggested I make you breakfast. So… I asked him to bring breakfast food on his way back." "It's sweet of you," she said smiling again and he shrugged, looking down as he sipped at his coffee. "Do you want to talk about it?" she offered quietly and he looked at her for a few moments. "Could we… Could I share?" he offered his right hand towards her face, fingers extending in a familiar pattern. Sharing their minds wasn't something they often did. She often used to ask, but gave up when it became apparent he wasn't all too comfortable with it, preferring to only get a trace of a link when they were very close rather than a full meld. "Of course," she said, leaning across and carefully setting down her plate on the bedside table, settling back on the bed with her legs crossed. He gave her a look she was beginning to understand all too well and she obliged, laying down and settling her head on his chest, her arm around his waist in a loose, gentle grip, not wanting to cause him any pain. His hand settled on her face and she glanced up to meet his eyes, giving him a small nod of consent. A second later and their minds were one, and she felt like she was plunging into a spiral of despair as she felt the darkness of his mind. After what felt like only another second she came to her senses. She had moved and was sitting on the edge of the bed now, her face wet with tears and Leo's arm around her shoulders. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry, I shouldn't have-" he was crying too and she shook her head, trying to force herself to calm down quickly. "No. It's ok. I'm glad you shared that with me. We're going to get through this together ok?" she said shakily and he nodded. "I feel like I'm lost at sea, in the dark, and I'm just… drifting," he said slowly and she nodded, having just felt what he was feeling that was certainly one way she would describe it. She took a deep breath before she asked her next question. "Have you ever been to Jim's grave?" she asked and felt his body tense beside her. "Em I-" "No. This is important. This is an important part of how you're feeling right now. Have you ever been to visit him?" she asked and he chewed his lip, fresh tears welling in his chocolate brown eyes. "Only… only his funeral," he finally answered. "I think we should go," she said softly and he nodded. "His birthday is coming up," Leo mumbled, voice oddly high pitched as he fought back tears. "I know. I think we should go with everyone else, or we could go by ourselves, or I don't even have to go with you, but I think you need to talk to him about how you're feeling," she said pointedly and he opened his mouth to protest. She could already hear his arguments before he voiced them. Why visit an empty grave? What good will talking to a lump of rock do me? He isn't there. She placed her finger gently on his lips before he could voice any protests. "I talk to him. All the time. Every time I play a show, I've got songs written about him, for him… it always makes me feel better. So I think you should go and talk to Jim, and tell him to look after… y'know," she trailed off and Leo sniffled, dangerously close to losing control again. He wasn't ready to talk any further about their loss, and about what it meant to him. "I'll go with everybody, for his birthday," Leo finally spoke, having taken a few minutes to pull himself together. "Good, I know it'll help you," she said and he nodded. "So tired," he sighed and she shifted away from him a little so he could lay back down. "I'm not sure why my dad hasn't turned up and started prodding at you yet, I'll go track him down, see if he can give you anything for your back?" she offered and he nodded. "An amputation?" he suggested and she huffed a laugh. "Pretty sure he can't amputate your spine, no matter how much it's hurting right now," she said and he pouted. "They should be able to," he mumbled, closing his eyes and sinking back into the pillows, defeated. "I'll go find him, hang tight," she said, giving his hand a reassuring squeeze and standing up. Noticing a big warm sweatshirt of Leo's laying across a chair in the corner she picked it up and pulled the oversized garment on, giving Leo a wink before leaving the room and padding down the corridor in her socks, slowing down as she reached the kitchen and could hear voices. "-important that we talk about it. Much as I don't want to. It's important that we talk about it, it's obviously affecting you." She heard her brother scoff and knew this was probably a conversation she shouldn't listen to. "Not affecting me as much as you being drunk last night." "Forget last night, ok? Right. This girl on the tape, what do you want to know about her? Hm? Her name started with an 'A', I was, as you can probably tell from the tape, completely wasted when I slept with her, and I didn't even-" David interrupted quite harshly and Emily flinched, starting to sneak away on the rickety wooden floor, silently praying to any god that might be listening that she wouldn't stand on a beam that would squeak. "I can't forget it. You work so hard to keep yourself healthy, and then you have nights where you… you don't talk to me. Instead of talking to me, you hide alone and drink all the Scotch? Why? Why don't you just talk to me? How are we ever supposed to progress in our relationship if you don't want to even talk to me when you're feeling down?" "Progress in our relationship? What is that even supposed to mean David?" Chris asked, Emily heard a chair scrape across the floor and knew one of them had got defensively to their feet. "Move forwards. Move… forwards together. I… all the things we want to do," David answered weakly. There were a few seconds of silence before Chris answered. "And why would my mind have changed about any of those things? It hasn't. I just… I just slipped. What I need right now is for you to help me get back up, not kick me while I'm down!" "I'm not kicking you while you're down! I just can't lose you to this, I can't," David admitted, his voice cracking as he finished. Emily backed up another few steps away from the door, the floorboards giving a threatening whine under her feet. She held her breath and stayed completely still, ears straining for any sign that they might have heard her in the hallway. It sounded as though they hadn't. "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so fucking selfish. Maybe… maybe I should go back to rehab, do another month or… something. I need to fix this mess in my head, I need to be better," she heard Chris mumble quietly, a sinking, sad feeling in her chest listening to him sound in such a bad way. "I don't want you to go. How would I deal with not seeing you for a whole month?" "You'd be bored and sexually frustrated? And fat, because nobody would stop you eating carbs or drag your lazy ass to the gym," Chris said in a light tone. Emily heard the distinctive sound of someone getting punched, probably Chris, and then laughter. She took the opportunity to back up another few steps, now far enough away that she could creep back into Leo's room where she found him in a light sleep so she kept quiet and just watched his steady breathing, letting her mind run over their conversations from the previous night and the morning. She still hadn't really felt herself emotionally react. She knew it would be coming, but for now, it hadn't hit her yet, she needed more time to process it. A few minutes passed and there was a knock at the door before it opened to reveal her father, who looked tired and irritable and wasted no time in disturbing Leo from his sleep. Emily knew to avoid him in this mood, so excused herself as he checked on Leo's progress. "Look like you've barely slept Doc," Leo commented as his foot was manipulated into various positions by the exhausted looking doctor who took numerous readings with his tricorder that whirred enthusiastically. "I haven't," he grunted, making a note of Leo's wince of pain as he pushed his foot all the way back. "Something on your mind?" Leo asked innocently and McCoy snorted, laughing sarcastically. "If only you knew kid, if only you knew," he said. "Stand up," he ordered and Leo obeyed, carefully easing himself out of bed. "Now your bones have… and god knows how, have all healed on their own-" He paused as Leo grinned, proud of his body's ability to heal itself so quickly "-but don't get so damn cocky kid, ligaments are more difficult. You're going to be hurting for a while yet. No training, and I'll be referring you to a physiotherapist to get your strength back in that leg, and to work on your core strength to better support your spine, no arguments," he said sternly and Leo nodded. "No… any kind of training? No nothing?" "Not until I say. I'm going to put a note on your file and ban you from all Starfleet fitness facilities until I clear you," he said and Leo pouted. "You're damn lucky," he grumbled. Leo couldn't help but notice his hands were trembling slightly as he finished taking readings with the tricorder. "Bones. Are you sure you're alright?" Leo asked carefully, the doctor avoided his eye and grumbled a response that even Leo's sensitive hearing couldn't make sense of. "Bones?" he asked again, grabbing the doctors wrist. The older man met his eye. "I… I don't know kid. I can't talk about it right now," he answered. The look on his face told Leo not to ask any more questions, but he still opened his mouth to ask and closed it again at the change in the doctor's expression that told him to really not ask questions. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* SEVERAL HOURS EARLIER "I'd say that I'm sorry, but I'm really not." It felt like someone else had taken over his mouth. He'd never dare say something like that to an admiral, even to Mitchell. Whoever had taken over his mouth had also taken over his body too; he watched his own hands readying a hypo as if he was watching someone else's. "This is a very powerful mind-altering substance. It's going to erase your memories of today, and yesterday, and I'm not really too sure how much further back. Depends how much I give you," he threated, Mitchell stared at him defiantly. Chris had done a hell of a job tying him up. He'd barely been able to move, and the strip of cloth across his mouth hadn't moved either, leaving Mitchell's only method of communication to make angry eyes at the doctor. His face was swelling grotesquely from the heavy blows he had taken from the young man, and McCoy knew he probably needed attention, especially if he had fractures, but medical care wasn't something he was going to give him at that moment. "I don't understand Gary… You just took it too far. You can't play god with people's lives, whether you agree with their choices or not, you just can't," he muttered, checking the hypo again. He'd got the dosage right, it should only take Mitchell back a few weeks, but long enough for him to forget Chris had ever been in his office, to clear him, and that was all that mattered. The hypocrisy of his own words stung him though, as he was playing god now to Mitchell, just has the admiral had tried to play god with the lives of numerous cadets. Before he could change his mind he pressed the hypo to the admiral's neck and dispensed it, the hiss as the substance entered his bloodstream confirming the smooth and effective delivery. It took a few seconds for the drug to kick in, for Mitchell to go completely limp in the chair he was bound to as unconsciousness took over him. Once he was certain the larger man was out, McCoy untied him, placing him carefully back behind his desk and clearing up the mess of the room. There were obvious signs of the scuffle with Chris earlier and it took him a few minutes to hide all the evidence of that. Once he was done he removed the other item he had in his small pack of supplies he'd snuck in with him, disinfectant wipes. He carefully cleaned off anywhere he had touched, or anywhere Chris might have touched, including Mitchell himself. His face, his hands and wrists, any exposed skin, removing both fingerprints and DNA evidence. He surveyed the room once more, and when finally satisfied, he left silently with all of his incriminating items stashed back away in the small bag he was carrying. He made it all the way to the turbo-lift before a voice stopped him in his tracks. "McCoy?" He turned slowly and cracked half a smile when he saw Admiral Archer standing a little way down the hallway behind him, leaning heavily on his cane. "Admiral, good to see you," he forced out as casually as he could, his heart pounding so hard against his ribs he was worried the old man would hear it. "Care to step into my office for a moment?" the elderly man offered and McCoy weighed up his options. Archer was looking at him like he was fully aware of what he had just done; however, Archer was on 'team Jim'. He always had been, and McCoy was relatively certain always would be. He couldn't bolt for the lift, and he didn't have any more drugs on his person to modify Archer's memory too. "I can make it an order, before you think about getting in that lift," Archer added and McCoy swallowed, stepping away from the lift doors as they opened to reveal the safety of the interior, the temptation of a smooth escape. "Sir," McCoy nodded, stepping towards the Admiral on increasingly shaky legs, eyes scanning the hallway for somewhere to ditch the small bag of medical supplies. "Don't even try to ditch your bag, I want to see what's in it first," he said, as if he was reading his mind. Archer went into his office first and beckoned for the doctor to follow, he did, reluctantly, and sank down into the single chair opposite Archer's desk, heart hammering against his ribs. "I never thought you'd have the balls," said Archer as the door closed. "Sir?" "You know. The balls? Guts? Stones? I didn't think you had it in you Leonard, is what I'm trying to say. You couldn't just wait could you, couldn't just wait for me to get my plan into motion and get rid of that slimeball?" he demanded, setting himself down wearily in his own chair. McCoy said nothing, just looked at him questioningly, waiting for him to explain. "I've been trying to get rid of Mitchell since almost the moment he joined the Admiralty. I thought I finally had an angle when he started his whole vendetta against Spock, against Chris and David… and a whole bunch of other cadets. Basically anyone romantically involved with a cadet of the same gender. Took me a while to piece it together, being that it's something that I view as being of no significance… but when I did, I was pissed. Jim wouldn't have stood for this shit. I started building a case, quietly, and I was about to make my play… but now I guess I don't need to," he shrugged and McCoy hung his head for a moment. "Sir… I… he made an attempt on my son's life, he let him jump out of a shuttle with a sabotaged parachute and-" "I know," Archer interrupted. "You… know?" McCoy asked and Archer nodded. "Your lovely wife told me. She's been helping me build my case. Bringing me everything you guys had over in your corner," he said with a mischievous twinkle in his eye that almost made the doctor relax and feel like he wasn't in trouble. "I… I wasn't aware of that," he said weakly and the Admiral nodded. "I know. I asked her to keep it that way. I knew you'd want it kept amongst yourselves, so I wanted you to think it was. Now what Christopher did tonight was bold, and dangerous, and a little on the stupid side, but I understand why he did it. There's not going to be any action taken against him. Based on the extenuating circumstances and the fact that he did a good enough job erasing the security footage, I can overlook it. However…" McCoy swallowed hard. "Leonard. You should have known better. You're a fine doctor, an exemplary officer with a brilliant service record, and the mind behind some medical advancements that frankly I didn't know if I was going to live to see," he started, but there was a sadness creeping into his tone. "Mitchell had been building his own case, and it wasn't just against Jim, it was against you," he said, handing a PADD across the desk with an alarming list of information on it. All the times he had breached procedure and Jim had swept it under the rug in his Captains logs, all the times he had broken countless rules to do what he thought was best, all the times he'd made a mistake, the chemo he'd given to Leo when it was now proven the mass in his brain was never cancerous at all, nearly killing him in the process, the rules he'd broken to oversee Chris's treatment after the incident with the Borg, and his own psych evaluations following Jim's death, showing him a whisker above the definition of 'emotionally compromised and unfit for service'. "Where did he get-" "I'm trying not to think about that. The problem, Leonard, is he sent all of this information out to a third party, right before Chris barged into his office. He must have seen him coming, decided to press the red button on it, but this shit storm is not going to blow over. There are some things in this report that worry me. And because I know you personally, I know these are things you did out of love, and out of protective instinct, and out of going above and beyond the line of duty, but that won't wash with people who don't know you. This is going to cause uproar, and the Admiralty will be expected to call for your dishonourable discharge from the fleet. I'm sorry Leonard," he finished solemnly and McCoy barely dared to breathe. His eyes scanned back over and over the list before him, the physical charting up of twenty years of any bad decision or mistake he'd ever made, every time he'd overstepped the mark carefully documented and back to bite him squarely on the ass. "I wanted to offer you the chance to resign, right now. And I'm willing to forget that I know what you just did to Mitchell back there in his office," he offered. McCoy stared at the old man, mouth opening and closing wordlessly a few times, a strange ringing forming in his ears. "And if I don't?" he asked in a hollow voice very much unlike his own. "They'll tear you down. They'll probably go after Carol next, maybe even David or Joanna. Leonard, I'm sorry. If I'd have known he had this, I could have tried to-" "Who-" Leonard cut him off, throat constricting, causing him to cough a little before continuing. "Who did he send it to? The third party? Who was it?" he asked and Archer shook his head slowly. "I don't know yet. I've got someone working on getting it traced," he answered and Leonard nodded. He opened and closed his mouth a few more times. "If I resign, it's almost an admission of guilt," he reasoned with himself aloud and the Admiral nodded. "Yes, it could be seen that way. But let me ask you something honestly, is there anything on that list that's untrue? Anything on that list that you didn't do?" he asked and the doctor shook his head. "No. I did all of those things and faced with the same situations again tomorrow, I'd do them all again," he said firmly and Archer gave a small smile. "So stand by your decisions, your actions, and resign from Starfleet. Don't let them try to drag you through the dirt. You don't want this to go to enquiry, if it does then your medical licence will get suspended, it'll be much, much worse that way. And let's face it doc, you're never going back out there without that fool as your Captain anyway," he said fondly and Leonard let out a weak chuckle. "No. I guess you're right," he sighed. It was true. He'd been considering it for a long time. He had much more to give than just watching the clock at Starfleet medical and he had no desire to go back out into space, particularly after the things he'd seen last time. "I'll do it," he said finally, and with a surprising assertiveness to his tone. Archer nodded and handed him over a PADD. He wrote a few lines before verifying with his thumbprint and handing it back to the Admiral. He felt oddly numb as he did so, knowing his career with Starfleet was over, just like that, and that he was about to face hell as the media would tear into him over the information in the document Mitchell had passed to an unknown source. "One more thing, while I have you here," Archer said and the doctor nodded, the elderly man's voice making him snap out of his thoughts again. "I think Mitchell is hiding something from everyone else, from all the other Admirals. He's got files that are protected by so much encryption even Molly Scott can't get at them, and I've never seen her have to give up on hacking something before. I'll keep you and Carol informed of course, once I have more on it," he said and McCoy just nodded wearily. "My advice to you right now is to stay with Scotty. I know where he's got you all and you'll be safe there. Give everything here a week to settle down, let Kirk get some rest, let David get his head around his first near-death experience, and then come back and figure things out. I know you'll do great things now, and we'll take care of Mitchell, that's if he remembers who the hell he is when he wakes up of course," Archer said with a small twist of his lips that Leonard wasn't sure was a smirk or a grimace. He took the hint and left. By the time he arrived back in Scotland people were awake in the house so he set about taking a look at Leo, resolving to keep his resignation a secret from everybody as long as he could.
A/N So, here we are again... though I think this last break was the longest one I've taken yet. I am sorry. I am still determined to get this finished. Basically... long story short and without saying anything too trigger-y, I had a breakdown. But I'm doing OK-ish now. I'm back. To make up for my absence I think this is the longest chapter ever? A LOT is going on... the only warning for this chapter is some sexy stuff, but nothing particularly graphic (sorry, maybe next time ;) ) and I guess vague mentions of slavery and nasty Orions? But again nothing graphic. Thank you to Spockums, for keeping me chatting about the story and keeping my interest in it alive. You rock! And thanks to SpaceGirl13 for your very thoughtful review on chapter 32 when I genuinely had lost hope of ever getting another review again. Anyway. Shutting up... Chapter Thirty-Three Jim doesn't know how long it takes him to lose track of time entirely. Without a window or chronograph the days and nights all blur into one. He sleeps a lot, tries to eat as little as possible, and doesn't interact with any other living thing. He's kept entirely isolated in his tiny cell; food shoved through a hatch twice a day though he barely touches it, wishing his body would just give up and let him starve to death. His bones protrude against his skin, facial hair long, hair matted. He dreads to think what anyone would say if they saw him now, saw him like this. After spending many hours thinking about it, Jim decides that the Orions must be taking him somewhere to sell, rather than to serve them on this ship. There would be no other reason to keep him isolated like this. Much of his career as Commodore had involved shutting down operations just like this and he was well aware of how it usually worked. Slaves would be acquired through various means, perhaps a stranded ship, perhaps a smaller planet without the means to properly defend themselves. Once on board the slaver ship they would be sorted into two types of slave, work slaves who would usually be men, the larger and stronger, and the sex slaves who would usually be women, smaller weaker men, or in the very worst cases, children. Anyone who was of no use as either would be thrown out of an airlock. As he was still aboard and not a large, strong man anymore he'd deduced that he was probably destined for the sex trade. That gave him a better chance of escape at least. If he was purchased by someone who might treat him well maybe he could build up his strength, maybe enough that one day he could fight back, escape, steal an emergency escape pod and head for Earth. Head for anywhere. Raato would visit him occasionally, but Jim knew the time had come when the large Orion appeared in his cell with two others in tow. "Up," he ordered. Jim heaved himself to his feet and stood shakily facing the Orions. "You are not in good condition. We are going to attend to this, if you do not comply we will make an example of you. You must be in saleable condition by the time we get you to the market," he said and Jim said nothing, just stared blankly just next to the Orion's bald head. "Do you understand Captain?" he asked silkily and Jim gave one small nod. "Good. Now, to ensure you are being properly cared for, I have decided you will join me in my quarters for the remainder of our journey. I can make sure you are consuming your meals, resting, and caring for your appearance this way. Come with me and co-operate, and we will not have a problem," he said in the same smooth tone and Jim gave another single nod. "If you make any attempt to do anything foolish…" he threatened and Jim pre-emptively tensed as he waited for the ring around his ankle to shock him. It didn't and the three Orions roared with laughter at him before he was awarded a sharp jolt from the metal band, sending him back to his knees on the floor. "Get up, human!" the larger of the two Orion henchmen ordered and Jim swayed, the other grabbing him by the upper arm and yanking him to his feet. "A real bed will have you ship-shape in no time Captain," Raato smirked as the two larger Orions half carried half dragged Jim from his tiny cell and out into the corridor. Jim had never seen the corridor, eyes blinking rapidly as they tried to adjust to light for the first time in he didn't know how long. There were doors. Hundreds of doors, all the way along either side. He felt sick as he realised they were all full of people exactly like him, trapped and alone and desperate. He saw nothing but more of the same as he was led along until he reached a large metal bulkhead door. It took the handprints of all three Orions on biosensors for the door to release and Jim was dragged into their world. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* It had not taken long for the news of Doctor McCoy's resignation to spread. Whoever had leaked the information Mitchell had sent them didn't wait long to do it, the news breaking just 24 hours after he officially resigned. Leonard was eternally grateful to Emily and Chris choosing the day following it to stage their breakup, with Emily theatrically crying and throwing clothes out of her bedroom window at Chris standing on the front driveway arguing with her, all whilst Leo and David crouched in the corners of Emily's bedroom out of sight of the paparazzi in the street below, watching the whole act progress and giggling hysterically. The gossip rags had been far more interested in the break-up story, meaning his resignation and the attempt to tarnish his reputation was swept under the rug almost entirely. In the weeks following the event he'd done his best to keep a low profile, but it had been long enough now and he needed to get back to work, get back to doing something productive with his day. He had to admit it had been nice to have a bit of time off. He'd never really had much of a break during his career, once he'd joined Starfleet he had been pretty much flat out between his job and raising his family. He allowed himself a six-week break before joining the team at Saint Francis Memorial Hospital as a senior trauma surgeon. It had been something of an adjustment after spending so many years at Starfleet Medical, but the knowledge he would never be going back out into space was helping him become more at-ease with the strange new situation. He'd worked at Saint Francis for two months when he noticed a new message on his personal PADD as he got home from work late one Friday. He opened it up as he sat heavily on the couch, his knees aching from having been on his feet so long that day. Doctor McCoy – I realise it has been quite a long time since we last spoke, I apologise, it was unintentional. I have been working to secure financial backing to open a clinic, and I believe I am finally in a situation where I can confidently say that I have secured enough funding. I was hoping if you did not already have plans this weekend that you might wish to have dinner with me to discuss my ideas? - Seren A. Kirk He smiled to himself as he read her message. The way she worded things had always been an odd combination of both Jim and Spock's vernacular and he found it charming in its clumsiness. He quickly wrote back. Seren, great to hear from you and good job on getting funding secured. I'm free tomorrow night, could pick you up at 7? - LHM It took barely a minute before she replied. 7pm is convenient. I look forwards to seeing you then. He tucked the PADD away and crept upstairs to bed, sighing when he found it empty. Carol had worked late every night for the last two weeks, sometimes not coming home at all. A new Orion slave ring had been causing trouble at the edge of the neutral zone and the Admiralty had been holding a series of crisis meetings to try and figure out a way to stamp them out. She woke him as she crept in around two in the morning, apologising in a whisper as she crawled into bed. "Don't be sorry darlin', I've woken you up a million times," he chuckled as she curled close to him. "What a week," she sighed and he held her close, the thumb of his right hand rubbing soothing circles into her tense shoulder. "What's happening down at ol' Starfleet HQ that's got their newest Admiral runnin' around like this?" he asked and she chuckled weakly. "This is the problem. Nothing. There's been a huge surge in activity from a new Orion slave ring, but Starfleet are avoiding the problem, say that it isn't our fight, but if they're enslaving federation citizens then of course it's our duty to intervene. It's taken me a week just to get them to listen, and now they've said if I want to try to sort it, I need to be the one behind planning some intervention," she ranted and he hesitated a moment before asking his next question. "Does this have anything to do with what Jim was workin' on?" She was silent a moment before answering. "Yes and no. He was instrumental in several large-scale operations to seize some key slaver ships and free everyone aboard, but they were different Orions, these seem to be… well… some form of hybrid. Their pheromones seem to have a really strong effect on humans, much stronger than usual," she said, yawning widely. "What kind of effect?" he asked, curious. "Well, you know how normally they make you kind of drowsy? Pliable? Maybe a little stupid? Well these new ones, humans are unconscious within under a minute, it's really powerful stuff," she mumbled sleepily. "Do you know how they're doing it?" he asked, his interest now sparked. "Need to catch one to do some analysis," she replied weakly, yawning again. "Get some rest darlin', I'm sure there'll still be super-Orions running around for you to catch in the morning," he assured, kissing her cheek gently. She was asleep within seconds but he lay awake for what felt like a long time, contemplating what she had told him. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* The door chimed a seven pm exactly. Seren was already waiting downstairs, but Spock beat her to it and answered the door. "Hi, Spock," McCoy said awkwardly. "Doctor McCoy, please come in," he offered politely, stepping aside from the doorway. "You've redecorated," he pointed out as he stepped into the now beige coloured hallway. "Blue was always Jim's idea," Seren pointed out as she entered the now crowded hallway. Spock looked guilty. "It looks just fine both ways," McCoy quickly pointed out and Spock inclined his head slightly in agreement. "You ready to go?" he offered and Seren nodded. "Have a pleasant evening," said Spock mildly, turning and retreating up the stairs. Seren glared after him, not missed by the older Doctor, before following him down the driveway to his car. "What's your old man done to deserve stink-eye like that?" he asked and Seren looked at him blankly. "The glare at the back of his head," he clarified and she shook her head. "No, I know. I'm familiar with the expression, I've spent enough time around you and David to be by now. It's the changes to the house. Jim hated beige. He hated beige anything. White yes, but not beige," she said with strong distaste. "And he put all of Jim's stuff in a storage locker. All of our family pictures too. There's almost no trace of him at the house anymore," she said flatly. McCoy was quiet for a moment, trying to think of a way to respond that would be appropriate. He knew that his immediate reaction would best remain inside his head. "Do you think he's planning on leaving again or something?" he asked and she shrugged. "Maybe. He keeps talking about going to New Vulcan to search for his counterpart." "Would that bother you?" he asked and she looked at him. "It would bother me because it goes against the only request that Jim left for him, which was for him to be someone we could depend on if anything ever happened. Spock and I… we used to be close. But recently as it's coming up to the third year… I feel like the side of him that Jim brought out is properly starting to recede. He's… like a robot," she said, careful to keep too much emotion from creeping into her voice. "He was like a robot when I served with him the first time, when he left Jim on Delta Vega. I guess part of me wondered if this side of him would come back eventually," he said thoughtfully and she nodded in agreement. "Indeed. Anyway, moving on, because I could bitch about Spock all night. I hear you're working at Saint Francis memorial?" she asked. The short drive passed quickly and by the time they had sat down and ordered their food Seren was passing him a PADD across the table and he was reading, feeling his eyes becoming wider with each line of text. "And this is the two year projection?" he asked and she nodded eagerly. "Five year is over the page," she said and he scrolled, letting out a low whistle. "Well kid, you've figured out how to be a doctor and be rich. I must have missed somethin' because working for Starfleet wasn't the way to go," he said, setting the PADD down and looking at her proudly. She'd acquired herself just enough funding to set up a small clinic and pay the rent on the premises for two years. The budget allowed for herself and one other doctor to be paid close to what he was earning when he left Starfleet, with a sharp rise as their client base grew. The costings had all been worked out precisely. They would fund a fair cost of time, equipment and maintenance, and of course the procedures themselves but there would be no surplus profit made by the company. "But if you charge the same… per couple, in this flat rate, that means eventually…" "We're going to earn a lot of money? That had crossed my mind. If you're uncomfortable with that, I researched a few charity options, we could even set up-" "Seren… wait. We?" he asked and she grinned. She grinned and looked like Jim for that split second and his heart ached for his best friend to be here to be as proud of his daughter as he was. "I didn't tell you? I'm offering you a job. Well, a partnership, to be exact. All the costings were done under the assumption of there being two of us, and there is no other doctor I'd want to go into partnership with," she said casually and he looked at her for a few seconds before allowing himself to smile. "OK. On the condition that when Chris and David want to do this, I don't have anything to do with it, then yeah… I'll accept," he said and she laughed. "I don't want anything to do with it either!" she protested, pulling a face. "Well, we can hire somebody else just for them," he laughed and she grinned. "So, I start looking for premises tomorrow, budgets are all done, and my inbox is overflowing with potential candidates for treatment. Partners?" she offered her hand across the table and he grinned as he shook it. "Partners." Things moved quickly after their initial conversation over dinner. In the space of a few short weeks, Seren had managed to locate a premises. It needed some renovation, but most of the work was superficial, so she had enlisted the help of her brothers and David to help give the place a fresh coat of paint. Handing in his resignation to the second job in less than a year was a very strange feeling to Doctor McCoy and as he left Saint Francis for the last time after his final shift, he couldn't help but wonder if what he was about to begin doing would be the job that would see out his career. He arrived early on the day of the clinic's opening. The waiting area still smelled of fresh paint and he glanced around, the same grin still firmly on his face. "All finished?" he asked and Seren nodded. "Your dad would be so damn proud of you today kiddo," he said and she gave a small smile. "I'd like to think so," she nodded, tucking her long braided hair over her shoulder and chewing on her bottom lip. "C'mere," he said, noticing the discreet sign of her becoming emotional and opening his arms to hold her tightly for a few seconds. "Jim would be overjoyed to see this, and I'm very proud of you myself," he said and she nodded against his shoulder, pulling back and nodding before quickly changing the subject. "So, your office is the one to the left," she pointed out. The clinic premises was very small. They had their two main offices, a small exam room with more equipment, the waiting area, and a few smaller offshoots of the main area including a staff resting area they could make use of. For surgical procedures they'd made an arrangement with a local hospital to refer patients there, or make use of the operating theatres themselves if needed. "So do we have anyone coming in today?" he asked and she looked up from the PADD she was reading. "A few," she nodded. "In that case, I'm going to go test out the coffee in our new staff room," he said, shuffling off in the direction of said staff room. It was very small, only a few chairs and a very basic kitchen area, but it was all they needed to quickly grab some refreshments between appointments. As he was finishing up his cup of coffee their new receptionist arrived for her first day, and Seren got her all set up, he could see both young women were nervous, and he couldn't deny he was feeling a little nervous himself for the first day of work. At a few minutes to nine he went over and unlocked the doors, their first appointment was due at nine-fifteen. They'd agreed the patients would be split randomly, so there could be no bias, and the first had landed Seren for their appointment. His schedule was due to be clear until ten. "I'll be uh… in my office I guess," he said awkwardly and the receptionist nodded with a small smile. It felt completely unfamiliar to him to have no actual work to do, he'd need to wait for some patients first. "Remind me of your name again, I'm an old man… I forget," he laughed and she smiled again. "Carla," she answered and he nodded. "Right. Carla, sorry," he said, letting himself into his office and sinking into his chair. He got barely five minutes of peace before he was commed from the reception desk. "Doctor McCoy?" "Yes Carla," he said, wanting to prove he wasn't so rude as to forget her name twice. "I've got two gentlemen here who don't have an appointment, but if you're free could you-" "Of course, send them right on through," he said, surprising even himself with his cheeriness for that time of the morning. He wasn't really surprised to find out that his visitors were none other than David and Chris, both wrapped in coats and scarves to protect against the miserable day outside. "Sorry, I was told gentlemen, have you seen any?" he asked as the two made themselves at home in the office. "Well look at this fancy-pants new office!" David said excitedly, ignoring his father's jibe completely and beginning to spin on one of the spare office-style chairs. "You break it you buy it," Leonard warned his son who barely settled down at the warning, still spinning just in a slightly more controlled fashion. "So, you boys have a reason to be here or did you just want to waste some of my first morning on the job?" he asked and David stopped spinning, glancing at Chris who looked away at the floor. "Uh… no we were just in the neighbourhood and thought we'd say hi," Chris answered. "Oh quit acting so nervous," David rolled his eyes at his bondmate who shoved him playfully, his tension breaking instantly. "Nervous?" Bones asked, raising an eyebrow. "He's nervous because I want his babies and he's not ready and he didn't want to come in here in case I started trying to like… steal sperm or something," David smirked and Chris scowled, looking mock-indignant. "You're not ready either," he pointed out and David shrugged, grinning still. "No, you're right, but I'm excited we can try this someday, when we're both ready. So… should we spill the news now, or wait until later?" David asked and it was Chris' turn to break into a grin. "News?" The Doctor asked with interest and Chris stood a little closer to David who was still lounging in the chair, their hands linking together loosely, fingers brushing together with an easy affection that showed just how comfortable they were with each other. "We uh… went and viewed a new apartment today, and I think we're going to put in an offer," Chris said nervously, David smiling fondly up at him standing at his side. "That's great news! Finally getting out of the old bachelor pad huh?" he asked and Chris nodded. "And this asshole is finally going to have to pay his way in the world and not just sleep at my place for free all the time," he mock glared at David who opened his mouth to protest only to be cut off by his father laughing at him. "So yeah, Dad, I guess I'm moving out officially, at last," he said and Leonard sighed. "All my babies grown up and gone away. Guess I'll have to have my mid-life crisis now huh? Buy a sports car or somethin'?" "You're way too old for a mid-life crisis," Chris smirked. "Yeah, more like an 'old age setting in' crisis," David added and Leonard glared at his son across the desk. "Tell me about your new house, before I throw you out of my office for being brats," he tried to threaten but couldn't keep the smile off his face as Chris leant down and kissed the top of David's head as he began to excitedly babble about the new apartment. "-And it fronts onto the park, and it has three awesome bedrooms, and enough space for all our stuff, and hopefully all of Emily's because she has a lot of shit-" "Wait… Emily?" Leonard frowned, confused. "Yeah… uh. We're moving in with Leo and Emily, surprise!" David said, his voice wavering slightly and Chris sighed and rolled his eyes. "It's so they can keep an eye on me when David goes away. So they can make sure I don't go all crazy or anything, although I'm pretty sure I'll be fine," Chris explained quickly and Leonard nodded. "So, the four of you are going to share? How's that gonna work?" "It should be alright. Leo and Emily are having the master bedroom which has their own bathroom and enough space for a couch and all that stuff, so kinda like their own living area, and we have the second biggest room and we'll use the main lounge more… but it probably won't work out that way, we'll probably just all kill each other after like a week and then I'll move back home and I have no idea what you guys will do," David laughed and Chris sighed. "Yeah, if Leo and Emily stop arguing for five seconds this plan will work out perfectly," he sighed, rubbing at his face tiredly. "They're still fighting?" Leonard asked. Emily and Leo had fought on and off since the incident with David and the shuttle and Leo's miscarriage. "I can never tell when they mean it; can you tell when they mean it?" David asked and Chris shrugged. "They like… fight and then they like… screw each other's brains out for a whole day, and then they're fine, but then they fight again. I really don't get them," he sighed, shaking his head before looking up suddenly, dangerous smirk on his face. "Hey, if we have a fight does that mean you'll actually put out after it?" Chris asked and David's jaw dropped, a deep red blush creeping into his face. His father blushed almost as badly. "Uh excuse me, I didn't hear you complaining the other night," David quickly retaliated. "Psssh. That didn't count-" "Uh. Mentally scarred forever over here!" interrupted Bones quickly, waving his hand to get their attention. "Did this count as a fight?" David asked with a smirk and Chris shrugged. "Maybe, I guess so?" he offered and David grinned, grabbing Chris by the arm and dragging him from the office, neither of them even saying goodbye as they hurried out. The Doctor sighed and shook his head, muttering about crazy kids as he glanced at the time. His first patients of the day were due to be with him soon, so he loaded up their file and set about getting himself ready for their consultation. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "You're heavy," Chris whined. David huffed a laugh against the back of his neck but made no effort to move. "You can take it," he retaliated and Chris squirmed, trying to shove him off. "You're heavy and you're sweaty and gross." "Hmm and who's fault might that be?" David asked, carefully pulling out, detangling their limbs and slumping onto the mattress beside his bondmate in a state of post-orgasmic bliss. "No idea," Chris said with feigned innocence, tilting his head so their eyes could meet. "No? Not even a theory? Not the slightest clue?" "Nope." David grinned and leant in to press their lips together tenderly, one hand settling on tracing the strong line of Christopher's jaw. The angle was bad with Chris still laying on his front and David pulled away with realisation after a few seconds. "Aren't you laying in the wet spot?" he asked with a smirk and Chris shifted somewhat guiltily. "Uh… there… kinda isn't one, yet," he added quickly seeing the expression shift on David's face. Quicker than he could even react he was on his back, two of David's fingers jabbing mercilessly at his prostate and his cock hitting the back of his bondmates throat. Chris came with a low moan, head tilted back and fingers pulling maybe a little harder than he intended at David's short dark hair. It took him a few seconds to get his awareness back and when he did he was wrapped comfortably in a pair of warm arms and turned onto his side. "Mmm," he mumbled, stubble scratching at the side of his neck as light kisses were trailed up towards his ear. He squirmed a little and was rewarded with a puff of air against his neck as David chuckled. "Tickles," he protested weakly. "You're adorable when you're all fucked out like this," David told him softly, one hand now playing with his hair. "Shh. Sleeping," Chris mumbled back turning his face towards the pillow. "Excited to do it in every room of our new house? I'm going to bend you over every single item of furniture, just to warn you." "Sleeping," Chris protested, keeping his eyes tightly shut. "I am, I'm so excited to have our own place together, I mean… Leo and Emily being there is-" "David?" Chris interrupted and he stopped talking. "Hm?" "Now is sleeping. Either sleep or leave," Chris warned and David chuckled, holding him closer. "I love you," he sighed and Chris did his best to supress the way those words made him feel. His heart did a weird sort of flutter in his chest, face contorting into an awkward, half held-back smile. "Love you too, now sleep or so help me I will end you," Chris warned and David took the hint, with one final laugh and a gentle kiss on the back of his neck, he allowed his Vulcan to fall asleep. When Chris woke up he was alone, the light on his communicator blinking with a new message. Got called in to talk about that training mission, I'll text you when I know more He flung the device back down on the bedside counter and sat up; scratching his head groggily and stretching, wincing as his chest pulled and a sharp jolt of pain racked him. "No bullshit from you today, I need to do important shit like buy a house," he warned the old injury aloud, getting out of bed and shuffling to the shower, still half asleep. He laughed as he walked into the bathroom. In the condensation on the glass shower cubicle David had drawn him a picture, their initials in a badly shaped heart, waiting for him to find when he got up. Allowing himself to grin the whole time, he got washed and found clean clothes before heading over to Leo's apartment to talk to him about the house. Leo looked dazed and exhausted as he opened the door, long hair scraped into a messy ponytail, wearing sweatpants covered in various stains and burn marks from the engineering department and an old tee-shirt Chris recognised, with a pang in his chest, as once belonging to Jim. "You're wearing your hair like a girl," Chris pointed out and Leo opened and closed his mouth a few times as if to retaliate and then shrugged as he couldn't think of anything to say. Leo slumped into the couch, one hand scratching at his face where his stubble was now so long it may even classify as a beard. "Why is everything so early?" Leo asked, voice low and scratchy from tiredness. "It's like… ten thirty. Doesn't Scotty have you polishing Starships at like o-six-hundred most mornings?" "Yeah but I was up all night writing some stuff, and I haven't slept yet this week and-" the remainder of Leo's sentence was lost in an enormous yawn, treating his twin to a perfect view of his tonsils. "You're so gorgeous in the morning!" cried Emily cheerily as she appeared from the kitchen and jumped onto the couch next to Leo who groaned at her enthusiasm, pulling a cushion from the couch over his head. "Jeez, what did you do to him? He's completely wrecked." "I didn't do anything. I was asleep, not my fault if he wants to stay up working all night, making mess," Emily eyed Leo's desk in the corner of the lounge with distain. Piles of PADD's and books teetered precariously as well as numerous sample jars of questionable substances, all of which Leo swore were not radioactive, though to Chris they looked suspiciously like warp-plasma. "So did you guys view the house after us yesterday?" Chris asked and they both nodded. "And?" Chris asked precariously. The whole plan hinged on Leo and Emily agreeing on the house, they couldn't afford it on their own and needed them both to buy in or it wouldn't work. "And… we think we should probably look at selling both our places," Leo answered and Chris grinned. "Awesome. We just need to get grumpy on board and we're all good, but I think he's pretty much sure that-" Chris was cut off as him communicator started to ring. "Speak of the devil," he muttered as he flipped the device open and got up from the couch, backing away a few paces from the couch so he'd have a little more privacy. Leo watched his brother carefully as he spoke, his sensitive hearing could pick up what David was saying too and it broke his heart to watch Chris visibly deflate as David broke the news to him. He'd been selected for the training mission and was going out into space for the first time, and he'd be gone for just over a month. Chris hung up by telling David where he was and to come over so they could discuss the house. He sat back down and tried to keep his facial expression neutral but barely managed, Emily becoming suspicious that something was wrong as they sat and drank coffee waiting for David to get across town to them. He arrived and the door had barely knocked before Chris was up out of his seat and hurrying to open it, the two of them embracing in the doorway like they might never see each other again. "Am I missing something?" Emily asked quietly as David and Chris just held onto each other. "Yeah, David got picked to go out on that Capricorn 9 graduate ship, so we're going to have to adopt Chris for a while. Do you think you can cope with another one of me for a bit?" "Of course. We'll look after him, no problem," she smiled reassuringly as David and Chris sat heavily on the other couch together, sitting apart for only a few seconds before Chris sat so close to David he was practically sat on him, but David not complaining and holding him closer. They discussed David's imminent departure briefly before calling the required parties to make their offer on the house and to put both Christopher and Leo's apartments on the market. It was going to be a rush to get everything finished before David would be leaving in a few short weeks, but they were optimistic they'd get things finalised in time. Chris didn't sleep that night. He lay awake and silent, arms tightly wrapped around his bondmate, the soothing rise and fall of his deep breathing filling his ears. "Did you sleep?" David asked quietly the next morning as Chris knocked over his cup of coffee after having tripped over a chair leg only a few minutes earlier. Chris nodded, avoiding his bondmate's eye across the table as he picked at his breakfast. He wasn't like Leo in being able to only sleep once a week. Since his injury he'd needed a normal human amount of sleep to function properly, and having missed an entire night was having a serious impact on his ability to function. "What classes do you have today?" asked David through a mouthful of toast. "Uh… tactical analysis, then free until late, xeno-biology. My middle class got cancelled. I can't remember what it even was. What day is it?" Chris asked as he carefully cleaned up the spilt coffee. "It's Thursday. Want me to go to tactics for you and get your notes? You can stay here and get some sleep?" he offered and Chris glanced at him before going back to cleaning up the coffee. "Uh… no, it's ok. I can go, I just need to coffee some drink." David raised an eyebrow and it took a second for Christopher to realise what he'd just said. "Drink some coffee. I definitely meant drink some coffee. Do we have any… uh… do we have any left? Of my good meds?" he asked quietly and David looked very serious. "Yeah, there's two left. Why? You need one?" he offered and Chris nodded shakily. He was in a lot of pain. It was rare he'd have days this bad, but for these times he had a backup supply of a particularly strong medication. It was kept by David in a secret hiding place Chris wasn't allowed to know, because it was one of the medications Chris had become addicted to after the injury. "You want to do it?" David asked, re-appearing and offering the hypo to his bondmate. "No," Chris said flatly. "That's ok. Uh… how should I?" "Just ram it in my neck and get it over with," Chris ordered and David flinched at the harsh tone of his voice. He complied, carefully administering the hypo before taking it away and returning again to sit at the table opposite his bondmate, reaching across for his hands which he held lightly, forcing Chris to look up and meet his eye. "Are you mad at me because I'm leaving?" he asked and Chris narrowed his eyes. "That's a pretty unfair-" "It's a perfectly fair question. Are you mad at me, yes or no?" He was silent for a few minutes before he answered. "I'm worried about Leo, he's still acting weird." "I'm worried about Leo too, but I need to know if you're mad at me. I don't want to go out for the first time worried you're going to hate me for doing it." "I'm not mad at you. I'm mad at myself for not being in a position to go with you," he admitted and David squeezed his hands reassuringly. "You're less than a year away from that. It'll go so fast you won't even notice it and then we'll be going out together on the same ship and-" "There's no guarantee of that." "Yes there is, we're bonded, they aren't going to split us up and you know it." "We'd have to actually tell Starfleet about our bond for that to be true," Christopher muttered, snatching his hands out of David's grasp and getting up from the table. He snagged his backpack on the way past and before David could even react to snap back, he was gone. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Leo swallowed hard again as he walked down the long corridor, occasionally glancing at room numbers to be certain he was still going the right away. He couldn't shake his nerves and wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans as he finally neared his destination. The door was plain white with just a simple brass number in the centre, old fashioned, making it stand out from the rest of the super-modern hospital corridor. He knocked and waited a few seconds before a male voice beckoned him inside. "Leonard, I take it?" he was asked immediately before he'd even got inside. He flinched at the use of his full name and closed the door behind him, finally locking eyes on the man inside the room. He was tall and thin, black hair cut in the traditional Vulcan style. Leo caught him give his own hair hanging messily around his shoulders a disapproving glance. "It's Leo," he corrected and the Vulcan nodded once. "My name is Soren, but I am sure you are already aware of that," he said and it was Leo's turn to give a single nod. "My sister speaks very highly of you," Leo said, not missing the very tiny flush of green that crept into the other man's cheeks. He raised one eyebrow. "Indeed?" "Yep. She sure does," he said cheerily, inwardly smirking that he'd taken less than two seconds to uncover his secret crush. "Would you follow me please?" Soren asked and Leo's smile dropped immediately. He'd been warned Soren would not allow him to hide his feelings behind humour. When Seren had made him the appointment she had told him exactly what to expect. Leo followed Soren from the small reception area through another, similar white door into a larger room. The office was neutrally decorated, with large windows overlooking the street outside the hospital. Several comfortable chairs were placed around, a handsome wooden desk in one corner with another comfortable chair behind it. "Wish my office looked like this," Leo commented, thinking of the tiny, messy, cupboard-like space he shared with Scotty in the engineering department. "I am very fortunate. I like to keep my office orderly and comfortable, so that patients can feel safe here, and able to speak freely," he explained, sitting in one of the armchairs. Leo flung himself down onto the couch, kicking his feet up. "So doc, are you going to cure me?" he asked and Soren raised an eyebrow again, looking incredibly like Spock when he did so. "I hope that by being able to express your emotions with me and share information that perhaps you would not have shared with others who are not so impartial to the situation that you may gain clarity in your mind. I do not expect you to be cured as you put it, after one session. This process is likely to take time," he said and Leo nodded, exhaling heavily. He forced himself to remember the blazing row with Emily that had led him to be here in the first place. She'd given him an ultimatum – get help, or she was leaving. He'd booked the appointment less than five minutes after the end of the argument. "First I would request you remove your footwear from the couch," Soren asked calmly and Leo kicked off his boots, letting them fall to the floor with a heavy 'clunk'. "I would now like to gather a basic understanding of you, Leo. If you would not mind, please could you tell me some basic information about yourself, who you are, your family, your home, your work, and finally why you are here today," he asked in the same soft tone of voice. Leo wanted to bite. To tell him he knew damn well why he was here, and surely he knew about their family from all the time he spent talking to Seren, that this was stupid, that the whole situation was stupid. "Well… I'm twenty-three, I'm a part-Vulcan hybrid with a dash of genetically enhanced superhuman in there too. I'm studying engineering with Starfleet, but I already have my civilian degree in mechanical engineering, and Starfleet kinda promised me I'd graduate early… but it hasn't happened yet, uh… I live in an apartment with sometimes my girlfriend, sometimes not. She's a musician and goes away a lot. My family are… I don't know. You know about my family. I have an older sister Seren, I have a twin brother, and kind of another brother too because his bondmate is kinda like… my brother now… and then there's Spock." "Spock is your father?" Soren asked. He was jotting things down on an old-fashioned leather-covered notepad. Leo nodded. "And your other parent?" "You know full well that Jim is dead," Leo spat, perhaps more nastily than he had intended. Soren flinched slightly and then stiffened in his chair, his rigid posture a stark contrast to the squashy armchair he was seated in. "I apologise. All matters discussed with Seren during our sessions are considered to be a matter of doctor-patient confidentiality. I must assume nothing based on information she has given me, nor can I tell you or allude to anything she has ever told me," he said flatly and Leo nodded. "Sure. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah… uh… then there's Jim. Jim died just over two years ago. Things have been pretty fucked up ever since." Soren didn't flinch at his language but simply inclined his head in an invitation for Leo to continue talking. "Well, Jim died, Chris got hurt really bad and turned into a drug-addict, Spock went kinda crazy with grief and turned into this weird recluse-" "And you? What did you do immediately after this event?" Soren asked. "I uh… ran away. I hid away from everybody for a while, just to try and straighten things in my own head. Guess it didn't work so well," he said with a weak smile. "And finally, why are you here today Leo?" Soren asked. "I'm here because I uh… something weird happened to me… a couple of months ago, and I can't seem to get over it, and my girlfriend is sick of me waking her up at night crying about it," he said vaguely and Soren's dark stare pierced into him until he opened his mouth to speak again. "I had… a miscarriage. About six-weeks in. It's something to do with… I don't know. Jim carried us, it's been well documented, it was something to do with the augments. It turns out he passed that ability down to me… and I didn't know. And I did something stupid and reckless and I didn't know and then I-" he stopped talking abruptly, realizing he was already on the verge of tears. "You say you did something stupid and reckless? Not only was I present at the hospital that day, but your actions were well-documented. You saved the life of another cadet, I believe this person to be bonded to your brother, is that correct?" Leo nodded. "Had you known about your ability to carry a child, would you have acted differently that day?" he asked and Leo stared at the ceiling for a few moments, waiting for the plain white surface to answer for him. "If I'd have known I could do it, I probably still would have jumped out of the shuttle yeah, but if I'd have known I was actually… y'know, then I don't know. I think I probably wouldn't have. But then what kind of a brother does that make me? If I hadn't saved David? I'm pretty sure he's the only thing keeping Christopher from destroying himself." "You place the needs of your brother above your own?" Soren asked and Leo nodded without hesitation. "He's been through a lot. Anything I can do to help him, or make his life easier, I'll do it," he said honestly and Soren made a few more notes. "Tell me about your significant other?" he asked and Leo nodded, grateful to move the conversation onwards. "Her name is Emily. We've been together on and off for a couple of years. I've known her all my life, we kind of grew up together but then she went to boarding school in England and we didn't talk much for a few years. She's a musician, and she's so talented… she's a genius. She's beautiful and caring and generous and just… yeah. She's the only person I've ever loved… y'know, in that way," he finished awkwardly and Soren nodded. "You say your relationship has been on and off?" "Yeah we've split up a couple of times. To be totally honest I probably don't treat her as well as I should. I've been trying, since everything happened, to be better… but I'm upsetting her with my emotional state so it isn't going too well," he chuckled slightly at just how badly his efforts had been going. "Please elaborate?" Soren asked and Leo sat up, leaning back against the couch, legs spread wide in an attempt to ease the pain in his lower back. He had told Scotty he was too damn tall to be crawling around inside those fuel tanks! "Well. We aren't… y'know. Bonded. Our only mental connection is if she asks me to meld us, which sometimes I do, but I find it hard to keep things away from her and it upsets her a lot. I uh… after Jim I went and travelled a lot, and I behaved in a way that I'm really not proud of." "You were sexually promiscuous," Soren stated casually and Leo snorted. "If that's how you want to put it, yeah. I was a huge man-slut the whole time I was away. I know when I share our minds she see's things that I don't want her to see, things that I don't think about ever… but she somehow digs them up, gets into these corners of my mind that I never even… think about. But anyway, lately when we're been sleeping it seems like my mind is kind of… leaking? I guess I'd describe it as leaking, into hers, through body contact maybe, I know my shields aren't the best right now… and yeah. All my darkest, most depressing thoughts are haunting her, and now I sleep on the couch a lot, or I just don't sleep at all, and that's why I'm here," he blurted out and Soren nodded slowly, making a few more notes before looking up at Leo. "Emily, her parentage. Does she have any telepathic ancestry?" Leo shook his head. "Nope, humans. Plain and simple. Well, I mean, not plain, they're both geniuses in their own fields, but Emily is all human. Why do you ask?" "I ask because her ability to extract thoughts from you which you are not consciously sharing is very rare. This would usually only occur if you have inadvertently bonded, which I'm certain you would be aware of, or if both parties in the meld had some form of telepathic ability." "You're saying Emily is a telepath? I'm telling you she isn't. She's just a normal, human woman. Pretty much a hundred-percent certain she's PSI-null." "Indeed? Then perhaps you have bonded, or begun to form a bond, perhaps without realising it. Moving on from this, you say your darkest thoughts are entering her mind and causing her distress. Could you explain some of these thoughts to me?" Leo took a deep breath and began to talk. He arrived home several hours later, voice hoarse and eyes still puffy. He felt as though every emotion he'd ever felt in his life had been dragged to the surface, ruthlessly examined, and then replaced, raw, just beneath the surface again. He felt like a flimsy plastic bag full of jagged pieces of broken glass, just waiting for something to tear through the surface. It had been even harder than he expected to talk about the hurt he had been carrying for the last few months, harder still when the topic of conversation had turned to Jim. Emily crept out of the bedroom into the lounge as she heard the front door open and he just stood there looking at her. She didn't approach him and he closed the door behind himself, turning to lean his back against it before looking at her through the half-light. "I'm sorry," he said hoarsely. "Leo, don't, I don't need to hear you apologise, you haven't done anything to apologise for and-" "Please just let me?" he asked quietly and she nodded, taking a few cautious steps forwards. She was wearing one of his old tee-shirts and a pair of his boxers. "Aren't you cold?" he chuckled and she shrugged. "C'mere," he offered, sitting on the couch and patting the spot beside him. She settled on his lap instead and they sat in silence for a few moments, his thumb absentmindedly tracing small circles on the exposed skin of her thigh. "Firstly I want to tell you that I love you so much, even if I don't always act like it, I really do," he said heavily and she leant against his chest, nuzzling her face into his neck and placing a gentle kiss there. He held her tighter and took a deep breath. "Secondly I need to tell you that I really miss Jim… like a lot; and I… I wanted to thank you for being there for me through all this. I know it's been a really rough few years, but I think I'm starting to come to terms with him not being here anymore," he said thickly, fighting back tears and she said nothing, just nodded, placing her hand over his that was resting on her thigh and giving it a supportive squeeze. "Third… but kind of the most important really… I… I was so devastated about… about the baby, because I… I really want that for us. I know we've only been back together properly for not all that long, and I know that I have no right to… expect… something like this from you. But I really hope one day we can talk about it for real, and maybe put it in the correct one of us next time," he said with a half-smile that she glanced up just in time to see. "Soren… suggested that I name him, to help me find closure. I… I guess I liked Nathan, if that's ok, with you?" he asked awkwardly. She could hear in his voice how badly this was paining him. "I like it," she agreed softly, tears stinging at her own eyes as she squeezed his hand again. "I… from what I understand, he got frozen, along with the uterus. Your dad arranged it I think… and I… I think maybe I want to have him buried… maybe next to Jim. Where Jim should be, I mean," he said with a small sniffle. "Of course," she agreed quietly. "I know so early he couldn't have lived and I'm being stupid about this maybe but… I just. I can't stop thinking about him. I can't stop thinking about a perfect little combination of the two of us, and how loved he would have been," he sighed, one hand now smoothing her hair back off her face. "We could do this now, we could try now, I could stop touring, we could try and-" "I don't think we should. I think I'd be looking for a replacement, somewhere for all… this love I have… somewhere to put it all. It wouldn't be healthy so soon, but thank you for volunteering so eagerly, means I don't have to worry about convincing you further down the line," he said with a small smile. She smiled back, looking up at him. "And you aren't… being stupid. About Nathan I mean. At six weeks his heart was beating, he was really there, and I think about him a lot too," she admitted, tentatively moving her one hand to sit low on Leo's firmly muscled abdomen. He placed his hand flat on top of hers. "I'd be such a fatass by now," he chuckled. "You'd have only been about six months." "Yeah but I know I'd have been a fatass. Any excuse to eat more food, I'd have jumped at it," he said, his stomach giving a well-timed growl. "You hungry?" she asked and he nodded. "Always," he grinned. "Want to go get a shower before bed and I'll order us some Chinese from your favourite place?" "You saying I'm stinky?" "Well, no, but I know how much you like to shower before bed," she smiled up at him and he leant down to meet her, kissing her forehead softly. "You do make a very good case," he said, patting her leg as a hint for her to get up so he could move from the couch. He disappeared into the bathroom and she quickly called up and ordered their regular menu choices before changing the sheets on the bed to their softest set. He used to complain about them being too girly, as they were faintly printed with flowers, but once he'd slept in them had soon come around to them. "I think I'm going to cut all of this off," he said, towelling his long hair roughly as he emerged from the bathroom in a cloud of steam. "Yeah? I mean, it's up to you, I like it both ways," she smiled reassuringly. "I can't graduate with it like this, they'll kick my ass for breaking regulations on personal appearance," he smirked. "Since when did you ever care about rules?" she asked and he grinned, tossing his towel towards the laundry hamper in the corner and then fidgeting with the second towel around his waist. "I don't even use a separate towel for my hair," she taunted and he glared. "My hair needs to be treated like a princess. And I'm not putting the same towel that I used to dry my junk anywhere near my face, no thank you very much," he said bluntly and she burst into fits of giggles, tumbling backwards onto the bed. "You think that's funny huh?" he demanded, grabbing her bare feet and tickling them mercilessly until she couldn't breathe and they were interrupted by a knock at the door. Emily collected their food and allowed Leo the rare luxury of eating in bed. Normally she would have banished him to the table in the corner of the kitchen. "That's better," he sighed when he was done, sprawling out flat on his back with his arms outstretched. "I'm glad the solution to all problems in the universe has been discovered," she chuckled, gathering up their plates and the food cartons and taking it all into the kitchen to clean up. When she returned she'd barely even had a chance to lay down before Leo was on her, kissing her neck, hands all over her in a way that never failed to make her shiver. "Could you maybe… wear my clothes like this just forever?" he chuckled as he undressed her from his own clothing she'd been wearing. "Forever is a long time," she smirked and he seemed to hesitate, a very serious expressing crossing his face briefly. It took him only a few seconds before he seemed to brush off whatever he'd felt at that statement before he continued, trailing kisses down her now naked body, dark eyes glinting up at her mischievously as he descended, dragging the sheets down with him. His usual intensity was still there, but there was no urgency, nothing hurried about anything, she felt like she was being worshipped, completely revered by his every touch, kiss, movement. By the time he finally pressed inside of her, she felt like she could explode… whatever this strange energy was between them it was making her feel like nothing could ever break them apart. Their eyes met; faces only centimetres apart, and neither of them was able to tear themselves away from it. It felt as though time had stood still around them until finally they lay together breathing heavily, sated and grinning lazily at each other as they shared tired kisses until they fell asleep. Emily woke up the next morning feeling warm and contented, reaching out to her side to cuddle up to Leo she found the blankets crumpled and peeked her eyes open to see him sitting on the edge of the bed with his back to her, head down and looking at something in his hands. "Hey you" she mumbled sleepily and he turned to face her, sliding back under the blankets, his right hand tightly closed, left hand lightly caressing her cheek, brushing her hair back. Her eyes flickered closed again and she smiled as she felt herself drifting back towards sleep. His hand retracted from her face and she opened her eyes slowly again, noticing him not-so-subtly stashing something in his bedside drawer. "Whatcha got there?" she asked playfully and he smirked. "Never you mind," he grinned, pulling her close. It was several more hours before they got out of bed. They showered together, Leo attentively lathering her hair with shampoo for her, the soothing circles of his fingertips on her scalp almost enough to make her fall asleep leaning against him under the warm water. "What time are we going to your parents?" he asked, deep voice vibrating through her as they stood with his chest pressed against her back. "Uh… I don't know. For dinner. I think David ships out in the morning so everyone will be there," she mumbled in response. "Crazy that he's finally going, took so long for him to get to this point." "I just hope Chris is ok by himself, the house is taking forever to all go through… I'd hoped we'd all be there by now and he wouldn't be alone," she said sadly and Leo kissed her neck affectionately. "I love that you're so caring of him, it's really sweet." "Well, he's kind of my brother-in-law, right?" she said, turning to face him with that same wide smile on her face. "That's true. I still find it weird… those two. Like… they're best friends… except they have sex. It's weird," Leo grimaced, being broken off by laughter as she started tickling him. "How is it any weirder than me and you?" she asked and he shrugged. "I don't mean that it's weird that its two guys, I mean that its weird that outside of the house they're just buddies, then they come over or we're at their place and they hold hands and smooch all over each other in front of us and it's kind of… who do you think bottoms?" he blurted out and she gasped, bursting into laughter. "You can't ask that!" "I'll get David drunk and ask him. I totally think it's him." "Well… I've seen Chris walking funny leaving-" But Leo had put his hands over his ears and was beginning to loudly hum to himself. Emily laughed and hit him with a towel as they got out of the shower. They were only ten minutes late to the McCoy residence that evening, which by their timekeeping standards was something of a miracle. Chris and David were already there, and there was an ugly tension filling the living room where they were sat on the couch beside each other, not touching and not talking. Leo caught her eye and inclined his head slightly towards the kitchen. She gave him a curious look before she caught on. "I'm going to get a drink, anyone want anything?" she offered. Chris mumbled a negative response, David holding up the empty mug he'd been drinking from. "Tea?" she offered and her brother nodded. "I'll help," Leo said quickly, following her into the empty kitchen and closing the door. "They're so stupid to be fighting about this," she groaned, sliding her hands into her hair and gripping it in frustration. "If I was going away for six weeks, how mad would you be?" he asked and she shrugged, but was obviously unhappy at the thought. "Exactly. Now, imagine that, plus David is going to miss their anniversary, and potentially the anniversary of… y'know… if they get delayed coming back. I feel so bad for them both," he said miserably. "Do you think there's anything we can do to help?" "We could try forcing them to talk to each other?" She frowned. "Is that a good idea? Won't that make them fight worse?" "I don't see how they could be fighting worse. They already look like they want to murder each other," Leo shrugged. He walked back into the living room and before Emily could say anything to stop him; he'd dived into the middle of the situation. "Christopher, why are you angry at David?" "I'm not," he snapped. "David, why are you angry at Christopher?" "I'm not. He's being a dick about-" "Oh I'm being a dick. Sorry, I'll try and stop," Chris spat and David glared. They were both silent for a few seconds before they began yelling at each other in unison. "-not my fault you're so sefish-" "-the whole world doesn't revolve around you-" "-to not even talk to me about it!" They were cut off as Carol entered the room and whistled loudly, getting their attention sharply. David was breathing hard, on his feet now and Chris was on his feet too, fists clenched at his sides. "If something happens to one of you, do you really want the last thing you said to each other to be those words? Do you really want to have spent this last week fighting? You're members of Starfleet, for goodness sake! You're going to spend time apart, that's part of the job. I know this is hard for you both, I know you're both angry for your own reasons about this, but please don't be angry with each other, and please just make up and come sit down and we'll all eat dinner together as a family?" she offered and Chris and David looked at each other. "Sorry," David mumbled, looking at the floor. "Shake hands," Emily ordered from the doorway. David offered his hand first, Chris leaning forwards to take it. He grabbed the extended hand and used it as leverage to pull David to him, kissing him firmly, both hands taking hold of the sides of his face. Leo rolled his eyes and looked away. "Now both of you say you're sorry," Emily instructed. They both mumbled an apology. "Good enough for me, let's eat, I'm starving!" Leo said, quickly trying to move them along. He felt bad for both parties. Frustrated for Chris that he had to watch David leave on a mission he would have enjoyed greatly himself, but at the same time annoyed for David at Chris' lack of support and negativity. When the news had broken about the mission, Chris had been supportive and even kept up an act of being happy for his bondmate, but as the departure date grew nearer he'd become more outwardly bitter about the whole thing. Dinner was awkward. Emily did her best to keep conversation going, but both David and Christopher seemed to have very little interest in talking. After the meal they were quick to try and leave. "I wanted to ask you guys… please don't come down for the shuttle tomorrow. I wanted to say bye now, I don't want loads of people there tomorrow," David said awkwardly. "Totally understand. Be safe out there, ok?" Leonard said, stepping forwards to embrace his son, clapping him on the shoulder as they parted. "I'll be monitoring you, but make sure you do call home sometime," Carol said as she hugged David too. "Don't touch me," said Emily with a smirk as David got to her. He ignored her and grabbed her in a bear hug she couldn't wriggle free from, kissing the side of her face and making her shriek until he let her go. "You're the worst. But try not to die," she grinned to her younger brother who nodded. "Sure. I'll do my best," he smiled before reaching Leo. "I'd say good luck, but you don't need it. Enjoy it, you've earned it," said Leo, offering his hand. "Thanks man. That ship you've built not going to fall apart?" he asked as he shook Leo's hand firmly. "Well come to think of it… I did have a handful of bolts left after I finished the assembly… maybe I should ask Scotty if they were important?" he asked sarcastically and everyone laughed. Even Chris forced a smile. "Well. I'll comm. you guys in a few days once everything settles down and I get my shift rotation," he said as he grabbed his coat. "See you guys soon," said Chris glumly as he followed David down the driveway to his car. They both slumped heavily into the car, trying not to look at each other too much. Chris had a little cough that he'd been noticing the last few days, and it was tickling in his chest, but he did his best to stifle it until they stopped at a red light and he had to cough. He coughed long enough that David set a hand on his knee until it stopped and he looked up. "How long have you had a cough like that?" he asked quietly and Chris shook his head. "It's nothing, just a tickle in my throat," he answered. "You worry me when you get sick," he sighed as the light changed and they began moving again. "I don't think I'm sick, I think I'm just kinda run down from this week," he blurted out and David chewed his lip. "I'm sorry that I'm going. I know it's a bad time of year, and that I might miss the anniversary, and that I'll miss our anniversary, but I didn't get to choose the schedule, and if it was up to me I wouldn't be leaving you right now," he said miserably. "It's ok. I'm sorry that I've been an asshole about it. I should have been more supportive," Chris sighed, stealing a glance at his bondmate beside him. David's eyes were on the road, but in some ways seeing him focused just made him more attractive. "Does this mean we get to have make-up sex now?" David asked as they reached another set of traffic lights and had to wait. He glanced at Chris and their eyes met, both of them smirking as forgiveness filled their bond from both sides. "I think we get to combine it with 'you're going away for six weeks and I'm going to be damn frustrated' sex too. So yeah. That's the rest of our evening planned," Chris said casually and David smirked, leaning across and groping at Chris' thigh. "Not while you're driving the car," he protested, pushing David's hand away. "Spoilsport." They got back to Chris' apartment in record time and raced to the elevator, then through the apartment, clothes being thrown in every direction until they reached the bedroom. "Why have we not been doing this for the last few weeks again?" Chris asked as David pinned him to the bed. "I have no idea," David muttered as Chris pulled him down into a kiss. Several hours later Chris woke up alone in bed. The other side was still warm so he fumbled on the floor beside him until he recovered a pair of boxers which he pulled on before padding out into the living room. David was stood at the large window in the lounge, watching the sun rise over the city. "So that's where my pyjamas went," Chris commented and David looked round, a guilty expression on his face. "Yeah well… I'm pretty sure those are my boxers," he retorted as he glanced back. Chris glanced down and shrugged. "Yeah, pretty sure they are. Guess that makes us even." He crossed the room a few steps before pausing and biting his lip. David's back was covered in angry red scratches. "Chris?" "Mhm?" "You need to cut your fingernails," David laughed, turning around and Chris smirked. "Sorry." "Oh… uh. No, really sorry," Chris pointed out as his eyes trailed down towards the waistband of the pyjama pants. Several angry red hickeys were scattered on his bondmates lower abdomen. David glanced down his own body and sighed. "Why is it that you can leave me looking like I was ravaged by a whole harem of sex-crazed Orions, but I can't even leave a single mark on that thick hide of yours that lasts until the morning?" he asked and Chris grinned. "Superblood." "Pssh. I'll find something that'll last. Go make yourself useful and make some coffee?" David asked and Chris laughed, going back towards the kitchen area and turning on the coffee-maker. He was distracted after only a few moments by a pair of warm hands sliding down his back until they reached the waistband of his boxers, pulling them down on one side. "I think, right here," David said, trailing the pad of his thumb across the now exposed skin "You should get a tattoo." "Oh yeah? And what do you want me to get permanently blasted into the skin of my ass?" Chris asked, turning his head so his face was only inches away from David's. "I think something nice and simple will do. How about… Property of David McCoy," he grinned and Chris snorted with laughter. "The funniest part is I'll actually do it, then you won't find it nearly so funny," Chris dismissed him, smirking as he continued to make coffee, trying to ignore the hands wandering all over his body and the insistent press of the warm body behind him. "You wouldn't actually do it," David taunted and Chris shrugged. "Sure I would. In fact, after I go with you to the shuttle, I'm going to go find someone to do it right then." "This conversation is stupid." "You're stupid." "Shut up and give me some coffee," David whined. Chris laughed and poured up two mugs, adding milk to one and keeping the one without for himself. "No milk?" David questioned, raising an eyebrow. "It's been making me feel kinda sick lately, so I'm going to stick without. Last thing I want to do is throw up on you in the shuttle hangar," Chris sighed, taking a sip from his mug of steaming liquid. "You feeling nervous?" Chris asked, deflecting the conversation away from himself. He needed to cough, his chest feeling tight and constricted, but was determined not to in front of David. "Not so much. I think just kind of… accepted it now. I finished packing when you were still passed out, so I think I'm ready to go. Or y'know… as ready as I'll ever be," he sighed, sinking into the couch. "You're going to do great," Chris said as enthusiastically as he could manage. The silence in the room turned slightly awkward as they both sipped on their coffee. The sun was rising fast now outside the windows and the city was coming to life. "I'll miss this view, when we move," Chris said, getting up and walking back over to the windows. "I don't know if the city of San Francisco will miss you fucking me against the window though," David pointed out and Chris grinned. "That was a fun night," he laughed, turning to glance back at David who was smirking at him from the couch. "You're a damn exhibitionist," David grinned and Chris laughed. "The lights were off, it's fine." "I better go get my last water shower for six weeks," David sighed, getting up and taking his empty mug over to the kitchen area. "That was kind of a hint I'd like some company in there," he called back as he headed for the bathroom. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Saying goodbye had been relatively easy, all things considered. Chris hadn't let him talk much, and had made sure to tell him he looked adorable in his uniform, which had made him blush a healthy shade of crimson. He hadn't been expecting Chris walking him right to the shuttle, their two forefingers lightly touching just for the briefest of moments before he gave him a hearty pat on the back like any good friend would. "See you soon McCoy, try not to throw up on the way up to the ship," he said loudly, making sure people around heard them. I love you so fucking much. I'm so proud of you right now. I'll be waiting. David could hardly cope with the difference of what was coming out of Chris' mouth and what was streaming into his mind. "I… uh… sure. You too?" he said weakly, confused by the bond and the verbal stimuli all at once. "Take care," Chris mumbled with a half-smile, setting his hand briefly on David's shoulder before he set off walking towards the exit to the hangar area. David watched him go for a good few seconds before he caught up enough to send him a message through their bond. I love you. Don't sulk too much now. He boarded the shuttle and met two fellow recent graduates who were already aboard and ready to leave. No time for sulking, I'm actually off to go find the nearest tattoo shop. It took only a few more minutes before the remaining cadets had boarded. We're leaving now. I'll comm. you. The shuttle seemed to vibrate a little more than usual on take-off, but David calmed himself by hanging onto their bond as best he could, just taking in the positive energy from it. Make sure you do. I don't mean to be all clingy but yeah… you'd better call me or last night was the last time you're ever getting laid. Ever. David did his best not to smirk as he made conversation with the people who were now his fellow crewmembers for the next six weeks. There was only ten of them, nine in the cabin with the Captain up in the cockpit. "So you're David McCoy?" asked a nervous looking girl with mousy-blonde hair sitting opposite him. "Uh huh, that's me," he said tensely. He was getting nervous himself now. "Are you a doctor like your Dad?" she asked and he laughed. "No. No no. I actually pretty much pass out if I see blood. No. I uh… command track," he said awkwardly, pulling at his gold shirt. "Fair enough. I'm in engineering, Ensign Russo," she offered her hand. "Or just Louisa, is fine," she said, clearly uncomfortable with her newly attained rank just as David was. "Louisa. Nice to meet you." She briefly introduced him to a few of the other nervous looking young men and women in the shuttle and before he knew it, they were docking with the ship that was to be their home for the next six weeks. OK, we're docking. I'll check in with you in a few hours once everything settles down here. He didn't get a response from the bond, but his pocket vibrated. When he had a moment, he discreetly checked his communicator, biting back a laugh when he opened the picture Chris had sent him of the fresh tattoo now adorning his left buttock. Looks like you're stuck with me forever then. It was barely a second before Chris replied. Looks that way. A/N Go on, leave a review - I promise you it'll make my day :)
A/N - Hello! If you're still reading, I do realise the amount of time it's taking me to get this finished is kind of getting beyond a joke now. But I have excellent news... here's the next part, and the part after this is also almost complete! A few chapters left until the end! A brief warning for this one, there is mention of non-con at the end of the chapter, there is nothing graphic but it is hinted at strongly. Also a bit of gore if you get squicked out by blood then also watch out for that last little bit too. Oh, and if you leave me a review I'll be over the moon! Chapter Thirty-Four September became October and the weather started to turn. Spock retrieved his warmer coat from the spare closet in Leo's empty bedroom, replacing his light summer jacket in its place. He caught his reflection in the mirror and paused for a moment. His hair was becoming more noticeably grey now. He wondered if losing Jim had done that to him. Before Jim had died Spock felt as though he was barely aging a day, much as Jim seemed to also be escaping the visible signs of growing older so was he. Now he lay awake at night in the bed that felt much too vast for just one man and wondered how different things would be if Jim were still there beside him. Would they have gone back out? Would any of their children be serving aboard the ship with them? For a moment Spock closed his eyes and allowed himself to remember the feeling of Jim's strong arms around him, feeling safe and home. Knowing he would never feel that way again brought a familiar pain to his chest and the corner of his mind where the severed remains of their bond lay. He should have gone to New Vulcan to see a healer; he should have done it urgently. Now the bond would likely cause him pain until the day of his own death, which, if he was to experience Pon Farr again, would be in only four short years. He could not bond to another; he could not meditate through the fever with his mental strength in tatters with the loss of his bondmate. As so many of his people had done after the destruction of Vulcan, Spock believed himself doomed to die, to burn from the inside out as the Plak Tow cast him into insanity and eventual death. He didn't allow himself to dwell on this thought often; and quickly pushed it out of his head, taking the coat he had retrieved back into his own bedroom. Setting the coat on the bed, he crossed the room to the closet and parted the clothes hanging there, among them still was a single uniform of Jim's that he could not bring himself to part with. It was one he had worn following the birth of the twins, one size larger than his usual, but Spock felt it held strong sentimental value. He had always respected Jim's body and remarkable strength to have gone through the strains of bearing children. Jim had often complained that he never quite looked the same again, unable to shed the very last trace of softness that covered his otherwise solid muscular physique. No matter how slim he became, it would just never go away. Spock should have told him he was beautiful more often. With trembling hands he opened the safe using two very familiar dates. The stardate of Seren's birth, then the stardate of the twins birth. The small panel opened and he reached inside, fingers closing around the item he knew would bring him one tiny amount of comfort. Jim's wedding band. The departure prior to his death had been a fluke. He had been wearing his academy class ring, but not this one. Normally he wore both of the rings, or neither, but he never wore just one. Spock didn't know why his husband had removed it, but he was grateful that he had. He held it up, eyes taking in the well-worn piece of gold. It was scratched, dented and even slightly bent so it was no longer a perfect circle. To Spock it was his greatest source of comfort. He brought the band to his lips, the cold metal just barely brushing against them before he lowered it and placed it back in the safe. He pulled on his coat and composed himself before slowly making his way downstairs and pulling on his boots. It was a reasonably short drive to the cemetery, only around twenty minutes from the houses location in the suburbs. When he arrived he had to sit in the car for a moment. He could feel Christopher in his mind today, reaching out to him. Spock closed his eyes and reached out in return, sending what he hoped was warmth and comfort to his son. David had been away just over two weeks, so far Chris seemed to have been holding up well, especially since he knew the younger man hadn't yet been in contact, but if the feelings Spock was getting from him were anything to go by, that may have been about to change. In silence Spock got out of the car and walked through the rows of gravestones and tributes until he reached the very familiar spot. James T. Kirk To the stars and back again He had read those words so many times they had almost lost all meaning. He longed for the cold grey stone in front of him to crumble, to disappear and in its place be the man he'd never truly appreciated enough. "I love you Jim, and I miss you. As ever I regret I was not more open with my feelings when I had the opportunity," he said softly, his voice carrying uncomfortably in the still air. He stood in silence for long enough that he was starting to get very cold. Heavy breathing behind him startled him and he looked around. Leo was approaching cautiously, wearing his academy issued sportswear. "Been running… I ended up here and saw your car," he explained, still out of breath. "I hope you don't mind, I just wanted to say hi," he added quickly, not specifying who he was saying hi to. Spock inclined his head. "I do not mind at all." "Do you come here often?" Leo asked after a few minutes. "I believe that statement is commonly used to initiate social contact with a potential mate," Spock responded dryly. Leo chuckled nervously and Spock raised an eyebrow, half-smirking. "I endeavour to visit at least one day a month," Spock answered and Leo nodded. "I have never seen you here before," Spock added, inflecting his tone at the end of his sentence to sound almost like a question, but without him really asking. "I don't come too much. I didn't come at all for two years. Em thinks it's good for me, and Soren says it's good for me too," he said and Spock looked back to the headstone. "Do you think it is good for you?" Spock asked and Leo was quiet for a moment before answering. "I think so. I feel closer to him after I've been here. It helps with… y'know, with the other stuff too," he said quietly and Spock said nothing, only inclined his head slightly in understanding. "I am very proud of you, as I am certain Jim would be." Leo was silent but Spock didn't miss the tears in his eyes. They didn't spill though, just glistened for a moment before he forced them away. "Do you believe in souls Spock?" he asked and Spock looked at him, opening his mouth to answer when his communicator rang. He removed it from his coat and looked at it before flipping it open. "Christopher?" Spock I don't feel so great. Can you come over? He sounded like he was slurring. Spock felt rising dread, fearing his son had broken his long stretch of sobriety. "In what sense? Are you unwell?" he asked, not wanting to ask directly if he had been abusing any substances. I have this cough. I went to hand-to-hand this morning and when I got home I couldn't breathe right. I fell asleep and woke up and I've coughed blood all over. Leo's eyes widened and Spock's feeling of dread increased. "Where are you now? Do you require emergency help?" he asked, gesturing to Leo and beginning to stride back towards the car purposefully with a final glance back at Jim's memorial. In his ear he could hear Chris coughing and spluttering. M'at the apartment. Was trying to pack some stuff. I feel funny. I feel dizzy. "Are you in a seated position?" Spock asked as he and Leo got into the car. I'm… I'm laying down on the couch. My chest feels tight. I feel like I can't catch my breath properly. "Try to sit up, it may ease the pressure. I will contact Doctor McCoy and I will collect you from-" No. Please. Don't tell Bones. I don't want David to find out I got sick. Just take me to the ER, I'll see someone else. Leo and Spock looked at each other for a moment before Leo spoke. "Hey, it's me. Look, Bones is probably the best person for you to see, he knows your history better than anyone." Chris was silent for a few seconds, the only sound an uncomfortable wheezing. "Chris?" Leo asked cautiously. His twin began to cough again and Leo flinched. "We will be at your apartment in approximately nine minutes. Are you able to keep talking until we arrive?" Spock asked. Leo could see rare concern on his usually stoic face. Yeah… I can do that Chris answered weakly, spluttering again. Leo reached across and muted the comm on the car panel. "He sounds really sick. I saw him yesterday and he wasn't sick, just like a small cough that I barely even noticed," he explained and Spock nodded affirmative before re-activating the microphone. "How long have you been experiencing symptoms?" he asked and Chris wheezed pathetically for a few seconds before he answered. About – about three weeks. I didn't say anything because the house – and I didn't want to worry David. "Damn it Chris, you're an idiot," Leo sighed. "I concur with your brother," Spock added. Chris gave a tiny chuckle followed by more coughing. It took them only a few more minutes to race through town and reach Chris's apartment building. The elevator felt like it took ten times longer than usual until it finally allowed them to disembark on the correct floor. Leo let them in using his key and they found Chris half sitting half-laying on the couch, white tee-shirt flecked with blood which was also around his mouth. He was pale, with dark circles under his eyes. "Hey," he greeted weakly. "I think it would be wise to call an ambul-" "Don't. David will see," he protested weakly, interrupting Spock. "I agree. I think you need help right now. David would rather see you sick than get called back to go to your funeral, now stop being such a stubborn ass," Leo said firmly, pulling his communicator from his pocket and calling for paramedics. Following the advice of the emergency medical operator, Leo instructed Spock to help Chris sit up higher, trying to keep his airways clear by not allowing him to lay down and for fluid to pool in his airways and cause an obstruction. Only a few seconds after being carefully sat upright by Spock Chris spluttered a large mouthful of dark green blood all down himself; his face growing paler still. It took only five more minutes for two paramedics to arrive, by that point Chris was coughing up blood with almost every few breaths. Spock looked scared and had Chris's blood on his hands as he tried to help him remain sitting upright. The young-looking female paramedic took the lead and asked Chris a few simple questions, turning to Leo when Chris couldn't speak to answer. "Usually in good health?" Chris nodded weakly. "Any recent off-planet travel?" He shook his head before pausing and closing his eyes, concentrating on trying to breathe. "Any surgeries or hospital stays lately?" she asked and Leo shook his head. "The last surgery he had was almost three years ago, and he hasn't been in hospital since-" Chris cut him off by coughing, trying to speak. "Hospital Tues-day-" he paused to gasp a breath "and Thur-Thursday. Kids ward," he spluttered out. She used a tricorder to take various readings before conferring with her colleague. "Based off this I think it's something like pneumonia that's gone unchecked and started to cause chaos, but I think we need to admit him and run tests. We need to find where he's bleeding from and get it stopped," he explained and Leo nodded in understanding. Leo ask them please no big fuss. I don't want to make a scene. Please just drive me there in the car? I don't want anyone to see. "Uh could… I uh… bring him right down to the ER? I'll get him into the car now and follow you guys there," he offered and the paramedic looked at him and back to Chris. "I think he should really go with us," she said softly and Leo opened his mouth to answer back just as Chris spluttered again, more blood bubbling from his mouth. I'm sorry Chris, I don't think you have a lot of choice. I'll comm. David for you so he hears it from one of us and not if any paps get a picture of you outside. Chris didn't put up much of an argument as Spock half-carried him downstairs, his legs weakly trying to hold him up and failing. Leo checked first, and the coast seemed to be clear outside. One paramedic came out and the other followed, Chris being supported by Spock close behind. They made it almost to the car before a guy with a camera appeared from nowhere. Leo touched Chris on the shoulder before advancing on the man fiercely. "What's wrong with your brother, Kirk? Had a few too many drinks again?" he sneered, another two photographers now appearing. "Fuck off and die," Leo spat, lunging for the camera and missing as the man shifted unpredictably. A strange feeling of extreme aggression was rising, but he found he didn't want to control it. One of the other photographers had a cup of coffee clutched in his hand and Leo snatched it, throwing it at the first guy. The hot liquid covered him, the polystyrene cup bouncing off his head as he howled in pain. Leo glanced back; the paramedic car was speeding off now. They couldn't have got more than a couple of photos of Chris at the very worst. If he could just get their cameras… "Hey Kirk, your brother try to kill himself again? Hm? Why was he covered in blood this time?" one of the others asked loudly, clearly not deterred by their coffee-soaked colleague. Within seconds the man's camera was on the ground, stamped on, and it's owner hanging by his ankles in a vice-like grip. "I swear. You come near me or my brother again and I swear-" Leo snarled, dropping the man and letting him crawl away. "You swear what? You swear you'll go to jail for assault?" he smirked. Leo glanced up. Shit. There was a police car across the street, two officers out of the car with phasers drawn. He looked around at the scene he'd caused. Coffee-guy was moaning on the ground, camera soaked in coffee too, suicide-joke guy was also cowering on the floor, a lump forming on his head where Leo had accidentally on purpose slammed it into the floor when he turned him upside down, his camera was in pieces a few feet away. The third guy was nowhere to be seen. "Don't move!" "I'm not moving!" Leo protested. He considered running for a brief few seconds, but knew he'd only end up getting shot at and stunned, and would cause a bigger scene. The two officers approached, one of them roughly seizing Leo's arm and forcing it behind his back, forcing him roughly down onto his knees. "Hey, quit it!" he protested, wriggling. "Citizen, you are resisting arrest." "I'm resisting you trying to snap my damn arm off!" he argued. "If you continue to resist arrest, necessary steps will be taken to ensure your co-operation." "Necessary my ass," Leo growled as he was hauled back to his feet, his hands both pulled behind his back and fastened in cuffs. Another set of paparazzo appeared in time to get some lovely images of him being bundled into the back of the police car. He just hoped they caught the moment he aimed a kick at the arresting officer. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Spock had a tense wait at the hospital. He had not been allowed to accompany Christopher for any of his tests and had been confined to the waiting room. Leo had not arrived and he was curious of his whereabouts, until he saw the news rolling across the screen in the corner of the room. Footage of Leo being wrestled into the back of a police car, even going so far as to kick out at the officer as he was bundled in. He felt an odd mixture of shock and twisted pride. Leo had attacked two photographers. Spock had no doubt Leo would not have initiated any confrontation with the photographers and wondered what comments they would have made to provoke such a reaction. Sometimes Spock wished his children hadn't grown up into this life. For a while Chris had enjoyed the attention. Sometimes he would sit in his apartment with friends just after he had moved in and count the number of paparazzi they could see stalking him outside, waiting for him to emerge. After his injury he'd come to truly despise them. Seren got her fair share of attention now, but it was mostly much more dignified. People with questions about her research. Nobody really knew what to make of Leo. He had been the most sheltered as a child, and had never sought attention, but he seemed to attract it, whether it was intentional or not. As he neared the four-hour mark, a middle-aged female nurse with kind eyes approached him. "Mr Spock?" she offered and he nodded. She did not attempt to pronounce any of his full name, which after so long on Earth he was accustomed to. "Christopher has asked me to come fetch you. We're going to keep him overnight for observation, just because his fever hit one-twelve. It's on the way back down again now we have him on antibiotics," she assured as Spock raised an eyebrow. A fever of a hundred-and-twelve degrees was no laughing matter, and Chris must certainly be very unwell. "What is the diagnosis?" he requested as she led him down the corridor. "As they paramedics suspected, Pneumonia. It looks like he's been a little lazy with his immunosuppressant medication lately, and that combined with some of the children he's been interacting with… just meant it slipped past his guard," she explained and he nodded. "Will he have to discontinue his voluntary work in the paediatric ward?" he asked and the lady shook her head, smiling fondly. "Oh, no dear. He does a marvellous job up there keeping all their little spirits up. He'll just need to be more careful with his immune system as low as it is. You can't directly catch pneumonia, so he will have picked up just a simple cold that progressed." "I am gratified to learn he can continue. He finds his volunteering very… fulfilling," he said and the nurse nodded. Chris had been volunteering in various capacities at the hospital for almost two years. It had started at first to try and alleviate his fear of any medical environment. He started by reading bedtime stories to kids, after he'd passed the stringent background checks, and for a while moved on to the burns ward before deciding it was too close to home and was too painful a reminder every day, and switching back to paediatrics. He was deliberately evasive of David, or anyone else, seeing him around the children though, and this amused Spock. Since his Pon Farr, Chris' paternal instincts had clearly kicked in. He was obviously fulfilling those needs by spending time with the children at the hospital. They reached a room near the end of the corridor and the nurse beckoned him inside first. Chris was sitting up, oxygen tube in his nose, IV in his arm and hair sweaty and matted to his forehead. He gave a weak wave to Spock who approached him slowly, settling into a chair beside his bed. "Wasn't sure if you were still here," Chris admitted weakly. "I understand," replied Spock with a deep surge of shame for how he had acted previously when his children, particularly Chris, had needed him. "They won't let me go home," he pouted and Spock raised an eyebrow. "Your fever is still almost a hundred and ten degrees," he pointed out, glancing at the monitors. "But they've already pumped about thirty gallons of antibiotics into me! I want to sleep in my own bed," he grumbled. "Your body would not facilitate thirty gallons of fluid," Spock pointed out and Chris chucked feebly. "No, but I have pissed most of it out. I have to go every five damn minutes. Where's Leo?" Spock couldn't help but smirk very slightly. "I believe he was arrested for assaulting two photographers. Based on the length of time that has elapsed, I would imagine he will be arriving here shortly," Spock said simply. Chris' jaw dropped. "Assault? But he wouldn't ever hurt anybody! He doesn't have it in him," Chris reasoned. "Perhaps he is feeling… not himself of late," Spock said vaguely. "You think he's finally catching me up and he's going to get his Pon Farr?" "I am uncertain." They were both silent for a few minutes before Chris spoke again. "Did anybody talk to David yet?" Chris asked. "I have not. I did not want to alarm him by contacting him with vague information, I was waiting for your diagnosis," Spock explained. "Ok good. I'm not going to tell him. What he doesn't know won't hurt him." Spock was silent for a moment before offering his advice. "Though I do not claim that my own marriage was perfect, I do believe you should not keep secrets of this nature from one-another. If you discovered David had been unwell and had neglected to inform you, how would that make you feel?" he asked and Chris frowned. "I'd be pissed off," he said bluntly and Spock inclined his head. "There you have your answer." "Fine. Do you have your communicator?" he requested, looking completely pathetic reaching his hand out from the bed, pale and sickly. Spock extracted the device from his pocket and handed it over. He was about to offer to leave when Chris flipped the device open and began his call anyway. After a wait he closed the device again. "No answer. He's probably on shift." "Have you had much contact since his departure?" Chris rolled his eyes. "No. David didn't want us to talk every day and miss each other, so I haven't actually heard from him yet, other than a couple of written messages," he said glumly. "I believe Jim also found it easier that way, when I was away for longer periods of time. He would request I did not comm but just write messages instead," Spock shared and Chris caught in his tone of voice that this hadn't been Spock's preference either. "I guess I'm more like you then," Chris said, settling back a little more comfortably against his pillows and closing his eyes. He was woken a short while later by the communicator chirping at his side. Spock was no longer sat beside his bed, but his jacket was still on the chair, so he couldn't have gone far. There was no caller ID, so he flipped open the device. "'Lo?" There was a few seconds of silence. "Chris?" He smiled weakly. "Yeah it's me. How are you doing?" he asked, trying to make himself sound a little stronger but frustrated at just how weakly his voice came out. He still felt like he couldn't draw a full lungful of breath. "I'm fine. Why do you sound weird? And why are you calling from Spock's comm?" He closed his eyes and hoped for the best with his honest answer. "Uh… I'm in the hospital. I kinda uh... maybe have pneumonia and-" "Oh my god. Are you alright?! Do you need me to come back?" He chuckled weakly at the immediate protectiveness, fighting off the way it made him need to cough. "I'm ok. They're taking good care of me, just keeping me overnight for monitoring and then they're letting me go rest up at home. I'm fine, really," he said as firmly as he could manage. David was silent for a few seconds. "Don't lie to me you asshole." Chris' laugh turned into an aggressive coughing fit that had a nurse appear in the room doorway looking concerned. He got himself back under control and gave her his best winning smile and she backed away again. "Ok, no more lies. The truth is I feel like complete shit, and I'd give anything for you to be here right now. But I'll get through it, and it isn't even that long until you're home," Chris admitted. "No, it's not that long now. We're almost halfway through. I wish I was there to take care of you." "Mm. Would be nice," Chris mumbled, sleepiness overcoming him again. "You still with me?" "I'm here," he said weakly, trying to force himself to stay awake. "You sound exhausted, I should let you sleep. It must be the middle of the night there right?" Chris realised uncomfortably he has no idea what the time was, but it was definitely dark outside. "I think so," he answered finally. "I should really let you go back to sleep, I'm so sorry that I woke you. Feel better soon ok? I love you." "Don't go. Tell me about life on the ship?" Chris asked quickly. He felt lonely and increasingly uneasy at being by himself, and at Spock's strange absence. "Life on the ship? It's pretty boring. I sit in the chair for Gamma shift, I sleep, I eat, I work out, I avoid my Commanding Officer, that's all there is to tell really." "Why do you avoid her? She's pretty hot. Your type too," Chris smirked. He'd looked up who David was stationed with, and one member of the crew had certainly caught his eye. "Not my type. You should know by now that I only want you." Chris felt a surge of warm reassurance at those words. "You sure? Even though I'm all scarred and get sick a lot and… have to go to AA?" he hated how vulnerable he felt. It wasn't at all like him to seek reassurance like this, but several weeks alone had left him feeling weak. He heard David sigh. "I only want you especially because of those things. You're scarred because you saved Molly's life, and you get sick because you were selfless enough and fearless enough to do that when a lot of other people wouldn't have. And you're strong; you're the strongest person I've ever known. The way you're facing up to your demons and dealing with it just shows it and makes me respect and love you even more." Chris swallowed hard. He could hear another voice now, female, in the background. "I should let you get back to whatever you're doing," he said shakily. "I'm not doing anything that's more important than talking to you. My shift ended ten minutes ago and this is my personal time to use as I please." David's tone had shifted and Chris got the impression he was no longer the only person David was talking to. "I'm kinda sleepy," he admitted. "I mean I'm no doctor, but I hear sleeping is great for fixing that." Chris chuckled weakly. "You're a dick. I love you, goodnight," he mumbled. "Sleep well, I'll talk to you soon ok? Goodnight." There was a small click as the communication was cut and Chris stared at the communicator for a few seconds before the screen lit up again, informing him he had a new text message. Sorry, my CO appeared and was eavesdropping. Please look after yourself until I can get home to take care of you properly. I love you more than you could ever know. Chris felt immediately better at the typed words and slipped into a light sleep, only being disturbed when Spock re-appeared sometime later. "I apologise, I did not intend to disturb you," he said quietly as Chris peeked one eye open to check who'd entered his room. "S'ok," he mumbled, closing his eyes again. "Where's Leo and Seren?" he asked, wondering why neither of his siblings had appeared in the now half a day and night he'd been in the hospital. "Seren intends to visit you in the morning; she did not wish to disturb you resting. Leo is at home, he is experiencing the onset of his time," Spock said tensely. "Is Emily with him?" Chris asked. "She is. I must admit I am concerned for them both," he said in the same tight tone of voice. "They'll get through it. Like maybe it won't be the nicest thing in the world but they'll figure it out between themselves. Do you think he's got it in him to bond them? I mean, I struggled with it… and he was always even worse than me with the telepathy." "I believe Leo is more powerful than we may yet understand," Spock said thoughtfully. Chris didn't answer, he just allowed himself to fall asleep. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~*~* Before embarking on his training mission David knew only two things. The first, that he would likely assume the role of first officer. This had turned out to be true. The second, was that his commanding officer was a graduate whose first name was a closely guarded secret. Or, Lieutenant Hughes, as he was supposed to refer to them. He'd been expecting a man, maybe a few years older than himself. Someone physically impressive with a dominating kind of character. He had not been expecting a girl. He should refer to Lieutenant Hughes as a woman, but he thought of her as a girl. She looked even younger than himself; maybe even as young as Molly Scott, but he couldn't be sure. There was something about her though, that was for certain. She was strangely familiar. She was shorter than him by a few inches, dark hair and eyes. Built like she spent even more time at the Academy gym than maybe he even did himself, and certainly very attractive. She also took no shit from anyone. "Here's the deal. We all want this milk run to go as smoothly as possible so we can get home and get a real assignment," she'd said, pacing before the small crew of ten in the engineering deck where she had assembled them all on the first day. "My name is Hughes, or Lieutenant, or basically just any form of those two words. I will ignore you until you get my name right. Shift rotations are on the wall in the mess, if you don't like it or you have a problem with it, try and switch amongst each other before you come to me. We're all adults here, and I have no issue with you trading shifts so long as all posts are covered at all times. Also, McCoy, you'll be my first officer, and you might want to get medical to take a look at your neck. Everyone is dismissed," she'd sent them all on their way with a smirk, blush rising in David's face as he strode after her down the corridor leading from engineering towards the cargo bay. "Lieutenant?" he offered and she turned, glancing back at him. "Ensign?" she mocked his questioning tone. "I uh… why did you feel it necessary to try and embarrass me in front of the crew? Especially if you're making me your first?" he asked, straight to the point. "Wow. You are every bit as much of an asshole as I remember you," she said, stopping suddenly and turning to face him. "What?" he asked bluntly, too tired to play games. He scanned his memories. She definitely didn't share any classes with him, and was probably a few classes ahead at the Academy to already be at the rank of Lieutenant. She snorted, looking up and spotting a horizontal bar. She neatly leapt up and clutched it tightly, doing five pull-ups in quick succession before dropping and stepping forwards, right into David's personal space. "Are you telling me you don't remember me? Really?" she questioned in a low voice. "Did we… do pull-ups together one time?" he offered weakly and she frowned. "Who did this? She's got one hell of a bite on her that's for sure," she asked, grabbing his chin and tilting his head so she could see the marks he knew Chris had left him with the night before the shuttle. "That's not your concern," he said, stepping back and putting an appropriate amount of space between them. "I'm truly offended you don't remember me. I guess I'll put you on Gamma shift until your memory comes back," she shrugged, clapping him on the shoulder before walking away, leaving David infinitely confused. Aside from sending Chris a brief message to let him know he was alive and had pulled the worst shift rotation, David had no communication with home. He wanted to ensure he didn't make himself more homesick than necessary and found time was passing quicker when he forced himself not to think of home. Since their strange conversation in the corridor near engineering, he'd had no further one-on-one interaction with Hughes, and stayed away from her as best he could. They worked opposite shifts, sitting in the chair and watching absolutely nothing happen outside of the viewing port. He'd made friends with a few of his fellow crew-mates pretty quickly, and had arranged to meet four of them to play cards and have a few drinks as this was his one day off and they all worked Beta-shift, allowing their evening to be free. Cards had quickly escalated, and he was now sitting in a circle with his new friends, playing a game he'd always found hilarious if somewhat immature. "Truth or dare? You have to pick!" he was ordered as the spinning bottle stopped pointing right at him. "Truth," he answered quickly and the two girls sniggered and whispered behind their hands before asking their question. "What is the kinkiest thing you've ever done? He snorted and shook his head, laughter breaking out among the group as he prepared his answer "I uh… I fucked someone against a window overlooking the city, because they were turned on at the thought somebody might see," he finally answered and the group cheered loudly. He tried to hide his flush as he thought about the true answer to that question. He'd been the one turned on by it, and he'd also been the one to be fucked against the window, but they didn't need to know specifics… or that the situation had been with another man. The women on the ship all seemed fond of him, aside from Hughes, and he was determined to flirt enough to keep the question of his sexuality off the table. "Louisa, truth or dare?" one of the guys offered as the bottle was spun again. "Truth," she giggled. David zoned out until he heard the question. "You have to sleep with one of the Kirk twins, which one?" was asked and the group grew rowdy again as she started to blush. "Whichever one was the underwear model," she blushed. "That was… the engineering one, right?" one of the guys asked. "I don't know. One of them has long hair now, looks like a surfer, the other one looks too skinny though he's still pretty hot, but I can't tell which is which," Jennifer the communications Ensign offered. "Skinny one is Christopher, surfer one is Leo. Chris was the underwear model," David answered for them. "Oh uh… hmm… it's a tough choice. Can I pick both?" Louisa giggled and David did his best not to blush at listening to his partner be talked about in this way. You're being sexually objectified by the women on my ship you know he tried to send through their bond, knowing it was unlikely to reach Chris. He'd had nothing coming through and assumed that as they had expected, they just couldn't pass information over such distances. "Surely they must have so many threesomes, probably have women falling all over themselves," one of the engineering guys, Stevens, commented with barely concealed jealousy. "Ew gross, that'd be weird with your own twin," Louisa pulled a face. "I'm pretty sure they're both in relationships," someone pointed out and David made an affirmative sound. "One of them is banging your sister, isn't that right dude?" Stevens asked and David did his best to bite his tongue. "Yep," he answered shortly. "So you must know them pretty well then? Weren't you all aboard the Enterprise together growing up?" "I was too young to remember really, but yes, we were all there together. And yes, I know them both pretty well." "Did you know Commodore Kirk too?" Stevens asked, clearly tact was not his strongest trait. "I knew Jim," he answered bluntly. He could see the girls glance at each other. "Is he really dead? There's all these rumours going around that he's a spy and he's-" David stood up abruptly. "He's not a spy. He's dead. Can we not talk about him?" he asked, drawing himself up to his full height. Stevens nodded and David turned and left, storming back to his quarters. He had another two hours before his shift so he quickly changed into his workout gear and headed to the gym. He started with the punchbag, forgoing the gloves today and not stopping until his knuckles were torn and bleeding, hands throbbing and sweat rolling down his back. He ditched his sweat-soaked shirt and hit the treadmill, almost maxing out the speed as he pushed himself to work out all of his rage. It was like he'd been dropped into an icy pool, all of his emotions he'd kept so carefully contained since he'd been on the ship all hitting him at once. He missed Chris so badly it felt like his heart physically ached to be away from him. "You hurt yourself and I'm not giving you the shift off," said a voice from behind him. He hit the button to stop the treadmill, breath coming in harsh pants as he walked over to the weights corner and stacking the bar with about as much as he could manage and setting it on his back, squatting until his upper legs were parallel with the floor before pushing upwards, a pleasant burn immediately filling his legs as he pushed against the weight. "So that's how you keep your butt so nice and round and perky? Squats?" "Squats," he grunted back in affirmative. "Maybe I should add a few more into my routine." He didn't used to do squats, thinking of them as pointless. That was until he found out how much Chris loved grabbing at his butt in his regulation pants. The rounder it got, the more handsy Chris would get. It amused him to no end, and he did find some satisfaction in the amount he could lift. He felt exposed under Hughes gaze. She was looking at him and not even trying to hide it. He wished he'd left his shirt on. "So when did you get so big? I remember you as a skinny little thing. Well, not little, but skinny," she smirked and it finally hit him. He ditched the bar, dropping it with a clang before turning around to face her. "I slept with you," he said flatly. "More than once," she shrugged, lopsided smirk on her face. "And I never called you back, I'm guessing?" he offered and she nodded, folding her arms. "I uh… I'm sorry. I had a habit of doing that," he said awkwardly, scratching the back of his neck and looking at her sheepishly. "Just tell me who she is," she said quietly. "Who, who is?" he asked and she glared at him now. "The girl that finally got you to stop being such an animal," she said and he pinched the bridge of his nose, tilting his head down for a second before looking back up to meet her eyes. "I don't see how that's any of your conc-" "I'm just interested. Must be pretty special if she's tamed you. You're about the worst I've ever known," she said and he thought hard, back over nights he hadn't thought about for years. "Your hair was longer," he said as he finally remembered her. They'd met in a bar just off campus, right after he'd booked his second turn at his piloting exam. He saw her twice, failed his exam, and started sulking, meaning he was no longer picking up women every weekend. "It was. And you were a couple inches shorter, didn't have stubble, or muscles like that, or that sad look about you like you've left half of your soul back on Earth." If looks could kill, he'd certainly be dead by now. "Listen. I've changed a lot in the last couple of years. Yes, I met somebody, and I'm committed to them, but I don't need to tell you who that is because that isn't your business. I'm sorry for the way I behaved. I'm sorry that I didn't call you back, and I'm sorry that I didn't respect you, truly, I am," he said sincerely. She looked at him for a moment before nodding once. "I'm sorry McCoy. I had no place to come in here and… I just… you made me so… I felt worthless," she explained quietly, and for the first time he saw the vulnerable side to his commanding officer. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you feel that way. I was a complete asshole my first two years at the Academy, I'm sorry you got caught up in it," he said and she nodded. "It's all in the past," she said, effectively ending the conversation. She turned on her heel and began to walk away and David made a snap decision. "Wait!" She paused by the gymnasium door and glanced back at him, one eyebrow raised questioningly. "They uh… aren't a she. They're a he. And we're engaged," he blurted out. She looked at him for a few seconds before nodding slowly, a small smile breaking out onto her face. "Don't let the girls find out, they all want a piece of you," she said before leaving the gym. David finished up his workout before showering and changing for his shift. As he took the conn from Hughes she gave him that same smirk from the gym. Twenty minutes into his shift his communicator alerted him to a new text message. Is it Kirk? He typed back quickly. Yeah, it is actually. It took her only seconds to respond. Cute. So how long? He answered her quickly again. A couple of years now. There was a few more seconds this time before she replied. … I wasn't talking about your relationship, McCoy. He snorted before shoving his communicator back into his pocket, feeling somewhat more at ease that he and Hughes would get along better now. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Emily was working when she got the comm. from Spock. The one she'd known was coming for a few years now. She made her excuses and left the rest of the band at the studio before getting across town to Leo's apartment as quickly as she could. She let herself in and peeked around the door. Everything was half-packed, they were moving in a few days, but she noticed more things were in the living area. Spock was sitting neatly on the couch. "I removed items from the bedroom, anything he might break, or anything that might cause injury," he explained. "Know that this is not his fault," he said quietly and she nodded. The room temperature of the apartment was raised to an uncomfortable level, and she removed her sweatshirt. "Good luck," said Spock, standing and crossing to the door, letting himself out. Emily locked it behind him before walking towards the bedroom. She slowly opened the door, a rush of heat hitting her. The room temperature was even higher in there than in the living room. "Leo?" she questioned. He was lying on his side in their bed, wearing only his boxers and a white tee-shirt. She could see even from the doorway he was trembling and sweating. "Shouldn't have come," he protested weakly as she approached him, picking up a glass of water Spock had no doubt set thoughtfully on the side and helping him drink from it. "Of course I was going to come. We've known this was coming, I'm prepared for it, I'm ready for it," she said, her words not even convincing herself. He exhaled heavily, his whole body shuddering. "I'm sorry," he breathed as she carded her fingers through his hair. "Don't be sorry." It took only a few more minutes before Leo was unrecognisable, feral and desperate. Less than twenty-four hours later, Emily was shaken awake from a shallow sleep. "-Shit, you're bleeding. Emily? Can you hear me?" Leo was asking, he sounded panicked, horrified. She nodded groggily, metallic taste of blood filling her mouth and a sharp pain in her left wrist. Her body ached and her mind was reeling with the fresh bond, Leo's memories and thoughts mingling with her own. "M'fine," she protested, weakly pushing him off with her right hand before opening her eyes. There was blood on her hands and on the pillow where her head was resting. Leo looked terrified. "I was so scared I'd killed you," he breathed, pulling her close, careful to avoid her injured arm. "Is it over already?" she asked weakly and he nodded. "Yeah. It's over. Less than twenty-four hours must be some sort of record for most pathetic Pon Farr ever," he said, sounding only slightly less horrified. "I think your wrist isn't doing so hot," he said, gently reaching out to her left arm and causing her to whimper in pain as he touched the swollen joint. "And I bit you. That's where most of the blood is coming from. Let me go get a-" he trailed off, stumbling out of bed and into the bathroom and returning a few moments later with a warm wet cloth. "I texted Seren to come and mend your wrist. She should be here soon," he said quietly as he cleaned the blood off her neck and chest. He'd bitten her deeply where her neck and shoulder met, and the wound throbbed more angrily the more alert and awake she became. She whimpered in pain before she could stop herself and Leo looked at her, eyes filling with tears. "I'm so sorry," he whispered. She shook her head but broke down, sobs racking her body. He looked at her uncertainly, as if he wanted to hold her but felt he couldn't. "Can I?" he offered, putting his arm around her. She buried her face into his shoulder and sniffled as he awkwardly stroked her hair. "Why can't I feel you in my head?" she asked and he as silent for a few moments, having become aware of his presence in her mind retreating to the point she could no longer feel him at all. "Because I'm holding it all back right now. I didn't even ask to bond with you, as soon as our minds touched I just couldn't stop it and… I didn't want you to be overwhelmed when you woke up. I'm sorry, I never meant for any of this to-" He was cut off by the door chime and their eyes met. "Let her in, it's ok," Emily instructed. He dressed quickly and silently, placing a gentle kiss on her forehead before leaving the room to unlock the front door. Emily felt very aware of her nakedness save for the bedsheet as Seren entered the room, Leo not with her. "Where's-" "Leo is waiting outside, he wanted you to have privacy. I'm here as a doctor, so anything you want to say to me right now is confidential," she explained, setting down a large medical bag and taking a few steps closer to the bed. "He wants to hand himself in to the police. He feels he deserves punishment for his actions," Seren said bluntly and Emily shook her head. "No! No that isn't… he didn't…" she stammered and Seren nodded sympathetically. "I know. I know," she said, placing her one hand over Emily's uninjured wrist and touching her reassuringly. "I need you to tell me, besides the injuries I can see are you in pain anywhere else?" Seren asked in a gentle tone of voice. Emily's bottom lip quivered as she began to cry again. "It's ok, you're ok," she comforted. Within a few minutes Emily was laying back down, her one arm wrapped carefully inside an osteogenerator that was repairing her broken wrist. All other injuries were relatively minor and she refused any treatment for them. Seren slipped out of the room as Emily fell asleep through sheer exhaustion and was immediately at her brother's side. "She doesn't hate you," she said quietly. "I hate myself though," he said bitterly, clenching and unclenching his fists. "You shouldn't. This isn't something you can control. It's in our biology, it happens to every Vulcan or part-Vulcan. It happened to Chris, to Spock, and it will one day happen to me. You cannot hate yourself for something over which you have no control." He looked haunted. "Maybe we should find a way to control it. Somebody should find a way. There must be something we could do with medication or-" "Leo, stop it," she interrupted him calmly. "Emily doesn't hate you, or blame you. I'm going to leave now, her wrist will be all fixed within another hour and she needs to wear the support I've left with her for the next week. You need to rest too. Go and talk to her," she said firmly and he nodded, pulling himself together. Seren left and he took a deep breath before approaching the bedroom, awkwardly loitering in the doorway rather than entering the room. "I can feel you in my head again," said Emily quietly from the bed, obviously able to sense him standing so close. "Yeah I uh… sorry. It's going to take us a little bit to figure out how to control this," he answered just as quietly. His presence within her mind retreated again. "Can we take a bath?" she asked, peeking up at him over the blankets. "In an hour once your arm is all done, definitely," he said, taking a few steps closer to the bed. "Please don't feel bad. I knew this was coming, I knew this was something we were going to have to get through, and it isn't so bad… really I'm fine," she said, managing a weak smile that he didn't believe for one second. He lay beside her, staying outside of the blankets and loosely draping an arm around her waist. "I always figured we'd get married first. I was going to… ask you to bond on our wedding night. I always wanted to do it all in one day, if we stopped fighting long enough to get to that day," he said with a weak chuckle. "You couldn't control-" "No. You're right. But I never really wanted to bond as a necessity; I was hoping to do it on my terms. I was hoping maybe I'd make it a bit longer before my time came. And I still haven't found the guts to propose to you yet," he said with a small smile. "I don't know what you're worried about," she smiled back, shifting a little closer. "It's got to be perfect," he protested. "I'm sure when you ask, it will be," she agreed quietly. They slept a little while, just letting their bond settle. Leo woke up first and ran a warm bath and filled it with bubbles before waking Emily and helping her gently free her arm from the osteogenerator. She flexed her wrist cautiously. "Does it hurt?" he asked; guilt clear on his face. "No it's just a bit stiff. Seren warned me it might be for a few days. It's fine," she added quickly. "I'm-" he started but she cut him off by quickly covering his mouth with her hand. "I don't want to hear any more apologies from you today, got it?" Knowing when it was best to give up, he simply nodded and they retreated to the bath together. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Life had both improved and got worse for Jim since he had been moved to live in Raato's quarters with him. The Orion was barely ever there, which was great, and he now had access to a window, a bathroom, and a bed that was more than just a slightly softer patch of floor. But he had to keep on his best behaviour, fearful of what could happen if he didn't. He wasn't the only captive living in the quarters with the Orion, and he knew only too well what would happen if behaviour wasn't what the Orion expected. Only a few days ago Raato had killed one of the other captives right before his eyes. He had returned from his shift on the bridge and dragged her aside. Jim hadn't seen what had happened next, but had heard it. He'd had to rely on every bit of his Starfleet training to keep himself calm, and to keep the three other captives cowering with him in the bedroom they shared calm as they listened to the attack in the main part of the quarters. He had then called them all out, made them look at the poor woman before him on the floor, battered and bleeding. "This is what happens when you do not do as I ask," he had said slowly and clearly before removing the long blade he kept fixed to his belt. "Whatever she didn't do, I'll do it, don't kill her!" Jim had put himself forwards. Raato laughed in his face before gripping the woman's head by her hair and slashing her throat in one smooth movement. Jim had lunged for her and put both hands over the gaping wound in her neck, knowing it was too late but desperate to help her in any way he could. He held her as she gasped one final breath and then lay still, her blood spreading steadily across the floor. He'd dragged Jim into his bedroom then, the only room to which they were not granted access. He never spoke to the other captives of what the price had been for his actions, but he didn't need to, they all looked at him with understanding on their faces. Each of them had been taken into that room at least once. There were now only four of them living in the quarters, selected to service Raato's needs. The price for their small increase in comfort was high, but Jim did his best to use it to his advantage. When Raato was finished with him he would often lay in silence as the Orion gave orders through the comm system. He'd catch tiny bits of information about their location, planets they may go to, ships they had dealt with. It seemed like Starfleet weren't looking for him, but more like Raato was looking for them. One day he heard it, about a week after Raato had killed the female who had been captive with Jim, he heard something that gave him a tiny scrap of hope, as well as filling him with dread in equal measure. "-and you are certain this is a Starfleet vessel?" "Yes Raato, sir, we are quite certain. Our source suggests a vessel with a junior crew. They would offer little resistance." "I want information on the ship, I want to know how useful it would be to us. How many crew?" he had demanded. Jim kept his eyes tightly closed, feigning sleep. "The information we have suggests ten sir. They would be no match for us," the officer reported. Shit Jim had thought that's a training mission. Some sort of milk run with a bunch of fresh graduates. "Excellent. Set a course. We certainly have room for ten more, wouldn't you say Captain?" he demanded, wrenching Jim upright by his hair. "I know you listen to me. I know you do not sleep when I am done with you. From now on you go immediately back into the room with the others, do you understand me?" he hissed in Jim's face. Jim stared at him for a few seconds before nodding slightly in understanding. "Make yourself useful," he spat, pushing Jim to his knees with one hand and reaching towards the fastening of his trousers with the other. Jim retreated into his mind, forcing himself to think of the possibility that interacting with this Starfleet vessel could give him the chance for escape that he longed for so desperately.
A/N Here's the next part, enjoy! Please leave reviews if you have a spare moment, I always love to get them :) Chapter Thirty-Five *~*~*~*TWO WEEKS LATER*~*~*~* "Maaaammaaaaaa ooooooohhh, I don't wanna die, sometimes wish I'd never been born at aaaaaall!" "Jesus laddie, that lady of yours know you've got such a set of lungs on ya'?" Leo smirked and didn't answer as he enjoyed the blaring guitar solo. As soon as it got outside of regular hours Scotty often had his choice in classic rock blasting in the engineering bay. "I see a little silouhetto of a man-" "Hand me that wrench would ya?" Scotty interrupted. Leo obliged. "Scaramoosh, scaramoosh, will you do the fandango?" "You know you could'a offered to do this instead! I'm not as young as I once was," he grumbled from where he as laying on his back underneath a shuttle, just his legs sticking out. "Ah but Scotty I can't hit the big notes when I'm laying down," Leo smirked. "I didn't know until you started working here you could – bollocks! - could hit the big notes at all," he grumbled and Leo got a whiff of the distinctive smell of burning uniform. "You alright under there?" Leo asked, leaning down to check on Scotty, unable to help himself from singing as he did so. "Oh mama mia, mama mia, mama mia let me go." "Could ya' jus' let Freddie sing Leo? Jeez. I cannae cope with how uncanny your damn impression is," he grumbled as he hauled himself out from underneath the shuttle, red in the face and smeared with grease. "Done?" Leo offered, putting on his best innocent face. "Done," Scotty nodded. "I'll let ya' get home to that lovely wife o' yours now then lad, just help me put away all this mess," he said, gesturing to the numerous shuttle parts littering the floor. "She's not my wife," he chuckled as he started to pick things up and return them to their various homes. "As good as. And you've been happy the las' couple weeks an' all. She's a good egg. You'd best be lookin' after her properly," he said firmly and Leo rolled his eyes. Scotty was almost as protective over Emily, Joanna and Seren as he was over Molly. It was sweet, but also annoying, because if ever Emily and Leo had argued the Scotsman could immediately tell from Leo's mood and would then spend the whole shift explaining to him how he was (probably) in the wrong. "Of course I am," he argued back half-heartedly as he carried an armful of tangled wiring back towards Scotty's office, the song finishing up in the background and him singing along to the last few lines. "Nothing really matters, anyone can see, nothing really matters… nothing really matters-" "To me?" a voice from the office cut in and Leo flailed wildly, dropping all the things he was carrying and almost landing flat on his back. "Jesus Christ Molly!" he roared as Molly laughed hysterically. He clutched at his chest, his heart pounding rapidly against his ribs. "I think… I think I actually shit myself," he sighed as she laughed only louder. "You're not funny! It's dark in here!" he defended and she finally pulled herself together. "Do I get a point for that?" she asked and he glared before nodding slowly. She punched the air triumphantly. "So where are we now? Seventeen to… Twelve?" she asked and he nodded. "I'm catching you up!" she sing-songed as she ran out into the main engineering bay to find her father. "I'm letting you! And my revenge will be swift and without mercy!" he yelled after her, going to his tiny space in the office and picking up his wallet, keys and communicator from where they had been left during his shift. He glanced at his comm. He had a couple of messages waiting. One from Chris, one from Emily. He ignored them for the time being, grabbing his casual clothes from his locker and heading for the showers. Once washed up and re-dressed he bundled his grubby engineering-bay uniform into his locker before heading out. It was an old friends birthday and he was meeting a group of guys at a bar for a few drinks. He arrived a little late and was instructed on arrival that he needed to catch up, and handed two double shots. The next four hours passed in a blur, alcohol flowing freely, laughter and dancing, as well as flirting with women at the bar. Emily fell further and further from his mind the more he had to drink, until one of the girls he'd been talking to leant into his ear. "My friend and I think you're really cute," she smiled, twirling her hair around her finger. She was a little taller than Emily, more athletically built and less curvaceous, blonde hair cut into a blunt, asymmetric style that hung above her shoulders. Her friend was equally distracting. "I think your friend and you are really cute," he slurred, smirking as he sipped on another drink. She giggled and trailed her fingers up his forearm. "We were wondering if you'd like to come home with us." He raised an eyebrow, his drink stopping between the bar and his mouth as a strong blurriness overcame him. Surely he hadn't had that much to drink? He tried to count backwards but found his mind too fogged to be able to remember how many drinks he'd actually had. "We don't mind sharing," added the second girl, draping herself around Leo now from the other side. "Problem is ladies, I'm kinda attached," he resisted, his logical mind screaming at him to stop this and go home, another part of him trying to make him walk out of the club with these two women. "How attached can you be if you're out here and not home with her?" asked the blonde, her dark eyes very serious up close. "She's working. I can do what I want in my own time," he answered quickly. Emily was playing a show in New York, she'd be home tomorrow afternoon and she knew he was going out to some bars, and had trusted him not to get into any trouble. "Besides, I'm sure you ladies don't want to share, there's not enough of me to go around," he shrugged, finishing the rest of his drink. He'd enjoyed the attention but he needed to stop this before it went any further than flirting. He couldn't cheat on Emily, no matter how much part of him was trying to push him to do it. "Looks to me like there's plenty of you to go around," she quipped in response, one hand groping at his crotch through his jeans. He was slow to react, his thoughts feeling like they had to crawl through tar before they were enacted by his limbs. He backed away two steps, almost pushing over the second girl who was stood on his other side. "By attached I kind of mean bonded. I uh… yeah," he said, pushing his hair back at one side so she could identify him by his distinctive Vulcan ears. Her face changed completely. "Oh my god I knew I recognised you! You're Chris Kirk!" she grinned, her friend squealing excitedly. "No… no I'm not," he backtracked quickly. "Then you're the other one, the quiet one." "I'm not that quiet," he said, before he could stop himself. Her smirk was back now, almost daring him. He glanced around the bar, his friends were nowhere to be seen. "It was a pleasure to meet you, but I gotta get home," he said, quickly backing away and leaving alone. The cool night air helped clear his head a little, and he mentally scolded himself for almost going home with those girls. You're bonded now. For life. Show some respect and don't flirt with girls at a bar! He rubbed his forehead with the heel of his hand before pulling his communicator from his pocket. Emily hadn't called, and he had no messages. She'd been distant with him since the day after his Pon Farr ended. He had to admit he had also been distant with her, feeling guilty that he had injured her in his out of control state. He sent her a text. Hope the show was good, can't wait to see you tomorrow. He walked over ten blocks towards home before she replied. It was great. How was your night? You home? x He considered lying to her, telling her he was home already but then he changed his mind. On the way. You've been weird with me… since it happened. Are we ok? x He walked a bit further, getting home in good time and letting himself into the house quietly. A flickering light from the lounge caught his attention and he followed it, finding Chris passed out in front of the TV, cuddled up to what he recognised as one of David's sweatshirts. He'd recovered almost fully now from his pneumonia, but it had given David a huge scare and Leo knew he was desperate to get home. He'd been doing his best to keep an eye on his brother and help out wherever he could. He grabbed a blanket patterned with cartoon tribbles that was draped messily over the armchair in the corner of the room and carefully covered Chris over with it before shutting off the TV and tiptoeing from the room. Chris didn't stir apart from nuzzling his face into the fabric of the sweatshirt he was holding. Leo crept quietly up the stairs and into the bedroom on the right, ditching his shoes, jacket, jeans and shirt and crashing into bed in his boxers. He heard his comm. sound in his jeans pocket and groaned into the pillow, leaning down off the bed and fumbling for the device, wanting to read Emily's reply before he went to sleep. Of course we're ok. I just have a few things I want to talk to you about, but we're ok. Night x He frowned at the device as he re-read the message. What could she mean by a few things to talk about? He debated sending her a long message, demanding they have this conversation now. Instead he fell asleep with his communicator clasped in his hand, face down in the pillow that smelled like Emily's strawberry shampoo. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* David was both excited and nervous when his shift ended. He and Chris had made plans to chat via video-link at the end of his shift. He was now on Beta shift, slightly better hours, meaning that when it was nearly bedtime for him on the ship, it was the start of Chris' day, meaning they found it easier to catch each other. He'd been worried about Chris since he had been unwell. They had chatted via the video-comm. the day after Chris had been discharged from the hospital and he'd looked awful. Chris had assured him in recent messages that he was feeling much better now, if not slightly tired from moving house and studying for his impending finals at the academy, and had asked that they video chat again. Reaching his quarters he noticed his comm. panel was already lit up with an incoming transmission request. He jabbed accept and sat on the edge of his bunk, waiting a few seconds for the connection to complete. Chris was in their bedroom at the new house, the early morning weak sunlight lighting up the room in a pale tone. He was sitting on the bed, the communication running through the screen on the wall at the foot of the bed. His hair was a mess, two days of stubble on his face, wearing nothing but the white bedsheet pooled around his waist and a smirk. "I feel overdressed," David opened with, feeling like the temperature in his quarters had suddenly risen by a considerable amount. "Easily fixed," Chris shrugged. In the pale light of the bedroom his scarring was more pronounced, the sections of angry green skin punctuating much of his chest and upper arm. David accepted the invitation and pulled his two shirts over his head in one movement, taking care to remove them slowly, flexing every muscle as he pulled the fabric over his head and discarded it to the floor. "How's it going?" David asked and Chris smiled, a mischievous quality to it as he tilted his head slightly to the side and messed his hair up even more. "Yeah, going ok. I mean… things are getting kind of… hard… with you having been away for so long now," Chris said, even throwing in a pout for good measure. Jesus Chris, you are going to be the death of me David thought as his heart started to pound, sudden erection pressing uncomfortably against the zipper of his uniform pants. "Oh yeah? I mean things have been hard here too. We can work on that when I get home. How are you health-wise?" David asked, wanting to at least ask the question that had been on his mind the most since they had last spoken. "I'm good, much better. I have a little bit of a vitamin deficiency going on, that's all," he said, dark eyes so very intently focused on David that it almost made him squirm. "What vitamin? Are you taking a supplement?" he asked, wanting to be caring before this turned into what he now had no doubt it was going to. "Vitamin D," Chris said with a growing smirk. David snorted a laugh. "Oh D huh? Well, don't worry you'll be getting plenty of the D soon enough," he rose to Chris' poor joke and the Vulcan positively grinned. "God I can't wait to get you back here. This bed is huge, feels weird without you," Chris sighed, shifting a little. "You've lost weight," David noticed aloud. Chris was usually slim, he had been since his injury, but his ribs seemed more visible. "Maybe a little. Haven't had anyone here who cooks me delicious dinner," he hinted and David blushed a little. "I'm not that good at cooking." "You really are. And besides when I get back you'll need to feed me up enough that I can keep up with you in the gym. I want to bulk back up. More like you and Leo. I'm too scrawny." "I don't think you're scrawny," David quickly interjected. Chris raised an eyebrow. "Next to you? I'm scrawny. I mean look at you," Chris said, voice lowering and that same almost predatory look seeping back into his dark eyes. David blushed a little at the attention. "Can't wait to get my hands on you when you get back, missed you so bad," Chris said, voice low and smooth. "What are you going to do?" David asked, swallowing hard. He could feel his heart rate increasing, blood rushing in his ears, his uniform pants painfully restrictive. "What am I going to do? Hmm. That's a good question," Chris murmured, shifting a little again so that it was now clear he definitely wasn't wearing anything under the sheet draped lazily across his lap, David could see his bare hip down to his thigh on one side. "Well first I figure we'll be so excited to see each other that when we get home we'll probably just grind on each other right inside the damn hallway of the house until we both come in our pants like teenagers," Chris said matter-of-factly. David smirked and shrugged, knowing this was likely going to be the case. "But once we're done with that I'm going to drag you upstairs to this bed, and I'm going to strip off every piece of clothing on your body, then I'm going to lick up all the mess we will have just made," he said, voice so low David could practically feel it vibrating through his chest. He barely stifled the moan that wanted to escape at just the thought of it. "What are you thinking about?" Chris asked and David palmed himself through his uniform, unable to resist. "You. Your hands, your mouth Chris… god your mouth," he breathed helplessly. "Good. Take off your clothes, now," he said firmly and David obeyed without hesitation. "Don't touch yourself yet," Chris warned and for a few seconds David strongly considered disobeying. The two men stared at each other intensely before Chris smirked dangerously and began to speak again, voice low and sensual. "So once I've got you all cleaned up, I'm going to get you all messy again. Get you sloppy wet and open for me, and then I'm going to pin you to this bed and fuck you, but I'm not going to let you come. No. I'm going to fuck you until I come, then you're going to fuck me. That's it, touch yourself," Chris encouraged, pupils blown wide with his own arousal, sheet pushed aside and his left hand around his own erection pumping lazily. "Chris, fuck," David whined, biting his lip. Watching each other through the video comm. was just too much for him to handle, having been apart so long and barely having time for anything other than very quickly jerking off in the shower, his endurance was drastically reduced. "And… there's something else I want you to do to me David," Chris said, voice low and sensual. "What is it?" David asked, fighting to keep his voice steady, his hand moving more rapidly. "I want you to come all over me, on my face, in my mouth… I want it all over me. I feel so dirty even saying it… but I can't stop thinking about it," he admitted breathlessly. David knew his mouth must be hanging open in an expression somewhere between comedic shock and extreme arousal. "Fuck, yes, yes I want to, so much." "Do you have any lube there with you?" Chris asked and David shook his head, biting his lip as he neared the edge, fighting to keep back from it. "Shame. I mean, I do, but it's too bad you don't too," Chris said conversationally, letting go of himself and fumbling in the sheets for a small bottle before pushing the sheets aside, letting his legs fall open, drawing one knee up and to the side. David's jaw went slack as Chris reached between his legs and lower, circling his own hole for a moment with two slick fingers before pressing one inside. He moaned quietly, head tipping back, exposing the long line of his neck to David's hungry gaze. "Wish I was there to do that," he said awkwardly. Chris didn't seem fazed by talking dirty to him over the video link, but David felt uncomfortable and it showed. Chris added a second finger and whimpered as he pressed them deeper. "Not gonna last," he warned as he resumed stroking himself with the other hand. David shook his head and bit his lip. "Me either. Fuck you're so hot, can't wait to get home and ride you," he said, barely even believing the words had come out of his mouth, red blush rising in his neck. Chris looked surprised but enthused. "Yeah? I can't wait either. I'm so close," he warned. "Oh god, me too," David moaned, biting the back of his other hand to try and stay quiet. Chris finished first by a few seconds. The sight of his bondmate going over the edge, blissed out expression, his release splattering his torso up to his chest was enough to send David over too with a loud groan half muffled by his hand. They sat in silence for a few moments, both just breathing heavily and staring at each other before David laughed breathlessly. "That was kind of intense," he giggled. Chris grinned. "Yeah, but going to be so much better when we can actually do it for real," "Agreed. Is this a secure channel?" he asked breathlessly, slumping back onto his bed and staring at the ceiling. He heard Chris's chuckle. "Of course. We couldn't have the media get hold of something like this now could we?" David lay still for a few moments until his breathing and heart rate had returned to normal before sitting up slowly. Chris was smirking at him, already cleaned up, and looking wide awake. "You look kind of wrecked." David glanced down at himself before lunging for his discarded uniform undershirt and using it to mop up the rapidly cooling mess on his torso. "Won't somebody in laundry see that shirt?" "Not if I throw it out of the airlock," David grinned, dropping it back to the floor and resuming staring at his bondmate. They stared at each other for long enough that it should have been uncomfortable, but it wasn't, it felt perfectly right to just look at each other, memorise the details of the others face. "So I was thinking when you get home, we could have a conversation," Chris said, tone not quite as relaxed now. "Well, I was thinking that too… I mean sex is great but we'll have to talk to each other at some point eventually," David teased and Chris rolled his eyes. "I'm being serious. I was hoping we could talk about getting-" The door chime of David's quarters rang and he froze in sheer panic for a second, before scrambling for clothing. Chris watched, slowly pulling on his own casual clothing as David quickly re-dressed in his uniform, now less the undershirt which he hastily kicked under his bunk before answering the door. Chris watched as an attractive female entered his bondmates quarters. "Hughes. I'm kinda busy, is this anything important?" The woman, Hughes, looked at David, then at Chris on the screen, then back to David; who was still obviously flushed from their earlier activities. "It is, actually. First of all you should introduce me to your friend there," she smirked, nodding at Chris. David rolled his eyes. "Lieutenant Hughes, Christopher Kirk," he said very quickly and the Lieutenant grinned. "Your boyfriend." Chris opened his mouth to protest before David answered first. "I prefer the term bondmate, or partner, or basically anything other than boyfriend… makes us sound about fourteen when you put it like that," he scrumpled up his face. "She knows?" Chris asked and David nodded. "Apparently my pining for you hasn't been at all subtle. But don't worry, she's cool," David assured and Hughes nodded. "I can tell you guys the good news together then, even better! We're going home. Just got orders, we drop off one last batch of supplies from the Starbase to that new colony, and we're ready to go home. Should put us back planetside in about five days or so," she said, smiling as she looked between David and Chris who were both grinning like idiots. "That was all gentlemen, nice to meet you Kirk. I'll leave you guys to it, it stinks like sex in here anyway," she said, turning on her heel and leaving David's quarters. The door swished closed behind her and he groaned as Chris began to roar with laughter. "This-isnt-funny!" David protested as Chris only laughed harder. "Your commanding officer just told you your quarters stink of sex, and found us on the video comm. I think that qualifies as pretty damn hilarious! She seems ok, I'm sure you could have been stuck working with worse people," he said, getting his giggles under control and David nodded. "We started off pretty rocky. We're good now though, everyone on board is getting along really well. But holy shit five days?! That's almost a week earlier than I was expecting!" "I'll just have to make sure the house is ready for you when you get back. You're going to love it," Chris smiled. David had left before Chris had moved into the house they would be sharing with Emily and Leo. "Hmm. I'm sure I'd love anywhere I get to live with you," he smiled, trying to stifle a yawn. "What were you-" he had to stop and yawn widely, unable to stop himself any longer. The tiredness of the mission was building after barely having any time off for the past six weeks. "What were you saying before Hughes came in? A conversation?" David asked and Chris blushed a little. "Oh… uh… it's ok, it can wait until we see each other, only a few more days now. Plus you seem pretty tired, I don't want to be keeping a man from his bed," Chris said and David slumped into the bunk, kicking his uniform pants back off again. "You look wrecked," Chris commented and David found just enough energy to raise his middle finger in the direction of the comm screen. "I didn't realise how tired I was until just now," he mumbled, nuzzling his face into the pillow. "Would it be creepy for me to stay on the line just to watch you sleep?" Chris asked and David peeked one eye open to look at him on the screen. "That would be just about the creepiest thing ever." Chris laughed and David felt like his heart skipped a beat just at the sound of it and the expression on Chris' face. He looked so relaxed and content, and was looking at him in a way that almost made him want to hide. "Do you mind though? Just for a little bit? I've missed watching you sleep. Just pretend like I'm not here," Chris asked softly and David snorted. "Can I roll over and face away from you?" "Can you ditch your boxers if you're going to so I can stare at your ass?" Chris smirked and David managed a tired chuckle. "G'night Chris. Love you and all that," he said quietly, eyes closing. Chris was silent for a few seconds before he responded just as David was drifting off to sleep. "I love you so much. Goodnight." *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "Where are we going?" Joanna asked with a giggle as she was pulled along by her hand through the crowded corridors. "You'll find out when we get there," Quinn grinned, turning to give her a brief wink. She recognised the route through HQ as heading towards one of the main shuttle bays. "Are we taking a shuttle?" she asked as they took a sharp left, further confirming her theory. "Maybe," he answered shortly. "Is this for my birthday?" she asked excitedly and he smiled knowingly. "It's for me to know and you to find out, ok?" he said mock-firmly and she pouted. He led them through the busy shuttle bay towards a corner she was not familiar with. She noticed Chekov standing nearby and waved and smiled. He waved back, in conversation with another crewman standing with him. Tucker gave him a questioning look and Sulu tilted his head towards the left, hinting at one of two small shuttles in the area. After a hasty thumbs up to Chekov, Tucker was talking Joanna into boarding the shuttle. "Where are we going?" she tried again. "Somewhere nice. You'll like it, I promise," he said and she looked at him suspiciously. "There'll be snow," he admitted and she squealed excitedly, bounding into the shuttle. Growing up in Georgia, then in space, had meant that as a young girl Joanna McCoy had rarely got to see snow. Now in the second half of her twenties it still brought out a childlike excitement in her. Boarding the small shuttle she noticed a suitcase as well as a pillow and blanket folded neatly in one of the seating areas. "Long flight?" she asked and he shrugged. "Long enough I thought you might want to get some rest. We're going somewhere on Earth, but it'll take us a few hours to get there," he said, smiling as she moved in close and wrapped her arms around him. He closed his around her in return, resting his chin on top of her head and breathing deeply. "I won't ask any more questions then. But I will tell you I'm really excited!" she said, skipping like a child towards the rear of the small shuttle and getting comfortable for the flight. She managed to take a short nap before deciding to sit up front next to Quinn. "Not too much further," he grinned. They were soaring over water still, impossibly high in the atmosphere as Joanna looked down as best she could through the cockpit window and tried to make sense of it. "We're at about eighty-thousand feet," he responded without her needing to ask. "What are we doing when we get to… wherever we're going?" she asked and he smirked. "I can't tell you sorry. We get there, we have a few hours after we check in, then we're going somewhere to try and spot something special, then we're sleeping, then I gotta get Chekov this shuttle back before anybody notices it's missing," he said and she smiled; excitement and nervousness twisting her stomach. It felt like it took hardly any time at all and they were landing softly on fresh, brilliant white snow. "Get changed, can't have you freezin' up on me," Quinn instructed, unzipping the suitcase that had been sitting inconspicuously at the back of the shuttle and handing her a warm coat, extra woolly jumper, her winter boots, hat, scarf and mittens. "You remembered everything," she grinned and he shrugged. "Not quite. I realised on the way over that I think I forgot my toothbrush," he admitted, scratching the back of his head. She giggled and proceeded to pull on all the extra clothing he had packed for her, him adding layers of his own before he released the hatch and the door opened. They clambered outside into a perfect winter landscape. Rolling hills covered in dark evergreen trees stretched as far as the eye could see, everything covered in a thick helping of snow and looking something like a freshly iced Christmas cake. He looked around for a moment, getting his bearings. "Ok, we need to walk that way," he instructed vaguely and she looked at him suspiciously before taking his offered hand, the two of them beginning their walk through the thick snow, struggling as it came up almost to their knees. They made easy conversation as they walked, until they rounded a corner and Joanna couldn't find any words other than- "Is that where we're staying?" she asked as the structure came into view. "It might be," he grinned knowingly and she squealed with excitement, almost knocking him over with the force of her hug. "How did you know I've always wanted to stay in one of these?!" she asked, not remembering ever telling him this particular dream of hers. "Oh… you know, a little bird told me," he said vaguely, face pink with the exertion of walking through the snow and carrying the suitcase. "David?" she asked, cutting straight to the point. "Yeah. Maybe. In my defence, he knows a lot about you!" he said and Joanna laughed. David had a memory for odd, seemingly useless pieces of conversation that others would often forget. They were staying in a building that was half log-cabin, half generated shield. The wooden structure ended at around waist height and the high domed ceiling was a perfectly clear energy shield generated by a small unit built into the cabin. The shield could also be set at varying levels of transparency, and also to be clear from the inside but opaque from the outside, allowing total privacy, not that they had yet seen another soul since arriving. "This is too much," she said quickly and she took her hands. "Darlin' nothin' is too much for you, ok? Now get used to it because there's more," he said softly and she swallowed nervously. "More now or more later?" she asked and he laughed. "Always with the questions. More later, come on, let's get in before one of us starts losing toes or fingers, damn cold out here," he said, holding her hand tightly as they approached the small building. He entered a code and the shield acting as a door dropped, allowing them entry. It was blissfully warm inside the cabin, and somehow seemingly larger on the inside than it looked from the outside. The cabin was mostly one large room, with one door leading off which Joanna presumed was the bathroom. The floor was wooden and felt warm underfoot, with plush rugs scattered around. A large bed was at one end of the room, a fireplace near to it with a chimney going upwards and out through the shield ceiling. There was a small kitchen in one corner, a small table for two, a comfortable looking couch with piles of cushions and blankets. "Quinn!" she scolded, knowing this must have cost him a lot of money to rent for the night. "Nuh-uh," he protested, beginning to strip off layers of winter clothing. "This is a gift, no complainin', no arguin', just enoying, alright?" he said, and she got the feeling this would be the final time he would argue this with her so she nodded, trying to stop her eyes brimming with tears. "Ok, thank you. I think this is the nicest thing anybody has ever done for me," she said honestly. Sure she'd had great trips away in the past with the family, and growing up had never wanted for much, but never had a previous boyfriend done something so thoughtful for her birthday. "So, we have a couple hours until the sun goes down. I figure we can-" Quinn was cut off by Joanna pressing her lips to his, pulling at his shirt as she did so and pushing him back in the cabin towards the huge four-poster bed sitting right in the middle of the main room. "We can probably do this for a while," he smirked as they broke apart for air, him now on his back on the bed, Joanna straddling him on all fours. "Yeah, this is good," she answered breathlessly as he pulled her final shirt over her head and threw it aside. "Computer, set shield transparency level," Tucker called out hopefully. A bleep confirmed the computer acknowledged him. Request level. They smirked at each other for a moment before Joanna answered for them. "Transparent one-hundred percent from the inside; and opaque one hundred percent from the outside." Tucker raised an eyebrow, his smirk growing. Confirmed. The shield around them briefly changed colour as their request was actioned before becoming clear once again to their eyes. "Think it's worked?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. "I don't care," she answered with a grin. *~*~*~*Four hours later*~*~*~* They hadn't moved from the bed since they arrived aside from Tucker getting up to fetch a bottle of Champagne in the fridge, as well as some strawberries and melted chocolate. "It's so beautiful," Joanna whispered as they watched the swirling of the Aurora Borealis over them, warm and secure in their bed, their planned night-time hike forgotten as there was no need to leave the cabin to see the lights. Quinn leant down to set his glass of champagne on the floor for a moment and pick something up from the floor that he had hidden just under the bed earlier; Joanna didn't take her eyes from the colours above her. "Not as beautiful as you," Quinn responded and she turned to protest and froze before she could say a word as he turned onto his side facing her, head propped up with one arm, the other hand outstretched towards her with a small, sparking object clasped between his forefinger and thumb. "I'm sure you probably had a feelin' this was coming… so here goes," he cleared his throat and glanced down for a moment before meeting her eyes again. The shimmering of the green aurora above them was reflected in them and he had to take a moment to stare. "You're everything to me… Jo… I really can't believe it's only been a couple of years because I feel like I've known you forever. You're so funny and kind and beautiful and you just make every day so much brighter… I want to give you the rest of my life, and I want to spend it trying to make you as happy as you make me every single day. Joanna McCoy, will you marry me?" he asked softly and her eyes filled with tears as she clasped both hands over her mouth in disbelief. She started nodding a few seconds later, taking her trembling hands away from her face and wrapping her arms around him, pulling him close. "I'm gonna need an answer darlin'," he chuckled as she nearly crushed him with the force of her embrace. "Yes. Charles Tucker the fifth, I will marry you," she grinned, tears of joy spilling onto her cheeks as she moved back slightly so he could slip the ring onto her finger. "It's-"she started before stuttering over her words. "It's an Opal. I uhh… I talked to you dad, to get his blessing to ask you… and I asked him and he said they were your favourites since you were little," he admitted sheepishly, feeling immediately guilty when two more large tears rolled down Joanna's face. "My mom used to wear a necklace of them, all different sizes," she said and he nodded. "I know. One of them is the one in your ring," he said and she sniffled, looking at the stone set in the ring on her finger. "H-how?" "Your dad had a few small things he saved from her house. The necklace was one of them. I had the stone replaced in it… I just wanted the one in your ring to be from it," he said, cheeks now bright pink with embarrassment. "Thank you," she whispered and he smiled, holding her close and planting a gentle kiss on her forehead. They were silent for a few long minutes, alternately looking at each other and the mesmerizing patterns that swirled above them in the night sky. "So you asked my dad for his blessing? How'd that go?" she sniggered after a few minutes and he let out a heavy sigh. "He's still the most terrifying man in the world, but it seemed to go pretty well. He said he was grateful something good had come of that day on the ship, in us meeting, and then he said some nice things about me being a decent guy but that he'd kill me if I hurt you, and then your brother said he'd find a way to raise me from the dead to kill me again if I ever hurt you… so… yeah, it went about as well as expected," he said and she giggled, linking their hands together. "You asked David too?" she questioned and he nodded. "I wanted to… just to make sure your family were ok with this. Your dad and your brother are very protective of you, it only seemed right to ask them both," he said and she grinned. "You're so adorable with all your old-fashioned gentlemanly charm." He leant down and closed the gap between their lips once again, kissing her tenderly. "I love you so much," he said softly when they broke apart, their lips barely an inch apart. "I love you too, forever." *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "He asked her then?" David asked excitedly and his father nodded, a smile creeping onto his face. "How did he ask?" he pressed, feeling a little bit like he was just asking for gossip but at the same time just so happy for his sister. "They went up to one of those cabins with the clear shields as roofs way up North and he asked her under the northern lights and the milky way… all sounds very romantic," said Leonard, David could tell he was half fighting the urge to roll his eyes, and half actually genuinely impressed with Quinn's romantic gesture. "Well that's adorable, she loves the snow." "She always did. I think I gave him the idea. I also gave him a necklace of Jocelyn's; he had one of the stones taken from it and set in the ring he asked her with." David swallowed dryly. He knew Joanna missed her mother, she rarely talked about her but losing her at a young age hadn't been easy. She had a very good relationship with Carol, but David knew it would never be the same. "That's really thoughtful," David sighed wistfully, sitting on his bunk. "Oh he'll ask you soon enough, don't sweat it," Leonard chuckled at his son's obvious hint of jealousy. "Pssh. As if. I'll still be waitin' on him when I'm old and grey. It's ok though, things are good as they are," he said, genuinely meaning it despite the sceptical look from his father. He glanced at the time, his shift was due to start again in only half an hour. It felt like days since he and Chris had spoken, but in reality it had only been about nine hours. The time difference caused David no-end of confusion. "You on beta shift?" his father asked and David nodded. "Guess I'd better let you go then. It was good to talk to you. It'll be good to have you home kid," he said, fidgeting with the buttons on his shirt and not making eye-contact. "Yeah; you too Dad. Tell Mom I said hi, I'll try and catch her at home next time, but I should be home in a few days now, and tell Joanna I left her a message," he said and his father nodded. "Will do. Be safe out there. I'll see you soon," he said, looking up at the screen again with a small smile. "I will. See you a couple of days!" he said cheerily, cutting off the comm. link and slumping back into his bunk for a few minutes before hauling himself into his tiny bathroom for a sonic shower. He dragged himself to the bridge a few minutes before the start of his shift to relieve Hughes who smirked as she passed him over the chair, still amused by earlier when she had caught David and Chris on the video comm. Fighting to keep himself awake already, David began his eight-hour stint in the Captain's chair of the small ship, no idea that his very boring time on the ship was about to change entirely. ~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~ Chris couldn't deny that finals week was absolutely killing him. He had exam after gruelling exam, and he was grateful David was away because even if he had been home he would have struggled to get two words out of him with how busy he was with all of his exams. When he'd received a comm. from Carol sounding terrified he'd dropped what he was doing and rushed across campus, barging his way into the room to be met with something that made a lead weight fall into the pit of his stomach. The ship David had been on had been attacked and heavily damaged. There was no visual comm. link, only audio, and Carol as well as two other senior members of staff were trying to keep the link open. She locked her eyes on him the second he entered the room and pulled him to one side. Her face was white and scared and she all of a sudden looked awfully small and vulnerable, nothing like the strong woman Chris knew her to be. "Who-" "We don't know. Not Klingons, that's all we have for sure yet. A bulkhead was breached and several cadets were sucked out but somebody got it sealed and there's someone still alive out there, we just can't get a response but the signal is verified going through. David's bio signs are still active but the system is so screwed up its flicking life signs for all of them and-" she drew a sharp intake of breath and closed her eyes. Chris took her hand and although he knew he shouldn't, forced waves of calm into her mind through the physical contact. "So what are we doing about it?" he asked as calmly as he could. She swallowed hard and took a second to compose herself. "There's a ship on the way, I think it's Sulu… he… he said he's going to go and take a look and rescue anyone left," she said, voice finishing in almost a whisper. "You call Bones?" Chris asked quietly and she nodded. "He's in surgery, didn't get through. I left a message but he could be hours," she said, a single tear falling and slowly beginning to trail down her face. "Shh, it's ok, I'm sure he's ok. Where are the bio sensors for the ship?" Chris asked and she pointed him to the left. He approached the panel, taking a second to establish himself with the readings. David's heart rate was registering as 194bpm, blood pressure high, body temperature high, breathing rate rapid. There were two people's monitors showing nothing at all, and the other three were showing life signs that would flicker in and out, dropping into dead before coming back to life. "His is the only stable reading," Chris pointed out. "We commed for engineering to come check the panel over, but if the ship broadcasting the information is damaged the information can't be trusted," Carol said slowly. The door slid open and for a few seconds nobody reacted. It wasn't until Chris noticed Admiral Mitchell standing in the door way and immediately stood to attention that everyone else followed suit. "At ease. What's the situation? Something on the graduate training mission?" he asked and Carol gave him the shortest explanation she could muster. Chris could see fresh tears glinting in her eyes as he slowly made his way towards the comm. panel and the two officers sitting there trying to make contact with the ship. "Your son is aboard?" Mitchell asked and Carol nodded. "I think it's better if you leave, Admiral," he said and Chris glared at the back of his head, biting his tongue. Carol clenched her jaw and stood her ground. The comm. panel crackled with a terrified voice Chris knew all too well. HELLO? ANYBODY? "You've got the command centre here, who are we speaking to?" the officer at the comm. desk responded. Help us! Something… I don't know what they were. They blind-sided us. We've got injuries, and the bulkhead breached and I think… I think two were sucked out. I think they're dead. "Verify your identity," the officer prompted. Ensign David McCoy. Will you help me now? Or is this part of your training too? Chris could hear David losing his patience rapidly. "Can you give us any more information? Are the hostiles still in the area?" I think they boarded the ship. We're hiding in engineering, the door has been locked down from our side so we should be safe for a while. "Captain Hikaru Sulu of the USS Intrepid is near to your position and they will be with you within the next thirty minutes," the officer relayed. There was only silence from David's end of the communication. "Can you confirm the identity of the others who are with you in the engineering deck?" A crackle of static. Uh… yeah. I've got Hughes but she's knocked out, Riley… Paul Riley is here, and uh… Louisa Russo and Javi-, and… uh… fuck. Wait. There was screaming in the background and Carol closed her eyes. Chris could see her shaking from across the room. He glanced to the admiral to find his eyes firmly on him and he moved forwards towards the comm. panel. "McCoy? It's Kirk. Are you hurt?" he asked carefully. There wasn't any response but the sounds of weapons fire now came through the comm. panel. "David?" he pressed. Then he heard it. Screaming. David screaming, the other cadets screaming. He felt sick. "David? Please tell me you can hear me ok? Please respond." He practically barged the officer at the comm. post aside to get their monitor, whole body tense as he listened to the battle on the ship. Bursts of weapons fire, a cry of pain, more weapons fire followed by what sounded like a door closing and then silence. "David?" Chris tried again. Chris. They're here. Fuck they're here. I'm going to die. I don't want to die, please He was panicking, whispering as they were obviously hiding from whoever they were fighting. "You aren't going to die. Who is it that's aboard the ship?" he asked, wanting to be able to get the information to Sulu so he'd know what he was going into. They… They look like Orions. Slavers maybe. They got into engineering through the door, it's like they were looking for us. Riley's been shot, don't know how long he's got without medical attention. I'm hit too but it isn't so bad. We managed to take a few of them down but we had to pull back. We're hiding in a ventilation shaft above the main deck, I've re-routed this to my personal comm. and we can't get back to the panel. There was a collective sigh in the command room. Admiral Mitchell ran a hand through his hair, ordered one of the officers to update him and then left the room at a brisk walk, the second he was gone Carol rushed to the panel. "David?" she asked. Mom? "Are you okay?" she breathed and there was a choked sob from the communications line. People are dead. "I know sweetheart. I know. You need to stay strong now and work together and you'll be okay. Sulu is close, they'll help you," she assured. I'm going to die. They're going to destroy the ship and I'm going to die. "You aren't going to die," Chris interrupted sharply. No? And how do you know that? "Because-" Chris paused. Then he blurted out his next sentence without a moment's thought for the consequences. "Because we're going to get married. And you can't be dead. You have to get home so I can make an honest man out of you. Just say yes," he said, fighting back tears. There was a long pause then a sound that could have either been the beginning of laughter or tears. Are you serious? Is now a good time to be having this conversation? "Good a time as any. What do you say? David McCoy, will you survive today and get back here safely and marry me?" he asked. Carol had one hand over her face, the other now resting on Chris' forearm, gripping tightly. God damn it Chris! There's a time and a place. I'm… fucking shot! And hiding in a fucking vent about to get abducted and sold into slavery! "Should I take that as a yes?" Chris asked. Yeah… Yeah I guess. If you're serious. "I'm very serious. Now get home safe and we will, okay? Now it's been ten minutes, Sulu is closer to you now, he's so close. You'll be safe soon. Any sign of any hostiles?" Chris asked and David exhaled heavily. I can't believe you fucking proposed to me. "Slavers, David, are there any?" None that I can see. "And the rest of the crew, are they in the vent with you? Safe?" There's five of us. Two I think went out the breach, two unaccounted for, but five here. One is making a bloody mess of the place though. Chris could hear a small chuckle in the background, presumably from the injured cadet. "That's good. Just stay where you are, stay quiet and keep safe. I'm going to get off the comm. now, you guys should probably stay quiet and-" Chris was cut off as the incoming sound became nothing more than a mess of screaming. There was a loud metallic slamming sound and more screaming before a burst of static and then silence. Chris closed his eyes and took a steadying breath, his heart pounding against his ribcage as he did everything he could to try and reach out to David's mind through the bond. It wasn't working, he was just too far away and they had been apart too long. He punched the nearest panel in frustration, heart pounding in his chest. Beside him Carol was trembling as she gave orders to the officers sat at the monitors. It felt like an age before they received a comm. from Sulu. They had reached the ship, three cadets had been found hidden above the engineering deck. Ensign David McCoy and Lieutenant Hughes were not amongst them, and the Orion ship was nowhere to be found, but that they had a trace on their warp signature and they were prepared to pursue. Carol managed to get Chris a seat on a shuttle going up to space-dock to join a ship heading out the following day which could rendez-vous with the Intrepid, meaning he could join the search. He focused all his spare energy into funnelling one thought through the bond, hoping against hope it was getting through. Hang on David, I'm coming to get you back.
A/N Hey to anybody still reading. I know it's been absolutely forever, sorry. I decided I needed to do a bit of living so I took myself backpacking around Australia and Asia, and it was pretty fucking awesome. But it also meant I didn't have my laptop so I couldn't write. But now I'm back so here is the next instalment, with apologies for it taking quite so long. A bit of a warning for this chapter because I don't want to upset anybody... there's some fairly mild gore and violence, as well as a lingering threat of sexual assault and one short scene during which an assault takes place. I've placed a page break at the actual scene so anybody who wishes to read the chapter but not that small section can avoid it. It's also mentioned again later in the chapter but not as a flashback or anything. Anyway, I'll try not to leave it four months before the next part... Chapter Thirty-Six Nearly twenty-four hellish hours passed before Chris received word that he would not under any circumstances be allowed aboard the Intrepid as it pursued the Orion ship that had captured David. Carol had done her best to argue the case, but the other Admirals were hearing none of it, claiming emotional compromise would render Chris unfit for duty. He had no choice but to sit his last final, staring blankly at the floor barely concentrating as his hand moved rapidly across the page, writing but not really thinking. He'd probably fail, but he couldn't bring himself to care even slightly. He was aware of people staring at him everywhere he went on campus, but it took until mid-morning before he called in to Spock's office and found out what was really going on. "It appears the details of your conversation with David have been discovered," Spock said quietly, so quietly Chris could barely hear him above the noise of the students chatting loudly loitering outside the office door. He hated this tiny, badly positioned office they had forced on Spock, and he resented Mitchell all the more for his pathetic vendetta. "Which conversation? We've talked a couple of times." That's exactly what he couldn't deal with, some sordid scandal of his private conversations coming to air in the press right now. "The only conversation which did not take place over a secure channel. The conversation during which you proposed marriage to him," Spock said, looking up at Chris, one eyebrow slightly raised as if as a question, asking him to confirm. "I don't… I don't really care, Spock. I don't care right now if every single person this side of the neutral zone knows that we're together. It should never have mattered in the first place. After three years I'm damn tired of having to live with the biggest part of my life as a secret. It was time for it to come out, I'll deal with whatever shit it causes. Right now I just want to be out there. I feel so useless here… I know that Sulu will do a damn good job looking for them, but I just… I want to be there. I want to be the person who pulls him off that ship and shoots the bastard who took him away," he said, clenching his fists so tightly on the arm rests of the chairs he deformed the plastic, leaving small finger indents in both arms. "I understand the feeling of helplessness which you are currently experiencing. I am gratified that you have sought me out this morning, I felt I needed to speak with you," Spock said and Chris looked at him expectantly. "I wished to stress upon you the importance of maintaining your current state of wellbeing during this difficult time. I understand the stress and emotional strain you are under must be enormous, however I wished to remind you that I am certain David would not want this incident to cause you to-" "Fall off?" Chris asked lightly and Spock gave a slight nod of agreement. "Indeed. Your extended period of sobriety and increasingly stable lifestyle are very important to you, and I know that David would not wish you to forget these things in his absence," Spock said and Chris did his best to keep his emotions off his face. "That's kind of sweet of you Spock. Thanks for checking up on me. I mean, I think I'm pretty safe from falling off right now… pretty certain the Orions haven't hidden David at the bottom of a bottle of Jack Daniels, so I won't need to go looking for him there," he said lightly and Spock quirked an eyebrow. Chris knew it wasn't even slightly appropriate to be making such a joke, but he had no other way of coping with the amount of concern coursing through him. "In addition to it not being what David would want, it is not what I want. I… I care about your welfare a great deal, and I do not wish to see you take a step backwards. If you require any assistance during this time, you need only ask," Spock said quietly and Chris searched the dark eyes so similar to his own, finding nothing but truth in those words. "Thank you Spock, that means a lot to me," he said, slowly rising from his chair and leaving the office with the intent of going over to see Carol and Bones and how they were holding up, his stomach lurching uncomfortably as he moved and his mind wandering to where David could be. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "McCoy? McCoy wake up!" David opened his eyes slowly. He was laying flat on his front, face pressed against a cold hard floor. It took him a few moments to process everything. The first thing that occurred to him was that he was injured. His head was throbbing and he vaguely remembered being hit by a stun blast from a phaser. His upper arm reminded him angrily he also had been burnt by another blast from a phaser, a small but nasty wound where the focus of the beam had just clipped him. "Where 'm I?" he slurred, flattening his hands onto the floor and pushing himself up onto his hands and knees. Hughes was kneeling at his side and she moved slightly to give him some room, not removing the hand from his shoulder where she had shaken him awake. "You're naked," he noted aloud as he glanced at her. "I'm naked," he added as he realised how cold he was. "They took our uniforms when they brought us aboard," Hughes said matter-of-factly. "Well, good thing this isn't awkward or anything," sighed David as he pushed himself into a kneeling position and turned away from her a little in their small confined space. "You hurt?" she asked and he shook his head. "Scratch on my arm, I'm fine. Are you ok? That was a hell of a bang on the head you took back on the ship," he said and she nodded stubbornly, despite the dried blood he could just about make out around her hairline through the gloom. He reached out towards her head and she caught his hand, pushing it away. He noticed her hand was trembling. "You're shaking," he said and she frowned. "I'm fine," she insisted. "Are you cold?" he asked. It was a stupid question. The tiny room they were being kept in was freezing. He scoped it out quickly. There were no beds, no window, no obvious door, and in one corner a very basic toilet. "Nice place," he said sarcastically, trying to lighten the mood. She rolled her eyes, hugging her knees towards her chest and holding them, trying to keep warm. David did his best to hide just how scared he was of the situation they had found themselves in. He knew Chris would be doing everything to search for him and that Starfleet would be searching for them, they would just have to hang on if there were no opportunities for escape. They barely spoke for the next few hours, Hughes seemed to be shaking more and more uncontrollably as time wore on and David wished he had some water to give her. "That's it. Get over here," he ordered unnecessarily from where they were laying close together on the hard floor, wrapping one arm around her waist and pulling her close. Her body felt absolutely freezing against his and she struggled for a few moments. "David let go, I don't need- just let go," she argued weakly before stopping. "I think maybe I have a concussion," she admitted, going still and allowing him to draw her close so that he could share his body warmth with her. "Yeah. I was worried about that. How long do you think they'll leave us in here?" he asked and she shrugged, actively moving and pressing her back against his chest, trying to collect more of his body heat. "I don't know. From what I understand of Orion slave rings if you're going to be kept, you get moved up to the Captains quarters so he can sample the merchandise, if you're going to be sold you get kept in holding, and if you're no good for anything they toss you out of the airlock," she said, closing her eyes tightly as David carefully touched her forehead. "You feel like you have a fever," he said and she shrugged him off. "No I don't. Let's just try and get some sleep. No body contact below the waist, I better not wake up with you humping me, alright? That's an order, Ensign," she said in her best stern Captain's voice, which sounded significantly weaker than usual. "Sure. I'll try to control myself. You just get some rest," he said gently, tightening the arm around her waist to keep her close. It didn't take her long to fall asleep but he couldn't get any rest. His mind wandered and went over the horrible possibilities of what could happen to them on this ship over and over again. After what felt like several hours, a section of the wall slid away revealing a doorway through which one large Orion appeared. "Starfleet! Who wants to meet the captain?" he offered cheerily and David glared, sitting up slowly. Hughes didn't stir. "What did you do to her?" the Orion demanded of David who shrugged. "What did you do to her?!" he repeated, aiming a kick at him that he just managed to duck. "Nothing! She's sick I think. She hit her head back on our ship. She has a fever," he explained and the Orion grinned toothily, tiling his head to one side and drawing his phaser from his belt, as well as a set of handcuffs. "You will meet the Captain. He prefers his guests unrestrained, but if you choose to resist, I will have no choice," he said, stepping aside and beckoning for David to leave the tiny room. "I'm not leaving her," he said firmly and the Orion laughed. "This is not an invitation it would be wise to refuse, human!" he boomed, Hughes stirred a little but her eyes did not open. "If your Captain wants to speak to us, he can come here and speak to us," David said firmly, kneeling protectively in front of Hughes, putting himself between her and the Orion who roared with laughter before dragging him to his feet by his hair and slamming him into the wall. "You have made your choice," he hissed as he wrestled David's hands into the cuffs before dragging him by the wrists down a blank grey corridor. Doors lined both sides and with a horrible feeling of dread, David realised each room he was passing was likely exactly the same as the one he himself had been contained in. He struggled the entire way, trying to grab any tiny foothold and stop the guard from dragging him to the Captain. It was completely useless and only earned him some very bruised toes as after trying to hook his foot around one doorway the guard stamped on said foot in his heavy boots to stop him trying it again. Eventually they reached a set of doors that required the Orion to pass a biosensor before they would open. Through the doors the ship was entirely different. Luxurious and not utilitarian, less doors, though no more people. David didn't see another soul until he was pushed through a doorway into a luxuriously appointed bedroom and told to wait. He twisted his wrists within their restraints, realising with despair he had no chance of breaking them. If only Chris were with him, he'd be strong enough to break them. Trying not to think of Chris for a moment, David paced the room, fear and horror rising as he realised what this was. The door slid open and a different Orion entered, a smirk filling his face as soon as the door closed behind him. "You are just as pretty as described," he said silkily, reaching up to touch David's face. He recoiled and the Orion laughed, stepping forwards right into his personal space. David stepped back and his back hit the wall, his heart hammering against his ribs as a strange almost floral scent filled the room and his head swam. "You're far too young to be a Captain. My dear boy you barely have hairs on your chest," he said softly, running his hand up from David's ribcage, over the dark hair in the centre of his chest and up to his throat. "Name, rank, serial number, that's what they tell you to say in these situations, right?" he asked softly, the hairs on the back of David's neck standing on end. "I have had many Starfleet officers pass through my possession. They are among my favourite merchandise to sample before sale. They always have such a fight within them, always so sure they will be rescued," he said just as softly, his warm breath ghosting over David's face, making him feel even more nauseous. Behind him, David's bound hands clenched into fists. He had to find a way out of this and fast. "Turn around," the Orion ordered and David tensed, not moving at all. "Turn. Around. Now," he said much more aggressively, face barely centimetres from David's. He resolutely kept still, staring straight ahead. He wasn't going to obey this asshole. He wasn't going to just surrender to him. He wasn't going down without a fight. Catching the Orion by surprise, he slammed his head forwards into the Orion's, sending him reeling backwards with a cry of rage. He followed it up with as hard a kick as he could muster, aimed at the mid-section of the larger male who spluttered and doubled over at the blow before howling with rage and grabbing his leg as he swung it back for another kick, being his only real option with his hands behind his back. David tried to pull his leg free but the Orion held firm, using his tight grip on his leg to push him back into the wall and beginning to lift his leg, twisting it and using it as leverage to turn him around so his face was against the wall. He fought against it, struggling with all his strength, but it was useless and he found himself with his face crushed against the metal bulkhead. The Orion didn't stop twisting and lifting his leg. David cried out in agony as he felt his hip joint slip, his leg having been forced far beyond its natural range of movement. With a sickening crack, the joint dislocated and gave way, pain like nothing he had ever felt before causing him to slip down the wall and slump to the ground, vision going white at the edges. He couldn't tell if he was screaming or not anymore. The Orion scooped him up and flung him onto the bed as if he weighed nothing, face down and helpless. With his good leg he tried pathetically to aim one more kick at the Orion's face. It was easily deflected and he was pinned, gasping for breath. "You should have known better than to fight me," the Orion leered, licking the side of David's face as he crawled over his body. A wave of nausea rose, whether from the pain of his hip and leg, or the thought of what was surely next to happen he didn't know, but he retched, causing the Orion to recoil, disgusted. He retched again, tears stinging his eyes as he spat out bile onto the covers of the bed near his face, his restrained arms leaving him unable to move. "No no no, this just won't do. I'll have to leave you a while to get some strength back, get some composure back. I can't have you vomiting all over me. I'll be back. The others will look after you for now," he said, and with one last caress of the side of David's face, he was gone. Barely clinging to consciousness, he tried to take stock of his situation. Hughes couldn't help him, and he couldn't really do anything to help himself or her. There was no way he could relocate his own hip joint, and the pain from it was unbearable. He tried to shift and reposition himself but couldn't move an inch. Before he could stop himself he started sobbing into the bed, harsh, racking sobs that shook his whole body and sent fresh sparks of agony coursing through him from his hip. He lay still for what felt like a long time before the door slid open again. He opened his eyes quickly, a fresh wave of terror striking him as he expected to look up and see the Orion back to finish what he started. "No, please," he moaned, trying to wriggle away from the door. "Hey, it's ok, stop moving, it's ok," a voice instructed. "Please don't hurt me," he responded, closing his eyes and burying his face into the rough fabric of the bed covers as a very last line of defence against this new attacker. "I'm not going to hurt you. Here, I promise, I'm not going to hurt you," the voice came again, calm, reassuring and almost… familiar. A hand took one of David's where they were bound behind his back, a hand that felt warm and human. "I promise right now nobody is going to hurt you, least of all me. You need to try and keep still, your leg is broken I think. What's your name kid?" the man asked and David tried one more time to escape this stranger, writhing with as much strength as he could muster and trying to get away from him. He didn't know this person or trust this person and just wanted to be alone. "Just look at me kid, I'm not one of them, I promise I'll do my best to keep you safe from him," the man's voice tried to reason with him. David turned his head to the side, feeling like he was finally going to slip into merciful unconsciousness. He peeked open one eye to glimpse a man with scruffy hair and a beard, going grey, skinny, with bright blue eyes that widened in recognition before his vision faded into darkness. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Hughes woke up alone in the tiny room, hands flailing wildly looking for McCoy. It took her a long few minutes to accept that he wasn't there. Her heart was pounding in blind panic as she racked her brain to try and work out what to do. Her rising fever did nothing to help the situation, and she cursed herself for needing her medication so desperately as to not even be able to miss one day. For what felt like hours she lay alone, curled into a ball and trying to keep warm, until the doorway slid open and a completely limp figure was dropped into the room. Hughes scrambled forwards as the Orion who had brought David back set down a large jug of water and a chunk of what appeared to be bread, before closing the door and leaving them alone again. "McCoy? Can you hear me?" she asked, hating how vulnerable she sounded. David looked in a really bad way, covered in bruises and small cuts. She tried to roll him onto his side in some vague semblance of the recovery position that she knew for her basic first aid training, but all that seemed to do was cause him pain as he resisted her weakly and groaned when his weight shifted so he was on his side. She'd been trying to keep her eyes above the waist, but she had to glance down to see what was causing him such pain and immediately had to fight the urge to expel the meagre contents of her stomach. David's left leg hung at a sickening angle, obviously dislocated. She turned him gently onto his back again, turning his head to the side. His eyes opened slowly, one turning dark from bruising already. "Have some water," she insisted, picking up the jug the guard had left and trying to help him drink from it, spilling a lot in the process. "You need it more than me," he protested after a few mouthfuls. "Your leg isn't looking so hot," she argued back and he shook his head. "Don't care. This might be my last ever chance to be a gentleman," he said weakly and she punched the wall in frustration. "We're getting out of here. Both of us. I mean it. Just focus on what you want the most when you get home," she said and he closed his eyes again. "I just want a lazy Sunday morning with Chris, watching bad TV and chatting shit and cuddling," he said quietly, so quietly it was barely above a whisper. She took a deep breath and gave her own piece of information. "And I just want to tuck my son into his bed one more time, because when I left him I promised I'd be back," she said and David's eyes opened again, immediately on her. "I didn't know you had a kid," he said and she shrugged. "It isn't something that I tell people," she said vaguely. "How old is he?" David asked weakly, looking like he was fighting to stay conscious. "He's two and a half." "What's his name?" She hesitated before giving this answer. "Thomas." "Tha'snice," McCoy slurred, fighting to keep himself awake. "Yeah. He's pretty great. It's been tough to be away, really tough," she admitted, running one hand through her hair. David attempted to move and whined in pain, closing his eyes tightly. She noticed a single tear roll down the side of his face and felt a rush of sympathy, reaching for his hand. "Do you and Kirk want to have kids of your own someday?" she asked and he nodded slightly. "Hope so," he answered, his grip on her hand growing weaker by the minute. "Hey squeeze my hand?" He tightened his grip slightly before letting go again. "I don' feel so good," he mumbled, eyes rolling back as he fought to stay awake. "Keep talking to me. Ask me a question. Anything," she said, trying not to sound too panicked. She had no idea how badly he was really hurt, but she knew she couldn't sit here beside him and let him die. "What's your first name?" he asked weakly and she chuckled. "Still hung up on that, huh?" "I can try to guess. That might kill some time," he hissed, trying to position himself in a way that put less pressure on his injured hip. She took a deep breath, and lay down beside him. "So I know you're in a lot of pain right now, but I need you to try and stay with me, OK?" she offered and he nodded slightly, his face tight with pain and fresh tears shining on his cheeks. "My first name is Olivia," she said softly and their eyes met, sensing the desperation of their situation. "S'pretty," he said sleepily, his grip on her hand growing weaker all the time. "Never speak of it again," she warned and his lip twitched in a faint smile. "Tell me about your son," he asked, barely above a whisper and tears burned at her eyes as she contemplated for the first time that she may never see her son again. They'd been aboard this ship for days and it seemed no rescue was coming for them. "He's... he's great. I have pictures but they're all on our ship locked away, I didn't tell anyone else on the crew he even exists," she admitted and he fought to keep his eyes open. "I… I have to tell you something-"she began, falling silent as David finally slipped into unconsciousness. She lay awake for a long time before the Orion guard came for her. She went quietly and was careful not to disturb David as she was led away, not knowing if she would return. "This is getting ridiculous," Chris sighed, running a hand through his hair tiredly. "I know kid I know, but we're gaining on them. I promise you I'll get him back," Sulu reassured, he looked so sincere that Chris really wanted to believe him, but after a week he was feeling like maybe David and the Orion ship were slipping from his grasp. "Did your engineers take a look at your engines again?" "We're squeezing every drop out of them that we can, I swear to you Christopher, I'll get him back and hand-deliver him to you," Sulu said firmly. He looked tired, Chris wondered if he was in contact with Bones and imaged he probably was. Being a parent himself Sulu could probably barely stand the thought of anything happening to his daughter and this happening to the son of his old friend couldn't be easy for him. "I'm sorry they wouldn't let you come out. I wanted you here, and Leo, you're useful guys to have around," he said and Chris nodded tiredly. "Thank you for everything you're doing. I feel so completely useless here when he needs me," Chris admitted. He felt exhausted, he'd barely slept for the week David had been gone and when he had it had been light and filled with terrible dreams of David being tortured by Orions and left him waking up sweating with tears streaming down his face. "When I have any news you'll be the first person I call," Sulu assured and Chris nodded, letting the Captain go and staring at the blank comm screen for a moment before the doorbell distracted him. He straightened his shirt, one of David's that he'd decided looked better on him, and headed downstairs to the door. He wasn't surprised by who his visitor was. "How you holding up kid?" Bones asked. "Not the best," Chris admitted shakily and Bones nodded. "I know, me either. C'mere," he said, stepping into the house and pulling Chris into a fatherly embrace before he could get a word of protest out. It reminded him of the way Jim used to hug him as a child and it made him tear up again. Bones noticed his sniffle and let him go, setting both hands on his shoulders and looking him dead in the eye. "Whatever happens, I promise you everything is going to be alright," he said firmly and Chris nodded, biting the inside of his lip. "Anything from your bond?" he asked, sounding a little hopeful. "I can feel that he's still alive, but other than that, nothing," he said miserably. Bones let go of his shoulders and sighed. "Alright. Come with me, Carol might have something but it's kind of a long shot and might get you all kicked out of Starfleet," he said and Chris raised an eyebrow. "Us all?" he looked around Bones to see his car sitting at the end of the driveway. Scotty was in the passenger seat, Leo and Molly in the back. "Yeah, you want to get David back right? Those three idiots think they've got something, and Carol should be able to give you guys a shot at it, but basically we're giving Sulu twelve more hours to catch them up and if they haven't by tonight, you guys are going out there. You on board with that?" Bones asked and Chris genuinely smiled for the first time in days. "I'm beyond on board with that." Chris grabbed a few essential items from the house before following Bones to the car and squishing into the back seat with Leo and Molly. "Dude you look like hell, what happened to you?" he asked Leo. His brother hadn't been home for a few days, and neither had Emily, but he hadn't thought too much of it. Emily was really busy with promotional work for her bands latest album and Leo was probably off working on something bizarre in the depths of Starfleet HQ's main engineering bay. He'd been too caught up in his own head to notice much of anything going on around him. "Oh you know, just working overtime for this slave-driver here," he said, nudging Scotty's seat with his knee. Chris looked at him as if to say 'really?' and Leo relented, sharing his story with his twin through their telepathic link. Emily and I aren't good. She won't talk to me about anything she's feeling right now and we've been fighting. Chris gave a small nod and a sympathetic expression before falling silent in the car as they went over to the McCoy household. He glimpsed Emily as they all walked through into the dining room to sit around the table to talk. She looked pale and her eyes were puffy and she barely acknowledged any of them as she passed them heading upstairs to her bedroom to hide. "She'll come around eventually," Chris reassured his twin, sensing that he wanted to go after her. "I hope so. I just wish she'd realise that I'm just as worried as she is," he said miserably as they sat side by side at the table. Joanna and Tucker were also there, waiting to hear the details of the plan. "Alright, so… this guy, who keeps makin' me look like an idiot by the way, has come up with somethin'," Scotty introduced, beckoning Leo across the table. "You just need to try and use all of that tiny human brain of yours Scotty," Leo taunted lightly before standing up and addressing them all. "Starfleet HQ has a huge power supply. Over five times that of even the most powerful warp engine. I think it's powerful enough that I could beam a couple of people out to the Intrepid's position if we can get a direct-ish line of sight. Now the only catch is that… well… basically it'll destroy HQ's power for at least a day or so until they can get it back online, so they'll never allow us to do it, especially as they don't want us on that ship anyway. But if I can get to the Intrepid, I'm confident I can not only find the Orion ship but catch up to it in a few hours." "I can give the exact time of the direct line of sight, I can gain access to the main observatory, run a scan and-" "Are you suggesting you're gonna knock out HQ for a whole day?" Tucker asked incredulously, interrupting Carol as she began to speak. "Yeah, I am. But Scotty can fix it, can't you buddy?" Leo asked in a mock-patronising tone to the greying Scotsman who gave him a one-fingered salute. "Aye. I can fix it. But I'd rather come with you lad. Means we'll be on our own out there mind, HQ won't be able to make any outbound comms, and they'll have the arse of whoever they find out was responsible," Scotty warned. "They can have it, when do we do this? I'll take responsibility," Chris said firmly. "They'll throw you out of the fleet! Chris you can't, I won't let you," Carol argued, Bones nodding beside her. "That's really sweet of you Carol, but honestly I think the time has come that we need to act urgently. I'm concerned that-" Chris was interrupted by a shriek from upstairs mingling with the sounds of his own, Carol and Bones' communicators sounding at once. None of the three of them wanted to pick up the call as they heard rapid footsteps upstairs then coming down the stairs. "Don't look at it, don't look-" Emily sobbed, racing into the kitchen. Leo leapt up and caught her and she clung to him, sobbing uncontrollably. Chris felt the colour draining from his own face as sick dread crept up his spine. "What is it? What's happened?" Carol asked, now at her daughters side, helping Leo hold her up. "They… th-there's a p-picture of him," she choked out. Chris snatched up his communicator, ignoring the call from Sulu and going straight to the news net, looking for what Emily could be talking about and slamming his eyes closed as soon as he looked at it, fist closing tightly around the device as he fought against the urge to vomit. "Don't look at it," he said firmly as he heard somebody else snatch up their ringing communicator. The image showed David and Lieutenant Hughes slumped against a wall, both in terrible condition. David was obviously beaten, and Hughes looked like she could be dead she was so deathly pale. On David's bare chest was a small triangle, the Starfleet insignia daubed clumsily in blood that could have belonged to either of them. Chris couldn't fight it anymore and took a few steps towards the sink, no longer able to stop himself from vomiting. He could hear the chaos breaking out in the room around him, Bones and Carol reacting, Joanna reacting, Emily crying. Blind fury overtook his nausea and he got himself under control. "Carol, get us that window. Leo and Molly, make this happen, use my access codes for everything, I'll accept the consequences later. We have to get him back before they kill him," he said firmly, the whole room falling silent. Bones was white and shaking with rage, Carol clinging to him for support with silent tears rolling down her face. Everyone was silent for a few moments, just looking at Chris until Emily went completely limp, Leo catching her as she fell. "She's in shock. Go, go get him," Bones ordered and Chris didn't need to be told twice. Leo looked conflicted as he handed Emily over to the Doctor but then determined as he climbed back into the car, this time with Carol driving and Scotty up front. He sat on the left side, Molly in the middle, and Chris on the right. Nobody spoke a word until they reached HQ. Chris realised distantly that he wasn't even in uniform and neither was Leo or Molly, but that didn't matter as they raced through the building. The image of David and Hughes was circulating rapidly, and he felt more determined each time he caught a glimpse of it, or caught a glimpse of horrified witnesses to it on screens. "McCoy, I-" "Not now!" Carol fiercely cut down someone who tried to stop her to offer sympathy as the five of them hurried towards the main observation room. "I will call you the second you have a clear shot so you had better be ready," she practically growled at the twins and they nodded, hurrying from the room with Scotty and Molly. Chris used his access code to access one of the transporter rooms and then locked it from the inside. "The security footage will have you guys involved too you know," he said as he wandered around the perimeter of the room, mind racing as his eyes barely took in what he was looking at around him. "Aye, but we'll deal with that later," Molly replied as she worked side by side with Leo and her father to reprogram the transporter. "I'm coming with you guys too, you'll need someone who can hack the Orions systems to bring their shields down or you won't be able to beam aboard their ship," Molly said casually as she worked. "She's right, I can do it but she's faster," Leo pointed out and Chris nodded. "Fine, you can come. Just-"he started but was cut off as Scotty's communicator chirped. "That's it, we've got a four minute window!" he said quickly and slammed the panel he was working on closed. "Energise," Chris ordered and Scotty hit the button and dived onto the pad with them, the four of them aware of the room shaking as they dematerialised, the next thing they knew was a very confused Ensign in the Intrepid transporter room. "We need to see the Captain, now," he said quickly as three security officers stormed the room, weapons drawn. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "Wakey wakey," a soft voice dragged David back to awareness and he hissed in pain, screwing his eyes tightly shut. "Let me see you," someone was tapping on his face now. He catalogued his body quickly. Still naked, still freezing cold, belly aching with hunger, the majority of his pain was in his hip, leg and back, with a major headache to go along with it. He opened his eyes slowly, blinking as the large Orion male crouched over him came into focus. He jolted away as best he could, causing the man to laugh. He was the same male from earlier, or maybe it was the previous day, he had no concept of time anymore. *~*~*PAGE BREAK - TRIGGER WARNING*~*~* "Oh my dear, are you feeling better?" he asked and David whined, thrashing against the bonds holding his hands painfully behind his back. He noticed he was back in the fancier room with the bed, not the tiny stark cell he had passed out in. "Let's get you nice and comfortable here," he soothed in a sickly voice, turning David over onto his back and ignoring his sharp cry of pain at the change of position. David turned his head towards the other direction, eyes locking with those of a woman crouching in the corner. She looked emaciated, her skin grimy and her hair unwashed. The look on her face told him she had given up a long time ago. There were other people crouching near to her, a few other women, a couple of men. David couldn't get his eyes to focus properly to count them. The sickly scent of the strong Orion pheromones washed over him again and he felt his awareness slipping. He closed his eyes determinedly. He was not going to let himself be aware of people watching him while this happened. He was going to try and go far away inside his mind, like his Starfleet training had taught him. The techniques that had worked so well in training of torture scenarios seemed woefully inadequate at keeping him calm as one strong hand pinned his good leg against his chest, left leg hanging useless and open towards the side of the bed. His heart raced at the complete vulnerability of his position. "Have you ever done this before my darling?" the Orion cooed as one hand lowered to touch just below his balls. David jolted, trying to fight back, struggling against the grip and causing the Orion to laugh manically. "Fuck off and die," David hissed with as much venom in his voice as he could muster. "I'll be gentle," he whispered, licking the side of David's face as he kept his eyes tightly clamped shut. He felt his head spin as he slipped in and out of consciousness, trying to distance himself from his own body and the situation. He kept perfectly still and spat the foulest most insulting words he could possibly think of at the man pinning him to the bed until his voice was growing hoarse. And suddenly it stopped. The two thick fingers harshly invading his body were gone, the weight pinning him to the bed was gone, and in its place, the distinct sound of a struggle. One of the men from the group cowering in the corner had dived at the Orion and was beating him savagely. *~*~*PAGE BREAK - SCENE OVER*~*~* "You-fucking-scum-" David caught panted out by a long-haired man as he snatched the Orions weapons and threw them aside, punching him in the face repeatedly. He switched to using his elbows, causing more damage and leaving the Orion unconscious quickly, dark green blood splattering the floor and the man's body as he kept on hitting him. He stood up, slamming him foot down into the Orions midsection and head until the limp body on the ground stopped responding. David fought to stay awake as the now bloody and panting man came over to the bed. "Are you ok kid?" he panted, voice rough, like he barely used it. He didn't respond, the pull of unconsciousness too strong. The world around him faded to black as the door opened and several Orions burst in, the man who had beaten the would-be rapist collapsing off the bed from a source of pain that David couldn't determine before he passed out. Jim woke in a tiny room and launched himself to his feet, banging his fists against every wall, screaming his frustration. He was certain that the man he had saved from being Raato's latest victim was David McCoy. He was definitely older, and at first he wasn't sure with the facial hair, McCoy had never had stubble when he'd known him… but having got a better look at him Jim was certain. He wondered if he was out this far looking for him, but thought that was pretty unlikely. Starfleet would have someone more experienced on this, and David couldn't have been older than his early twenties, and that was if they were even searching at all. He allowed himself to wonder for the first time in a long time how much time had passed since his 'death'. Being in that room and existing only to service the needs of Raato and his crewmen was enough to drive anyone to the brink of despair. It was only the hope that one day he would escape and see his family again that kept him alive. He wondered if the Orion was alive. He'd never lost control the whole time he'd been aboard the ship, but the man on the bed had been so helpless and when his head had tilted in that particular way and Jim had recognised him he had to act. He knew his punishment was likely to be severe. He didn't have long to wait before an Orion slightly smaller than Raato but with a very menacing smirk arrived, stepping into the tiny room and standing in front of Jim. "You have killed our Captain," he said plainly. "Good," Jim spat back, feeling the wild rage of earlier still coursing through his veins. "You will not be allowed to remain aboard this ship. I have no interest in using you to serve my needs. I am sending you to a work colony," he said, smirk growing as Jim laughed sarcastically. "Oh wonderful. You know how long I'll last in one of those? What happened to me being your big bargaining chip with Starfleet? Hmm?" he demanded and the Orion looked at him seriously. "Those were the old orders. I am the Captain now, I make new orders. I have no interest in you. A dead man. You are worth nothing, Kirk. So I am going to send you to die in the mines. After murdering Raato in such a manner, it is better than you deserve. There have been calls to throw you out of an airlock, but I think that is too quick, too merciful. You will be off this ship by this time tomorrow, and you will work until you beg for death," he said, turning and leaving the room before Jim could respond. He slumped down on the floor, both hands pulling at his long unkempt hair in frustration. Maybe if he could send a message from the mining colony? A distress signal? Somebody might find him that way, somebody might still be able to save him if they found him in time. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "You'll only have about-" "Five minutes, I know, you told me about fifty-billion times," Christopher rolled his eyes at Sulu who straightened his posture slightly as if to remind the young cadet of his place. "Captain. Sorry, sir. Five minutes before their weird pheromone shit starts making me drowsy," he acknowledged. "And if that happens, I get to do something other than engineering for today!" Leo said cheerily from the transporter panel. He had caught them up to the Orion ship, baffled every engineer on Sulu's ship with how he had done it so easily, and was now ready to follow his twin if he wasn't back within the required time. "I'm sorry I can't go with you kid, whatever they're using is just too potent. I'd only have maybe a minute before I'd be napping on the floor too," Sulu apologised as Chris stepped up onto the transporter pad. "Their shields down?" Chris asked uncertainly and Molly grinned at him now from where she was stationed behind the panel next to Leo. "It's almost as if ya don't trust me lad!" "Just don't want my atoms splattered against an energy shield, that's all," he grimaced and she nodded. "Their shields will glitch the moment I tell them to, and they probably won't even be wise to it," she reassured and Chris nodded, sweaty hand tensing around his phaser, shifting his weight between his feet and looking at the people in the room in front of him. People who had risked their careers to bring him here, to give him his chance to get David back from the slavers. "Im'a go get a bottle of scotch from the main bar to toast your return, takes me about eight minutes there and back lad, so don't be hangin' about," Scotty said and Chris nodded, clenching his hands again. "Right. Leo and Molly, you ready?" he asked and they both nodded. "Ok. Energise," he ordered, trying to force himself to keep calm as he felt himself beginning to dematerialise. He opened his eyes and looked left and right. He was on board the Orion ship, in a completely empty corridor, just as Leo had promised him from the blueprints. He ducked into a small alcove and crouched down, first activating the comm-piece in his ear, then taking a deep breath to centre his mind and try to focus on his bond. He could feel David's mind nearby and he did his best to clear all the other thoughts out of his head, trying to focus on it, but he could feel another external source of information. "Leo get out of my head," he muttered. Not in your head, I just took a psi inhibitor to make sure I didn't interfere he responded immediately over the comm and Chris closed his eyes tighter. Psi inhibitors were very unpleasant, and he doubted Leo would have wanted to take it. Could he be lying just to try and reassure him? "Whatever you say," he mumbled back, pressing his thumb to his left temple, trying to reach out to David's mind. I'm here. I'm here to bring you home, just tell me where to find you Footsteps dragged him from his mind and he lunged forward, tackling the Orion guard and knocking him out with a vicious blow to the side of the head. He dragged the heavy, limp form into the alcove and stumbled as a strong wave of disorientation washed over him. Best if you don't touch them, and you've got three minutes until I'm following you over Leo's voice was clear in his ear. "Right. Yeah. Realise that now," Chris hissed back, trying to shake off the dizziness and sleepy feeling that was creeping up on him. Ignoring Leo's advice he pressed his fingertips to the Orion's face, retracting them after only a few seconds when he had David's location, a few decks below. He wasted no time in running along the corridor, finding the access hatch as directed by Molly through the comm and then running along another corridor until he reached a sealed door. He could practically feel David's rapid heartbeat in his mind now, and knew this was the place. He started to attempt to hack the door access, but really this was the part he was worried about. You've got sixty seconds and I'm sending Leo across Sulu's voice was in his ear now. "I'll be done in thirty," he replied confidently, ignoring the way he was losing feeling in his fingertips and the edges of his vision were blurring into nothingness. Chris your vitals are going haywire, I'm going to pull you back Sulu said firmly and Chris punched the door in frustration. "I've got another plan," he said, stepping back and raising his weapon, firing two shots at the control panel which burst into flame immediately. The door slid open a fraction, maybe two inches, and Chris forced his hands through the gaps, using all of his strength to push the two halves apart. "David?" he called as the doors started to give. It was dark in the room but his night-vision adjusted quickly, making out a single figure laying on the floor on his side. Tears burned at Chris' eyes as he slipped into the room. David was laying in what looked like his own blood, his pale skin streaked with the dark stains, amongst a scattering of bruises and lacerations. The fact that he was completely naked made Chris want to stay on board the ship and murder every single Orion with his bare hands. There was no question of what they had done to him and the thought made Chris angrier than he could ever recall being. It wasn't until he moved closer he noticed three things that tipped him dangerously close to vomiting. The first was another figure lying near to David, he recognised Lieutenant Hughes immediately. It looked like she was barely breathing, if at all. The second was the bizarre angle that David's one leg was contorted to. The extensive swelling around the top of his leg and hip told Chris it was probably a broken Femur or a dislocated hip, either of which would be incredibly painful. The third and most nauseating was the barbaric way they had secured David to the floor to stop him from moving. A metal peg a few inches long was protruding from the floor, a hole in the top of it with a circular ring threaded through. The ring disappeared into the flesh of David's ankle, reappearing clean through on the other side, tethering him to the floor. There was a lot of blood on his leg and the floor surrounding, but it seemed a lot of it was dry so he'd been secured in this way for quite some time. "What have they done to you?" he muttered, kneeling beside his bondmate and inspecting his ankle more closely. It looked as though they had broken the joint and passed the loop between the bone and Achilles tendon. His stomach turned again as he sought a way to detach him and could reach only one conclusion after trying to dislodge the peg from the floor and finding no obvious join in the ring itself. "Can I talk to somebody from medical, please?" he asked shakily. There was a few seconds pause before another voice. Kirk, it's M'benga. What do you need? Chris tried to think how to word his request in a way that made it sound less horrific than it actually was. "I've found them, but David is… they've put something through his leg. If we beam back with that thing still in his leg, is that dangerous for him?" It's difficult if it's attached to the ship. If Engineering can distinguish where his leg ends and the ship begins then we're ok, but it can be tricky. You'd be better to try and detach him, we can patch him up when you get him back to us Chris closed his eyes tightly. "It's through his ankle. I'd have to cut his Achilles tendon to free him. Leo can you split him from it for transport?" he asked desperately, fingers trembling as he crawled to drag Lieutenant Hughes closer to himself and David. She had a pulse, albeit a weak one. I can't say for certain I can split him from the ship. If you want him to keep his leg you'll have to cut him free, I'm sorry Chris. Taking several deep, steadying breaths he reached out inside his mind to the bond. David's side was mostly blank in his unconscious state but Chris did his best to try and pass a message. I'm taking you home, but this is going to hurt and I'm really sorry. Please, please forgive me for this. He removed the knife he'd brought hoping not to use and carefully examined the point where the thick metal ring pierced the flesh once again. "Is there a best way to do this? To cause him the least pain?" he asked aloud, hoping M'benga was still on the comm. Just cut him free with as small of a wound as you can and bring him back to me to fix. Gritting his teeth Chris chose a location that seemed to cut the smallest amount of flesh and in one sharp motion, pulled the knife upwards through soft flesh and tough tendon and pulled the ring out through the wound, freeing David's leg and sending a spurt of startlingly red blood all over the floor and himself. Even in his unconscious state he moaned in pain. "Three to transport; and we need medical assistance," he gasped, white hot pain burning through his right ankle where the bond allowed him to experience what David was feeling. He wasn't sure if his vision was failing or if it was the beginning of the transport cycle as everything became white around the edges. His knees hit the ground as he rematerialised on the transporter pad, and hands were on him immediately. "No. Don't help me, I don't need help," he protested, trying to fight off the medical staff. "I have a right to refuse medical care! Help them first!" he insisted angrily. One pair of hands let him go, the other following soon after. He forced his eyes open to be met with a scene of chaos as the medical staff crowded around. In the light he could see just how deathly pale Hughes was, dark bruising mottling her porcelain skin, and how much of a mess David was, a pool of vivid red blood spreading rapidly from his ankle across the transporter pad. "Clear the room, every non-essential person out of this room right now!" he heard Sulu's authoritative tone over the hum of the other voices, before he lunged for David's hand amongst the tangle of moving bodies, gripping it tightly as he finally passed out. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "-if he wants to keep his foot we need to get that clean, now." "-heartrate is picking up now they're away from the pheromones." "Ok, good, but keep him under until we finish fixing up his leg." Chris forced himself to open his eyes. He was in sickbay, but not in a bed. He was half laying against the wall near to the door. He looked at his hands, they were covered in red blood, David's blood from where he'd cut him. He retched and the gold clad figure standing over him offered him a basin. "Here you go kid, that's the way, get it all out," Sulu said kindly, rubbing his back as he threw up everything in his stomach. "How… how did I get here?" he asked, disoriented by his surroundings. "Leo carried you, medical staff were all busy with Hughes and McCoy." "I had to… I had to-" he started but Sulu just nodded. "I know. But you did good. You got him back, you got them both back. I'm sure when he wakes up he'll be thanking you," he reassured. Chris felt dazed. "We're a little understaffed right now, so I need you to just hop up on a bed until M'benga or one of the nurses is free to come look you over, is that ok?" he asked and Chris stared blankly down in the direction he knew David was in. He could see him faintly in the distance, blurry, he had several people in blue around him, now covered by a sheet and looking so pale. Without a word Chris hauled himself to his feet and walked the few steps to the nearest biobed, sitting on it and just staring as the medical staff worked on his bondmate. Sulu pressed a plastic cup containing some water into his hand and he drank it in one, clutching it limply in his hand and not allowing his eyes to leave the form of David lying perfectly still on the biobed until his vision went completely black. When he woke he was looking up at the ceiling and someone had cleaned all the blood off his hands and changed him out of his uniform and into standard sickbay pyjamas. Startled, he looked around quickly. He was now in the bed beside David, who now had slightly more colour in his cheeks. He had several IV bags hanging next to him, one clear, one a pale yellow and one filled with blood. "Saline, because he's dehydrated. Antibiotics, so he can keep his leg attached to his body, and blood, because ankles bleed when you sever the Achilles," M'benga said from where he was standing beside Chris, startling him. "Will he be OK? And Hughes?" Chris asked immediately. "He'll make a full recovery," said M'benga stiffly. Chris felt a wave of nausea rising, he knew what Orions did to their captives. David and Hughes had both been naked when he recovered them, and he needed to know. He needed to ask. "Did they... did he..." he attempted, but he couldn't ask the question. "Most of his injuries are consistent with a struggle, there's evidence of sexual assault but no semen was present, I'd assume penetration by fingers or a foreign object. Looks like he fought them off before… " the doctor answered without him needing to ask. Christopher exhaled heavily and fought back tears burning at his eyes. "Hughes?" he asked, needing to move the conversation away before he lost control. The doctor shook his head. "She didn't make it. She had massive internal bleeding from blunt force trauma to her abdomen... there wasn't anything more we could have done, she barely lasted minutes," he said shakily and Chris looked at the doctor carefully, he was clearly under a lot of strain. "Don't blame yourself," Chris assured and the doctor nodded. "It's hard not to, sometimes. I'm just glad you got them back when you did, McCoy couldn't have taken much more of the way they were treating him," he said miserably. It dawned on Chris that M'benga had known David since likely the day he was born, and seeing him injured in such a way must be very difficult indeed. "What are his injuries? Besides the terrible one I caused, I need to understand what we're dealing with," he asked guiltily and M'benga picked up the chart from the side of David's bed, eyes scanning over it. "Bruising, cuts and scrapes basically all over, minor infections from a lot of the cuts from being kept in dirty conditions. His left hip had been dislocated for several days but we've relocated the joint now, the ankle obviously, minor concussion and withdrawal from the pheromones, and the signs of the attempted rape that I mentioned before. He's going to be fine, but it's not going to be overnight. You're going to have to help him get his head around this," M'benga said sadly, looking at David almost as if he were his own son. "I'll be there for him every minute of every day if that's what he needs from me," Chris said determinedly, forcing himself to sit upright. "You're suffering from the effects of those awful pheromones they give off, you'll likely feel nauseous, headache, perhaps ache like you have the flu, it could last a few days but it's nothing to be concerned about. I can give you a painkiller if the headache becomes too much," he offered and Chris shook his head. "I'll be fine, thanks Geoff," he said, trying to sound friendly but it came out flat as his concern for his bondmate crept to the surface. The doctor nodded and left the two young men alone. Chris forced himself out of his bed and settled in the chair next to David's bedside. He remembered his promise to Bones and sought his communicator out, finding it on the small stand beside his bed. It was barely half a ring before the older man picked up. "Chris?" "It's me. I've got him. Sorry I didn't call sooner, I passed out. He's going to be fine, full recovery, M'benga said," he blurted out quickly. Bones sighed deeply and he could hear Carol sobbing in the background, probably with relief. "We can never thank you enough for getting him back. But when you get home, you and I are going to have a serious conversation about you endangering your life looking out for other people," he said in a very stern fatherly tone and Chris let out a sound that was half laugh, half sob, as his emotional overload at having David back in more or less one piece hit him all at once. "Deal," he choked out. He could hear more people in the background now, Emily and Joanna. The relief of the whole family was easy to hear. He exchanged a few more words with Bones before cutting off the call and slumping back into the chair, running a hand tiredly down his face. Tentatively he reached out towards David's mind through their bond, flinching at the sharp pain emanating from him. He leant forward in his chair, awkwardly resting his head on the pillow beside David's, one hand pushing his grimy hair back off his forehead. He focused all his remaining energy into passing the most calming, caring and loving thoughts through their bond until he must have fallen asleep as he was woken a while later by a hand on his face. "Guh?" he asked intelligently as he came to, sitting up quickly and pulling a face at the painful crick in his neck from his awkward sleeping position. He blinked stupidly until his eyes found David's, now open and looking at him. "Hey you," he forced out; fighting the painful lump in his throat that was forming as he took in the obvious distress displayed in his bondmates eyes. "Hey, missed you," David forced out, voice hoarse. "I missed you too. Here, let me get you some water," he said, glancing around and reaching for a small cup on David's bedside, helping him to drink a few sips. "What happened?" David asked and Chris took a deep breath. "Just sleep, we'll talk about that later. Just rest and feel better," he said softly and David frowned, stretching a little and trying to get comfortable. "They fixed my hip," he noted aloud and Chris nodded. "And your ankle is mending too," he gestured to said ankle, regenerator still doing its work and humming away quietly wrapped around the damaged limb. "Jesus... Chris... what the fuck happened to us?!" David hissed, clearly starting to panic. A quick glance at his monitors confirmed his heart rate was steadily creeping up. "Just stay calm, you're safe now," he said soothingly, picking up David's scraped up hand and clasping it gently between both of his own. "You were captured by members of an Orion slave syndicate, alongside Lieutenant Hughes. You were aboard their ship for nine days. The Intrepid was tracking the ship, but they seem to have cloaking capabilities beyond what Starfleet intelligence suggested, and they were losing you guys. The Orions released an image of the two of you to Starfleet, as a warning to keep away from this area of the quadrant. Leo and Molly were able to isolate where the signal came from, Leo beamed us here from Earth with the information to find the Orion ship, even with its cloak. We found it, and got you back," he explained briefly. David looked confused and scared. "Hughes?" he asked and Chris bit his lip. "Don't tell me she didn't make it," David mumbled, barely above a whisper. "I'm sorry." Christopher did his best to gather David into his arms and hold him as he lost control of his emotions. "I don't remember much. I… I-I'm scared," he whimpered against Chris' shoulder. "Don't be scared, I'm here. Nothing can hurt you," he comforted, ignoring the wet tears soaking through his shirt and pulling David as close as possible. The sniffling stopped and David became totally limp in his arms after what felt like half an hour or so, and Chris gently lowered his sleeping form back against the pillows, tucking in his blankets carefully and pushing his filthy hair back off his forehead, placing a small kiss there. "I love you so much," he whispered, fighting back his own tears as he settled back into his chair, watching over him while he rested. It was another six hours before David woke again, and when he did he seemed a lot more alert than the first time as the anaesthetic from the surgery on his ankle and the Orion pheromones were wearing off. "Please just let me go back to quarters?" he begged of M'benga who responded with a flat no. "Please let me go take a shower?" he asked and the doctor considered. "Either fully supervised by one of my medical staff or Chris, or I can get a nurse come give you a sponge bath," he gave in. Chris waggled his eyebrow suggestively, trying to make a joke and David gave a weak smile. "No sponge bath. Chris can help me," he said confidently and M'benga nodded, granting them access to the real water shower in the bathroom off the CMO's office. Chris helped David walk unsteadily to the small room, partially carrying him some of the way when he struggled to support his own weight on his still-healing legs. "I gotta take a leak, can you hold me up?" David asked shyly and without hesitation Chris did as he was asked, resting his face against the back of David's head so he would know he wasn't looking. It took David a long time to let Chris undress him for the shower. Every time his hands neared the waistband of the flimsy sickbay pyjamas he would flinch away and then apologise, fresh tears rolling down his cheeks that Chris wiped away with his thumb, trying to hide how much it felt like his heart was being ripped in half from seeing him this way. "Don't you dare apologise. This isn't your fault, none of this is your fault. Nobody is going to hurt you ever again David I swear to you," he mumbled as he held the trembling, shirtless form of his bondmate close, half in half out of the tiny shower stall. "I don't r-remember b-but they did things t-to me," he hiccuped, tears streaming down his face faster than Chris could wipe them away, eyes swollen and bloodshot. Chris was at a total loss for words as his control snapped and his own tears fell. "I'm sorry. I'm sorry this happened, it was my fault, I should have got to you faster, I shouldn't have taken no for an answer when the brass told me I wasn't allowed out to join the search," he apologised over and over as David weakly clung to him. It took a while, but David eventually allowed his bondmate to carefully remove his pyjama pants and help him up the single step into the shower unit. David pressed himself against the cold wall, trying to get away from the larger man. "Not going to touch you except to help you stay on your feet, I promise," Chris assured and David nodded, swallowing hard and reaching out to turn on the water. He stood totally still, just allowing the hot water to roll down his face and body. "Can you help me?" David asked weakly and Chris nodded. "Of course. Let me know if you're not happy and I can stop touching you right away," he offered, grabbing the bottle of provided, medical smelling shampoo. He poured a handful and lathered it carefully in David's dark hair, one hand shielding it from running down into his eyes. His fingertips rubbed gentle circles into his scalp as he applied a tiny bit of pressure to encourage David to put his head back under the water flow to rinse the suds out. He did as instructed and handed Chris the bottle of shower gel, other hand clinging white-knuckled to one of the grab rails at waist height to keep himself stable. Unsure of himself, Chris poured a handful of shower gel into his hands, lathering it before starting with David's unshaven face and neck, working his way down over his shoulders, under each arm in turn and down to his hands before coming back to his chest and back. David seemed to be breathing more quickly, eyes screwed shut, body tense. Chris paused and rinsed off his upper body before snatching up the washcloth he'd brought in with them and lathering it with soap before handing it to David who looked at him uncertainly, blinking water out of his eyes. "I'm gonna hold you upright so you can do your bottom half, OK?" he offered and David nodded slowly as Chris held him tightly by the sides of the chest, firm but gentle grip promising that he wouldn't let him fall. He let go of the rail and washed himself with the cloth before dropping it and letting the water rinse him clean, slumping back against Chris' chest, soaking his clothing completely. "I got you," Chris mumbled, gently kissing his temple and reaching to shut off the water, supporting David carefully with his chest and one arm while reaching back to grab a fluffy white towel to drape him in. There were several more towels in the pile and he grabbed another, wrapping it around the younger man's waist and tying it, before snatching up a third to towel off his hair. David was silent aside from the occasional sniffle as Chris gently dried him off. He dried his hair and upper body before moving down to dry his feet and legs, one hand rising slightly too high as he did so and brushing the crease where thigh met backside, causing the younger man to immediately tense and flinch away. Feeling like he'd been punched in the chest Chris apologised profusely, handing over the towel and turning around to give David privacy while he finished drying himself off. Chris noticed a fresh set of pyjamas near the door and assumed M'benga must have snuck them in while they were busy in the cubicle. He picked them up and handed them to David who wordlessly asked for his help to get dressed, the request coming through their bond as David struggled to stay awake. "Of course. I got it," he reassured, picking the clean white boxers out of the pile of clothes and helping David get one foot through each leg hole, pulling them up quickly with as minimal contact as possible. Next came the shirt and finally the pants, by this point David was nearly asleep on his feet. Chris picked him up easily and without any of the usual protesting and carried him bridal style back to his bed, gently setting him down and tucking him in. "Thank you," he whispered faintly and Chris gave half a smile. "Anytime. Now get some rest, we'll be coming up on Earth tomorrow and you need to be fresh to face your family. I think your sisters are going to hug you to death," he warned and David gave a small smile, drifting off to sleep again. While David was out, Chris was a burning ball of rage. He got himself released from sickbay and paced the hallways and observation decks, looking for a way to work out some of the restless energy inside him. He wanted vengeance for what the Orions had done to his bondmate. He wanted the blood of the man who had touched him. "Wearing a hole in my floor kid?" came a voice from behind him and he turned around from where he had been watching the stars rush by at warp from one of the forward observation decks. "No. Sorry Sulu, I'll settle down," he said tiredly. "I'm not expecting you to settle down," the Captain said, beckoning to the seats behind them. Chris followed the wordless instruction and sat down. "I've spoken to the brass. We're making catching that ship a priority to any available vessel," he said and Chris bit the inside of his cheek. "Good," he ground out. "How's David?" he asked and Chris met Sulu's eyes for a moment before looking away pointedly. "He's..." he began and drifted immediately, emotions flooding up to the surface faster than he could force them back down. "I don't know how to help him," Chris admitted, voice cracking as two tears rolled down his face. "He's traumatized and terrified and won't let me touch him, he flinches when I try to hold his hand and I just want to hold him and tell him I wish it was me instead," he blurted out in one breath, tears falling freely now. Sulu put a fatherly hand on his shoulder. "He was your rock, right? When you got hurt?" he asked and Chris nodded. "Your turn to be his rock. I know you can do it," he said and Chris nodded again, collecting himself a little bit. "Sorry, sir," he said quickly and Sulu frowned. "No. No sir, no ranks here kid. You're my friend not my cadet right now. If I can do anything for you two please let me know," he said and Chris thought for a moment. "How long will they put David on leave for when we get back?" he asked and Sulu thought for a moment. "I can get his debrief pushed up to ten days?" he offered and Chris nodded gratefully. "That would help. I don't think he can talk about it just yet, some time might help him." "Absolutely. Is there anything else?" "Will you be handling notifying Hughes' family?" Chris asked and Sulu looked solemn for a moment. "She didn't have any family except a two year old son, no partner on record so we can't find the kids father, he'll go into care. Why'dyou ask?" "David will want to attend her funeral," he said and Sulu nodded. "I'll keep you posted as soon as arrangements are made." Chris thanked the Captain once more before bidding him goodnight and tracking a path back to sickbay. David was sat up and eating when he arrived, several people gathered around his bed all looking around the same age as David. "Chris, this is the crew, crew, this is Chris," David introduced briefly. Chris nodded to the four individuals sitting around. "You guys didn't go back to Earth?" Chris asked and one of the two girls leant forward a little. "Sulu didn't want to waste time taking us back to drop us off, so he put us up in Ensigns quarters and gave us some duties to keep us busy while we were searching." "And we couldn't go home without knowing our favourite grumpy crew member was safe and sound," added one of the guys to murmurs of agreement. Chris felt quite unsure of himself as he took the seat closest to David's bed. He wanted to reach out and rest his hand on David's forearm, lean across and kiss his cheek, but he didn't know how much David wanted his crewmates to know. "We should probably get going, let you finish your dinner and get some sleep," the first girl spoke again and three of the four rose from their seats, leaving one behind. "I was so worried about you," she said sincerely to David, reaching out to hold his hand. Chris felt his eyebrow beginning to rise. "I know. I was worried about you guys, didn't know what had happened to you." "I can't believe it… about Hughes," she said sadly and David looked down at his blankets. "Me either. I uh… I yeah. She was alright, much as she drove us all nuts on the ship," he said and she chuckled. "You only hated her because she rigged the sound system to start playing 'baby got back' every time you walked onto the bridge," she laughed and David gave a tiny shadow of his usual grin, his eyes crinkling up a little in the corners. "I never could work out how she did it," he sighed. "And Chris you were so brave going aboard that ship," the as yet unnamed young woman turned her attention to him now. "Well y'know. I'd do anything for this guy," he said casually, ruffling David's hair affectionately and earning himself a scowl. "You guys are adorable. I'd better get an invite to the wedding," she said with a mischievous smile. "Yeah so uh… Louisa here is a bit of a detective, and she figured us out," David explained and Louise gave a slightly smug smile. "Huh, well good job. I don't think it's much of a secret anymore though," Chris said flatly and David looked worried. "It's not. But you guys don't need to worry, everything will be fine. Anyway I should leave you to it, don't want to be a third wheel. See you guys around," she said, letting go of David's hand and leaving them alone. "So what's for dinner?" Chris asked and David looked distastefully at the plate. "Shit, with a side of dirty socks," he grimaced and Chris snorted. "What is that, replicated meatloaf? Gross! When we get back I'll take you for a nice greasy burger somewhere," he offered and David looked thoughtful for a moment. "Nah, burrito," he said and Chris made a noise of approval. "And strawberry ice cream after?" he offered and David nodded, looking at him with a tiny bit of warmth in his bloodshot eyes. "Or strawberry ice cream at home with takeout mexican and terrible movies?" Chris offered and David gave a tiny smile. "That one." They were silent for a long few minutes until David spoke again. "So I uh… you asked me to marry you, and apparently everybody knows about it," he said awkwardly and Chris felt his face growing warm. "And you said there's a time and a place to ask, so I'll ask you again sometime," he said with a smile. David shook his head and reached out for Chris' hand. "I said yes and I meant it," he said quietly. "Good, because I meant it too," Chris said softly, giving his hand a reassuring squeeze. They were silent for a few moments until David spoke up again. "Can you hide us? When we get back? I don't think I could handle any media attention right now," he admitted and Chris squeezed his hand again. "Already working on it," he gave a small smile. It was true, while David had been resting he'd sat with Leo in engineering for a while and asked about nice places on Earth that he had seen during his travels. Leo had told him about a guy in Indonesia who owed him a big favour, and said he'd get back to him with the arrangements. "Somewhere I can get a tan," David requested weakly and Chris sniggered. "You don't tan." "Fine. Somewhere I can get freckles," he admitted and Chris grinned, unable to resist leaning down and placing a tender kiss on his bondmates cheek. "I love your freckles." *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* David's reunion with his family had been just as emotional as Chris had expected. What he hadn't expected was being pulled into the bone-crushing hug they had wrapped their youngest family member in the moment they were out of the shuttle. Carol had even kissed him on the head once she was done smothering David in affection; Bones was looking at him with an expression he could only define as pride. Spock and Seren were also among the welcoming party, Seren giving David a warm hug, and Spock setting a hand on his shoulder in a way that for him was about as much care as he ever showed. As expected there were some media around the front of the building as they headed out. The group closed together, Chris and David at the centre with their heads covered by a thin blanket Emily had brought for them to use for privacy. David was still in a fair amount of pain from both of his legs and Chris was supporting him heavily as he'd refused crutches. "Nothing to see, assholes!" Emily cried, leading the group. "You can see this if you want?" Leo offered, raising both middle fingers to the crowd of photographers pressing in on them. "Jesus, how do you guys do this all the time?" Tucker asked as they neared Joanna's car. "It's an acquired skill," Emily answered through gritted teeth as they got to the car and parted the group to allow Chris and David to get into the back seat. It was a struggle, but they managed it without anyone getting David's picture in his vulnerable state, and as soon as Joanna and Tucker had piled into the front, they were on their way home. David pulled the blanket off his head and set it on the middle seat between himself and Chris. "I'm so tired," he sighed, leaning his head back and closing his eyes. "Get some sleep, I'll bring you inside when we get home," Chris offered. "M'not a baby," David protested before promptly falling asleep. They reached the house shared by the twins and the two McCoy's and true to his word Chris gently extracted his sleeping bondmate from the car and carried him inside whilst Joanna and Tucker kept watch for any arriving photographers. Hours later, David woke in an unfamiliar bedroom, confused and disorientated. He spread out his arms, one hand colliding with something very solid next to him. "Sorry! Shit, I'm sorry, I didn't know where I was for a second," David apologised quickly as Chris rubbed the point on his head where David's flailing fist had connected. "You're lucky I have a very hard head," he said lightly, moving in a little closer. He expected David to flinch away and was relieved when he didn't, and his heart gave a hopeful jolt when David slowly wrapped an arm around him just like he used to. "You want big spoon or small?" David asked and Chris grinned in the darkness. It was selfish, but he was desperate for attention from his bondmate after him being away for so long and he was struggling to avoid physical contact for the sake of David's comfort. "Small," he answered, turning onto his side, facing away and backing up slightly. David cuddled up behind him, chest against his back but hips far enough away that they had no lower body contact, arm tight around his waist and hand splayed on his chest. He snaked his other arm underneath the pillow under Chris' head and exhaled heavily, the puff of air ruffling a few strands of Chris' hair as it whooshed past his ear. "Something on your mind?" he offered and David made an affirmative sound. "You don't want to know," he admitted. "You can talk to me… about anything. I'll always be here to listen to you, and I'll never judge you for anything you say to me, anything you say is safe with me," he said sincerely. David relaxed a little against his back and remained silent, Chris wondering for a moment if he'd slipped back into sleep. "I uh… Hughes' son. I'm just thinking about this little boy being told his mom is never coming home and I just want to track him down and hold him in my arms and never let him go," he admitted, eyes filling with tears. Chris wrapped his arms around the younger man and held him tightly as he sniffled. "You did everything you could to protect her, I know you did," he reassured and David hiccupped weakly. "I still don't remember anything," he admitted and Chris shook his head. "No. You probably won't, the pheromones affect the way your brain stores information, but you don't need to remember, I know you and I know how you would have behaved, and I'm certain you did everything in your power to protect and help her," he said and David gave a small nod. "I have one little memory… of kneeling between her and a guard, telling him to take me instead of her to see the Captain," he admitted and Chris gave him a small squeeze. "See. I know you would have done your best." "It just wasn't enough. God damn it, I should have saved her," he sighed, sadness spiking as anger for a moment. "You can't save everybody, sometimes things are out of our control," he said, quoting something he had been told himself numerous times whilst grieving for Jim. David fell silent for a long time, long enough that again Chris wondered if he had fallen asleep. "Chris?" he whispered. "Hm?" "Will you uh… why haven't you kissed me, since I got back?" he asked quietly, nervously. Chris twisted his body so they were laying side by side facing each other and took David's face in both his hands, pressing their foreheads together first, brown and blue eyes giving far too much away about how vulnerable they were both feeling. He closed his eyes and closed the gap, their lips meeting for the first time since he'd kissed David goodbye at the apartment weeks ago. A jolt of electricity shot through their bond and his heartrate rose, a warm feeling spreading all the way to the tips of his fingers and toes. An uncertain tongue pressed at his lips and he welcomed it, caressing it with his own for a few long seconds until the need for oxygen became too great for them both, and they reluctantly parted. "I haven't kissed you because I didn't want you to think I was making a sexual advance towards you," he said truthfully and David nodded, looking slightly dazed. "I uh… yeah it's not that I don't appreciate that you're being sensitive about giving me my space… I just… I thought maybe I'd done something wrong, or something," he trailed off and Chris pressed their mouths together again firmly, trying to kiss away all of his bondmates fears and worried, pouring affection through their bond. "I will give you as much or as little space as you need right now." "I need a bit, I think. Might be a while before I feel ready to… y'know," he said awkwardly and Chris fumbled under the covers for both of his hands. "You take all the time you need. I'm not going to put any pressure on you to have sex with me. I've adjusted perfectly well to watching outrageous amounts of porn and jacking off in the shower every day, I can survive a while longer yet," he said cheekily and David snorted. "It scared me, y'know?" David said, immediately killing Chris' small joke. "I can't even imagine," Chris said, unspoken words about how it had scared him just as much lingering in his mind but not escaping his mouth. "I feel like…my body isn't my own. I feel like someone has taken part of me, and its gone now," he said in a hollow voice and Chris held him tightly. "Nothing is gone, and when you're completely ready to, you're going to take your body back… it's yours, nobody else's, nobody has the right to take that from you." "I do wonder though, why he stopped," David pondered aloud and Chris closed his eyes tightly for a moment, a wave of nausea coming over him as the unbearable mental image of a large Orion pinning David down and forcing his fingers inside him against his will crept into his mind. "I think you fought him off. The injuries on your knuckles were consistent with-" "I can't help wondering if it was Hughes. And that's why they killed her," he admitted. "You can't think like that, you can't blame yourself for any of this. What happened to Hughes wasn't your fault, and what happened to you wasn't your fault either," he said firmly and David gave a small sniffle. "What if I hadn't made it?" he asked quietly. "Don't. Come on, let's not talk about this, we don't need to think about things like that. You did make it, that's what matters right now, that you're right here with me in this stupidly tiny bed, and," he splayed his hand over David's heart and took David's hand, placing it over his own "that we're both still ticking, okay?" he reassured and David's hand closed tightly in his shirt, his other arm wrapping around him as he buried his face into his chest. Chris held him that way until he fell asleep, stroking his hair and keeping a steady stream of reassuring thoughts going through their bond. Chris barely slept that night, instead forcing himself to stay awake so that he'd be there for him if David woke up. He woke a few times and every time he did Chris was there to stroke his hair and whisper reassuring words to him until he drifted back to sleep. He stumbled into the kitchen a few hours later, wearing only a pair of David's old pyjama pants and nothing else, hair sticking up at all angles and feeling like he was half-dead. "Rough night?" Bones asked from where he was sitting at the kitchen table as if he owned the place, making Chris jump where he hadn't noticed him. "Yeah uh… not exactly what I had in mind for our reunion," he admitted, scratching the back of his head, voice coming out rough from sleep, or lack of it. "Did he sleep at all?" "Yeah, he did. He probably got about six or seven hours in total. I got maybe two," he confessed as he helped himself to two mugs from the cupboard and set about making coffee. "Leo tells me you're planning on taking him away somewhere for a week, I think it's a good idea," he said and Chris nodded, leaning back against the kitchen counter and closing his eyes, trying to fight the thumping in his head. A tiny hiss next to his ear startled him and he opened his eyes to find Bones retracting a hypospray from his neck, having administered it so gently he didn't even feel it. "Hey! What did you drug me with?!" he protested. "Painkiller, for your headache," he said as if reading the younger man's mind. "Thanks," he sighed, going back to fixing the coffee, adding milk to one and leaving it out of his own. "Still not agreeing with dairy huh?" "No, it gives me like… acid reflux. Hopefully now he's back my anxiety will settle down and I'll stop puking," he said, stirring in a little extra sugar to both cups and picking them up ready to leave the room. "When you guys get back next week come and see either me or Seren? We'll run some tests, just to be sure there's nothing going on with your stomach," he offered and Chris nodded in agreement. "Alright kid, well I'll take off now, give you guys your space. I just wanted to check in this morning in case either of you needed me," he said, one final offer. Chris met his eyes for a moment and considered telling Bones everything about how he was feeling right now, but decided against it. He wasn't sure how much the doctor knew of the exact nature of David's injuries, but he knew his bondmate would want to keep it quiet from his family as best he could. "We're fine Bones. Gonna have a lazy day and head to Leo's place where he's going to let us hide out. Thanks for checking up on us, but please stop hacking your way into my house," he smirked as he kicked the doctor out, padding quietly back upstairs and bringing David his coffee. "Hey wake up, I have coffee," he said softly, setting both cups on the side and crawling back into bed behind his bondmate, cuddling up close to his warm body. "God damn, you're fucking freezing," he whined, trying to escape but unable to get away because of the edge of the bed and the risk of falling out if he moved over much further. "And you're amazing and warm," Chris smiled, holding onto him tighter and stealing his warmth. "Did you say coffee?" David asked, sniffing the air hopefully. "Yep, it's right over here. So did you decide if you want to go away this week?" he asked and David turned over to face him. "Jesus you look like shit, did you sleep?" he asked concernedly. "Uh… no… I didn't really," he admitted. "I'm sorry, that's my fault. Yeah, I do want to go away, did Leo's friend come back?" "He did, said the villa is ready today if we want it. Leo said Scotty can beam us directly there." "Villa? Fancy! Does Leo have any pictures of it?" David asked, leaning across to grab his coffee. "Not that he'd show me, said it has to be a surprise. I trust him though and he said it's incredible and that the guy is super nice." "Good enough for me, let's get the hell out of the northern hemisphere for a while!" *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "I mean, its okay," David smirked as he looked around the villa. "I guess it's tolerable for a few days," Chris added. "I totally call this side of the bed," David sighed, collapsing onto one side of the giant bed in the master bedroom. "You want to swim? Eat? There's beer in the fridge?" Chris offered and David looked thoughtful for a moment. "Can we swim and watch the sunset? Then eat?" David suggested and Chris nodded, getting to work digging through their suitcase for swim shorts. The villa was even more incredible than Leo had suggested. It was set high on a hillside on the Indonesian island of Bali, and away from all the other properties anywhere else in the valley. It had acres of grounds cut into large flat areas down the hillside and just outside the back patio doors an infinity pool overlooking the valley and providing a glimpse of the ocean down at the bottom. Their host, a friendly local guy by the name of Su had been very eager to meet them and make sure everything they needed was available for them. "I wonder what Su owes Leo a favour for," Chris asked as he sank slowly into the warm water of the swimming pool. "Yeah, I don't know," David replied, taking a far less graceful approach and dive-bombing into the pool creating a huge splash. They both swam over to the edge, Chris getting there first and resting his forearms on the tiled wall, his chin on top of them, looking out over the valley as the setting sun painted the sky in dramatic pink and orange as it sank below the horizon. David swam up beside him and copied his position, but leaning his head to the side to rest against his bondmates. "We're going to be ok, right? Everything will be ok?" he asked uncertainly and Chris turned to look at him, feeling the all too familiar tug on his emotional control at just how vulnerable David looked. "Everything is going to be fine, I promise," he said sincerely, reaching out to bring David's face closer to his, leading him with a gentle hand cupping his jaw and pressing their lips together. "Hey… so uh… this is probably a better setting right?" Chris asked and David looked confused. "Better setting for what?" he asked and Chris smirked. "Will you marry me?" he asked and David cracked a smile, a genuine one. "You know I will." "So… will you marry me… while we're here one night on the beach at sunset?" he asked and David's eyes widened fractionally for a moment in surprise before he grinned. "You're damn right I will," he said, draping his arms around Chris' neck and pulling him in for a much more engaging kiss, a surge of excitement coursing through their bond. "Good, because I think I'm ready to sign my life away to you now," Chris smirked. "Oh you are huh? The old ball and chain?" "Yep, I'm going to change your number in my comm to 'wifey' and everything," Chris teased, smirk growing wider as David splashed him with a handful of water. He splashed him back, and soon they're struggling, laughing and ducking each other's heads under the water in a childish game. The game ended abruptly when David's elbow accidentally made contact with Chris' nose, hard. "Sorry! Shit I'm so sorry, that's like the second time in two days I've punched you in the head, here let me - shit you're bleeding, I'm so sorry," he babbled quickly, both hands trying to pry away Chris' from his face so he can get a look. "You remember I'm part of an endangered species, right?" Chris said indignantly as he applied pressure to his bloody nose. "I'm so sorry," David said sincerely and Chris laughed. "Considering I sliced your damn ankle open like… not even a week ago, I think I can forgive you for a bloody nose," he said, hauling himself out of the pool and walking across the lawn towards the house, returning a few minutes later with his face cleaned up and two bottles of beer clutched by the necks in one large hand, the opener in the other. "You read my mind," David said, swimming lazily over to the side of the pool Chris was standing on, accepting one cold bottle and taking a swig. Chris sat down on the edge of the water and let his legs hang into the pool, sipping from his own bottle. "So I uh… I feel like something important happened. I feel like I have something I remember that I should be telling you," David said after a long few minutes of companionable silence. "What is it?" Chris asked. "I don't remember," David sighed. "I just feel like… something. It'll come back to me I'm sure," he said, screwing up his face in concentration. "Well try to remember if you can, just don't make that face ever again." "Shut up! Asshole," David laughed, setting his beer on the side and pulling Chris back into the pool as the stars began to appear above them in the darkening sky. They stayed outside for a long time, until they were both getting cold in the water and Chris was shivering a little. They went inside and dried off, brushed their teeth and curled into the giant bed together. "Can we keep this bed?" David asked, voice muffled from where his face was pressed against Chris' chest. "Mmm yeah, I think that's a good idea," Chris agreed sleepily, ordering the lights off. "I think I love this bed more than I love you," David sighed contentedly, his entire body relaxed against the side of his bondmate, arm draped across his waist. "That's probably fair. Goodnight," he smiled, tilting his head to kiss his bondmate. "Goodnight. I love you," David mumbled against his lips. "Mmm I love you too," Chris mumbled back before falling asleep almost instantly, David only laying awake for a short while before he too drifted off to sleep feeling safe and content with Chris beside him and his promise that everything would be alright.
Yo!I'm super happy to have this chapter finished, because it's so long I feel like I've been writing it for the majority of my life. I'll be super curious to know how many (if any) of you who may be reading may have suspected the events of this chapter coming. If you did, let me know, I want to know if I'm too predictable ha. Anyway, cue a whole bunch of serious fluff just in time for Christmas! (you're welcome, and happy holidays to everybody reading!) Warning: this chapter contains discussion of a sexual assault. Please proceed with care if you may be upset by this. Message me if you'd like a cropped version of the chapter and I can put one together for you. Oh, and I promise, next chapter Jim and Spock will get more than like one paragraph. It's coming. That beautiful and extremely predictable conclusion that we've been working towards? Yep. It's coming. Don't worry. Chapter Thirty-Seven Bones scrubbed a hand down his face. He'd pulled a near-enough double shift to try and clear some of the backlog of patients caused by him needing a few days off during the time David was missing. He hadn't had the easiest few days. Carol had done a little bit of digging at Starfleet to try and get some more information about David's time on the Orion ship, only to discover that his medical file was sealed, even to her Admiral rank security codes. She'd come home one night with the news and the two of them had sat in silence, both of them knowing what it likely meant. He'd had the unpleasant task of sealing medical files of a sparse few people aboard Enterprise who had survived a sexual assault, and he knew it was one of the only reasons Starfleet would protect a file in such a way. He'd wanted to comm his son, to reach out though he had no real idea what to say, but he'd decided to give him his space. He was with Chris who he had complete faith in, so he settled for texting David to tell him if he ever wanted to talk to him, about anything at all, he was there. He'd had a thank you in response but nothing else. He didn't want to press the matter and neither did Carol. The small clinic he was running with Seren was now so busy the waiting list was almost six-months long for an appointment, and he'd frequently work late or a Saturday just to try and get through the list of hopeful men coming through their doors and dreaming of becoming parents, many of them having travelled from all over Earth and even now from off-planet. The comm. unit in his office rang shrilly as he typed up notes from his last consultation and he answered it quickly, unable to tolerate the sound of it for too long. "Doctor McCoy, a gentleman named Hikaru Sulu has called requesting to speak to you," the crisp tone of their receptionist cut through. It wasn't their usual cover Carla, but rather someone else, a friend of Joanna's who needed to earn some extra cash. "Did he say what it's regarding? Only I'm kind of snowed under," he said, grabbing the coffee he'd forgotten he had on his desk and sipping it, finding it cold and pulling a face. "He didn't, just that it was a personal matter and extremely urgent," she said and he frowned. "He still on the line?" "Yes." "Put him through please," he requested, waiting for the click. "Leonard?" Sulu asked quickly, the second the line connected. "Sulu, what can I do for you? You still dirtside?" "Yeah, I am, another week or so yet. Listen I need to swing by your office, is that alright? I have to talk to you about something," he said vaguely but the urgency in his tone remained. "Can't you just tell me over the-" "No. I need to come in. How busy are you?" "Just saw my last patient, writing up the notes. I was trying to get out of here and maybe sleep sometime tonight," he sighed, frustrated with how mysterious the other man was being. "I'll come and pick you up in ten minutes, is that alright?" he asked and McCoy frowned again. "Uh… yeah. I'll be here." "Good, I'll call you when I'm outside," Sulu said, cutting off the call quickly. The doctor didn't have long to wonder. By the time he'd finished typing up his notes the comm. had rung again, Sulu telling him he was outside. He sent the receptionist home for the night, glanced around the empty waiting room and then left, locking up as he did so. Seren was doing lab work that night and had left early. He crossed the street to the car loitering on the other side and approached the passenger door, Sulu was twisted awkwardly in the driver's seat, reaching back behind his own seat for something that Leonard couldn't see from his angle. "So what's so important that you can't tell me over the phone?" Leonard asked curiously, sinking into the passenger seat. Sulu looked up and met his eyes for a moment, his expression giving nothing away. "I had to deal with Lieutenant Hughes' affairs today, get the arrangements for her Starfleet funeral set up, deal with informing her family… and uh… well something caught my attention. I was going through her files and she has no family listed, I did some digging and found out her parents were both 'fleet but died in a shuttle crash when she was nine years old, so she ended up in care through the Starfleet system. Her only living relative is her two year old son. His picture was in her file and I… I think you're going to want to take a look at it," he finished uncertainly, looking downright nervous as the Doctor narrowed his eyes. "You came all the way over here and got me to finish off early, so I can look at a picture of a kid?" he asked incredulously. "It sounds like that, but please, look at him for me," he requested again, producing a PADD and tapping a few items to bring up the required document and attached image. He loaded it and then handed it over to the doctor who frowned at it. "So the system glitched and got one of David's baby pictures in there by mistake, big deal, I've been saying for years standards are slipping down in the admin depart-" "Leonard. Look closer, that isn't David. I thought it was at first too, but it isn't him. That boy has brown eyes," Sulu said, the doctor squinting at the small child in the picture and deciding though he looked incredibly similar to his own son around that age, the eye colour was indeed incorrect. "I think… I think David could be…" "The father," Leonard interrupted, his heart hammering in his ears as he stared at the image in front of him of the boy. His hands were sweating as he gripped the PADD. "Exactly. So I went over to the family services building and I went to meet him, before he goes through the system and ends up in care… and I asked him if he wanted to come for a ride in the car," he smiled faintly, inclining his head back. The doctor frowned and peeked cautiously around the seat to notice a small boy hiding in the rear foot-well, a shock of messy dark hair sticking up in all directions. "Hey back there," he offered softly and the child looked up. His heart was thudding against his ribcage as he was met with a face so similar to his own it sent a shiver down his spine. "He's… he's just so similar to how David looked at that age and if I'm wrong then I'm so sorry I bothered you with this Leonard, but I couldn't let him go into the system without finding out for sure. As soon as I saw his face I knew I had to ask the question," Sulu said seriously. "Looks uh… looks possible, for sure," he forced out, mouth completely dry. "It's possible that David could be his father? Right? If the kid is two and a half, nine months back from there and that's before he and Kirk started their relationship?" Sulu asked, looking at the doctor carefully before glancing back to the small child who was now punching the back of his seat repeatedly. "From what I gather David used to sleep with any girl that would keep still long enough before he and Kirk got together. Let's bring him inside I can run a genetic test off a cheek swab," he said and Sulu nodded, shutting off the car and getting out, opening the back door and scooping up the wriggling toddler who yelled in protest but did not cry. Bones shakily unlocked the clinic and showed Sulu into his office, quickly gathering what he needed. "This used to take hours, days even, we're lucky now it's only a few minutes," he said as he swabbed the inside of his own cheek thoroughly with a cotton swab, placing it in a test tube full of a clear solution when he was done. "Open wide little buddy," Sulu instructed of the young boy who obediently did as he was asked, allowing the doctor to collect the swab from the inside of his mouth. He placed it in an identical test tube before taking both tubes out of the room and into their small on-site lab that they only used to screen for genetic anomalies. He re-programmed the machine to perform a function he had never used before, to check for a DNA match. It took barely sixty seconds for the result to appear and he snatched the print-out, heart racing as it confirmed what was visually so obvious. He was the paternal grandfather of the young boy sitting with Sulu in his office. Steeling himself, he walked the few short steps back into the room and gave one nod to Sulu who let his head fall into his hands. "Jesus. Does David have any idea?" he asked and Bones shook his head. "There's no way he does. He'd have fought her for custody if he knew. I thought I taught that kid how to use a condom," he grumbled, pinching the bridge of his nose and closing his eyes. Sulu chuckled. "But he's adorable, he's like a mini-David, he's got the pout perfectly," Sulu grinned and the doctor cracked a smile at the young boy who was pulling a perfect impression of the sulky face his son had worn through his early childhood. "What's your name little man?" Bones asked, crouching in front of the chair the boy was balanced on. He was reasonably tall for a two year old. His dark hair stood stubbornly up at all angles, striking against his pale skin and big brown eyes. He had the exact same dimple in his chin as David, as well as the seemingly permanent frown on his chubby little face. The boy mumbled an answer, pulling at the sleeve of his little coat with one of his hands. "How did we get here?" Sulu offered. "Car," the boy said confidently. "That's right, we drove in the car," Sulu encouraged. "His name is Thomas. I have his file in the car. I was supposed to officially declare him orphaned today but instead I signed for temporary custody of him from Starfleet, but obviously I'd rather he's with his family." "I can honestly say I have no idea how David is going to take this," Bones sighed, watching as the young boy stretched his mouth in a wide yawn, revealing two lines of tiny white teeth. "Thomas, looks like you can call me Grandpa," he said, offering his hand. The boy looked at him, frown deepening and causing a grin to break out on the doctor's face as he looked at him with such disdain. "He's so mad looking. It's awesome," Sulu beamed. "He's David's alright, not a shred of doubt with an angry face like that. I'd better take him home and get him down for the night, it's nearly eleven, way past bedtime," he said, scooping up the young boy from the chair and into his arms, feeling his paternal instinct kick in strongly as he did so. "You want to go sleepy-time?" he offered gently and the boy nodded, sucking his thumb into his mouth and resting his face against the doctors' shoulder. "Without a car seat I probably shouldn't drive him. Mind dropping me off at home? I can come back for my car tomorrow," he requested and Sulu agreed, the two men heading out and getting into the car, Leonard strapping the seatbelt carefully around him and the tiny, now limp and in a deep sleep body draped with his chin on his shoulder. His mind was buzzing as they drove. He was a grandfather now. He hadn't expected any grandchildren for another couple of years, let alone one appearing so suddenly and under such circumstances. "Thanks for signing for his custody. If he'd gone into the system David might not have been able to get him back." "Of course. Like I said, I took one look at him and saw that he was the image of you and David and knew he needed to come with me," Sulu answered quickly. "So how do you think Kirk will take this?" Sulu asked and Leonard chuckled. "I have no idea how either of them is going to handle it. I mean, their relationship is pretty solid from what I gather, but a kid turning up out of the blue like this is definitely going to be a bit of a shock," he said, still barely able to believe that the tiny chest rising and falling against his own belonged to his grandson. That his son was now a father and had been for over two years without ever knowing. "Where are they hiding?" Sulu asked. "Uh… Bali. Leo knew a guy that owed him a favour, so he hooked them up to stay at his place. Apparently Leo saved this guy's daughter's life in a diving accident. She ran out of oxygen and he shared his bottle with her until they could surface. He's so much like Jim it's kind of disgusting," he sighed and Sulu chuckled. "Oh yeah, that's a Kirk trait alright, risk your own life to save someone else's. Do you think Chris will be alright with a kid?" "Sure. He spends a lot of time around kids, does voluntary work at the hospital one night a week at least. He reads them bedtime stories and plays blocks and wipes snotty noses and none of it even slightly fazes him. It's David who's in for the big shock. He doesn't know how to deal with a child. Starfleet will let David keep him, right?" "I'm not entirely sure on the policy. I think so long as he can prove paternity and none of Hughes' family come forward to apply for custody, it should be fairly simple, worst case it'll go through a hearing in a family court. But it's hardly something I've dealt with before," he said, slowing down as they reached the McCoy household. "I'm already feeling pretty attached to the little guy. I miss my kids being this age," the doctor sighed fondly, thinking about the days when he'd carried Emily or David around on his shoulders, or given Joanna a piggy-back ride, or built a fort out of blankets. "Well, prepare for a lot of babysitting I guess. Good luck with everything, I'll drop you a message with details on how David should proceed with all this… I just need to find out if Hughes had any family at all left on Earth and then talk to Starfleet family services about it," he said as Leonard opened the car door and unfastened his seatbelt, carefully getting out of the car with one hand covering the top of Thomas' head. Sulu handed over his file and a small backpack full of belongings and bid him good luck before leaving. He walked up to the house and let himself in as quietly as possible, not wanting to disturb anybody. He'd need to find somewhere for Thomas to sleep, and some pyjamas for him, he hoped there were some in the backpack. The light was on in the kitchen and he caught sight of Carol sitting at the table working on something. He kicked off his shoes and padded down the short hallway, lifting the small boy a little higher as he did so, his chin now on his shoulder. "So darlin'… I have something to tell you," he began as he walked into the kitchen. She turned and looked at him. First she frowned, then she opened her mouth and closed it a few times, growing a little pale as she walked over and around her husband, looking at the small boy he was holding, taking in his face. She brushed her hand lightly over his forehead and he frowned in his sleep. He didn't miss the way Carol's breath hitched as the recognition hit her. Finally she spoke. "I'm going to kill that boy." "Form a queue darlin', I'm gonna kill him first," Leonard chuckled but there was no heat in either of their threats. "God, he's beautiful," she sighed, staring intently at her grandson. "I know. His mother is Lieutenant Hughes, no immediate family. Sulu went to fill out paperwork at the family centre because he's handling her funeral and he was supposed to transfer this little guy into the public care system but noticed the resemblance and brought him straight to me. We did a cheek swab at the office, he's definitely David's," he said, holding him a little tighter. "He's going to have a fit," she said, both hands now over her mouth. "Probably. We're just gonna have to support him through it. Gonna be a hell of a shock for him and Chris that's for sure. Thought I was gonna have a heart attack myself when I saw his little face and my brain put two and two together," he said, Thomas now stirring against his chest, making small whimpering sounds and wriggling, screwing up his face. "Uh oh Thomas, are you cranky?" he asked and Carol smiled as the small boy opened his eyes and looked around blearily. "It's way past bedtime little man. Are you sleepy?" he asked and the boy nodded. "Some juice and then bed?" Bones offered softly and the boy nodded again. Carol almost tripped over her own feet in her haste to get to the fridge. She located some orange juice and diluted it half and half with water, pouring a very small glass that Bones helped him drink messily from. "Uh oh. Someone still likes to use a sippy cup huh?" he asked and the boy nodded again. "I'm hungry," he protested clearly and Carol laughed openly. "Definitely David's, right? Pissed off looking and always ready to eat," Bones laughed as she rummaged around the kitchen looking for something suitable for the young boy to eat. In the end she settled for boiling an egg and cutting toast into long strips to be dipped into the runny yolk. Thomas had clearly never seen this before and was very amused by it as he was held up by his grandfather and fed by his grandmother. He was giggling loudly as a very confused looking Emily turned the corner into the room and both her parents froze. "Emily, say hi to your nephew, Thomas," Carol grinned, seeing no point in trying to lie or disguise what was really going on. "Nephew?" Emily asked, extremely confused before her eyes widened comically. "Holy fucking shit he's like David's clone!" she gasped. "Mhm and also old enough to repeat every word you say, so watch the language," Bones warned. Emily silently crossed the kitchen and crouched down next to the young boy who grabbed at her hair with messy, eggy hands. "You are going to make your dad very happy," she smiled at the young boy, totally ignoring the mess he was making of her hair. "Really? We were thinking he'd have some kind of breakdown," Bones chuckled, letting Thomas go as he started to wriggle. He immediately clung to Emily's legs and pulled on any fabric he could grab of her jeans, looking up at her expectantly. "You're kidding right? David is broody as hell. He'll be overjoyed, once he gets past the shock. So how did this happen? Standard basket on the front porch situation? Baby momma looking for child support?" she asked, scooping up the child who was still tugging at her jeans. Her father briefly explained Sulu's story about Lieutenant Hughes and how Thomas had come to be in their kitchen that evening. "That's so sad. So lucky Sulu spotted the resemblance or he might have ended up anywhere with anyone. At least this way he's still got his father, and obviously Chris too." "We should call them and tell them they need to come back," Carol said seriously and her husband nodded in agreement. "Yeah, I think they need to be high-tailing it back over here so we can break them the news." *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Jim pulled at the flimsy sleeves of the shirt he had been given. It provided him with basically no protection from the elements, and he knew he'd probably only have minutes wearing it until he would succumb to hypothermia. The Orions had dropped him off on what he assumed was an ice planet not unlike Delta Vega. Except this time there was no Scotty waiting for him in a Starfleet outpost. There was no mysterious Spock Prime, waiting to give him the information that would ultimately lead to him forming his bond with his Spock. There was no help for him here. He had been left with three others, none of whom he had seen before, and none of whom had made any effort to speak to him since they had been dropped off by shuttle. He'd tried to ask around about David McCoy, to see if anyone had heard the name, or seen the young man, but nobody could answer his questions. He shivered harshly, hugging his knees to his chest and resting his forehead on his arms, his breath misting in front of him. Spock please, please help me. Leo… Seren… Chris… anybody. If any of you can hear me, I'm begging you he thought as hard as he could, forcing his mind back many years to when Spock taught him how to shield his thoughts and making sure to do the exact opposite of following the shielding techniques. A heavy thud next to him snapped him back to his senses and he looked up to find one of his fellow captives had dropped to the ground, unresponsive. He crawled over and shook the man by the shoulders, pressing his numb, stiff fingers to his neck looking for a pulse. He couldn't find one. He waited what felt like a long few moments until he was certain the man was dead before doing something he felt sick for even considering and taking the shirt off the limp body and pulling it over his own head, adding an extra layer to his own thin clothing. The two others looked at him with haunted eyes and he wondered if he wore the same expression. It had been what felt like years since he had last seen his own reflection. "I'm sorry," he mumbled to the man, guilt pooling heavy in his stomach. In what Jim guessed was no more than an hour, he was the only living being for what seemed to be miles around. The Orions had left them there deliberately so they would freeze, he was sure of it. It didn't take long for a strong sleepy feeling to overcome him and he let it, simply too exhausted to fight any longer. He was extremely startled to wake what could have been hours or maybe even days later, sweating uncontrollably in a dusty medical tent, laying in a narrow uncomfortable cot. He was alone and dragged himself to his feet, noting a new metal ring around his one ankle, almost exactly the same as the one the Orions had fitted him with aboard the ship. He guessed this one was also capable of delivering a considerable electric shock, the same as the previous one he had been fitted with. He got shakily to his feet, noting the IV line in the back of his hand, and crept towards the opening of the tent, peeking out under the coarse fabric. An Orion must have been watching the doorway because the second he opened it, the man was coming right for him, striding purposefully. Jim raised his hands in surrender as the man bustled into the tent. "Hey, I'm sorry, I was just trying to work out… where am I?" Jim asked and the man looked at him blankly. He set his large hands on his shoulders and pushed him back onto the cot none too gently. He disappeared for a moment and then reappeared with a bowl of a bland-smelling broth, offering it to Jim who looked at it for a moment, trying to work out what the hell was going on. "Where am I? What planet it this?" Jim asked, ignoring the food in front of him. "Where am I?" he asked again, the doctor ignoring him. He asked a few more questions until he gave up and the doctor left for a few seconds, returning with another two Orions in identical medical uniform. Jim struggled as they held him down and force-fed him the broth, nearly ripping the IV out of his hand in the process. "You must eat, become strong for working," the one Orion explained in a heavy accent. "Working where? I don't understand… I was in the cold… and now it's hot?" Jim asked as they let him go, wiping his face with his hands. "Ship dropped off at pole, mines here," the Orion explained, glaring at him. "So you're sending me to work in a mine? I'm probably not the best guy for that," Jim gestured at his skeletal frame. "Eat and be strong, human. Now sleep, later eat more," the first doctor spoke again, raising a hypo to his neck before he could do anything to protest. Jim clung to awareness for a few short minutes until he passed out again in the tiny cot as the effects of the sedative overcame him. A flicker of hope had been ignited in his mind – if he was on a planet, he was in one place and maybe he could be found. Maybe a federation ship would make a stop here, maybe Starfleet would find him. For the first time in a long time, he felt a vague semblance of hope. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "You trust me with this?" Chris smirked as David perched behind him on the jet-ski. "I'd trust you with pretty much anything," he responded immediately, earning himself a quick peck on the lips before they were speeding away from the beach and out towards several large rocks sticking out of the water a few hundred metres off shore. They blasted around the large rocks at high speed, David clinging tightly around his bondmates waist and grinning against his back at the adrenaline rush as they hopped over the waves. They headed off to the right, following some vague instructions from Leo for an excellent snorkel location. The water below them was a dark indigo as they passed over a very deep area of ocean before becoming much lighter as they found themselves over the reef as they drew nearer to a different beach from the one they had set off from. "Do you think this is the place?" David asked as Chris eased off on the throttle and they slowed to a near stop. He looked around and then down into the water. "I think it seems like the right place, let's find out," he said, pulling two snorkel masks and tubes from where they were stowed in a small compartment on the jet-ski. Chris was ready first and jumped backwards into the water, limbs flailing and creating a huge splash. David chuckled at how utterly ungraceful and clumsy he was. He surfaced a moment later, giving a thumbs up before immediately putting his face back into the water to look at whatever was below him. David dismounted the jet-ski more slowly and climbed down into the water cautiously, making sure his mask was sealed tight and the tube in his mouth at the correct angle to only bring him air from the surface before putting his face down into the water, still clinging to the jet-ski with one hand. He imagined if he could have seen his own face his expression would have been one of comedic shock as he took in the scene below him. A colourful coral reef stretched as far as he could see in the crystal clear water, fish of nearly every colour and size flitting around. Chris dived down, all flailing limbs again, and grabbed something off the bottom, bringing it over to David for him to see. "Starfish," he said, muffled by the tube in his mouth as he held out the small blue starfish for him to see. They looked at him for a few seconds before Chris took him back where he had come from. A larger silver fish approached David who nervously backed away, backing right up against the jet-ski and feeling very exposed in just his swim trunks. Come on, I got you, let's go and explore. Soothed by Chris' encouragement inside their bond, he let go of the small craft in favour of clutching Chris' hand tightly instead, letting him lead them away and out over the reef. It didn't take him long to forget his fear as he watched clouds of tiny blue fish hovering above a pink piece of coral, and laughed as Chris got pecked by curious parrot-fish. "Those bastards have beaks!" Chris protested as they stopped for a short break, treading water and breathing normally with their masks and tubes hanging around their necks. David was suddenly aware of something larger than a fish moving in the water off to his left, near the edge of the reef. "There's a shark!" he cried out, thrashing away from the direction he'd seen the movement, Chris immediately putting himself in front of his bondmate in a way that made his heart do an odd sort of flutter in his chest. "I'll take a look," he said, barely a hint of fear in his voice as he pulled his mask back over his eyes and nose, placing the tube in his mouth and ducking his face under the water. He made a sound of surprise, muffled by the tube as he swam towards the strange shadow David had seen. It's not a shark, it's a dolphin! David scrambled for his own mask, forgoing the tube and just holding his breath as he ducked his face back under the water, swimming towards where Chris was floating just above the edge of the reef, where the ocean floor dropped off into the dark depths they couldn't see. He watched for a few seconds before another shape emerged from the gloom, coming directly at them before becoming clear as what it was. It's totally not a dolphin, that's a shark! David protested through their bond, backing up from the approaching creature. Well yeah, that is a shark, but it's a lemon shark so it won't hurt you. Those are dolphins Chris was pointing him in a different direction now and he strained his eyes to see, but as they drew closer he could make out the shapes of several streamlined dolphins playing at the reef drop-off, chasing one another and swimming in circles and patterns. They watched them for a while and explored the reef some more, even being lucky enough to glimpse a sea-turtle before David felt himself getting tired. "Come on, let's get you back to the house," Chris ordered, practically having to drag him back to the jetski and help pull him out of the water onto it. "These pain meds for my ankle make me so drowsy," David complained, trying to force himself to stay awake. "Yeah, I took that kind for a little while, the drowsiness sucks," Chris agreed as he fumbled with the wet key to the jetski, trying to find the ignition. "How did you keep yourself awake?" David asked curiously, fighting back a yawn. "Uh… Well, a huge amount of cocaine?" Chris smirked and David chuckled. "Yeah I'm probably not going to do that," he laughed as Chris began to speed them back off towards the beach. The next thing he knew David was dry and warm, laying on a soft fluffy towel on a lounger beside the pool back at the house. Chris was fast asleep laying on his front on the lounger next to him and he reached out a hand to push his salt-encrusted hair back off his forehead. A pair of dark eyes fluttered open. "Hey," he smiled. "Hey. You fell asleep on the jetski, I had to drag you back here," Chris smirked and David felt a little bit of pink blush rising in his cheeks. "Sorry." "It's cool. You're cute when you're asleep, I like watching you sleep," Chris smiled, shifting closer with a small smile playing on his lips. "Aww you're blushing!" he taunted and David felt his face turning redder still, he grumbled in protest and rolled away from his bondmate, turning his back on him. Chris laughed and shifted from the lounger he was laying on onto David's, scooting right up behind his back, teasing him about his blushing before starting to tickle him. David struggled, laughing uncontrollably as he was tickled mercilessly. "Chris – stop – fuck you," he forced out between giggles until finally he relented. With a jolt of nervousness David noticed his bondmate was pressed fully against his back, and he was at least half hard. "Ignore it, sorry," Chris apologised quickly, backing away a little having sensed David's feelings through the bond. "I uh… I don't want to," he admitted, his voice coming out a little rough. He turned over to face the part-Vulcan, feeling more than a little aroused from all the grabbing a moment ago. Chris glanced down his body and then back up to meet his eyes, looking uncertain. David pushed down his nervousness, reaching out to grip the back of his head and pull him in for a heated kiss. Before either of them really knew what was happening David was on top and they were kissing fiercely, hands wandering even though Chris had yet to touch him anywhere covered by his swim-trunks. He struggled with the waistband string on Chris' trunks before finally succeeding and plunging his hand inside to wrap firmly around his cock, causing Chris' breath to stutter a little. "What do you want?" Chris panted between kisses, David dropping his head to nip at his collarbone, not giving him an answer, fighting the corner of his mind telling him to stop, trying to push past it and focus purely on the physical, focus on how good it felt to have his hands on Chris again after all their time apart. "Do you want to fuck me?" Chris asked in a low voice, causing David to whine and push his hips forward, pressing his erection against Chris' thigh. A distinct feeling of nervousness and uncertainty was spilling into Chris' mind through the bond, but he tried to ignore it, not wanting David to know he was aware. "Mmm is that a yes?" Chris asked and David gave up trying to suck a hickey into his neck and looked up at him, blue eyes blazing. "I feel kind of nervous," he admitted and Chris shook his head, reaching up to caress his cheek lightly. "You don't have to feel nervous with me, not now and not ever, and we don't have to do anything you don't want to," he promised and David nodded. "I don't know if I can… not yet," he admitted nervously and Chris smiled, still a little out of breath. "I have something else I'd really like to do, if that's ok?" he asked and David hesitated a moment before nodding, allowing Chris to drag him back into the house and sit him on the edge of the bed, both of their shorts being lost along the way. Before David could protest Chris was on his knees between his legs and the incredible warmth of his mouth was wrapped around his erection. He let out a truly embarrassing sound somewhere between a whine and a yell of surprise before cursing under his breath and trying to stop his mind from going anywhere than this moment right now. "I missed seeing you naked," Chris mumbled in a low tone as he pulled off for a second, his hand replacing his mouth as he looked up to meet David's eyes. "You're so fucking hot, you know that? Drives me crazy just thinking about your body," he praised, blush rising in David's cheeks again as Chris' hungry eyes roamed his body. He leaned up on his elbows to get a better view as Chris took him into his mouth again, maintaining the eye-contact between them. Instinctively David reached out and grabbed a handful of Chris' salt-encrusted hair, threading his fingers into it and tugging a little, causing Chris to let out a small moan of approval. David closed his eyes and tried to force himself to enjoy what was happening. He tried to ignore the way his heart was hammering against his ribs that had nothing to do with arousal. But he couldn't ignore the fact that he wasn't enjoying what was happening, that panic was rapidly welling up inside of him like a tsunami he couldn't contain. A sense of confusion came through the bond as he felt his body begin to lose interest in proceedings. "Stop! Stop… stop it," he stammered out, yanking Chris' head away harshly by the handful of hair he already had threaded between his fingers. He crawled up the bed rapidly, needing to put some space between them, curling his knees up to his chest and wrapping his arms around them. "David?" Chris asked softly, the younger man so lost in his own head that he hadn't even noticed Chris sitting on the edge of the bed next to him, now wearing boxers. "I'm so sorry," Chris whispered and David dared to look up at him for a second, meeting his dark eyes. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to push you… I… I thought it was okay," Chris breathed, tears welling in his eyes. "Well, apparently it isn't," David forced out. They didn't speak for a long moment, sitting in an extremely awkward silence until Chris got up and headed for the other room, returning a moment later with a glass of water that he handed to his bondmate. David took one sip and then set it down on the side, his stomach not wanting to allow him to consume anything at all at that moment. "We both had like fifty billion missed calls from your parents," he said quietly as he sat on the edge of the bed again. "Don't care right now," David snapped back and Chris nodded. "Good point. We can't call them back anyway it's like four in the morning in San Fran. Come on, get in the bed, you'll be more comfortable," Chris ordered, trying to cajole the younger man into getting under the covers and resting his head on the pillow. David didn't move a muscle. He felt like he was frozen to the edge of the bed with his knees curled up to his chest. "I'm gonna go brush my teeth, I'll be back soon," Chris said, leaving him alone. He was gone for over ten minutes, which left David enough time to find his pyjamas and pull them on, and crawl under the covers, curling into a ball on his side, hugging his arms protectively around himself. "You uh… feeling ok?" Chris asked carefully from the side of the bed and David opened his eyes to look up at him. "I uh… no. Not really. I just want to sleep," he lied blatantly, and by the look in his eyes Chris knew it was a lie. "Ok, then lets sleep," he said, not wanting to push things. "I didn't mean to push you," Chris added quietly as he got into his own side of the bed and David shook his head. "Can we not talk about this right now? I just want to sleep," David asked weakly. Chris did as he was told and let his bondmate go to sleep, waking a few hours later to find the bed empty. He dragged himself out of bed, setting off in search of David and finding him curled on the couch fully dressed and under a blanket, a mess of crumpled tissues on the floor. Chris felt immensely guilty and stood there for a few moments looking at him, unsure of how to proceed. "You breathe really loudly," David murmured, startling Chris who thought he was still asleep. "You can hear me breathing?" he asked and David nodded, sitting up and stretching, moving his head from side to side to ease the crick in his neck. "Are you ok?" Chris asked, taking one step closer and regretting it when David visibly flinched back. "Uh… not really," David answered honestly, rubbing at his puffy eyes. His face was a mess and he'd obviously been crying for some time. "I'm sorry, this is all my fault. I pressured you and I was being selfish and I have no idea what you're going through and… I just… I can't even put into words how sorry I am." "We both just wanted to try and get it over with I guess, try and tell ourselves it was all ok," David said flatly having clearly spent a long time laying on the couch trying to make sense of everything in his mind. "I've never felt so conflicted. I want desperately for you to hold me and at the same time I never want anyone to touch me ever again, and I… I don't know what I want or what I need and-"David's voice cracked and Chris just looked at him helplessly, standing there in his boxers in the dim light that made the dark scarring on his chest so much more obvious. "What do you need from me?" Chris asked and David stared at him for a long few moments before he looked down at the floor. "I honestly don't know right now. Space from you? Maybe. But then I don't want to be alone. I couldn't think of anything worse." "If you need space I can give you that. I can sleep on the couch until we go home, and when we get back I can move in with Spock for a while, give you some time to-" "I don't want you to move out, and I don't want you to be uncomfortable," David interrupted, gesturing at his own chest and Chris shrugged him off. "I'm used to it. It always interrupts my sleep anyway. I'd rather you slept well. We could even put a bed in that third room at the house, Emily's music stuff room, we could get a small bed in there and I can sleep there. You just… you need to tell me. I feel like I forced you into something that you weren't happy with," Chris said glumly, guilt clear on his face. "I wasn't thinking clearly. I was uncomfortable and scared, but at the same time… the bond and… it's been a long time… I don't know. I didn't know what I wanted, but now I know that I think I need more time, maybe a lot more time," he said, shifting a little in his seat as Chris nodded. "Ok. More time it is. As much time as you ever need, and when we get home we'll work on the sleeping arrangements. You want the bed for tonight here?" he offered and David looked guilty. "Take it, go on, get some rest," Chris insisted, accepting David's grateful peck on the cheek as he passed him to go back into the bedroom. He settled on the couch, shifting around until he got comfortable. He brushed his fingers against the spot on his cheek David's lips had just touched and sighed, closing his eyes and trying to force himself to sleep. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Thomas had slept for around two hours before Leonard was woken by loud crying from down the hall. Carol was still fast asleep so he snuck out quickly to tend to him, finding the small boy standing on the bed in David's room wailing at the top of his lungs. "What's the matter little man?" he asked quietly, closing the door of the room and flicking on the bedside lamp, sitting on the bed. "Not tired," he protested and Leonard sighed. "Thomas I know you are tired, it's almost two in the morning which is time for sleeping," he offered and the boy shook his head furiously. "Want to play," he argued. Leonard looked around for the backpack and grabbed it, opening it and digging through the small number of items there. Amongst the few items of clothing and some spare pull-ups there was one rather chewed looking stuffed bear. "Who's this guy?" he asked, handing the bear over to the boy who grabbed him and eagerly pulled him to his chest. "Hmm? What's his name?" he asked and the boy shook his head, holding the bear tightly and sitting back down on the bed. "Do you want me to read you a bedtime story?" he offered and the boy looked at him carefully for a few seconds. "Where's mommy?" he asked and Leonard froze. He hadn't decided if it was really his place to try and explain to the young boy that his mother wouldn't be coming back or if he would let him try and form a bond with David first. "She's not here right now little guy, so you're gonna have to make do with Grandpa. Let me go get a story," he said, leaving the room for just a second to grab his personal PADD from his bedside cabinet before creeping back into David's bedroom, finding Thomas now under the comforter again, ragged bear held close and his head on the pillow. "Looks like you are sleepy," he pointed out, earning himself an intense stare as he awkwardly climbed into the bed beside his grandson. He scrolled through his PADD, finding that of course he didn't have anything suitable for Thomas' age. "Looks like I don't have any stories on here, should I look one up? Or should I tell you one of my stories?" "Story about spaceship," Thomas demanded excitedly and Leonard smiled and nodded, racking his memory for something suitable. In the end he told the story of what had happened on Niburu all those years ago, Spock in the volcano, himself and Jim on the planet. By the time he reached the point in the story of the Enterprise rescuing Spock from the volcano Thomas' eyelids were drooping. It took him barely ten minutes to appear to be fast asleep. Leonard looked down at him and watched him for a few minutes, still not really able to believe David was this little boy's father. A small hand grabbed his arm and he looked down quickly, finding the boys eyes still closed. "Do you want me to stay here?" he offered and Thomas nodded against the pillow. Leonard shuffled down in the bed, re-positioning the pillows under his head and reaching over to shut off the lamp, allowing the young boy to grip tightly onto his left arm. He somewhat awkwardly reached over to stroke his back until he was sure he was asleep, his breathing had evened out and his little body was totally relaxed. He forced himself to close his eyes and go to sleep, wondering why this little boy trusted him so much after having spent barely a few hours with him. He obviously had no fear of strangers which told him he was used to dealing with lots of different people all the time. He fell asleep wondering how much he'd be able to learn about the child from his and his mother's files. He woke up to a small body climbing across his mid-section, a sharp knee pressing on his uncomfortably full bladder. "You snoring," giggled Thomas, hair completely wild now, eyes bright and full of energy for a new day. "I was huh?" he asked and the boy giggled and nodded. "What time did we make it until?" he asked the boy with a wide yawn and he fumbled for the PADD on the bedside table. The time glared up at him, and it wasn't a time he particularly wanted to see. "Young man it's barely six in the morning, are you trying to kill me?" he asked with a weary sigh. Thomas looked up at him and then tilted his head to the side with a big smile and his heart just melted. "Alright little guy, let's get you a bath, some new pull-ups and then some breakfast," he said, hauling himself out of bed after accepting there was no more sleep to be had now that the toddler was awake. He led the small boy down the hall to the bathroom and grabbed a big fluffy towel from the laundry closet, filling the bath around halfway with warm water with a small amount of some bubbly liquid that wasn't too strong smelling. "Bath bath!" Thomas squealed with joy as Leonard helped him wriggle out of his little pyjamas printed with tiny cartoon starships. "You like bathtime?" Leonard asked as the now naked toddler tried to scale the side of the bathtub. "Bath!" he squealed again and Leonard flinched, knowing he probably would have woken up the entire house. "Shh, little man, no yelling so early," he scolded gently as he lifted the small boy over the side and placed him carefully in the tub. Leonard could feel his age in his back and his knees as he washed off the small boy he kept trying to throw handfuls of bubbles at his face. Without any warning Thomas raised both arms and crashed his hands into the water excitedly, giggling loudly as he soaked the man bathing him. "So you're a comedian, huh kid?" Bones asked, tickling him a little before lifting him out of the tub and wrapping him in the towel. Before he could do anything to stop him, Thomas took off running down the hallway giggling hysterically, the towel dragging behind him like a cape. Leonard cursed his aching knees and hurried after him, worried he might fall down the stairs. He turned the corner on the landing and found Thomas safe and well, and being held by an extremely confused looking Leo. "Uh… Bones? There's a naked miniature David in the house. Do you know anything about this?" he asked, holding the boy up effortlessly at arms length while he flailed and struggled. "Emily didn't tell you last night?" he asked, taking the child off Leo and wrapping him snugly in the large towel so he couldn't wriggle so much. "She was already asleep when I got here. I snuck in late, was doing overtime for Scotty," he explained, hinting at the cup of strong coffee he'd balanced precariously on the stairs when he'd reactively grabbed the toddler. "Oh. Yeah so uh… this is Thomas." "He looks like Lieutenant Hughes," Leo commented and Leonard nodded. "She's his mother. Sulu grabbed him from the care facility when he went to declare him orphaned, if David ever calls me back I'm going to try and get him back here to meet him and figure out what he wants to do now," he explained and Leo remained fairly expressionless. "I uh… don't really know what to say. He's cute. Chris will be happy," Leo said awkwardly, scratching the back of his head. "Breakfast!" Thomas shrieked and Leonard flinched at the volume. "Alright little guy, clothes first," he instructed, passing Leo without addressing his odd reaction and finding him some more clothes amongst the contents of his small backpack. He needed more stuff. Kids this age were messy and Leonard knew he would likely need more than one set of clothing just for that day. His suspicions were proved correct at breakfast when Thomas decided to place a handful of his porridge in the pocket of his little sweater. He discouraged him, but didn't get too mad. It was impossible to with his huge brown eyes staring up at him so innocently. He quickly ate something himself before sending a message to Seren to let her know he would likely be late into the clinic if she could cover his first appointment. He'd explain to her when he had time. Carol arrived downstairs with perfect timing to allow him to sneak off and take a quick shower and get dressed. By the time he got back downstairs Thomas was engrossed in cartoons while Carol read from a PADD on the couch, glancing up from time to time. "I still can't believe it," she said, looking at the young boy who was giggling happily at the cartoons in front of him. "Me either. David call you back yet?" "Not yet, but hopefully-" She stopped talking as her communicator started to chirp. "Divert it to the…" Leonard trailed off as his wife was one step ahead of him, inviting a video call and sending it to the larger screen, causing the cartoons to stop and Thomas to look very confused for a second. He bent down and scooped him up, balancing him on one hip and walking away far enough that he wouldn't be in the field of vision of the video comm. "Hey," he heard David's voice come through, he sounded uncertain and uncomfortable. "Hi. We need you to come home straight away," Carol said immediately and seriously. "What's happened?" David asked, a hint of concern in his voice. "Something… something has come to light, that we need you to be aware of as soon as possible. Can you come home? Your father and I would rather we tell you this in person," she said, a little more gently. "I uh… yeah. Yeah, we can come back, I'll get us on the next shuttle," he said, sounding worried. He cut off the communication quickly and Leonard sat down beside Carol, standing the small boy on his lap. He looked between the two of them, grinning happily. "Socially he's not normal, but as far as I can tell he's happy and healthy," Leonard said and Carol nodded. "No, of course not, he doesn't have a fear of strangers. We need to get hold of Lieutenant Hughes' files, I should be able to pull them up. I imagine it must be because he's spent a lot of time getting looked after by a lot of different people, he's just come to think of everyone as a friend," she said as Thomas started to wriggle so Leonard let him down, placing him carefully on his feet on the floor. He was steady on his feet and ran immediately over to the corner. "He needs stuff… more clothes, pull-ups… a bed," he listed off just a few items and Carol nodded. "Those are responsibilities for his father, don't you think?" she asked and he contemplated for a moment. "I think if the circumstances right now were different, I'd agree, but I think David needs all the help he can get. When they get back later I'll go shopping with them for everything they need," he said, trying to stifle a yawn. "What time did you get up with him?" she asked and he stretched a little. The mattress on David's bed was firmer than he was used to and it had disagreed with his back. "Uh… around one I think, told him a story until he went back to sleep. Then he trod on me at around six and that was that," he explained as they watched Thomas foraging around the living room, looking for something to play with. "He's absolutely beautiful," she said quietly and he nodded his agreement, giving her a kiss on the cheek before leaving for work. He'd end up cutting his day short to be back for when David arrived, but he'd go in for as long as he could to try and cover their huge demand for appointments. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Chris held onto David's hand tightly as they walked up the driveway towards the house. "My Mom sounded like… super serious. Something is wrong, I can feel it… someone is sick, or something has happened or-" David's nervous rambling was cut off as the door opened for them, Carol standing on the other side of it. "Thank you for coming back so quickly. Come in, go in the lounge," she instructed. She followed them in and instructed them to sit, then left the room. Bones sidled in and sank into his favourite armchair, cup of coffee clutched in one hand. He didn't say a word but looked at them both closely. "I feel sick," David sighed, a fresh wave of nervousness coursing through their bond. "I'm sure it's fine, I'm sure everybody is fine," Chris comforted, holding his hand tightly and trying to focus on sending calming emotions through their bond. "He's a little cranky because he was taking a nap," Carol's voice carried around the corner and David looked confused for a moment until she walked around and back into the room, clutching a young boy in her arms. "David… this is Thomas. He's your son," Leonard spoke at last. He didn't give away any emotions in his voice, just stated a fact, but his half-raised eyebrow conveyed a little annoyance. David just stared, Chris glanced between his bondmate and the small boy, deciding immediately that the only person in the universe that could be this kids father, was David. He was the perfect likeness, apart from his brown eyes. David let go of his hand, putting both of his hands over his own face and hiding for a moment. "Hughes," he said hoarsely and his mother nodded. Chris touched David's forearm gently to get his attention. When David glanced at him he offered a smile and then took the lead, standing up and going over to Carol and the boy. "Hey there Thomas," he spoke in a tone of voice David had never heard him use before, even in the last week when he had been taking such care of him, he'd never heard him speak so softly. "Did we interrupt your nap, huh? I'm sorry little man," he said and Thomas buried his face into Carol's neck shyly and she chuckled. "He's not shy with anyone else at all. He's met Leo and Emily, and Leonard had to sleep in with him last night because he wouldn't sleep alone," she explained and Chris took a step closer. "Can I hold him?" he asked. David remained where he was on the couch, frozen to his seat with an expression of total disbelief on his face. "Sure. Here Thomas, go to Chris," she encouraged, trying to hand the boy over. He whined in protest and wriggled until Carol set him down on the floor on his feet. He ran immediately the few steps to the couch and grabbed David's legs, resting his chin on his knees and staring up at him. David looked shellshocked and Chris watched curiously. "H-hey little guy," he said uncertainly. "I Thomas," he said happily and David gave a nervous smile. "Hi Thomas," he said, looking up and meeting Chris' eyes for a second, excitement surging through their bond in equal parts with nervousness. "I uh… I'm David," he said weakly. "David," Thomas repeated. "You got it," David smiled, reaching out a hand to lightly touch his son's forehead, pushing back the untidy dark hair. "You've got your mothers eyes," he said, tears spilling down his face as he looked at his son, expression of total wonder on his face now. "Hug hug!" Thomas squealed excitedly and David looked panicked, looking to his mother for help. "I think he wants you to hold him," she encouraged and David awkwardly picked up the boy for the first time, hands placed uncomfortably under his arms, placing him next to him on the couch. Thomas got to his feet and then boldly stepped right into David's personal space, wrapping both his arms around him and nuzzling his face against his upper arm. "Hug and no more crying," he said quietly in his little voice and Chris bit the inside of his mouth to try and stop himself from tearing up. David sniffled and wrapped his arms around the boy in return, holding him close, looking at Chris with panic in his eyes. Thomas suddenly let go and jumped off the couch with alarming speed, sprinting from the room and towards the hallway, rapid shuffling announcing his was climbing the stairs. Carol disappeared in pursuit, leaving David and Chris staring at each other in a stunned, slightly uncomfortable silence. Bones excused himself from the room, leaving them to talk. "I don't… I don't understand why she never told me. I would have been there. I would have… I would have helped take care of him…" David said in a hollow voice. "She must have had her reasons for keeping it a secret," Chris said, his tone strained, unsure where he would have fitted in David's little vision of himself helping Hughes raise the child. "I don't know how to take care of a kid. What is he, three years old? I don't know anything about kids. I don't know what to do. Maybe I should give him up for adoption, maybe it's the best thing for him," he said, sounding utterly broken. Chris looked at him. He still had refused to shave since his return from the Orion ship, and his stubble was now thick and dark, making him look much older than his twenty-two years. He still looked tired and strained, and now he looked scared. "I do… I know. From my volunteering at the hospital. I picked up a lot. I mean mostly I dealt with kids age five and up, but two or three isn't too bad, I'll manage, I'll figure it out, and you'd regret it so much if you let him go," he reassured, sitting next to David who immediately grabbed his hand quite desperately. "What the hell am I going to do?" asked David, as if he hadn't heard any of the reassurances at all. Chris sighed and turned to face him, trying to get David to meet his eyes. "We are going to be fine. We'll learn how to take care of him, we'll split taking care of him, and we'll get him a little bed to go in the third bedroom at the house. We'll manage, it'll be alright," he said firmly and David nodded, still looking terrified. Carol and Thomas returned, Thomas now holding a scruffy looking teddy bear that he handed to David with a big grin. "Hug bear," he instructed and David just looked at him, the chewed bear hanging limply in his hand. "Hug bear!" Thomas shrieked and David quickly obeyed, holding the bear tightly to his chest with one arm, leaving his other hand linked to Chris'. Thomas looked at their joined hands before grabbing them with his own, his whole hand just barely reaching around their meshed fingers. He climbed back onto the couch, laying on his front and stuffing his thumb in his mouth, one hand still clinging onto where Chris and David's hands were joined. It didn't take long for Thomas to fall asleep. David snuck away first, carefully extracting his hand and then leaving the room hurriedly. Chris listened to his footsteps tracking through the house, and then the door to the back yard open and then slide closed again. He sat in silence and looked down at the young boy, already feeling completely besotted with him. He ran his hand through his soft dark hair, watching as his long eyelashes fluttered a little. "You're pretty cool, you know that?" he said quietly. "I mean… you're kind of a surprise. Your dad isn't too keen on surprises, but I think you'll probably grow on him pretty quickly. He's kind of going through a hard time right now, but I think we're going to be ok," he said, talking more to himself than anything. Carol peeked back into the room and gave him a small smile. "How's David?" she asked seriously, sitting down on the other side of the sleeping toddler who was still clutching Chris' much larger hand with one of his own. "He's… I don't know. Not great. Something happened yesterday and he's gone completely into his shell about it, even though at the time I thought it was fine," he said, trying to be vague but also to give enough away that she would know what he was talking about. He needed help to deal with David, who had been incredibly distant since the previous day after their encounter by the pool and then in the bedroom. "The Orions assaulted him," she said bluntly. Her mouth was pressed closed in a stern line and her steely grey eyes were very serious. "I… It's not my place," Chris backtracked a little and she pressed further. "I know something happened because even my security clearance can't access his medical files anymore. Was… was he raped?" she asked, barely above a whisper. Chris looked at the floor. "We… we think he fought them off. Somebody fought them off. He was assaulted," Chris seethed, pulling his knees up to his chest and closing his eyes for a moment. "He's afraid of you, afraid of intimacy," Carol asked, her question coming out as more of a statement. Chris made an uncertain sound. "It's hard to tell. I can feel in our bond that he's conflicted. I mean… we've missed each other, and there's been frustration on both sides, but I touch him and he flinches away. While we've been in Bali we basically just held hands a lot, cuddled, maybe a few kisses here and there. I walked into the room naked once and he basically ran away from me, and he always locked the bathroom when he was taking a shower. But something happened yesterday and now he… he's barely even met my eye since, and he asked me to sleep on the couch last night, and when we get home we aren't going to share a bed," Chris blurted out, immediately feeling uncomfortable. David would be so embarrassed if he knew Chris had discussed their sex life with his mother. Carol cleared her throat a little. "I imagine it's going to take him time to get back to normal. Maybe if he talks to somebody about what he's feeling. I imagine he's going to be a lot more stressed now with Thomas and everything, and the fact that you guys are going to have to file for his custody from Starfleet. Just be there for him as much as you can?" she asked and he nodded. "Always." Thomas stirred a little, peeking up at Chris watching over him before sitting up and looking up at him curiously. "Hey there little guy," he offered and the boy just blinked. "Romlan," he said, looking at Chris intently. "Romlan? Oh, you mean Romulan? No buddy, I'm not a Romulan," he chuckled, picking the boy up and standing him on his lap. "I'm a Vulcan, we're different. But I'm part-human too, just like you," he said with a smile and Thomas reached for his ear, grabbing at it. He flinched a little but let the boy grab and look. "Your ears are round, and mine are pointed, see?" Chris explained, guiding Thomas' hand to feel his own ear, and then back to his different shaped one so he could feel the difference. "Where's Grandpa?" he asked Carol and Chris sniggered at the thought of Bones being called 'Grandpa'. "He's gone to talk to David. Shall we find something to play with until he gets back?" she offered and the toddler nodded eagerly, bouncing on Chris' lap, his foot slipping dangerously close to standing on him somewhere incredibly painful. "I know a fun game we can play," Chris said quickly, standing up and holding Thomas securely under his arms. "You want to be a starship captain?" Chris asked before launching the toddler up in the air quickly, keeping a firm grip on him and lifting him up high, holding him over his head leaning forwards. Thomas giggled and squealed his approval as Chris zoomed him around the room making starship noises until he noticed David standing in the doorway watching them, his face tearstained but a slight smile on his lips as he watched them, warm affection coming through their bond. "Thomas I think it's nearly dinner time. Shall we find you something you like to eat in the kitchen?" Carol offered as Chris landed him on the couch again. He nodded eagerly, hopping down and following Carol into the kitchen, leaving Chris and David alone. "So I uh… I like him. Can we keep him?" Chris asked lightly and David chuckled, running a hand through his hair as he often did when he was stressed out. "I guess we have to. Seeing as I need to take responsibility for my actions and all," David said awkwardly. "Hey, no contraception is effective a hundred percent of the time," Chris offered and David laughed. "No, that's true, but this is my own stupid fault. I uh… I have a huge hatred of that stupid male shot, it makes me gain weight," he admitted and Chris raised an eyebrow. "You weren't getting the shot? Jesus. Between the two of us we might have knocked up half of San Francisco," he chuckled and David gave him a look in return. "The shot isn't designed for Vulcans. Gives me a headache. I only ever got it once, and after that I just hoped for the best or stuck with condoms," he shrugged. "God damn we were both so fucking dumb," David sighed, sinking back into the couch. "My dad just came to talk to me while I was sitting outside and basically ripped me a new one about not being careful. I told him it's too damn late for that now," he said and Chris made a sound of agreement. "He's mad?" "Well, yeah, but I think more because he's missed the first two and half years of his first Grandkid's life. I mean. I'm pretty pissed myself. I managed to get a little bit of info though. His birthday is in June, the twentieth, his full name is Thomas Allen Hughes. He doesn't have any medical issues, he was born right on time and a good weight, and he's growing fine, got all his inoculations up to date and all that, hitting his milestones. Socially he's unusual, but it looks as though he's spent at least half of his life in daycare, so he just trusts everybody he meets. Doesn't seem like Hughes had a huge bond with him," he said sadly and Chris met his eyes. "But he can have a huge bond with us," he said, fighting against the lump in his throat and David broke their eye contact and looked away. "I'm sorry. I know this must be a lot. I understand if you don't want to stick around," he said and Chris laughed. "You're kidding right? Thomas only sweetens the deal. You're both keepers, don't think you're getting away that easy. You promised me a wedding," he pointed out and David looked back at him, looking comforted. "You're sure?" "Very sure. Now let's get our heads together and figure out what we need to get for him, because little kids need a lot of stuff." *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "Remind me that we're never having kids?" Leo asked Emily, watching Chris and David bring everything they had bought into the house. "Sure," she said absently as she tried to get her nephew to change into his pyjamas. He was extremely determined to run around naked instead. "See, he gets to run around naked and it's fine, but if I try and do it it's 'inappropriate'," Leo protested. "He's two years old. You're a grown ass man. It's different," said David, scooping up Thomas from behind and holding him while Emily wrestled a pair of pull-ups onto the small boy "Does he know how to use the bathroom yet?" Leo asked and Chris shrugged. "We're not too sure if he's potty trained, we'd guess not because he's been in daycare so much. But David has kindly nominated me as potty-training master, so I'm gonna try to teach him," Chris said determinedly as he worked on assembling the extra bed they'd bought for the child. "You sure you don't need my help with that?" Leo offered with a smirk as he watched Chris struggle. "No," he answered bluntly as the leg he'd been attaching fell off and bumped him on the forehead. "McCoys, distract him in the lounge, we'll get this finished," Leo instructed as Emily and David finished getting Thomas dressed in his pyjamas. Once they'd left the room he cornered his brother who answered his questions before he could even ask. "Yes. I'm fine about this. No, I know it's not ideal, and yes, I'm a little bit jealous somebody else got to have David's kid. And we're going to figure something out about who takes care of him when, we don't know yet. We still have five days before David has to debrief, and then I have my hearing for crashing the main power source at Starfleet HQ, so who knows what's gonna happen," he said and Leo nodded, taking in all his answers. "I hope David is going to be ok, he seems stressed as hell." "He'll be fine eventually. He's getting over a pretty traumatic thing, and now to have this dropped in his lap too isn't exactly ideal. But he's strong, he's going to get through this. I'll make him get through this," he said as he and his twin worked to get the bed finished in the room. They were finished soon enough and packed up all the tools, getting the mattress in place and then making the bed up. They just had some old spare sheets David had lying around from his academy dorm that they were using for now. "You should get him some cool sheets with like… tribbles on them or something," Leo suggested as he stuffed a pillow into the plain pale-blue case. "Not everyone shares your affection for those little hairballs," Chris chuckled as he worked on getting the fitted sheet over the mattress corners. "Man I don't know what kids like. Cartoons?" he suggested weakly and Chris rolled his eyes. "I'm just glad I've done so many hours volunteering at the hospital to know a thing or two about taking care of a kid. I'm probably the most qualified of the four of us," he sighed, completing the sheet and throwing the comforter over the bed, then stepping back and folding his arms across his chest. "No pressure then," Leo grinned as they went back out into the lounge to find Thomas half asleep on David's lap on the couch, sippy cup of warm milk dangling from his hand. "We gave him warm milk like Dad suggested before bed and he's pretty much down for the count," Emily explained. "Yeah, he's still kind of in a food-coma after Mom fed him earlier, he had two dinners," David chuckled, gently taking away the cup. Thomas whined and weakly grabbed for it. "You want more? How can you want more? Your belly is so full," he chuckled, handing back the bottle and placing his hand on the boys tummy. Chris grinned at the positive interaction between David and his son, pleased to see them beginning to form a bond. Thomas drank a few more mouthfuls before whining angrily and kicking his legs. "He's tired and cranky. Let's get him to brush his teeth and try the potty and then bed," Chris stepped in and David looked at him hopefully. "Ok, I'll handle this," he sighed, taking the toddler from him and into the bathroom. First he brushed his teeth, managing to make a bit of a mess when Thomas decided to spit his toothpaste all down his arm. Then he pulled out the brand new plastic potty from under the cabinet where Leo had stuffed it when they were putting everything away. "You need to use the bathroom little guy?" Thomas looked at him blankly, but was shifting his weight from side to side distinctly like he needed to go. Chris freed him from his pyjama pants and pull ups and encouraged him to sit on the little green plastic seat. He was relieved when the small boy understood immediately and did as Chris had hoped; only he wasn't entirely done when Chris tried to pick him up, and he peed on the Vulcan's arm, giggling a little when Chris yelled out indignantly. "You're not funny little man, not funny at all," he scolded as he took care of the potty then washed his hands and arms thoroughly in the sink, keeping an eye on Thomas as the toddler pulled up his own pants and waited. "Now bedtime," he instructed, holding him at the sink so he could wash his hands first, before carrying him into the room that would temporarily be his bedroom. Emily stored music equipment there, but had taken some of it back over to her parents house to clear space. The room was still a bit of a mess, but as he entered the room David was in there working on getting everything put away. He plugged a nightlight into the wall and then stood up to face Chris. "Looks like he's already asleep," David pointed out and Chris looked down. Thomas' head was lolling against his chest and he was limp in his arms. "Yep. He peed on me, and then laughed about it. I think your son might be kind of an evil genius you know," he chuckled and David smiled, stepping over to the two of them. "You mean our son," he pointed out, causing Chris' heart to do a strange sort of flutter low in his ribcage. "I like the sound of that." "Yeah well, me too. I uh… I can't imagine doing this with anybody else. You're a pro with him, and it's kind of incredible to watch you interact with him," David admitted shyly and Chris felt warmth creeping into his cheeks. "I've just had more practice than you. You'll be a pro before long too," he encouraged gently as he adjusted his grip on the sleeping boy ready to lower him into the bed. David pulled back the covers and Chris gently placed him down, locating his scruffy teddy bear and putting it next to him with his arm around it, letting David pull the blanket back over him and tuck him in while he watched. "I uh… I think I love you more than ever when I watch you with him," Chris admitted shyly and David looked up at him. He gently touched Thomas' face once more before leading Chris from the room by his hand out and switching off the main light behind them, quietly closing the door. "Come into the bathroom?" he asked and David looked confused but nodded and followed him obediently. Chris lifted him easily and sat him on the counter by the sink, then rummaged through the cupboard for something. He filled the sink with warm water and then showed David what he had in the small kit he'd removed from the cupboard. "I'm going fix your face, ok?" he explained, removing the old-school shaving kit. David said nothing, just watched him intently as he lathered up foam and applied it to his face. "This crap on your face can't be comfortable," he explained as he removed the extremely sharp straight-razor and flicked it open. "Uh no… it's itchy as hell," David admitted. Chris reached out with the razor and David caught him, gripping his wrist for a moment, their eyes meeting. Trust me. Let me take care of you. David let go of his wrist and sat extremely still on the counter as Chris stood between his legs. He carefully ran the razorblade over the sensitive skin, rinsing it off in the sink and working methodically until David's entire face was cleanly shaven and his legs had wound around the back of Chris' thighs. "All done," he smiled, handing him a small towel to wipe off his face with. He turned to look in the mirror and smiled faintly. "That does feel better, thanks." "Anytime. Listen, I'm not going to leave just because you won't sleep with me, ok? I'll wait for you to feel ready and completely sure about what you want. Yesterday was dumb, we shouldn't have let that happen, but you should have stopped me at the time if you were uncomfortable. You can always stop me, I promise I won't be mad," he assured and David looked down at the sink intently. Chris stepped forward and wrapped his arms around his bondmate from behind, resting his chin on his shoulder and meeting his eyes in the mirror. "I'm always going to be here for you. Hey, hey don't cry," Chris did his best to soothe the younger man as his eyes filled with tears that spilled over almost immediately. "I can't believe how badly I fucked up," David whispered, glaring at himself in the mirror. "What do you mean?" "I was so young and stupid and now I've fucked everything up for us. We were supposed to enjoy our lives before we had a kid, be young and do crazy things and travel, and go on a five year mission… and now we're going to end up stuck on Earth in some shitty desk job like Jim had to take and-"he hiccupped and stopped talking. Chris applied gentle pressure to his shoulders to encourage him to turn around. "Listen to me, because I'm only going to say this once. You did not fuck anything up. We had a plan, and plans change, so now we're going to make a new one. Our new plan is going to involve you, and me, and that beautiful little boy in there, the three of us as a family. We're going to learn how we do that together, and it's not going to be perfect, but it's going to be us and that alone is going to make it the most exciting adventure either of us will ever go on. We can still travel, we can still go on a five year mission if we really want… we've still got our whole lives, and I still want to spend the rest of mine with you, and I want to contribute to raising our son and if he grows up to be half the man his father is I'll consider myself to have done a damn good job," Chris said, not really sure where the words were coming from. His speech served to initially make David more upset, but he calmed down and Chris managed to talk him into going to bed. He collected his pillow and an extra blanket from the closet, kissing David on the forehead before heading downstairs to the couch. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Five days passed by quickly in a blur of broken sleep. They had both been having nightmares, David dreaming of the day three years ago when he'd held Chris in his arms as the life ebbed out of his body, and Chris dreaming of the pain and torment David had suffered at the hands of the Orions. Neither of them wanted to initiate the conversation about the dreams that they both knew they needed to have. Added to this, Thomas would not sleep in his own room no matter what they tried on the first and second night, and on the third night David woke at around two in the morning to find the small boy nestled in the bed beside him, snoring softly in Chris' usual spot. He had watched him sleeping for a while until tiredness took him and he fell back to sleep. The next two nights, Thomas went down in his own bed and always crept into him in the middle of the night. The morning of David's debriefing the alarm sounded and David grumbled until the clock understood his request and shut off the sound. He rolled over and dragged himself out of bed, wondering if Thomas had managed to stay the whole night in his own bed. He padded quietly down the hall to check on him, but found he wasn't in bed. Frowning, he decided to check downstairs. His frown turned into a smile as he turned the corner into the living room to find Thomas asleep on Chris on the couch. Thomas was facing inwards towards Chris with his face buried in his shoulder, his one arm draped across the part-Vulcan's chest. He crept back to their room to retrieve the camera they had taken with them to Bali and from his position in the doorway, snapped a few photos. With a pang in his chest he realised this was the first picture he had taken of his son and wondered if maybe Hughes had any baby photos of him lying around. Her funeral was tomorrow, and he was dreading it even more than he was dreading his debriefing. "Are you taking pictures of us sleeping?" Chris asked, voice low and scratchy from sleep. "Maybe," David confessed, caught red handed. "I've been sneaking pictures of him since he got here, he's too adorable," Chris sighed, hugging the boy close and then gently rubbing his back to wake him up. He let out a high pitched whine and buried his face into Chris' chest, grabbing for the blanket and wrapping himself more tightly around Chris as he tried to get away. "How did you get him to come down here?" David asked and Chris looked up at him from the couch with tired eyes. "I may have bribed him with a cookie before bed if he promised not to wake you up all night and if he woke up and needed somebody he could come down here to me," he admitted, scratching his head and sending his caramel hair into even more of a mess than it already was. "I uh… thank you. I feel better after a whole night's sleep," David admitted, sounding a little guilty at having disturbed Chris, especially with his current sleeping arrangement on the couch. "Come on little man, you've got a whole day hanging out with Aunt Jo and Uncle Quinn," Chris encouraged and Thomas whined again. "Maybe he doesn't like Joanna, can sense her fear of him," David sniggered, trying to prise the young boy off Christopher and getting nowhere as he latched on with both his arms and his legs around Chris' torso. "I think the person most scared of him is Leo. He's been avoiding him like the plague." "Leo's weird about kids because of what happened… with him and Emily," David pointed out and Chris looked solemn for a moment. "I guess that would do it. Anyway, come on Thomas let's get you some breakfast while David takes a shower?" he offered and Thomas shook his head, still clinging to Chris' warm chest stubbornly. "Well, he's already prepared for life as an adult – he hates Mondays!" Chris called after David's retreating back as he headed for the bathroom. As he washed he just let the last few days all run through his mind. He'd filed for the permanent custody of his son from Starfleet, and had been informed that any day now Thomas would be returned to their care while a review was carried out into the living arrangements provided for the child. He'd included Chris' name on the forms, and as a result Chris had been contacted and informed he would have to pass a drugs test due to his very public addiction struggles. David had been hesitant but Chris agreed instantly, and had reported for it that very afternoon. The results hadn't come back yet, and David couldn't really explain the sense of dread he felt about when they may come back. He knew Chris was clean, he trusted him, but after the last few weeks the last thing he needed was anything else going wrong. He wasn't ready for today, to face whatever Admiral would be holding the debriefing. He knew his mother had requested to be there as a witness, he didn't know if her request had been granted. Chris would be there, but he could only watch from the public area, he couldn't sit beside him while he answered questions about what had happened out there. He dried off and pulled on his dress uniform, finding it a little baggier than he was used to. He hadn't been eating the best since Thomas had shown up, instead spending long hours deep in thought and worrying about his failures as a person. He'd come to the conclusion that Hughes must have hated him so much she had deliberately kept Thomas away from him, it was the only explanation that made sense in his mind. Walking numbly into the kitchen, he crossed paths with Emily who was rushing out of the house with a guitar case on her back. "Anything exciting going on today?" he asked her. "You have no idea," she beamed, pausing to re-apply her red lipstick in the mirror by the door as she hurried out. "Oh, and good luck today," she said, reappearing around the corner of the kitchen and placing a kiss on his cheek that he wiped off theatrically. Chris was almost done encouraging Thomas to eat his breakfast of fruit and cereal. David swapped places with him so he could go and get ready, and did his best to keep his uniform clean. "Do you want to play blocks?" David asked and Thomas shook his head. "Where's Mom?" he asked inquisitively, tilting his head to one side and looking up at his father. "She's not here today, you've got me now, me and Chris," he said gently. He had no idea how to explain to a two year old that his mother was never coming back. He was saved from further questioning by Joanna arriving right on time. "Quinn has the flu or something similar, so it's just me today," she explained as she entered the house alone. "Oh, that sucks." "Yep. He's just going to sleep it off I think," she continued as she pulled off her coat and shoes. "Anjo?" Thomas asked and she grinned. He hadn't quite grasped calling her 'aunt Jo' and the words had merged. "There's my favourite little nephew! Come give me a hug!" she encouraged, crouching down to Thomas' height and beaming as he wrapped his arms around her tightly. "How does everyone get the hang of this so easily except for me?" David sighed. "Well, I need practice. Me and Quinn are officially trying for a baby now before he gets shipped out on some outrageously long mission, don't tell Dad," she warned and David smirked. "He can't give you any shit for having a kid before you're married, Emily and I were both born before he married Mom," David pointed out and Joanna shrugged. "True. I never thought to use that one against him," she said, setting the heavy toddler back down on his feet. "David?" Thomas asked curiously. "Yeah?" "What's shit mean?" he asked, repeating the word he'd just let slip when talking to Joanna. She smirked and he bit back a sigh, pinching the bridge of his nose. "It's a bad word I shouldn't have said, it's not a nice thing to say," he tried to explain and Thomas grinned running towards the stairs. "Shit shit shit shit!" he squealed as he clambered up the stairs as quickly as possible, David in pursuit. "Uh oh, did somebody learn a new word?" Chris asked from the top of the stairs, emerging from the bedroom in his own dress uniform, looking incredibly well presented and handsome. "Shit!" Thomas grinned and Chris stifled a laugh as he picked him up and returned him to the bottom of the stairs. "That's a bad word Thomas, it's a bad word only for grown-ups, it's not nice. Please don't say it anymore, ok?" he offered seriously and Thomas squirmed. "Promise me?" Chris offered, extending his hand towards the small boy. "Ok Chris promise!" he agreed gleefully, shaking his hand. "Hey, secret handshake?" Chris offered and Thomas laughed in delight, shaking his hand before giving him a high-five, and then a fist-bump. "You guys have a secret handshake now huh?" David asked, trying and failing to keep the jealousy out of his voice. "Thomas asked me if he could teach you and I told him yes, so you guys can work on that tonight. See you later little man," Chris said, ruffling Thomas' hair and kissing the top of his head. Joanna assured them she would be fine caring for him, and they left the house without further delay, wanting to arrive early. They barely spoke as they made their way to the Academy buildings, nor as they walked what felt like a long way to the room where the debriefing was being held. David could feel himself sweating nervously and was grateful for Chris' solid and reassuring presence beside him and inside his mind. "I'm going to be right over here. If you need me, you know where I am," Chris reassured, his voice sounding very far away even as he stood just in front of David who just looked at him blankly as he was ushered away to take his seat one side of the table. He could see Chris from where he was sitting in the very front row of the public viewing area. A few minutes later his mother arrived in her full dress uniform, taking the seat beside Chris and giving him a small but reassuring smile. He did his best to force a similar expression onto his own face, certain that he'd failed. Mercifully, the debrief hadn't been assigned to Admiral Mitchell, that had been David's biggest concern. Admiral Peris was known to be stern but fair, and she was leading the inquiry, a Commodore he did not recognise as her assistant. "You can relax, Ensign, you are not on trial or in any trouble. We need to debrief following your mission and then take details regarding your capture and imprisonment, we are not here to punish you, only to listen to what you may have to say," she assured in her gravelly tone. All David could look at was Chris. He fought to concentrate on what the Admiral was saying, but he kept zoning out. He managed to make it through discussing the mission and retain his composure the entire time. "At this stage I would request that everyone in the public gallery vacate the room?" she asked, turning around to look at the few people sitting in the seats. Some of them moved immediately, David caught sight of two of his crew-mates from the mission and felt gratitude towards them for them coming at all. He also caught sight of a photographer and felt sick at the thought his face would probably be plastered in the press the next morning no doubt with some patchy article detailing the missions failings and how several cadets ended up dead. "Admiral – if I may, why does everyone have to leave?" David piped up shakily. "I wished to grant you privacy when discussing your time aboard the Orion ship. As I have been able to view your medical records, I felt this was something you would welcome," she offered pointedly. "I-… yes… I…" he stammered uselessly, cheeks burning hot and red in embarrassment. She already knows. He couldn't do this. He couldn't talk about it. Answer questions about it with a senior Admiral. David? You can do this, ok? I know you can. Just be strong, tell her what she needs to know Chris assured through their bond, dark eyes focused on him intently. He watched helplessly as his mother and Chris rose to their feet slowly, obviously reluctant about leaving. "Can… Can Kirk stay? Please?" David finally blurted out, when Chris's retreating back was almost through the door and Peris gave a single nod. "Cadet Kirk, if you would? And close the door please?" she called out and Chris stopped in his tracks, letting Carol out as the last person to leave before closing the door and walking back over. "You may sit with Ensign McCoy, if you wish," she offered and Chris nodded, fetching himself an additional chair before sitting down beside David. "I understand this is going to be a difficult conversation son, but we need to know everything that you can remember, from the beginning if you can right up until you woke up in sickbay. Can you do that? If you need to stop and take a break at any time, we can do that," Peris asked kindly and David nodded, buoyed slightly by Chris' shoulder pressed against his own. "From the beginning, if you please," Peris requested. David was acutely aware of his every word being documented. He swallowed dryly and began to speak, knowing this was the first time Chris would hear most of this too and dreading him wanting to ask further questions later. "It was a normal day, same as the rest of the mission. We were pretty bored, trying to amuse ourselves. Lieutenant Hughes had the bridge and I was off duty at the time of the attack." David continued speaking. He remained professional and explained thoroughly the events following the Orions ambushing the ship. His account grew patchy when he reached being on board the ship. "How long were you kept in the first room with Lieutenant Hughes?" Peris asked and David shook his head. "I don't know ma'am. I had no concept of time. It may have been a day or two based purely on how hungry and thirsty we got before they sent someone to talk to us. Hughes had become unwell, I'm not sure what was wrong, but I went in her place to speak to the Captain." "This Captain of theirs then assaulted you, is that correct?" she asked and David looked at the table. "He tried to. I remember a struggle. I remember all I would say to him… name, rank, serial number, but he wasn't interested in questioning me about anything. I tried to fight him but he was so strong. He pinned me to the wall and lifted up my leg and just… twisted, until it gave way. I don't remember much after that. Somebody helped me… somebody was there who tried to help me. It might have been Hughes, it might have been a man, I don't remember," David answered shakily. He was aware of Chris growing tense beside him as the story reached the inevitable conclusion he was dreading having to verbalise. "Ensign McCoy, I'm sorry to have to ask you this, but your medical file states that you were sexually assaulted during your time on the Orion ship. Is this true?" she asked and David nodded. "Yes Admiral," he forced out. "Do you have any recollection of the attack? Anything that may help us identify the individual responsible?" she asked. David swallowed around the huge lump in his throat, sweat beading on the back of his neck and his stomach churning horribly. "I… I do have some recollection," he admitted shakily. He could feel Chris' eyes on his now as he started to hyperventilate. "Hey, breathe," he urged quietly from beside him. He reached across and took David's trembling, sweaty hand from where it was resting on the table in one of his own, the other rubbing his back soothingly. "You're safe, you're ok. They just need to catch the guy. Anything you remember might help," Chris encouraged and David choked out a sob, tears spilling over. He could feel Peris looking at him and felt a fresh wave of shame rise up. "Admiral, I apologise for-" "Silence," she said sternly and David stopped immediately. "I will not listen to you apologise for anything. You handled yourself with exemplary conduct under extreme duress, and you do not have to apologise for becoming emotional when discussing an extremely difficult and sensitive subject. Believe me, I want to ask for the story about as much as you want to tell it," she grimaced and David nodded, composing himself a little. He gripped Chris' hand tightly and met his dark eyes for just a few seconds before taking a deep breath. "He was a big guy, the Captain of the ship. From what I heard around I think his name was Raato. He… h-he overpowered me in one of the rooms where he stored his personal slaves. He pinned me to… I don't know, the floor, maybe a bed. I don't remember. I… he…" David stopped talking and looked at Chris again. Chris looked like listening to this was causing him physical pain, but he nodded, silently asking David to continue. "My leg that was dislocated I couldn't use… it was just… there. I was on my back and he pinned my other leg up against my chest and I think he… he was touching my face. I remember his face, his eyes. He was just… he looked insane. And then he… he was saying all these things, telling me things h-he was going to do to me," David took a shaky breath and Peris nodded once. Don't make me say more, please don't make me describe it David thought desperately, face burning red with embarrassment, unwilling to look at Chris beside him. "That's when he assaulted you?" Peris asked. David was grateful for her choice of words, for her not going into any more graphic detail. "Y-yes Admiral," David confirmed shakily for the record. "I was trying to fight him and I couldn't properly, I was just pinned there and I… I remember… it… it hurt… and I was trying to go far away inside my mind, I was just yelling and yelling and then somebody pushed him away. The next thing I remember after that is being in sickbay. But I understand I'd been a cause of trouble so they bolted me to the floor by the ankle. Chris had to cut me free," he finished shakily, tears shining on his face. Chris was pale and shaken looking, but still squeezing his hand supportively. Peris was silent for a few seconds before she spoke again, but this time not to them. "May the record show that Ensign David McCoy cooperated fully with this inquiry, and we find that he displayed behaviour under extreme stress that can only be classed as exemplary. May the record also show that Ensign McCoy acted bravely and selflessly in attempts to defend an injured crewmate, and put himself in mortal danger in her stead, sustaining a serious assault in the process. This case will be classified under the reference number-" David zoned out again, Peris words ringing in his ears but not really hearing them. "Due to the nature of the assault, the case will remain classified and its record will not be publicly available, the same will apply to your medical file. This concludes our hearing today," Peris finished, and the Commodore beside her who David still couldn't name, stopped the recording and promptly left the room, leaving Peris sitting opposite them surveying them silently. David was suddenly hyper-aware of Chris' hand on his own, and his other hand still on his shoulder as a solid, anchoring weight. "I have known both of your parents for some years. In fact, I met you both on several occasions when you were young boys," she said in her deep voice. Neither of them were quite sure how to respond. "You take good care of him Kirk, though I can already see that you do," she said, rising from the table. They both hurried to stand to attention and she chuckled. "At ease gentlemen. Cadet Kirk, would you do me a favour?" she asked and Chris nodded. "Would you please ensure that Ensign McCoy eats a sizeable lunch? His dress-uniform could be his fathers," she said dryly before turning to leave the room. David tugged at his too-large uniform and Chris let out the breath he didn't realise he was holding. "Oh and Kirk? One more thing. Your hearing next week is cancelled, I was able to explain to my fellow admirals why it made no sense to seek to punish you for your actions. I expect to see you achieving great things in the New Year, pending the results of your finals," she said and Chris nodded, the two of them watching her leave, the door sliding closed behind her. "Admirals orders, I'm buying you lunch," Chris said quickly, dragging David by the hand from the room. An hour later found them hidden in a booth at the back of a tiny Italian restaurant Chris knew the owner of somehow, both of their formal jackets discarded and a bottle of red wine sitting open on the table between them, David already a glass and a half down. Chris stole a few sips from his glass, but did not pour one of his own. He let David lead the conversation until the moment was right and he spoke up. "I uh… I didn't realise you remembered as much as you do." "Chris can we… can we not?" David asked, sounding very fragile. Chris slowly extended his hand across the table and picked up David's slightly smaller one, meeting his eyes. "Of course." *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Christmas was approaching rapidly, and Thomas had been taken back into the protective custody of Starfleet, much to the dismay of Chris and David who were finding the house entirely too quiet with him running around. "They're going to let him live with us, don't worry," Chris reassured one evening when he found David clutching one of Thomas' tiny socks in his hand in the bedroom the small boy had been using. "I want him to. I never thought… I didn't think I was someone who gets attached so quickly," he admitted sheepishly. "Well, he's got a way of stealing hearts I think, not unlike his father," Chris smirked and David rolled his eyes. "That was terrible." "Aww. Don't I get something, for effort?" Chris pouted and David chuckled, getting up off the edge of the bed and kissing his bondmate on the cheek. After ten days on the couch David had invited Chris back to their room earlier that day. He'd only been in there to fetch clothes or anything else he needed, but this time David had invited him to sit on the bed and stay and hangout. He hadn't missed the way Chris' eyes had lit up though his expression had remained neutral. "Did Natalie contact you at all today?" David asked and Chris gave a sad smile confirming he hadn't heard from their assigned social worker. David sighed. "Why is this taking so long?! I just want him here. Will he even remember me when he comes back? I mean, it's been five days, that's a long time to a little kid." "Natalie is busy – she said it herself when we first met with her, this time of year is crazy to be a social worker, she's got a lot of cases going on right now. I know she'll come through in time for Christmas. Our case is more complicated because of… my history. But everything has come back to prove that I'm clean and she was getting character references the last time I spoke to her, I told you everything we talked about already, you need to just relax. And of course he's going to remember you, I think he knows who you are, he's a smart kid, I think he's figured it out," Chris smiled and David pinched the bridge of his nose. "Hey, no, stop doing the stressed-nose-grab thing, you're turning into your dad. Let's go watch bad movies and fall asleep, ok?" Chris pried his hand away from his face and led him back to their own bedroom. "Do you have to go in and talk to them again? I was so nervous," David admitted. A few days prior Chris had attended a lengthy meeting with Starfleet family services and David had been a nervous wreck, only relieved when Chris returned home seeming very upbeat. "No more meetings until they call us with a decision, and Natalie was very hopeful things are going to go our way and in time for Christmas too, you need to relax," Chris said and David bit his tongue to avoid lashing out and telling him to stop telling him to relax. "I heard that," Chris smirked, having sensed the thought through their bond anyway. David stuck out his tongue petulantly. They curled up together in bed, only half watching the movie that was on in the background. "Is this ok? I can go and sleep in Thomas' room?" Chris offered and David shifted closer to him, wrapping one arm around his chest somewhat awkwardly. "Stay," he said softly and Chris nodded, leaning back to give David a gentle kiss on the cheek. David fell asleep first and Chris shut off the movie before closing his own eyes, feeling much more comfortable back in the bed where he felt he belonged. In the morning a message popped up on David's PADD while he was taking a shower, and three hours later found the two of them nervously arriving at Starfleet family services together, hand in hand and wrapped in coats. They had a tense wait in the reception area before they were called in and sat in the two chairs facing their social workers desk. Natalie bustled into the room a few minutes later with a folder full of paperwork tucked under her arm and a garish Christmas sweater clashing horribly with the bright pink of her hair. "Hey guys, sorry to keep you. How have you been?" she asked and Chris looked to David to answer. "Nervous," he admitted and she nodded sympathetically. "I can imagine, I'm sorry this has been stressful for you guys, I know it must have been tough letting him come back to us while we finished all our investigations," She explained, barely pausing before she continued. "So they have made a decision, it went through this morning and I called as soon as I heard. They've decided that they're going to let Thomas come and live with you guys full time," she rushed out and David's smile could have lit up the room, he turned to Chris and they just grinned at each other stupidly, hands gripping so tightly it almost hurt. "There are a couple of conditions. Chris, we're going to need you to pass a random drugs screening whenever we decide to spring one on you, is that ok?" "Natalie, I will pee in a cup for you whenever you like," Chris grinned, feeling a little giddy from the sheer joy he was feeling. "Lovely. And David, if you are ever caught DUI again, you'll lose custody, no second chances on that, do you understand?" she asked and David nodded. "I was young and really stupid, and I've never done it apart from that one night," he said seriously and she nodded again. "We're also going to need Thomas to come in and keep seeing his regular doctor here for check-ups and any vaccinations, and we're going to conduct a home visit once a month for the first six months, and you'll get a minimum twenty-four hours' notice of these visits," she explained, but neither of them was really listening. "So you guys can come collect him right now if you like? He's in the play centre," she said, getting to her feet. David and Chris practically jumped out of their chairs to follow her. They followed her through the building, chatting excitedly until they reached a door that she opened with her access card. The room was full of children all around Thomas' age of all different species. Upon noticing the door open a lot of them looked around, and David crouched down as his son ran towards him at full speed, diving into his arms and hugging him tightly. David lifted him up and held him close. "Can we play blocks?" Thomas asked innocently without as much as a hello. "Every day," David promised with a laugh, Chris stepping forward and hugging them both. Thomas grabbed his ear, then his own ear, in imitation of how they had first made friends those few short weeks ago at the house. "You guys have four days to organise Christmas, go, what are you still doing here!?" Natalie asked. They completed their required paperwork before bidding her farewell, but not before she insisted on taking a picture of the three of them in front of the Christmas tree near her office, explaining she liked to keep a photo of the families she helped keep together or reunite. The three of them willingly obliged, Chris sneakily asking to be sent a copy of the image, before they headed home with Thomas safely in his new car seat in the back of the car. "Did you know Santa is coming?" he asked excitedly and Chris stole a sideways glance at David, committing this particular elated grin to memory. "He sure is! Have you been a good boy this year? Is he going to bring you presents?" David asked and Thomas nodded eagerly. I'll go shopping later while you guys get some quality time, Chris promised through their bond, David reaching across and giving his thigh a grateful squeeze. Thomas settled perfectly back into the house, having no trouble remembering anything at all, particularly his habit of climbing into David's bed, though now he settled in between David and Chris. On Christmas eve Thomas was an excitable, hyperactive bundle of energy. Bones and Carol had come over, and Chris had even persuaded Spock to come over too. "Even by the standards of human children, Thomas' behaviour is most illogical," Spock deadpanned as they watched Thomas smashing the block tower he'd just spent nearly half an hour building, great joy on his face at the destruction he had caused. "But he's so awesome," David grinned, bounding over and picking Thomas up, then turning him upside down so he squealed and laughed as he struggled and tried to turn himself the right way. He set him down and started to tickle him, the toddler laughing so hard it seemed he could barely breathe. "Stop it! He'll pee his pants," Chris warned and David ceased the tickling. "Easy to see who's the disciplinarian of you two then," Bones commented lightly, sipping from a tumbler of golden liquid. "Chris is definitely the boss. I'm just in charge of the easy stuff like playtime," David grinned and Chris rolled his eyes. "You're totally whipped," Emily taunted of Chris who shrugged. "Yeah, I guess a little," he admitted with a smile. "Thomas, do you know what time it is? It's time to talk to Santa to make sure he's coming to leave you some presents under the tree! He's calling you right now!" Carol hurried into the room with a ringing communicator in her hand. Thomas leaped up and ran over to her, taking the communicator and clumsily opening it and holding it up. "Hello Santa?" he asked and David and Chris smirked as a familiar voice answered. How Carol had got Leo to agree Chris would never know, but the voice he was putting on was great. Hello! Is this Thomas? "It's me!" Thomas replied excitedly. Ho ho ho hello! Now, have you been a good boy this year Thomas? I'm about to get on my sleigh from the North pole, and I need to know if I'm bringing presents to your house. What do you say? "I'm a very very good boy! Everyone is a good boy in the house," he tried to explain, practically shaking with excitement. You're right! I've checked my list and it says you were a good boy this year, so I'll leave you some presents under the tree. Can you look and see if there's anything there now? Chris didn't miss the fond smile on Bones' face as he watched his grandson sprint over to the Christmas tree in the corner of the room and crawl under it, emerging with pine-needles in his hair. "Nothing under the tree Santa, are you coming soon? Can I see you?" he asked, almost dropping the communicator in his excitement. I can't come to your house until you go to sleep. Can you do that for me? And could you leave me some milk and cookies for a snack? And a carrot for my reindeer? "Ok Santa! Chris get cookies and milk and carrots!" he ordered and everyone laughed. "Me?!" Chris said mock-indignantly. Leo/Santa gave a hearty chuckle down the comm before bidding the young boy goodnight. Thomas closed the comm with a look of total wonder on his face. "Everybody go to bed NOW!" he shouted, running into the kitchen, David jumping up to chase after him. Leo reappeared a few moments later tucking his communicator in his pocket and grinning. "He's getting the milk and cookies for Santa ready," Chris explained as he saw Leo glancing around looking for Thomas in the quite crowded living room. "Ah, cool. He like it?" he asked uncertainly and Chris nodded. "He loved it. Thanks. My Santa voice isn't nearly as convincing." "When you were very young Jim convinced Mr Scott to dress as Santa at Christmas time and visit the children aboard the ship. Seren did not ever fall for his disguise, but you were fooled until the age of four," Spock explained to Chris who grinned. "I probably noticed his accent." "I believe that was what eventually gave away his true identity. You also saw fit to forcibly remove his fake beard," Spock continued with a tiny smirk on his face. "Man I should apologise to Scotty sometime," Chris laughed, watching with a warm feeling in his chest as David and Thomas reappeared from the kitchen, a small plate with a few cookies on it, a carrot, and a glass of milk carried between the two of them carefully. He watched David help his son carefully place the items on the windowsill near to the tree, lifting him up so he could reach before holding him close and closing his eyes for a second, looking directly at Chris when he reopened them. "We'd better head out so that Thomas can get to sleep, don't want to keep Santa waiting," Carol hinted, herself and Bones gathering up their coats and leaving. "David I put the car in the garage for you," Bones said cryptically and Chris gave the two of them a confused look. He moved all of Thomas' presents from his car into your car David explained to Chris through the bond. They'd hidden all the boxes at Bones and Carol's house seeing as Thomas was less likely to find them there. Bones and Carol left, and Emily and Leo retreated upstairs to their room, just leaving Spock who was putting on his coat and warm hat and gloves in the hallway, Chris, David and Thomas waiting to see him out. "I do not wish to cause upset, but there is something I feel I must give you. Jim… Jim felt it important that he leave gifts for his Grandchildren in the event he did not meet them. As Thomas is Jim's first grandson, I brought a gift from the house that he left in my possession, I felt Thomas should have it," he explained, a tiny tremor of emotion in his voice that if you didn't know him would have been hard to detect but to Chris it was plainly obvious. He removed a square, flat, wrapped item from the inside pocket of his coat, a note in Jim's handwriting taped to the front of it, with a clear instruction in block capitols. TO BE OPENED ON DECEMBER 24TH Chris nodded and Spock handed the parcel to Thomas who eagerly accepted it. "This is a gift from your grandfather Jim," Spock explained. "Jim?" Thomas repeated, looking at the parcel curiously. "I believe it may be a bedtime story, one that perhaps Christopher and David may read you before bed tonight," he said, giving a meaningful glance to his son. "What do you say Thomas? Shall we get our PJ's on and read a bedtime story together?" Chris asked, trying to keep the emotion out of his voice. He could feel himself welling up at seeing Jim's handwriting and the thoughtfulness of the gesture Jim had left behind. They bid Spock goodnight, got themselves and Thomas ready for bed, and all three of them curled up in Thomas' small bed, the small boy in the middle with the mysterious item from Jim clutched in his hands. "We're going to read the letter first, OK?" Chris took the piece of paper attached to the small parcel off and unfolded it before reading aloud. "Hi kiddo, Merry Christmas from your old Grandpa Jim. Sorry I'm not there, I had to help Santa with some top-secret business up in the sky. Be good for your parents – and know that they and I love you more than you'll ever know," Chris read, fighting not to get choked up. He caught David subtly wiping away a tear out of the corner of his eye and he distracted Thomas, who hadn't been very interested in the note at all, with opening the item contained in the brightly coloured paper. "It's a special Christmas bedtime story," David explained as a battered old copy of 'The Night Before Christmas' tumbled out onto the sheets. Thomas looked at it carefully before thrusting it into David's hands so he could read it, looking up at him expectantly. He opened the first page and cleared his throat. After reading the first page he handed the book across to Chris who read the next one, pointing out the pictures to Thomas as he read. They handed the book back and fore, reading a few lines each until they got to the end. "You ready to go to sleep now?" David asked and Thomas nodded eagerly. "Can I have light?" he asked as Chris and David both clambered out of the bed, tucking him in as they did. "Course you can," Chris leant down and flicked on the nightlight plugged into the opposite wall. "See you in the morning and we'll see what Santa has brought for you," David promised, kissing his son on the head and giving him a hug. "Goodnight," Chris smiled, doing the same and feeling a huge tug of emotion as he picked up the book they'd been reading and the handwritten note to take and put away. They left the room and turned off the main light, closing the door behind them. "Is that-" "The copy Jim read us as kids? Yeah, it is, I recognise the cover. I remember when we got old enough that we started rejecting him reading this to us on Christmas eve. I think Leo and I were about twelve and he yelled it at us through our bedroom door, the whole poem. That was the last time," he said sadly. "Nice of him to leave it, especially the note, caught me off guard a little," David said as they settled in bed in their room. They waited a while until they went back to check if Thomas was sleeping, once they were sure he was out they tiptoed downstairs and quietly brought in all the boxes from Chris' car, carefully positioning them all under the tree. Leo appeared when they were almost done with a few small, neatly wrapped boxes that he added to the healthy-sized pile of brightly coloured gifts now beneath the tree. He disappeared for a moment and then returned again with a larger box, the tag bearing Thomas' name. "That better not be noisy or messy or so help me," David threatened weakly and Leo looked guilty. "Emily picked it, I accept no responsibility," he smirked, taking one of the cookies for Santa and eating it, then picking up the second one and biting it but placing the other half back on the plate. Chris took a bite out of the carrot and David drank most of the glass of milk. Leo left them to it and they finished setting up the room, heading back up to bed once they were happy everything was in place and ready for the morning. "He's going to freak out when he sees all of this," David grinned. "I know. It's going to be awesome." "You're so good with him," David sighed, a flood of warmth and affection filling their bond. "You're getting so much better now, you don't look at him like you're scared of him anymore," Chris encouraged and David chuckled. "I'm still terrified of him, I've just got better at hiding it. He's a good kid," David smiled fondly, the conversation pausing as they turned off all the lights and snuck back to their bedroom silently, closing the door as quietly as possible. "He's a really good kid. I'm so lucky to have you guys, and I'm really looking forward to tomorrow," Chris smiled as they crawled into bed together, settling under the blankets with Chris as the small spoon. "You know when I found out about him I was really worried you were going to be mad or find it hard to accept him, but you've accepted him like he's your own and it makes me love you even more," David mumbled against the back of his neck. "Course I have. He's yours so he's basically mine. One day though I want another one, one that's a little piece of both of us," Chris admitted and David kissed the back of his neck, his stubble scratching at the sensitive skin there and making him shiver slightly. "I'd like that," David murmured, his hand moving to rest low on Chris' stomach. "Stop imagining me pregnant, it's weird," Chris protested with a laugh and David chuckled. "I think you'd be sexy pregnant," he defended and Chris scoffed. "I'll flip a coin with you over who gets to do the honours, but I still don't think Seren would let me, she said it would be dangerous with my body being the way it is." "I'll do it, I'll be happy to, once we're ready," David offered immediately and Chris turned enough so that he could kiss him. "I love you so much," he mumbled against his lips between kisses, David shifting his body closer and kissing him with more heat, his hand now resting on his hipbone and tantalisingly close to Chris' crotch. They kissed lazily and slowly, but with a steady heat building. Chris' breath hitched as David pressed tightly against him, erection pressing against his lower back. A noise caught both of their attention and they parted for a second, both listening intently in case it was Thomas out of bed creeping around. As the noise came again they both groaned and David buried his face into the pillow. "God damn why do we have the room that shares a wall with theirs?" he whispered and Chris giggled. "I agree it was a terrible idea. I'm going to be mentally scarred," he mumbled back. "Sounds like she's having fun though, right?" Chris taunted and David gave him a playful shove as another muffled moan carried through the wall from Emily and Leo's bedroom. "Shut up, that's my sister. Disgusting," David scowled, grimacing as if he'd just bitten into a lemon. Chris giggled and rolled onto his back as David rolled away from him. "Want to go hangout downstairs for a while?" Chris offered and David nodded. The two of them crept downstairs and into the lounge, closing the door behind them. "I need a drink," David sighed, looking traumatised. "That can be arranged." David settled into the couch and Chris headed for the kitchen, returning a moment later with a bottle of bourbon and two tumblers. "You sure you're alright with that?" David asked and Chris smiled. "I'm good," he reassured, pouring them both a generous measure. "To irresponsible behaviour?" David suggested weakly, raising his glass. Chris chuckled. "To me being the luckiest guy in the world?" Chris countered and David rolled his eyes. "I mean it you know," Chris insisted, a small smile playing around his eyes. "You're a big sap," David tried to shrug him off, feeling a little embarrassed. "OK, well how about we go for… to family?" Chris offered and David smiled shyly. "I like it," he agreed, touching his glass to Chris' and then taking a sip of the golden-brown liquid. "Ick – that doesn't taste how I remember it," Chris grimaced and David laughed. They sat in comfortable silence, holding hands and exchanging light touches, sipping from their glasses until they were both done and decided the coast was probably clear to sneak back upstairs to try and get some sleep. Tiptoeing into their room they found their bed was no longer empty, Thomas sprawled out in the middle, fast asleep on his back. They carefully got into bed on either side of him, being very careful not to wake him up as they did so. "I love you desperately, you know that right?" Chris mumbled, catching David off guard as he tried to settle into sleep. "I do, but feel free to remind me any time you like," he mumbled back, smiling into the kiss Chris leant across to place on his lips. "We'd better get some sleep, I have a feeling we're going to need it for tomorrow." "Yeah, I think you're probably right," David smiled, linking his hand with Christopher's across the small boy sleeping between them who had already stolen both of their hearts in the space of a few short weeks. *~*~*~*~*~*BREAK*~*~*~*~*~*~* That's by far the single longest chapter I've ever written, and I hope you enjoyed! I just wanted to point out that I obviously know Starfleet would hardly just hand over a kid to somebody in the space of about a week. I mean, I figure in the future that processes will likely become more streamlined, and I'll admit I played off the fact Hughes had no family and David was the biological father a little bit here to make things easier, but I know it was all kinda fast. I didn't want to take the storyline too much away and drag them through months of visits and court hearings and the like. Also, being as it's Christmas i'm going to use this opportunity to beg for reviews. They seriously do make my day, please leave me something?
A/N I think the chapters of this just get longer and longer! Apologies, this one is super dialogue heavy and again touches on some sensitive issues. Maybe it feels like a filler except it isn't a filler because its sewing the seeds of the final plot that's going to tie all these threads together! It's also completely devoid of Jim, and there isn't really any Spock either, BUT I PROMISE IT IS COMING (probably like summer 2037 the speed that I write at these days :'D... but it is coming!) So yeah, please accept a huge pile of cute fluffiness from me. Leave me a review if you feel that way inclined, they do mean a lot to me. I would absolutely love to hear your thoughts on what you suspect is all going on :) Oh and also if anybody just want to chat Star Trek then hit me up with a PM :) *Note that there are lyrics in this chapter, they belong to a band called Tonight Alive and they just fit what I needed Emily to have written. I don't claim any ownership of them, and I totally suggest you check out the song they belong to. Chapter Thirty-Eight David woke to a small hand grabbing his face. "Mmm, Thomas, how many times do I need to tell you that grabbing someone's face isn't a nice way to wake them up?" he asked without opening his eyes. Thomas giggled loudly and close to his ear. "Chris told me to!" "I did not!" Chris protested with a laugh. David opened his eyes to find Chris wide awake and sat up, Thomas sat between them and obviously extremely excited. "It's 5am, and I don't think we're getting any more sleep," Chris explained and David groaned, pulling the covers over his head and hiding until Thomas burrowed his way under next to him. "Did Santa bring presents for you and for me and for Chris?" he asked, tripping over his words a little, wide-eyed and grinning. David forced himself into a sitting position and plastered a smile on his face through his tiredness. "I'm sure he did. How about we get a little more sleep and then we'll go see?" he attempted and Chris chuckled. "I've been trying that one for almost half an hour already. He's up now. That's it. But I do have one thing we need to do before we go downstairs. Thomas, did you check your room? Did Santa leave anything in there?" Chris asked and Thomas shook his head, leaping off the bed and running towards his room. "What did you put in-" David began, getting cut off by a loud excited squeal and then rapidly approaching small footsteps, the young boy reappearing carrying a bright red Christmas stocking emblazoned with his name. "What's that you've got there?" David asked, grinning at the expression of pure joy and excitement on his sons face. "From Santa!" Thomas exclaimed, jumping up and down. What did you get him? Chris just winked in response as Thomas opened the stocking and tipped it out onto their bedroom floor. Small items wrapped in brightly coloured paper scattered across the floor and he hurried to gather everything up before beginning to rip into things. "Jim used to give us these, when we were little. Obviously without the chocolate coins, but the rest is pretty much what he'd give us," Chris explained quietly as Thomas opened all his Christmas candy from his stocking. He finally discovered a small red envelope at the bottom and held it up to David to open. He carefully opened it and pulled out a crisp old-style dollar bill. "Oh wow, Thomas do you know what this is?" he asked, handing it to him. He shook his head and looked to David to explain. "Before we had credits as money, people used to use dollars. This is a very old dollar, more than a hundred years old. They're very special if you keep them and collect them," he explained carefully, watching Thomas' face light up. "Special dollar?" he asked and David nodded. "Can you keep it safe for me?" he asked and both Chris and David laughed out loud. "Sure thing little man, I'll keep it safe for you," David promised, taking it and setting it carefully on the nightstand. "What do you say to Santa for all your sweets?" "Thank you Santa! Wait… why didn't Santa bring you sweets?" he asked, frowning. Before either of them could make up an excuse Thomas picked up one item each from his small pile of goodies and handed them one each. "Thank you," Chris grinned, accepting the old-style jelly beans and watching fondly as David was handed a generous double handful of chocolate coins. "Downstairs now?" Thomas asked eagerly and they relented, allowing him to descend the stairs, following close behind. Thomas barely even paused in the doorway, sprinting flat out at the Christmas tree in the corner and jumping up and down in excitement. "LOOK AT HOW MANY PRESENTS!" he squealed at maximum volume and David and Chris just laughed. "Nice wake up call for Leo and Emily there," David smirked as Chris found Thomas a parcel with his name on to get started. Thomas' energy seemed to be endless as he ripped through every single item under the tree for him, and even helped Chris and David open their own presents, though he was entirely disinterested in what was in them and only wanted to help with ripping off the brightly coloured paper. "More presents?" Thomas asked curiously as he caught David yawning widely. He laughed and scooped up the small boy, holding him close. "No more presents buddy, I think you got them all!" "But I can see more!" he protested, reaching out towards the tree. "Those are Emily and Leo's presents, you can't open those," he explained and Thomas looked sad. "Hey, how about if we actually open up some of this stuff and play with it?" Chris offered, and Thomas seemed to accept, supervising Chris in opening up a box while David snuck off to the kitchen to put coffee on. When he returned Thomas was eagerly building a train track around the living room under Chris' supervision. He handed him a mug of black coffee and received a grateful kiss on the cheek in return. "Eewww," giggled Thomas and they both smirked. "What's eww huh?" David asked and Thomas pulled a face. "Kissing is icky," he explained, making another face. "One day you're gonna pull that horrible face and it'll get stuck that way and never go back," Chris warned and Thomas pouted. David rolled his eyes and joined in with building the train track. By mid-morning the house was a disaster zone, and David was grateful to be going out. They'd all been invited for Christmas dinner with his parents and headed over in one car so Chris could drive home, allowing everyone else to have a few drinks if they wanted to. Carol ushered David away to help her in the kitchen almost as soon as they arrived, and Joanna took one look at Chris and took Thomas off his hands, taking him away to entertain him with the few extra presents waiting for him under the tree there. Finding himself at an unexpected loose end, Chris wandered into the kitchen to see if he could offer to help at all. He found Leo and Emily already in there, harassing David who had been left with the task of stuffing the turkey. "I'm just saying man, you seem way too familiar with putting your entire hand in that turkeys ass. Something you're not telling us?" Leo smirked, Emily choked on the sip of her drink she was taking with a giggle and David glared; a little pink flush appearing on his cheekbones that Chris was praying to every god in the universe for his twin to not notice. "Hey speak of the devil, we were just talking about your bedroom preferences," Leo greeted cheerily as Chris entered the room. "Oh were you now? Well go on, don't let me interrupt your conversation," Chris shrugged, passing them and heading for the fridge to find himself something to drink. "So yeah, I mean that's a task you seem pretty comfortable with," Leo pressed again and David aggressively wrenched his hand free, opening his mouth to argue when Chris interrupted. "Oh he is. We fist each other all the time. Like basically every hour, just can't get enough. I'm surprised you guys can't hear us… y'know, through those really thin walls we have at the house," Chris said, voice heavy with sarcasm initially and then finishing off with an accusatory tone. Leo looked mildly uncomfortable. "I mean last night I could hear some weird stuff, sounded kind of like oh, Leo, yes baby," he put on a breathy, feminine voice and Leo blushed bright green up to the very tips of his ears. Emily's smirk faded fast. "We'll leave you guys to get on with fisting the turkey in peace," Emily said quickly, dragging Leo from the room. "I can't decide if we won that round?" David asked with a chuckle after they had left. "I think we did. Sorry for having to go for your sister like that, she's an easier target," Chris smirked, scratching the back of his head uncomfortably. "It's ok. They deserved it. Have you noticed his asshole streak sometimes affects her too?" "Maybe. But you and Emily have always been assholes to each other," Chris pointed out and David shrugged, withdrawing his hand from the turkey with a grimace before taking it over to the oven. "True. So just to clarify, I don't want your entire hand in my ass, ever. You… you uh… don't actually want me to put my entire hand in your ass do you?" David asked, turning around to face him with one eyebrow raised slightly. Chris burst out laughing. "Uh… no. No you have pretty big hands, and I think I'm probably good," he dismissed unconvincingly, and David was having none of it. "Chris! Oh my god, I hope you don't think for one second that I would seriously even consider-" "Seriously consider what?" Bones interrupted them, appearing in the kitchen suddenly. "Going skiing. I asked David if he wanted to go skiing with me, he said no," Chris lied quickly, trace of green blush on his cheekbones. "Damn right he said no. One of you would probably break your fool neck," Bones grumbled, rummaging in a cupboard and producing a bottle of bourbon. "Do you keep one of those hidden in every room?" Chris asked, rapidly changing the subject as the doctor triumphantly uncapped it. "At least two with all the stress you kids put me through," he grumbled, pouring himself a generous measure and motioning to offer one to David who nodded his acceptance as he scrubbed his hands at the sink, turkey now in the oven. "So what time did the little man wake you guys?" he asked, taking a sip from his drink. David dried his hands and then scrubbed at his face tiredly. "I don't know, around five. I've lost count," David sighed. "He woke me up at like… four-fifteen. I did my best but he wasn't going back to sleep whatever I tried," Chris explained and the doctor chuckled. "I remember you guys… first Christmas on Earth. David you woke us up at two in the mornin'. I was too damn soft on you… took you downstairs and let you open everything. Course you made a lotta noise, so your sisters had to get up too. It was the year your mom had that nasty Andorian flu, so I was watching you guys by myself. Everything was open by three-thirty, and you guys were all back in bed by ten in the morning. Took me days to get you back on a normal sleep schedule," he chuckled fondly. "'Course Jim loved Christmas, cheerful bastard that he was. You guys always had outrageous amounts of toys. I tried to tell Jim he was spoiling you, but he wouldn't have it," Bones said, the fondness in his voice remaining but tinged with sadness now. "And then there was the famous year you two fought each other and managed to pull the tree over. I swear I was pulling pine-needles outta the couch for months," he grumbled, David chuckling into his glass of bourbon. "I remember that fight. That was fun, we should do that again sometime," he smirked at Chris who raised an eyebrow. "You remember how I'm at least three times stronger than you, right?" "Pssh. Three times stronger my ass. When was the last time you hit the gym?" David teased, one hand patting Chris on the now slightly rounded stomach. "Uh… honestly? I don't remember," Chris shifted awkwardly, not able to miss the way the doctors eyes were locked on his stomach now, hidden under an oversized tee that had become his preferred style lately. "You're getting a little belly going, man titties too if you're not careful," David continued and Chris kept his eyes on the doctor until the older man looked up and met his gaze with a curious expression. "Yeah, probably because my wonderful fiancé stopped cooking for me when he went into space and I started living on takeout," Chris defended, prodding David in the side with one finger and causing him to flinch and almost spill his drink. "Hey! Careful. If you spill that I'll make you lap it up off the floor. This is the good stuff," the doctor warned and David and Chris settled down. "I'm gonna go check if Jo needs any help with Thomas, be right back," David pressed a bourbon-y kiss on Chris' cheek and left the room, oblivious to the strange look his father was still giving his bondmate. "Stop looking at me like that Bones, you're creeping me out," Chris began weakly as the doctor advanced on him, setting his glass down on the side. "Your stomach still hurt sometimes? Still got those food intolerances we talked about a while back? Reflux?" he grilled and Chris rolled his eyes. "I'm not pregnant Bones. I think we discussed this a while back, I don't have the equipment, remember?" Chris argued while simultaneously resigning himself to the doctor crowding him against the kitchen countertop and prodding at his abdomen carefully. "Hmm. You sure about that?" he asked, pushing up Chris' shirt and prodding at him more thoroughly, ignoring Chris' indignant huff at his cold hands. "Uh. Yeah. And also I'm pretty sure that to get pregnant you need to have sex. And I can assure you there's been entirely none of that happening for a pretty long time now," he said bluntly and the doctor raised an eyebrow. "Do you ever listen to anything I say to you? Remember what happened to Emily and Leo. The way that you guys work… it doesn't… work that way. Jesus kid. Go and-" the doctor was cut off by David coming back into the room. For a second he froze and then Chris dropped naturally into an act he could easily go along with. "So you think the feeling might be trying to come back in that area of my chest and that's why it hurts more than usual?" he asked the doctor without even hesitating and he shrugged, picking up Chris' act and playing along quickly. "Maybe. Beats me. Everything's so jumbled up in there… nerves… I don't know. I mean, I know you're not keen on it but I do really think I could help you, if you let me get back in there and try to reconnect some things. When I did the first surgery the goal was stopping you from bleeding out on the floor, and the second one was to switch out your lungs… we never got as far as working too much on nerves as much as we could have. I mean cosmetically I could get a big improvement on-"Chris yanked his shirt down, now feeling very self-conscious as he felt David's eyes on his mid-section now too. "I'm not risking my life just to look better, Bones, we've been over this," Chris said firmly. "I'm not suggesting tha-" "You're also the one who warned me about the dangers of putting me under after everything, so, I don't really want to risk leaving David alone for the sake of looks. It's fine the way it is. I can just… always wear a shirt," he sighed heavily and the doctor placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. "Kid. I'm confident we can help you, and that the risks are low enough. Swing by my office on Monday, just come and talk to me about it and we can go over your options, okay? It can't hurt just to talk about it," he said and Chris glanced at David who shrugged. "It's up to you. I love you the way you are, but I know you're not happy, I think it's worth discussing, and if it might help with your pain I think it would definitely be worth it," he said, taking Chris' hand gently in his own. "Ok Bones, I'll come by on Monday and we can talk. And you guys leave my little belly alone, it's Christmas, everyone is allowed to be a little fat," Chris huffed, leaving the room and going looking for Thomas. Christmas dinner was a truly incredible feast. Carol was a brilliant cook, and with David's help in the kitchen too everything had turned out perfect. Three o'clock found everyone gathered around the table, all the McCoy's plus Quinn and Thomas, as well as the twins, Seren, and even Spock had caved in and joined them for the first Christmas since Jim's passing. It was a tight squeeze around the table but they managed it. "I notice that Joanna did not accept a glass of wine with her meal," Seren mumbled to Quinn who was seated on her left hand side and he stammered for a moment before Seren gave him a small smile. Joanna was sipping from a wine glass that contained simply red grape juice that Seren had accidentally witnessed her pouring in there in the kitchen just before they sat down. "Congratulations. Do you know how many weeks?" she asked quietly so nobody else would hear. "Uh… we think around five or six, haven't had a checkup yet. We're not tellin' anybody just until we do," he answered just as quietly and she nodded in understanding. "And have you been successful in obtaining a position aboard a ship?" she asked him and he nodded. "I have. Looks like I'm gonna be shipping out in a couple weeks' time. USS Pegasus as the second helmsman. We're gonna be runnin' a three-month supply mission out on the edge of the neutral zone. It's a good opportunity for me and all bein' well Jo should be graduating right around the time I get back. We're plannin' the wedding for then too, in the spring," he grinned and Seren smiled as Joanna picked up on their conversation and took Quinn's hand turning to join in. "Have you found your dress yet?" Seren asked her and Jo shook her head. "Not yet. I need some help choosing. I was hoping my two bridesmaids would help me," she smiled and Seren nodded. "I would assume that would fall into the tasks required to be completed by bridesmaids," she said and Joanna chuckled. "I was hoping you'd say that. So, what do you say, Seren will you be my bridesmaid?" she asked and Seren blinked, startled by the question. "I… yes, of course, I would be honoured," she beamed, blue eyes so familiar when she smiled. They were Jim's exact colour and she knew it caused everyone at least some degree of pain, so much so that she had begun to avoid eye-contact. "Perfect! I need to ask Emily too, and of course I need to ask Carol. I'm kind of thinking I'm gonna merge the mother of the bride and maid of honour role into one for her. I mean she really has been just… she's always been there for me, and I admire her so much for the way she always treated me the exact same as David and Emily," she said fondly and Seren smiled, glancing across the table to where Chris was now bouncing Thomas on his knee and causing the small boy to giggle in delight. "I agree. It takes a truly wonderful soul to care for a child as if they are your own without a biological connection," she said and Joanna caught her second meaning, grinning at Chris and Thomas too. "They're adorable, right?" Quinn interjected. "So adorable. Thomas is just the cutest kid going, especially with his little pout going on," Joanna smiled. "I'm seeing a side to Chris I never knew he possessed," said Seren, watching now as her brother gently brushed Thomas' untidy dark hair back off his forehead and placed a kiss there, causing the boy to pull a face. The look on Chris' face was one of total and complete love and affection; until he spotted he was being watched by nearly everyone at the table. "What?" he asked with an uncertain shift in his chair, looking embarrassed. "You're being so damn cute nobody can stop looking," Bones explained gruffly and Chris chuckled. "Sorry everybody. I know I'm good looking, but I can't take all the credit. Thomas is most definitely the best looking man at this table right now. So I'm gonna raise a toast," he said, lifting his glass of water, everyone around the table copying, mostly with glasses of wine. "To David McCoy and his damn fine genetic material," he smirked and a ripple of laughter ran around the table, David blushing slightly and Thomas looking innocently confused. A few hours later found most of them gathered in the living room. Spock had surprisingly stayed after dinner and was now discussing life aboard a starship with Quinn, while Joanna sat with Emily, Seren and Carol in the corner talking about the wedding. Leo was sat at the now cleared table, building an intricate scale replica of the Enterprise that had been gifted to him by Scotty with the challenge being that he couldn't complete it all in one day. Thomas had fought and fought against tiredness but had eventually crashed out on top of David as he lounged watching an old Christmas movie, legs propped up on Chris' lap. David absently played with a few strands of Thomas' dark hair, his mind wandering from the movie that wasn't really holding his attention. After a few seconds he became aware he was being watched and glanced up to meet Chris' eye. "What you thinking about?" Chris asked quietly and David shrugged a little. "He didn't ask about Hughes today. Don't you think that's kinda sad?" he admitted and Chris looked thoughtful for a moment. "Maybe we should tell him that you're his father." "Chris he's two. He's not going to understand concepts like mother and father… and then when we explain that, how do we explain us to him? I don't want to confuse him with our…" "Outrageous levels of homosexuality?" Chris supplied helpfully and David noticed Leo glance up at them from his position at the table with a smirk on his face. "I was going to phrase that differently," David objected with an eye-roll. Arriving at a most inopportune moment, Leonard settled in the armchair nearest the couch they were sharing, fresh glass of red wine in his hand. "Run out of bourbon?" Chris asked and the doctor looked at his glass. "Nope. Just like to enjoy a nice, full-bodied red over the holidays. 'Tis the season and all that bullshit," he smirked, sipping from the wine and leaning in a little closer. "So, if you guys ever want us to take Thomas for a day, or an evening… or maybe even overnight or a weekend, just say the word and we'll try to help out as best we can," he offered and David blushed a little. "I mean I know Leo and Emily are going on that trip of theirs at the end of January, maybe you guys might… y'know, want some time alone in the house," he hinted heavily and David pulled a face. Chris spluttered a laugh, blushing a vibrant shade of green. "Thanks. We'll uh… let you know how that goes, I mean, if we need you to take him for a day or so," David answered awkwardly. "Just figured you guys might want some alone time. It can be tough to come by when you have a little one running around," the doctor chuckled and David blushed crimson, knowing exactly what his father was implying. "Please stop talking," he urged and his father laughed heartily. "I'm kind of concerned Bones, you seem very keen to enable me bending your son over any available surface," Chris smirked and the doctor's eyebrow shot up, David's blush reaching a level of red Chris had never before seen and Leo dropping several pieces of his miniature Enterprise, his eavesdropping now blatantly obvious. "I'm not the one who'd be getting bent over anything," David muttered in response and Leonard's eyebrow rose, if possible, even further. "Well this has been entirely too much information for me," the doctor grumbled, sipping from his wine. Leo just couldn't help himself and turned around to look at his twin and David on the couch. "So… do you… you both…I mean… both of you?" he trailed off and David rolled his eyes, Chris pinched the bridge of his nose and closed his eyes, taking an overdramatic deep, calming breath. "Yes Leo. Both of us. And it's really fun. Now please can you stop asking?" Chris deadpanned and David laughed out loud, burying his face in his hands in embarrassment and causing Thomas to stir a little in his sleep. "Seriously. Everybody. Stop talking. I was implying, I never wanted to hear about any of it," Bones grumbled, rubbing his forehead and looking at the floor. "So about 50/50? Or…?" Leo pressed and Chris threw the cushion he was leaning on across the room full force, hitting his brother square in the face. "I'd tell you not to throw stuff in my house, but he deserved that," Bones said firmly, getting up from his chair and coming over to kneel beside the couch, looking closely at Thomas. "He looks just like you when he's sleeping. Exactly the same," he said wistfully and David rolled his eyes. "You always talk shit about how much of a nightmare child I was, yet now you have a new version you're besotted with him." "Yeah, but this is better because when he gets cranky, or throws a tantrum I can just give him back to you guys to take care of. I can just get the best parts, that's what being a grandparent is all about, right?" he smirked and David wrapped his arms around Thomas protectively and closed his own eyes. Chris' heart skipped a little as he watched them and he focused on sending a clear message through their bond. Marry me? I want us to be a real family with rings and vows and everything. You can wear the white dress though. David didn't open his eyes but he did smile faintly. "Are you guys doing your mind-voodoo?" the doctor asked and Chris nodded. "All good stuff though. Actually, Bones, could I borrow you in the kitchen for a moment?" he asked, sliding carefully out from under David's legs and offering a hand to the doctor who was sitting on the floor. He helped him up and then the two headed into the kitchen. "What do you need?" he asked as soon as they were out of earshot of the living room. "Your blessing. I want to marry your son, and I want to do it like… yesterday," he sighed longingly. "Chris. You don't need to ask me for my blessing. You already have it, you're already a son to me, you know that kid," he said, in an unusually soft tone, hazel eyes serious but not stern. "I do need to ask, it's important to me. Now… especially with Thomas, and with everything that's happened, I want us to be a real family… officially, I want to prove to David that I want to be with him for the rest of my life," he said seriously and the doctor nodded, pulling out a chair at the table and sitting down heavily. "Kid… a couple of years ago I wanted you to keep the hell away from my son. I thought you were a hell of a bad influence. You were reckless, and the drinking and the drugs and the partying, and the underwear modelling… I just… your ego was out of control. I always wondered if there was a decent guy in there somewhere. I figured Jim and Spock should have instilled at least some good in you. And you've proven me so damn wrong about you. You're kind and caring and supportive and you're everything I want for David to have in a partner. The way you've responded to Thomas has just proved it even more to me… you've grown up to be a hell of a man Chris, and I couldn't want for a better person to take care of David. He won't let on, but he does need someone to take care of him from time to time," he said, picking at his fingernails and not looking at Chris as he finished talking. "I know he does. I can feel his insecurities and his vulnerabilities and it just… makes me want to make him stronger." "You make each other stronger. You're great together. You have my permission to marry him, just make sure you plan a damn good wedding… Jim would have wanted you to throw a hell of a party. He'd be so proud of you, kid, you've grown up to be a hell of a man," he said, a slight twinkle in his eye that Chris pretended not to notice as he promised their wedding would be an event to never forget. "One final question. Would you have any issue with me taking the great McCoy name?" Chris asked uncertainly and the doctor's eyebrow shot skywards. "Christopher George McCoy huh? David will sure as hell like it, he'll never admit it but he's possessive as hell. I see how he looks at you when you steal his clothes..." Bones said with an eye-roll and Chris chuckled, knowing exactly the look the doctor was referring to "And I like it, means the hundreds of kids you guys are no doubt gonna pop out can keep my name going down the line," he chuckled as they headed back towards the lounge. They stayed a little while longer, until David started drinking at a pace Chris could only describe as aggressive. He persuaded David to go to the car, Leo and Emily had decided to just sleep in Emily's room, and Joanna and Quinn along with Spock and Seren had left some time earlier. "Thanks for today, see you tomorrow Bones. Oh and get the hangover cure ready because David is going to be in one hell of a state when he wakes up," Chris sighed as he scooped up Thomas' sleeping form from the couch and held him securely to his chest. "Sure will kid. Suits you, y'know," he said vaguely as he walked Chris back to the door from the living room. "Hm?" Chris asked, glancing back. "The parenting thing. It suits you. I've never seen you smile like you do these days," the doctor elaborated and Chris knew he wouldn't be being nearly so open with his feelings if he hadn't helped David finish off the bottle of whiskey. "Don't get all sappy on me again. See you tomorrow," he dismissed, letting himself out and heading to his car. David was asleep in the passenger seat, snoring with his head lolling to one side. Shaking his head he carefully lowered Thomas into his car-seat in the back and strapped him in securely, driving them home slower than the speed-limit, glancing in the rear-view mirror every now and then to make sure Thomas was still sleeping. When they got back he nudged David's shoulder to wake him up and carefully carried Thomas into the house. He managed to get him upstairs and into his room, but woke him as he tried to change his clothes into his pyjamas while he was still sleeping. "Is it Christmas again tomorrow?" Thomas asked innocently. "Sorry Thomas… we only do Christmas once a year. You've got another three hundred and sixty-four days until Christmas comes back. Do you know how old you'll be then?" he asked as he tried to wrestle pyjama pants onto the squirming child. "No," he pouted and Chris chuckled. "You'll be three and a half! And do you know how old I'll be then?" he asked and Thomas shook his head. "I'll let you in on a secret… I'll be twenty-five. Twenty-five! Isn't that super old?" he asked and Thomas giggled and nodded. "Really really old!" he enthused and Chris laughed out loud. "Do you know how old Grandpa Bones will be then?" he asked as he peeled Thomas' shirt off him, fetching him the one that matched with his pyjama bottoms. "No!" Thomas giggled and Chris grinned. "He's going to be one hundred years old!" he mock-gasped and Thomas laughed. "So old!" he cried happily as Chris took the opportunity of him being distracted and pulled the fresh shirt over his head. "I know right! When you see him again tomorrow you can tell him he's the oldest ever, okay?" he said and Thomas grinned and nodded. "Ready to brush our teeth?" Chris offered and Thomas followed him obediently to the bathroom and brushed his teeth under Chris' supervision as Chris brushed his own. A few minutes later found Thomas safely tucked into his bed, nightlight glowing in the corner and scruffy old bear curled in tight to his chest. Christopher closed the door quietly and padded down the hallway to his room, opening the door to find David sprawled on the bed still fully dressed and fast asleep. Chris gently nudged him awake. "Hey, don't sleep in your clothes, your jeans will cut off your circulation," Chris prompted and David looked around the room seemingly disoriented for a few seconds. "I uh… yeah. Sure, thanks," he mumbled, coming to his senses and sitting up groggily, unfastening his jeans and peeling them down his legs. When they got as far as his ankles he switched to ungracefully trying to kick them off until they got stuck and he hissed in frustration. "I got them," Chris offered helpfully, leaning over to grab the denim and detach the jeans from where they were stuck bunched up around David's feet. He removed them and his socks and dropped them on the floor at the side of the bed, absentmindedly trailing one hand all the way up David's leg from the inside of his ankle up the inside edge of his calf, then trailing over his solid, muscular thigh before settling on his hip as he curled up beside him. "Chris?" David asked after a few seconds and the part-Vulcan looked up, opening his mouth to respond but being cut off as David lunged for him, kissing him hard on the mouth and pulling him as close as possible with a firm grip on the neck of his baggy tee. "You taste minty," David giggled tipsily, breaking the kiss before going back for more, Chris pulling back after a few seconds. "And you taste like you've had a lot to drink. I don't know if this is a good idea," he said hesitantly and David ignored him, pawing at his shirt now, pulling it up. "I've missed you," David whimpered, dragging Chris' shirt up and pulling it clumsily over his head, throwing it aside. "I've missed you too. Maybe we should just go to sleep? I think you've had a lot to drink and-" Chris was cut off as David started kissing him again. "Please please I just want to feel normal after all of this shit. I just want to feel normal, I just want… to feel like you still want me," he whispered, voice strained as he struggled to stay in control. "Of course I still want you. I'll always still want you," Chris insisted, meeting David's eyes and opening up the bond fully, allowing the younger man to feel he was telling the truth. "Please, can't we just fool around or just… anything?" David sighed and Chris blinked slowly. "Okay," Chris breathed finally and David's hands dove to his jeans, unbuttoning them and shoving them down rapidly, boxers following, both items remaining bunched uncomfortably around his thighs in David's haste to wrap one large hand around him and grip firmly, causing him to groan as he began to stroke slowly, teasingly, rapidly leaving him fully hard. "Feels good," Chris encouraged, relaxing a little into the touch, his own hand trailing a feather-light touch over David's lower stomach, pausing at one prominent hipbone and lightly skimming over it with the tips of his fingers. After a few more moments Chris felt bolder, and that David wasn't flinching away from his touch, so he lowered his hand to cup him through his boxers, freezing up when he found he was completely soft. "I'm sorry I uh… I don't know what the problem is," David mumbled, looking confused and embarrassed. "Well, I would have been impressed if you could get it up after how much you drank," Chris chuckled, trying to make light to the situation when really all he felt was concern that he carefully blocked from passing through their bond. "No… I usually don't have a problem after drinking," David trailed off, his hand still around his bondmates erection slowing to a near stop. It became clear to Chris that the moment was gone and he gently removed David's hand and pulled his boxers back up. "Chris, I want to-"David tried to wriggle his hand free of his much stronger grip and Chris silenced him with a firm kiss. "No, I uh… I don't want you to," Chris said awkwardly. "Why?" "Because I don't," Chris argued feebly as a pang of hurt ricocheted through their bond. "Just not tonight. We've had a really long day… I'm tired, you're tired, let's just get some sleep," he said softly and David narrowed his eyes, sighing in frustration and slumping onto his back. Chris kicked his jeans off the rest of the way and curled up against David's side, one arm around his waist and his chin on his shoulder. "I don't… I don't understand what's happening to me. First in Bali when I freaked out, and now too?" Chris took a few moments to think carefully before he responded, first pressing a kiss to David's neck. "I think we should give it some more time," he said gently and David snorted. "Yeah. Time. That'll help. That'll take away the fact that every time we try something like this I can feel that damn Orions hands on me, pushing my legs apart, forcing me onto my back... What if this never gets better? What if we can never have sex again?" David asked seriously, voice rising threateningly with emotion that was in danger of spilling over. He kept his eyes stubbornly on the ceiling until Chris cupped his face and guided him to look at him. "This isn't going to be forever. You're going to get through this. And you never need to think of that Orion touching you ever again, because he can't. He's not anywhere he can hurt you again, and if we ever do find him I'm going to show him why it's dangerous to piss off a territorial Vulcan," Chris said and David cracked a tiny smile. "And what if I never do get over it? And things never go back to normal?" he asked miserably and Chris kissed him firmly. "It's illogical to worry about things that will never happen," he deadpanned and David rolled his eyes. "Seriously though?" "Seriously, we can figure something out. I'm not going anywhere, I mean it," Chris promised and David sighed, looking uncertain but leaning forward to kiss his bondmate tenderly. Chris responded happily, one hand on the side of David's face and his thumb lightly grazing over his cheekbone. David shifted closer as they kissed until their bodies were pressed together. Chris had willed his own erection away while they had been talking, but the tight press of their bodies together somehow felt even more intimate with neither of them physically aroused. David buried his face into Chris' neck and mumbled a goodnight, falling asleep still clinging onto him as if holding on for dear life. Chris lay awake for a long time, hyperaware of the feeling of David's chest rising and falling against his own. He woke what felt like only a few hours later to find himself alone, the other side of the bed completely cold. It was light outside and he blinked a few times before sitting up, confused. He listened carefully for a few moments and decided he couldn't hear anybody at home. He decided to go and investigate, wincing slightly as he stood up and began to walk towards the hallway. He peered out of the room and decided to check Thomas' room first. The bedroom was empty and the bed made, the little clock on the bedside table telling him it was before nine, so Thomas had probably been up for a few hours already. He padded down the stairs, bare feet sinking slightly into the carpet as he did so. It took him only another minute to confirm there was nobody home. Scratching his head, he glanced by the door to find that David's sneakers were missing, as well as Thomas' small shoes and the keys to his car. Before he could wonder much more where they were the car pulled up outside and David unlocked the door coming in clutching a grocery bag, Thomas eagerly following him. It took David a second to spot Chris sat on the bottom step and he looked a little awkward when he did. "Oh… morning, I was trying to get back before you woke up, we didn't have any good food in," he smiled nervously, toeing off his shoes. "I haven't been up long," Chris replied, standing up and opening his arms for Thomas, who quickly leapt on him, climbing up him and giggling wildly. "Thomas come on, he's not a climbing frame, leave Chris alone he only just woke up," David warned and Thomas pouted, setting about trying to remove his own shoes. "Did David tie your shoes too tight huh?" Chris asked, bending down and undoing the laces for the toddler as David headed for the kitchen. Chris occupied himself with entertaining Thomas until he could smell something absolutely incredible from the kitchen and he had to check it out. "I uh… was going to bring you breakfast in bed," David admitted sheepishly as Chris peeked into the room. "Adorable," Chris half-smiled, slipping into the room and sitting at the table, kicking his feet up onto one of the spare chairs. David blushed a little and turned back to what he was cooking. "So how's your hangover?" Chris asked nonchalantly as David cooked. The younger man glanced back at him, a bashful expression on his face. "Well… I uh… I vaguely remember last night. I feel pretty gross this morning," he spoke facing away from Chris, one hand scratching the back of his neck, muscles in his shoulders bunching up under his thin tee-shirt as he did so. "What do you remember going on last night?" Chris pressed curiously. He wanted to see how David would respond to this line of questioning. "I remember… y'know. I remember what happened," David said, again not facing him. "And…?" Chris pried further and David turned around to face him. "And I'm just as embarrassed as I was last night and would rather not discuss it again right now," he said bitterly. "Hey, no need to be embarrassed," Chris said, getting up and going to stand next to his bondmate so he could more easily meet his eye while he was cooking. David barely glanced at him. Taking the hint that David was in no mood to discuss things this morning, Chris dropped it, thankful for Thomas charging into the room a few moments of awkward silence later. "Chris I'm hungry!" he announced. Chris bent down and scooped him up. "What do you want for breakfast little man?" he asked as David finished cooking and cut the omelette he had made in half, piling it on two plates and setting them at the table. "Do you want to share some of my breakfast?" Chris offered and Thomas sniffed the plate and then pulled a face. "No? What would you like instead?" Chris asked patiently and Thomas grinned and then leant in to whisper his answer in Chris' ear, eyes sparking with mischief. "Mmm, I don't know. I don't know where they are. Maybe David can help you?" Chris suggested and Thomas moved to the other side of the table and pulled David down so he could whisper in his ear. "So long as you don't tell Grandpa," David agreed and Thomas nodded eagerly. David got up and from the top cupboard, well out of the reach of small hands; he retrieved a box of 'Space O's'. He poured an appropriately sized portion into a bowl and added milk and a spoon and then handed it over to Thomas who almost fell off his chair with excitement. "See, easily pleased," Chris grinned as the three of them ate. He was finished first by a long way because he was seriously hungry without even realising it, so he then helped Thomas with his cereal. The little marshmallow pieces kept escaping him so Chris helped him chase them all around the bowl and catch them. David felt like his heart might actually melt watching them interact so adorably, and the not so subtle look that Chris gave him confirmed that he'd definitely let his feelings of adoration slip through the bond. "So I'll probably get my pysch eval request this coming week," David said and Chris looked at him carefully. "You ready to go back out if they post you?" he asked, doing his best to keep the jealousy out of his voice. "I think so," David said, sounding anything but certain. "David?" Thomas asked from his seat where he was still sitting with them. "Yeah buddy?" "Are you going away like Mommy?" he asked innocently and Chris felt a surge of pain from David's side of the bond. David opened his mouth and no words came out, he just stared at Thomas with a completely heartbroken look on his face. Chris got up from his seat and moved so he was crouching down next to Thomas, at his same height. "Thomas it's important that we tell you something… your Mom isn't coming back," he said gently and Thomas didn't visibly react. "Why?" he asked finally, large brown eyes seemingly impossibly wide and innocent. David placed one hand on Chris' shoulder, the other on Thomas' back. Please tell him, because I don't think I can find the words. Chris took a moment to gather his thoughts. He'd known since Thomas arrived that he would likely have to be the one to break the news to him about his mother, since David was under so much pressure and stress the last thing he would need is to worry about that. "Sometimes when people go into space they don't come home. Sometimes people can get hurt or sick and they can't come back. But it's ok, because we know they didn't want to really leave us," he said steadily. "Why? Why can't they come back?" Thomas asked, beginning to look distressed. Chris took a deep breath, David's large hand now rubbing soothing circles on the small boys back. "Sometimes people die. And that means they can't come back to us, no matter how much we want them to. When someone dies it means they got sick or hurt and nobody, not even a doctor could make them better. But you know that they're never really gone so long as we keep them in here," he reached out and touched Thomas' head. "And here," he touched the boys chest, over his heart. "Some of the stars you see at night time? They died years and years ago, but they still shine for us to see," Chris added and Thomas' face crumpled, two fat tears rolling down his cheeks. Chris quickly gathered him in his arms and picked him up. "It's allowed to be sad when somebody dies, it's a good thing, it means we loved them a lot and we'll always remember them," Chris comforted as David joined their embrace and Thomas wept against David's shirt, sobs racking his small frame. "Do you remember Grandpa Jim who gave you your special Christmas book?" Chris asked, a sudden inspiration hitting him. He removed his personal communicator from his pocket and opened his media files, delving to a folder he rarely viewed these days. A hologram of Jim's face leapt out from the device and hovered above his hand. "This is a picture of him. Grandpa Jim was my dad, and he died, but now he's always in here," Chris said, touching where his own heart would be if he were wholly human. Thomas copied his action and touched his own chest, then reaching out the same hand and putting it through the hologram of Jim's face. "That's right. But you don't need to worry, ok? Because now you've got me and I'm not going to leave you, and you've got your dad, and he's not going to leave you," Chris said, putting away the hologram of Jim and stepping forward to enclose both David and Thomas in his arms. "My dad?" Thomas asked quietly, looking confused. It took Chris a moment to realise what he'd said. "Me. And I'm always going to be here to take care of you, ok? I promise," David said sincerely, voice uneven as he forced himself to hold back tears. "Ok I promise too," Thomas said, sniffling and wiping his face on David's shirt. "What do you promise?" Chris asked and Thomas looked up at them both with wide eyes and innocent understanding of the situation. "I promise to care of you too," he said clumsily and Chris held them both a little tighter. They spent that afternoon at the McCoy family home again, trying to eat the leftovers of the previous day's Christmas feast. It was a much more relaxed affair than Christmas day had been, and they ended up going home quite early to get some rest. Emily volunteered to put Thomas down for the night so Chris and David were free to curl up on the couch and doze to a movie they were only half-watching, the conversation about the night before buried for the time being but not forgotten. "Do you think he'll be ok?" David asked quietly and Chris shifted, blinking up at him sleepily from where he had his face buried in his chest. "I'm sure he will be. He's been fine all day after we explained earlier," he said, giving him an encouraging squeeze. "You were really great," David said seriously and Chris blushed a little. "I just… I don't know. I read something in a book about how to break it to him easy. It kind of made me realise I don't really remember the moment I found out about Jim. It's all just a painkiller and sedative haze," he admitted and David tightened his hold on him. "You did an incredible job breaking it to him without upsetting him too badly, and in a way he can understand. I should do what I have to do and go to Hughes' apartment. I only have until the end of the month and they're emptying it on her behalf," David mumbled. "If you want me to go with you I can do that," Chris offered and David shifted uncomfortably. "I think this is something I should do by myself." It took David two more days to pluck up the courage to request access to Hughes living quarters from Starfleet. As Thomas' father his request was granted without much delay, and that evening after putting Thomas down for the night he made his excuses to Chris and left, heading over to one of the apartment buildings near campus reserved for cadets and fresh graduates. He located the place, and used the access code he'd been issued earlier that day, letting himself into the apartment. The first thing that struck him was how cold it felt. Nobody had been there for a long time and the environmental controls had been left to idle, leaving a distinct chill in the air of the place. The door led immediately into the lounge area, kitchen against one wall. There were two doors off the main room, one leading to a tiny bathroom, the other into a bedroom that was almost equal in size to the lounge/kitchen space. A double bed stood against one wall, standard Starfleet issue built in wardrobe another, and a small single bed nearest to the door. Glancing around David wasn't surprised that there seemed very few personal items; from getting to know Hughes aboard the ship he knew she was never really the sentimental type. There weren't any pictures left out or displayed, the whole place seemed pretty sparse. Pushing down the feeling that it was wrong for him to be prying and reminding himself he needed to gather anything relevant for Thomas, he started to search around a little. It didn't take him long to uncover a data chip with his name on it. His heart skipped a little as he spotted it, thinking he must have read it wrong, but he picked up the small silver item and rotated it until he could clearly read the name on the side. D. McCoy. Unless there was another D. McCoy who may have crossed paths with Lieutenant Hughes, whatever was on this chip was definitely for his attention. He took it over to her player in the corner and plugged it in, waiting a few seconds before it loaded and steeling himself before pressing play. Hughes face appeared, she looked maybe a little less tired than he remembered her default look, and her hair was longer, scraped into a ponytail rather than in her short crop she'd had on the ship. "McCoy, if you're watching this then I'm no longer around. I can also assume by this point you know about Thomas. If you're wondering why I didn't tell you about him, it's because I think you're an immature asshole who doesn't deserve the chance to be in his life," she spoke completely bluntly as she had aboard the ship when dishing out orders. "That being said. If I'm not around anymore then I need you to step up, man up, and take care of him. I'd rather he was with his biological father than getting raised by some Starfleet foster family that will let him grow up into this life. My only requests for his upbringing are that he is loved and cared for, and that you keep him the hell away from Starfleet. I don't want him having anything to do with it when he grows up, so you push him into… sports or… or law school or something. Anything to keep him out of this mess," she said gravely and David frowned. What was she talking about? Why would she forbid her own son to follow her own chosen career path? "I hope by the time you receive this message you might have proven me wrong about you, please try to be good to him… he's been through a lot, and through things no two-year old should have to try and understand." Hughes paused and then took a slow inhale. "I'm going to be gone before his fifth birthday comes around anyway. I'm uh… I'm sick. If you want to really know then you can dig for the information, you're a smart enough guy and you'll probably figure it out, but I'm not explaining it all on this shit because it isn't secure. Just know that it's not genetic and Thomas doesn't have it. I've been very careful to make sure he doesn't have it so please just keep him, and take care of him and raise him well. Make sure he grows up to have good values and learns to respect his elders and mind his manners. I want him to take your last name too; I don't want to cause him any confusion. I already filed the paperwork so when I die it rolls over within thirty days. David I uh… I'm sorry. Please make sure he knows that although I didn't really know how to show it, I did really love him," Hughes paused again and David's frown deepened as he racked his brain to try and think about what she could be talking about. "There's money for him. My parents left it for me when they died and Starfleet got me real young so I never needed it, there's a folder in the drawer beside my bed, absolutely everything you need is in there so please don't go trawling through my whole apartment. Just take that folder and that has all of the information, the money is in his name and my wish is that it goes into a college fund so he can go into anything but Starfleet. It should be enough. There are a few pictures there too, I don't know if you're the sentimental type, I figure probably not but he might want them when he's old enough. Please do right by him, he needs you now," she finished and the recording clicked off. Abiding by her wishes David retrieved only the folder he was instructed to, before gathering up anything that looked like it belonged to Thomas and getting out of the apartment as quickly as he could, taking the data chip with him too. He drove the longest possible way home and got back late enough that by the time he did everyone in the house was asleep, including Chris who was sprawled on his stomach and snoring slightly. He crept into Thomas' room to check on him and sat down on the floor beside his bed, watching him sleep and the rise and fall of his little chest under the blanket. He stirred at one point, frowning in his sleep and whimpering, fighting a little against the blankets covering him. Unsure of himself David placed one hand on the boys shoulder to try and comfort him from whatever was troubling his sleep, only to regret it immediately when the young boy jolted awake at the contact and screamed. "Hey, it's just me. What's the matter?" David asked quickly as Thomas took a huge gulp of air and started wailing at the top of his voice. "Hey, Thomas, shh, it's alright," he attempted to soothe him by wrapping him in his arms and pulling him close into his chest. He immediately latched onto his tee-shirt, bunching up two tiny fists of the fabric and pulling it as he continued to cry loudly, tears streaming down his face now. "Were you having a bad dream?" David asked, stroking his wild hair back off his forehead and trying to get him to stop crying. He hiccupped and nodded, smearing snot on David's upper arm in the process. "It was only a dream, it can't hurt you because it's not real," he explained quietly as Thomas began to settle down, his loud cries now replaced with sniffles though the tears continued. "Not real?" Thomas repeated as a question, looking up at his father. "Nope. Bad dreams aren't real. What was your dream about?" he asked and Thomas frowned. "Don'rember," he mumbled. "You don't remember?" David asked and Thomas shook his head. "See, it can't be so scary if you don't remember, can it?" he asked with a forced smile. "I don't wanna," Thomas pouted, fresh tears rolling down his cheeks. "You don't want to what? Go back to sleep?" David asked. "Wanna go with you," Thomas insisted, clinging to David's shirt tighter still, stretching the fabric. "You want to sleep in our bed with us?" David asked and Thomas nodded shyly against his chest, smearing more mess on his t-shirt. "OK little man, I think that's allowed after a scary dream. Let's go," he hoisted the boy out of bed and carried him down the hall to his own room. Chris was sat upright on the edge of the bed and blinked blearily at him through the dim light. "I got him, he's ok. He had a bad dream but he's going to be brave and go back to sleep in here with us where we can take care of him," David explained, setting Thomas down on the bed who immediately crawled to Chris and grabbed onto him like a limpet. "I heard him crying and I was gonna get up but then I realised you'd already gone," Chris mumbled sleepily, wrapping Thomas in a tight hug. "I uh… I haven't even been to bed yet, my evening was weird. I'll tell you about it tomorrow," he said vaguely, shucking his jeans and socks and heading to the bathroom to brush his teeth before crawling into bed. Chris had got Thomas to settle down and he wasn't asleep yet but was quiet and content and wrapped almost aggressively around Chris. "You're totally his favourite," David whispered and Chris chuckled. "Hey you hear that Thomas? I think you're hurting your dad's feelings. Do you have a big hug for him too?" he asked and Thomas obediently turned over, latching onto David instead and gripping him tightly. Chris' hand snuck over underneath the blanket and took David's slightly smaller one as Thomas drifted off to sleep between them and they both eventually followed him. Chris woke up first, aware that he was on the very edge of the bed with almost no blanket, neck slightly stiff from sleeping at an awkward angle. In front of him Thomas was asleep with his thumb in his mouth and David still asleep too sprawled on his back. He paused to watch them both for a few moments, always taken by how much younger David looked asleep without his default scowl on his face; and not even angry about his complete lack of space and blanket given how adorable they looked asleep together like this. He took a sly picture and sent it to Bones, knowing that though the doctor would never admit it, family pictures like this would always mean a lot to him. He eventually peeled himself out of bed and padded to the bathroom, taking a shower before wrapping his towel around his waist and heading back to the bedroom to grab himself some fresh clothes. As he rounded the corner into the room Thomas took a flying leap at him off the bed and he only just reacted in time to catch him, one hand holding the loose knot in his towel, the other catching the toddler around the back as he clung on, giggling wildly. David grinned sleepily up at them from the bed. "What are you doing? Monkey," Chris scolded, tickling him and setting him down. Thomas went completely and totally silent as Chris walked past him to head to the dresser to grab some clothes. A loud wail behind him caught his attention and he turned back to the small boy who was now bawling at the top of his lungs for no obvious reason. "Oh no. Thomas did you hurt yourself when you jumped?" Chris asked, advancing a few steps back towards him. The boy shrieked and ran a few steps from him, backing himself into the corner and crying harder still. "What's the matter?" Chris asked, David climbing out of bed and scooping Thomas into his arms. "What's the matter buddy?" David asked, holding his son with his chin resting on his shoulder, he turned his face away from Chris pointedly and Chris blinked hard, feeling sick as realisation hit him. It's me. He's afraid of my scars. He's never seen it before. David set Thomas down on the bed and knelt in front of him. "Hey, hey calm down ok? Look at me," he instructed and the boy began to settle a little bit. "What's the matter? Is it Chris?" he asked and Thomas nodded. David glanced at his bondmate over the boy's head, able to see the hurt radiating off him clearly. "It's nothing to be upset about or scared of… Chris looks a little bit different because he got hurt doing something very brave. And he's still the same as me and you; he just looks a little bit different. Here take a look," David encouraged and beckoned to Chris to come around to the other side of the bed, in Thomas' line of sight. The boy flinched away at first but glanced back up when his father set his hand squarely in the middle of the large area of scarring. "This isn't scary. It's just a scar, see, just skin," David said and Thomas reached out his hand curiously to touch near his father's hand, Chris leaning in a little so he could reach. "Does hurt?" Thomas asked and Chris raised an eyebrow. He didn't expect Thomas to understand a concept as complicated as a scar causing pain, or having resulted from an injury. "Yeah, it does hurt sometimes. But that's ok because I'm still alive and I still get to be here with you and your daddy," Chris forced a smile. "I don't like it," Thomas frowned deeply and Chris dared to let out a small chuckle. "I'm not too keen on it either buddy. What do you say I try and find a way to fix it? Maybe Grandpa knows a special doctor for scars?" Chris suggested and Thomas nodded enthusiastically before leaping off the bed and hurrying down the hallway to his own room. Chris exhaled heavily and David removed his hand from Chris' chest. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to frighten him… it totally slipped my mind that I wasn't wearing a shirt and-"Chris trailed off. They held each-other gaze for a moment, neither of them really knowing what to say. "It's ok. He would have seen it eventually and asked a bunch of questions. Hey so later I need to talk to you about Hughes, and we should probably finish our conversation from the other day… maybe when he naps this afternoon?" David suggested and Chris nodded as he retrieved himself a clean shirt. The day passed slowly. David was called in for an initial meeting regarding him going for another assignment on a ship. As he suspected he was informed it would be subject to completion of a psychiatric evaluation because of his 'traumatic experience'. While David was out Chris snooped through a little of the information Hughes had left about Thomas. He respectfully left the video message alone, but found a few baby pictures amongst the files on the data stick, one was a scan image of Thomas before he was born, one where Thomas couldn't have been more than a few hours old and looking like a red-faced David-squished-potato hybrid. There was another where he was a few months older, holding his bottle with his feet, mischievous glint in his now-brown eyes. He'd grinned widely at them and immediately ordered printed copies, an old hobby and something that Jim had always done and had stuck with him. David returned later than Chris had expected. He gave Chris vague responses when he tried to ask about it, so the subject was left well alone. Around three in the afternoon Thomas started to become irritable and disruptive, prompting Chris to take him upstairs and put him down for a nap. He returned downstairs running both hands through his hair and sighing as he rounded the corner into the kitchen. David was sat at the table, mug of tea steaming in front of him. He had one leg brought up to his chest, hugging his knee to himself and looking like his brain was struggling to process something far too large for one man. Chris slid out the chair opposite and sat down slowly, David's eyes on him the whole time. "So, do you want to talk about it?" Chris offered carefully and David chewed his lip. "I guess. I have good news and bad news," he admitted. "Alright, let's start with the bad news and get it out of the way," Chris reasoned and David shrugged, taking a sip from his tea and setting it down again, not meeting Chris' eye when he spoke again. "Something weird was going on with Hughes. She left me this weird message where she was saying very firmly that Thomas isn't allowed to have anything to do with Starfleet when he's old enough. She seemed… I don't know. Intimidated by something." "Well there are some pretty intimidating people at the top of Starfleet, Mitchell for one-" "No," David interrupted sharply, finally looking up. "This is bigger than Mitchell. And trust me; she wasn't the kinda woman to be easily intimidated. You never met her, so you're gonna have to trust my judge of character, but whatever this was… it was weird. I don't even know where to start to figure this out. She said something about she was sick… she wouldn't see Thomas' fifth birthday she said," he said tensely and Chris was silent for a moment, holding his partners gaze. "Then maybe your first place to start should be her medical records?" "I wouldn't understand any of it, how am I supposed to…" David stopped talking as Chris raised an eyebrow. "OK, I'll ask my Dad to run me through her file, if I can get it. My Mom should be able to get it," he said determinedly. "OK, so we have a starting point. Any other bad news or do we move onto the good now?" Chris asked and David looked sheepish. "I uh… they made me talk to somebody today, when I went in. I'm grounded until I see a therapist… I just… I don't think I'm ready to talk about it," he finished in a voice barely above a whisper. "You talked to somebody today though, right?" Chris pointed out and David twisted his hands together. "Well… kinda," he admitted and Chris gave him a few moments to elaborate further. "I told him I don't remember much and don't want to, and he said that trying to remember and accepting what happened is important to getting through it and I told him to fuck off," David scratched the back of his head and Chris snorted. "Charming as ever," he said, reaching across the table for where David was wringing his hands together again and placing his one hand over the top of both, stopping the nervous movement. "I don't want people meddling in my business." "They're trying to help," Chris pointed out. "And what if I don't want their help?!" David demanded, voice rising. Chris didn't answer, just held his gaze until David broke and looked away with a heavy sigh. "I think… maybe because it was a man," David said vaguely and Chris nodded in understanding. "Ok, well you don't have to talk to a man; there'll be plenty of non-male people you can talk to. Do you want me to handle it and find you someone?" Chris offered. After a few long moments of silence David spoke up, but avoided answering the question. "So the good news is that I passed my physical, and I'm allowed to go out for sports again," David said with another swig from his tea. "Well good, you're bitchy as hell when you're not allowed to exercise properly," Chris grinned and David gave him a cheery middle fingered salute from across the table. "So about the other night. We should probably finish talking about that," Chris offered and David looked like a rabbit caught in headlights. "I uh… yeah, if you think we need to," he answered shyly and Chris gripped his bondmates hands a little tighter. "You were drunk. You got drunk deliberately." "Yeah… I was pretty drunk." "I need to know that you're not going to drink to excess again until you're sure that you feel in control of it, if you think that's fair?" Chris suggested. David frowned. "Why? Far as I remember, I'm not the one with the drinking problem here," he pointed out spitefully, taking a jab at something he would never usually throw in Chris' face. "You're deflecting," Chris said flatly, reaching out within their bond to try and probe for the true feelings David held towards that evening. "So if I was to ask you if you felt we could try to have a physical relationship again?" Chris asked and David's smirk slipped. "I… I don't know how to answer that," he said in a hollow voice. "Answer it with the truth; don't tell me what you think I want to hear. If it isn't something that can happen between us right now, that's ok," Chris tried to encourage and David's temper flared. "STOP TELLING ME ANYTHING ABOUT THIS IS OK!" he roared, lurching to his feet and storming from the room. His heart was pounding at his sudden outburst of rage as he grabbed his shoes by the door and rammed his feet into them. "David I didn't mean-" Chris attempted, stopping immediately when David punched the wall nearest to the door, slamming his right hand into it with full force, yelling out in pain and anger. "Stop it! You're going to hurt yourself," Chris said, approaching him, David backed up immediately, clasping his right hand with his left and backing away fearfully. "Don't come any closer," he warned and Chris froze, raising both hands slowly as if in surrender, obviously confused and concerned at the sudden erratic behaviour of his bondmate. David stared at him for a few seconds before flinging the door open and storming out. Chris fought his instinct to chase him and took a deep steadying breath, standing in the hall and just staring at the door. David did his best to ignore the throbbing in his hand as he walked as fast as his legs would carry him away from the house. He felt like he was suffocating and wanted to crawl out of his own skin. He fumbled for his communicator only to discover he had left the device at home, as well as his keys, so he was completely on his own. Once he was a few blocks away and sure enough that Chris wasn't following him he allowed himself to stop and think where he wanted to actually go. He needed to talk to someone but he couldn't deal with talking to Chris about any of this, it was just too painful and humiliating. His mind settled on someone he trusted completely and he knew wouldn't judge him or think any differently of him, and he set off in the direction of her apartment. Joanna wasn't home when he arrived, so he sat outside the building huddled against the wall and freezing until she appeared what felt like at least an hour later as the light was beginning to fade. "David? What's going on? Shit, what happened to your hand?" she asked as she approached. He looked at his right hand, it was very bruised and swollen across his knuckles, and it wouldn't surprise him if he'd broken something. "I went one round with the wall. Wall won," he shrugged, voice cracking as his eyes filled with tears he couldn't control. "Can I come in? I need… someone to talk to," he breathed and she set her hands on his shoulders, looking at him neutrally which was somehow easier than the pity that always clung to Chris' features whenever he met his eyes now. "Come inside, we can get you some ice on your hand and a glass of something strong and you can talk to me about anything," she assured, letting them into the building and leading the way through to the elevator, staying silent for the ride up and then letting them into her apartment. "Quinn isn't due home tonight; he's on a survival expedition out in the Mojave for a few days so you don't have to worry about anyone coming back when we're talking, ok? It's just you and me, and anything you want to tell me is safe here and only between us," she assured as she headed for the kitchen area and he nodded, sinking into the couch and kicking off his shoes, pulling his knees up to his chest and hugging them there with his left arm, right hand dangling uselessly. "This might be broken," she said, picking up his right hand carefully and helping him to lower it into a bowl she had filled with water and crushed ice. "Want to tell me why you punched the wall?" she asked, sitting beside him and he took a deep breath, closing his eyes. "Because I can't have sex with Chris," he said bluntly and she was silent for a few seconds. "So I have no business prying into your private life like this, but you're gonna have to be more specific," she said in her typical tone of pulling no punches and he chewed his lip. "Christmas day, when I was drunk when we got home. He took Thomas and put him down for the night, I was drunk and… well, I can get a little… handsy… when I've been drinking. So he came back into our room and I basically begged him for it, I just… I hate feeling like he's wrapping me up and keeping me safe from everything right now… I just wanted to feel normal. So we were starting to fool around a little… and well… my body wouldn't get on board with the proceedings, if you catch my drift," he finished in a mumble, pink blush flooding into his cheeks. Joanna was silent for a few moments before she opened her mouth to speak, and then closed it again. "Spit it out," David said irritably after she repeated this a few more times. "What… uh… what happened to you on that Orion ship?" she asked and his blush darkened. "That's private," he said, trying to sound firm but the waver in his voice giving him away. "C'mere," she said, and without another word she wrapped him tightly in her arms. He fought back tears that stung at his eyes, and when they parted was surprised to see that his older sister had tears on her face too. "I was hoping… I thought maybe… nothing happened," she mumbled and he chewed his bottom lip. "It… I don't remember it. Not really. Somebody fought the guy off. Stopped him, before… it wasn't as bad as it could have been…" he trailed off and she shuddered. "Whatever happened is bad enough. I'm sorry, really… I'm so sorry," she said, drawing a complete blank of what else she could really say following this revelation. "It's ok. I haven't told anybody except Chris. Not directly anyway. I think Mom and Dad know, and Leo and Emily probably too." "Dad and Carol definitely suspect it, I know Carol tried to pull up your medical records and they've been sealed, so they certainly have their suspicions." "So yeah. I guess now you know. And now… I have this problem," he said and she nodded. "I mean I imagine that must be a fairly normal thing, to feel nervous about any kind of sexual contact after a traumatic experience," she said sympathetically and he exhaled heavily. "So do you think I need to see a shrink? To get over this in my mind? I mean… I like sex as much as the next guy, I'd like to be able to do it again someday," he said, laying a thick sarcastic tone over his words to lighten how heavy the conversation really was. "I think probably yes. Your body is healed but your mind isn't, and you need to work through whatever damage is there that's stopping you from… y'know," she trailed off and he raised an eyebrow before burying his face in his hands with embarrassment. "Oh god. I can't believe I'm honestly sitting here telling my sister about my inability to get a boner. This is honestly the worst day of my life," he groaned dramatically and she laughed heartily. "The worst day of your life so far," Joanna pointed out helpfully and David groaned. "Well, at least you know I would never judge you. So how's Chris been about the whole situation? Because it must have been a while now for you guys right? If it's been well over three months since you left for the mission?" she asked and David mentally counted back. She was right. It had been well over three months since he left for the mission and he and Chris had been intimate for the last time. "He's handling it fine. He's being super annoying actually… being all extra nice and 'oh don't be embarrassed' and 'it's ok if you can't, I don't mind' and all of this sappy bullshit. It's kind of making it worse," he admitted, scratching the back of his head and Joanna sighed, giving him an impatient look. "What?!" David asked indignantly and Joanna rolled her eyes. "He's basically handling this situation as sensitively as he possibly can, and you're sat here complaining about it. That kind of makes you a bit of an asshole," she pointed out and he thought for a second before sighing. "Damn it Jo, why are you always right about everything?" Four hours later David arrived home with his two broken metacarpals repaired and a fresh determination to resolve his problem. He'd checked on a list of approved therapists from Starfleet and with Joanna's support had commed one name that stood out to him, the part-Vulcan therapist Seren had seen after Jim's death, and Leo had seen to help him through his own issues. He'd come up with an idea that David thought might be a good solution for him and Chris, and also made an appointment for later that week for David to go in and see him, the offer open for Chris to go along too if he wanted to. David sheepishly rang the door chime, waiting for Chris to come and let him in. Leo came to the door and rolled his eyes at him by way of a greeting before walking away from the open door. "He's in the kitchen, stressing about how he isn't handling whatever is going on between you guys sensitively enough," Leo shot over his shoulder as he headed back upstairs and David kicked off his shoes, closing the door. It was late enough that Thomas was already up in bed, so David headed for the kitchen, expecting to find Chris ready for an argument. "Hey," he said cautiously as he rounded the corner to find Chris sat at the table working on a PADD. "Hey," he glanced up "You get your hand fixed?" "Yeah. I broke two of the little bones," David shifted awkwardly and Chris nodded. "Yeah I uh… I felt it through the bond," he said uncomfortably and David nodded, looking down at the floor for a few seconds before looking back to Chris, finding his eyes still locked on him. "I've picked a therapist and made an appointment," David said quietly and Chris nodded. "That's good. I think it'll help you. If you want me to come with you I can do that, but also if you want me to leave it alone and let you handle it yourself I can do that too," he said evenly and David finally let himself meet Chris' eyes properly, this time holding his gaze. "I think maybe the first one I need to go alone, but then after that I'd maybe want you to come along? Can I see how they go?" "Of course. I can be as involved as you want," Chris said with a small smile. David tried his best to return it but wasn't sure how convincing his face was. All he could feel was uncertainty over if everything would ever feel normal between them again, and he knew he hadn't shielded it well from the bond when Chris stood up and crossed the room to him, standing just in front of him and still holding their eye-contact that was growing increasingly intense. Chris reached out with his left hand and took David's, the younger man sighing in relief as soothing thoughts smothered the turmoil inside his own mind like a thick blanket suffocating a fire. "I'm here for you, whatever you need," Chris mumbled sincerely and David gave him a small smile, a genuine one this time. "I appreciate it. More than I know how to say," he admitted, voice wavering a little. "You don't have to say it, I already know," Chris said, gathering David into his arms and holding him tightly. They stayed that way for a long few moments, just holding each other contentedly until a throat clearing behind them make them both look up. "Are you guys done gaying all over the kitchen now? I want to make food," Leo interrupted from the doorway and Chris snorted indignantly, David rolling his eyes. "Let's go be gay in a different room," said Chris, poking his tongue out at his twin as he led David from the room and upstairs by the hand. "It's fucking busy, especially for new years!" David yelled to Leo over the volume of the support band. "Yeah it's sold out," he replied and David's eyebrow shot up. "They sold it out?" "Yeah. Exciting right?!" Leo enthused, politely clapping as the support act finished their final song and began to vacate the stage. "Since when did Emily's bands sell out anywhere?" "I don't know man, this new album they have coming is pretty different, in a good way. One song got leaked and since then everyone has been all over it. I mean… the particular song it was I wish it hadn't got out but hey, these things happen I guess," he shrugged and David nodded. He was all too familiar with the song that had been leaked. It was the first time Emily had been able to bring herself to write about Jim, or the baby she and Leo had lost. The song in question was deeply personal, and finally addressed the topic that she had widely skirted around in any other lyrics she had written. She'd been incredibly upset when part of the demo had got out, but it had been widely praised as perhaps the most honest thing she'd ever written and the surrounding media buzz had brought some welcome attention to the band, selling out a few of their upcoming shows. "They're gonna play it tonight, she's already warned me. The full version, not the shitty leaked half a version that got out. I've never even heard the whole thing so I'm kind of nervous," Leo admitted and David nodded. "I'm sure it'll sound great. She's been on top form recently," he said and Leo nodded in agreement. Since they had bonded, Leo had noticed Emily had definitely had fewer of her recurrent problems with her voice and he wondered if somehow he was helping. Chris returned from the bar with their drinks and with Joanna and Tucker now in tow. The five chatted easily and sipped from their various drinks as they waited eagerly for the stage set-up to be complete and for Emily's band to come out. The venue was filling out even further now and they were pushed forward and more tightly together as the room became completely full. Leo couldn't help but notice the way Chris stood behind David amongst the crowd, pressed against his back with his arms protectively wrapped around him. He focused his energy on sending Emily positive thoughts through their bond and settled into chatting with the others and waiting until the house lights went down and an excited buzz spread over the room. He could make out dark shadows emerging onto the stage and the crowd began screaming and clapping as they began to play what he recognised as an introduction to an older song before Emily burst out onto the stage and bounded to her microphone. "San Francisco! Let's fucking do this!" The crowd exploded in response and the band kicked into the song properly. Emily was as flawless as ever, but was certainly paying more attention to her stage presence than Leo had ever seen her do before. She barely stood still for a second, making sure to use all of the space available on the larger stage than she was used to, and at one point ending up standing up on top of one of the large speakers and taking a dramatic leap into the crowd. The crowd themselves were good, jumping and dancing as instructed and when the moment called for it. During one of the heavier songs Leo lost sight of Chris and David only to spot them a few moments later being swirled around inside of a mosh-pit that had opened up. They played for over an hour, until he could tell that Emily's energy was really fading. "This is our last song," she began to explain, slightly out of breath and finally returning to her mic stand and setting the microphone back into place. "I think probably a lot of you have heard part of it. It got out. It sucks but that's something that happens sometimes," she paused, looking out over the crowd. "It's kind of a personal one, and it's about two people who I think about every day and especially this time of year… and it can be hard, and sometimes it can feel like you're living in a bad dream but you have to just keep going," she paused again, meeting Leo's eyes in the crowded room, their bond thrumming with adrenaline and anxiety and raw emotion. "This song is called Everywhere," she said, taking a swig from her water bottle as the guitar alone began and she took a deep breath, still keeping her eyes on Leo amongst the crowd as she began to sing. "For all of the world I'd tell you tonight dear That I pray for God for you to be here I look for a sign, something to remind me you'll find me So when I'm alone I know you're beside me," Emily's voice cracked and she closed her eyes tightly and she drew in a deeper breath, pushing for more power in her voice and reaching one hand up towards the ceiling. "'Cause you're never really gone, No, you're never really gone… I feel you everywhere, And when it rains You're in the air Touched by the sight like a memory And when you're gone I'm in your arms Watch over me I feel you everywhere." Leo fought against tears burning at his eyes. He didn't want to press at the bond too much while she was performing and distract her, but he knew she could feel his emotions too and was fighting to keep it together as they began the second verse. "And all I can hope Is that you have found peace While I journey on Your flame I will carry." As the second chorus began Emily jumped down into the gap between the stage and the crowd, the crowd surging forwards as everyone tried to touch her outstretched hand, a security guard behind her holding her back by the belt. Leo had to get to her. He forced his way through the crowd until he was in the front row, clutching the metal barrier and within a few seconds Emily was directly in front of him. She stopped there and took his hand tightly, pressing her forehead to his as she let lose all of the power she had left in her voice for the closing bridge of the song and reached for some notes that Leo knew were at the very edge of her vocal range. "I feel you everywhere, I feel you everywhere." The final note died out as the room erupted and Emily pulled her face back just far enough from Leo that he could see the tears shining on her cheeks. He squeezed her hand and leaned in to kiss her. It was as if there was nobody else in the room. "I'm sorry… I know… it's too personal I just… I… I had to get it out," she mumbled against his lips. "I had no idea how you felt about it all. You should talk to me more, open up a little," he encouraged. "Yeah. Yeah maybe," she nodded in agreement. "I think you have some business to wrap up and then we can talk after?" he offered and she grinned, coming back to realisation that she needed to end off the show properly. She kissed him quickly and clambered back up onto the stage, wiping her face with her hands and the crowd applauded. She linked arms with the guys in the band as they all took a bow and then ran off to the side of the stage. Come to the dressing room, they know you and they'll let you through. Leo smiled at the clearly projected message through their bond and squeezed back through the crowd to find the others and tell them where he was going. "Come find us for midnight!" Chris called after him as Leo took off running for the dressing rooms. Security let him through and it only took him seconds to find Emily. "I… I had no idea how you felt about it all. And I… I mean it, I don't want you to think I never realised how much losing Jim hurt you too, I was selfish and I never considered how you might have needed help as much as I did and… god that was… amazing. The whole room had chills I'm sure of it," he gushed and she gave a weak smile, pushing her sweaty hair back off her face. "My voice hurts," she mumbled as he gathered her into his arms. "I'll find you some honey and lemon, and we need to go and find the others for midnight or we're going to be late," he said letting her go and she nodded. "I need to help the guys load out. Can you see if maybe Chris and David mind helping us pack some stuff up in the van? Two more pairs of hands would help save a lot of time," she said as he glanced at the clock on the wall behind her. Ten-thirty. The venue had an early curfew because of a new year's eve party happening after the show, but they were heading elsewhere. Scotty traditionally threw a party on new year's eve and this year instead of hosting it at his house, he had announced the party was taking place in a secret undisclosed location and they would be being beamed in at eleven thirty sharp. Leo rounded up his twin and David to help pack up and shift all of the bands gear as Emily sipped on hot honey and lemon and helped where Leo allowed her. She seemed exhausted and shaky and normally he would have no objection to her handling heavy band equipment if she wanted to, but she seemed so wrung out that tonight he had insisted on her sitting aside as he did her share of packing up. Joanna and Quinn made their excuses for not beaming up to Scotty's secretive party and left early, heading there without the use of the transporter instead. Before long it was time for their beam out. The band was all packed up and the venue was refilling with the party-goers for the evening as the four snuck out through the back way and into the cold night air. "Four to beam out Scotty, but please don't beam us if you've already been drinking. I don't want to end up switching bodies with Chris and having to kiss David, that would be disgusting," Leo smirked into his communicator and David rolled his eyes. "Aye laddie, I've gotcha," the Scotsman responded and a few seconds later they rematerialized on the roof of a building. It took Leo a few seconds to get his bearings but he soon realised where they were. "The roof of HQ?! Scotty! You're the man!" he laughed as Scotty excitably worked his way through the crowd to greet them. "Aye. Well I cannae stand tha' Mitchell so I figured this is a lovely big middle finger to 'im. If anyone comes up from the stairwell they just see an empty rooftop, we're all hidden," he grinned, indicating a device over by the doorway into the stairwell that was providing camouflage for the rooftop. "I love it. And the view from up here is great," he smiled, looking around again but then noticing a familiar little boy wandering away from a man with dark hair flecked with grey who had his back turned. "Hang on. Nephew problems," he said, excusing himself from the conversation and dashing off to grab Thomas and lift him up, sitting him on his shoulders. "Thomas McCoy! What are you doing at the grown up party? Hmm? And why are you wandering away from Grandpa Bones like this?" he asked and Thomas giggled and squirmed. "Damn it. I need eyes in the back of my head," Bones grumbled as he realised where Thomas had gone. "What's he doing here Bones?" "Well, we were hanging out at home watching cartoons, but then he couldn't sleep. And then I couldn't sleep, and Carol is working, and Scotty had invited me and I figured why not. I'm not drinking, and I thought maybe David might want him here for midnight, I know he felt bad about leaving him with me tonight," he said and Leo nodded. "Yeah. He's really taking to this whole fatherhood thing." "Do you want to go find your dad?" Leo offered up to Thomas who nodded eagerly, looking around the rooftop and spotting David and Chris over on the side closest to the bay, looking out with their backs to the party. "Do you see him right over there?" Leo asked and Thomas nodded. "Go get him," he said, setting him down and watching him run off at full speed. He smiled as he watched him arrive at David's side and alert him to his presence by tugging on his sleeve. David picked him up and spun him around with a big smile. He noticed Leo and Bones watching and gave them a wave before turning back to Chris. "They're adorable, right?" Leo smiled and the doctor nodded. "I think they'll have a second one before we know it," he said and Leo spluttered. "What?!" "I have a theory. I haven't been able to prove it yet, but once your brother stops ducking me and I can get a good look at him there might be big news," he said cryptically and Leo frowned. "Chris? Pregnant? Bones you're kidding me! There's no way!" Leo laughed and the doctor raised an eyebrow. "I'll bet you… a hundred credits and you can wash my car for a month," he said, offering his hand. Leo looked at the hand and then up to his face. "I'll raise you to two hundred credits, and I'll clean your car and bring you coffee to your office, because I'm telling you Bones he's just fat," he said, clasping the doctors hand firmly and shaking it, then heading off to circulate the crowd for a while before finding Emily again a few minutes before midnight. Leo found her chatting with Nyota and a few others near to where the bar had been set up and stole her away. "Leo! Where are we going?!" she giggled as he grabbed her and scooped her up bridal style, causing one of her shoes to slip off her foot. "I need my shoe!" she protested as he carried her away in the direction of a quieter corner of the large roof. As he'd requested of them, David and Chris and Joanna and Quinn were already nearer to that corner, as well as Bones, and Carol had snuck out of her office and up to the roof in her uniform, but Emily hadn't spotted her yet. "Nah you don't, let's get rid of this other one too," he laughed, snatching her other shoe and dropping it on the floor. She laughed and protested weakly until they reached the edge of the roof and he set her down. "I feel short now," she protested, looking up at him. She was around five-eight but against his six feet and two inches she did seem short without her shoes. "Well, those stupid things were hurting your feet, you shouldn't end this year in pain," he pointed out with a raised eyebrow and she opened her mouth to argue before closing it again and grinning. "You're right. My feet were killing me in those stupid things. But now my feet are cold," she pouted and he frowned. "You do look cold, do you need my jacket? I mean, I don't want you seeing out the year cold either," he grinned, slipping his jacket off and offering it to her. She hesitated and folded her arms across her chest. "So how do you want me seeing out this year then?" she asked suspiciously. He pulled the black velvet box out of his jacket pocket and threw the garment around her shoulders, dropping to one knee and taking her hand. "As my fiancé?" he offered, opening the box and looking up at her as the ten second countdown began around them. Her hand was trembling where it gripped his and her other hand shot up to cover her mouth in shock. "Leo…" "Emily Rose McCoy, will you marry me?" he asked nervously, the world around them seeming to fade out to nothing but the connection between their minds. After what felt like hours Leo was dragged to his feet, barely reacting fast enough to catch her in time as Emily jumped up and wrapped her arms around his neck and her legs around his waist and kissed him like her life depended on it as the boom of the midnight fireworks echoed around them. "Is that a yes?" he mumbled against her lips as she pulled back to steal a breath. "Yes," she beamed, kissing him again. Around them most of the other couples were wrapped up in their own partners. Joanna and Quinn shared a kiss as the clock struck midnight, his hand creeping to rest subtly on the very slight curve of her belly. A few feet away Leonard and Carol exchanged a tender kiss before Carol noticed what was happening between Emily and Leo and they both stopped to watch with bated breath. Chris had been in on Leo's plan and had set up a hidden camera to capture the moment, and he'd snuck a glance at them before he'd taken a shy looking David into his arms. "We're in public," David pointed out and Chris grinned. "That's why I love you, your incredible observation skills," he chuckled, cupping his face with one hand and pressing their lips together firmly, other hand at his waist. It took a second for David to respond and when he did Chris felt his heart skip. David pulled back far too soon and was grinning when Chris opened his eyes again. "Your brother is down on one knee over there," David pointed out. "Mhm, he did warn me. Now we just have to fight them off for the best wedding date this summer." "Summer? Why wait? I was thinking spring. I was also thinking that our handsome little man didn't get a midnight kiss," David said, scooping Thomas up between them and holding him securely. "Oh no! He didn't. What are we gonna do about that?" Chris asked and David grinned as they simultaneously kissed him on either side of the head. He squealed with laughter and fought against David's grip until he set him down. "I like big boom!" Thomas said enthusiastically as the fireworks continued to go off around them. "Uh oh, are you gonna grow up to be a pyromaniac?" Chris asked and Thomas tilted his head in confusion at the long word. "So did you know that Uncle Leo just asked Aunt Emily if she'll marry him, isn't that exciting?" David asked and Thomas nodded, not really understanding. "I needed to ask you a big important question too Thomas. Is that ok? Can you give me a serious answer?" he asked and Thomas nodded sincerely. "I wanted to ask if you like living with me and Chris?" he asked and Thomas cracked a wide smile, nodding enthusiastically. "You're the best dad and Chris is the best Chris even when he makes it bedtime," he said with a small pout and David threw his head back and laughed. "He is the best Chris. I wanted to ask you Thomas, if there was a way Chris could be your dad too, would you like that?" David asked carefully and Thomas looked confused and then frowned. "No. Dad is you," he explained and David nodded. "That's right. But you're allowed… you're allowed to have two dads, if you want. I know Chris would really like it if he got to be your dad aswell. What do you say?" David asked and Chris thought his heart was going to burst out of his chest. Thomas looked like he was deciding the fate of the universe within his young mind. "I think yes?" he said uncertainly. "One dad is fun so maybe two dads means more bedtime stories?" he asked innocently and Chris cracked up laughing, tears stinging at his eyes. David grinned and turned to him, pulling a small PADD out of his jacket pocket. "In that case… Mr. Kirk, I filed some paperwork this week… if you want to sign it. I'd love it if you would formally adopt Thomas, and I think he'd like it too," he said, holding out the PADD. "It would be… an honour," Chris said in a voice that sounded very much unlike his own. Chris' fingers were trembling as he accepted the PADD, and he was barely even aware of Thomas clinging on around his legs as he skim-read the document and confirmed his identity with his thumb-print. "Ok, I was totally too shocked to read that properly, so I hope I didn't just sign my life away to you right now," he grinned and David shrugged. "Not to me. To him." "Well," Chris looked down at the young boy hanging onto his legs with his innocent, wide brown eyes and adorable frown and then back up to his father, blue eyes reflecting the colours of the fireworks still going off around them and hope spread all across his face. "I think signing my life away to both of you isn't such a bad thing. C'mere. Family hug. First official one," he grinned, finding himself choked up as he lifted Thomas up to hug between himself and David. He felt slightly shaky and in awe of what had just happened as they joined the others in congratulating Emily and Leo. "You break her heart and I'll break you," Bones said firmly to Leo as he gave him a congratulatory hug. "Wouldn't dream of it Bones. She's going to be safe with me. I'm going to take the best care of her," Leo said fondly, pushing Emily's hair aside and kissing her cheek. "And all the babies we're going to make," Emily said determinedly and Leonard raised an eyebrow. Leo smirked. "And, apparently, all the babies we're going to make," Leo smirked at the expression on the doctors face as he turned and walked away from the couple. "Speaking of which. Wanna go home and practice?" Emily asked Leo in a low voice that was missed by everybody except for Chris with his higher than average hearing. Leo blushed slightly as Chris caught his eye. "You know, in fact, as my engagement gift to you two please take this and go find yourselves a fancy hotel room for the night. Somewhere with a hot tub and champagne," Chris said, pulling his credit chip out of his pocket and offering it to Leo. "Really?" he asked suspiciously. "Yeah. And then maybe we need to all sit down later this week and talk about our living arrangements, because our place isn't really big enough with Thomas too. And plus if David and I have to listen to you two fucking one more time I think we're both going to need therapy," he said seriously and Leo and Emily both giggled. "How much money is on here?" Leo asked and Chris rolled his eyes. "Enough. Go find somewhere nice, treat yourselves," he said. "I don't know if I can accept this," Leo said seriously, offering the credit chip back. "Sure we can, he said it was a gift," Emily interrupted, pulling Leo's hand back and giving him a meaningful look. "Leo it's rude to keep a lady waiting, get out of here," Chris instructed and they didn't need to be told again, bidding their goodbyes to the group before leaving the party hand in hand with huge grins on their faces. David sidled over to Chris and sighed as he leant against his shoulder, holding a now sleeping Thomas in his arms with the young boys face nestled into his neck as he slept. "Is that what it looks like when you're freshly engaged and all excited about it?" he asked glumly and Chris smirked. "Yep. I realise we didn't quite get that. But you can also have a fancy hotel for the night if you'd like?" Chris offered and David shook his head. "I'd rather just have our bed." "With Thomas in the middle of us?" Chris asked and David laughed. "Well where else is he going to sleep? He steals all the blanket if he's on the edge." "Maybe in his own bed?" Chris suggested helpfully and David pouted. "But he's all cuddly and adorable." "You used to want to cuddle me. I've been replaced," Chris smirked and David grinned. "Well. You're still my second favourite," he said cheerily, giving Chris a swift kiss on the cheek as they took each other's hands and began to head home from the party.
A/N Hey guys, sorry for the monumentally long time its been since I last updated this story. Life happened ha. Here's c.39, c.40 is also already written so I'll post that out in a week or so! Chapter Thirty-Nine "I just thought that by now maybe I'd be finding things easier, y'know?" David sighed, slumping a little further down into the too-firm couch in Soren's office. The Vulcan remained stubbornly upright in his own seat opposite. "There is no time limit on moving past a traumatic event. You cannot compare your own experience to that of others. Your mind is unique to you, and how you process your own traumas is unique to your mind," he said in his level voice. "Chris is acting funny. I think he's hiding something from me," David blurted out and Soren looked at him neutrally. "What makes you suspect this?" "He's just acting weird. He's been cagey, he hasn't been trying to initiate anything between us… y'know, sexually. I wonder if he's seeing someone behind my back. I wouldn't blame him if he was," David said bitterly, picking at a loose thread sticking out from his pant-leg and looking anywhere but at Soren. The last three months had been tough since he'd been recovered from the Orion ship, and their relationship was definitely under some real strain. "I do not believe Kirk would dishonour your bond in such a manner." "You've never even met the guy, I don't know if you're qualified to judge his character," David responded snarkily and Soren bristled. "I have indeed met Christopher Kirk, when you almost fell to your death after the incident based out of Starfleet London. I observed him completely devoted to your wellbeing, and that of his twin. He displayed great care for you," he said and David rolled his eyes. "But that was then, things are so different now." "He adopted your son without hesitation and co-parents him as if he is his own biological child. He clearly intends to spend the rest of his life with you as his bondmate, and should your relationship continue to progress as anticipated, husband." "We haven't set a date for that yet. I don't know if it's still happening," David quickly backtracked. "I am certain that Kirk is a man of his word, and a man who respects his bond, his fiancée, his new family that he is building. David, I am certain that you need not trouble yourself with such fears. You also state that Kirk has stopped making physical advances towards you, you could consider, perhaps, that he has adjusted his behaviour so as not to cause you further distress. You have mentioned an inability to… as you phrased it, 'perform' and this is a source of great embarrassment and upset. He can feel this through your bond; no human has the ability to shield such powerful emotions. He is acting with your best interests at heart. Does he still tell you of his feelings towards you?" Soren asked and David closed his eyes for a second, feeling guilty for even considering the thought that Chris would cheat on him. "He tells me all the time," he admitted without opening his eyes. "And your bond, is it secure? Do you feel his affection and love for you through this medium also?" he pressed and David nodded. "Yeah. And he's taking such good care of me… he's always there when I need him even though all I've done is try my hardest to push him away. And the whole thing with Thomas… he's handling it so well. He really does love him and he's accepted him completely into our lives and I just… god I feel like an asshole now. I know he's not having an affair I just… feel like he's hiding something," David mumbled guiltily, shifting again in the couch. "And what do you suspect he may be hiding, if it is not an affair?" Soren asked and David shrugged. "Beats me doc. I have no idea." *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Chris made it through breakfast in the Academy canteen with Leo without vomiting. He avoided coffee, fruit, dairy and anything else that he had developed an aversion to over the past couple of weeks. Leo seemed completely oblivious as he babbled happily about engineering department matters. Joanna McCoy spotted them across the room and came over to join, cadet reds now beginning to reveal a small baby bump developing. "Preggers, good morning," Leo greeted with a cheery wave and she scowled at him. "Ignore him Jo, you look great. Hungry?" Chris smirked as he eyed her tray that was piled with nearly everything available. "A little. Now I've stopped puking every five minutes the kid wants me to eat everything within a ten mile radius," she sighed as she sat down and began to tuck into her fruit salad. "Are they moving yet? Like can you feel it?" Leo asked curiously and Joanna made an indecisive face. "Maybe a little bit? Like fluttering. Be a couple months before they start kicking the hell outta me. Quinn is so sure we're having a boy. He just wants someone to play soccer with I think," she smiled and took a sip from her decaff coffee. Chris caught a whiff of the drink and fought the urge to retch, picking up his own herbal tea and sniffing it to clear the scent of the coffee from his nose. "Hey! I play soccer with him!" Leo protested and Joanna laughed. "Yeah, but you hand him his ass every single time." "Well… he should try harder," Leo shrugged and Chris felt the colour draining from his face as he felt exactly the sensation Joanna had just described within his own abdomen. Fluttering. He'd noticed it about a week before just after hitting the gym with David and he'd written it off as maybe muscle cramp after a difficult workout. David was pushing him hard recently but he wasn't complaining, desperate to build some muscle mass. "Chris? Hellooooo?" Leo was waving his hand in front of his face. "What?" he snapped, coming back to his senses. "We were just talking about the wedding. I was going over the final numbers for hotel rooms at the venue, I'm reserving them tonight for everyone in the wedding party. Do you and David want one too?" Joanna asked and Chris looked at her blankly for a second. "Oh uh. Yeah. Sure. Can we have two? Adjoining?" he asked and Joanna gave him a knowing look. "Sure. They can give you kiddies bed for Thomas in your own room though, or you guys could get the extra huge bed so there's room for three," she pointed out and Chris pinched the bridge of his nose. "Uh yeah, ok sure, just get us one. We'll figure it out." "Uh oh. Separate beds. Trouble in paradise?" Leo asked and Chris aimed a kick at him under the table." "Not in public you asshole," he hissed and Joanna looked concerned. "Are you guys really sleeping in separate beds?" she asked in a low voice and Chris sighed. "No, we aren't sleeping in separate beds. We're just only sleeping in the same bed, if you catch my drift," he said, taking a sip from his tea to try and settle his churning stomach. "Dry spell? Be honest – does Thomas keep cock-blocking you?" Leo asked with a smirk and Chris sighed heavily. "We are not having this conversation right now," he said firmly and Leo's smirk widened. "If you need me and Emily to watch the little man for a couple of days just ask. We aren't having any trouble in that department whenever we actually get to see each other so uh... shouldn't be a problem," he said with a theatrical wink. "I gotta go, got class," Chris forced out, getting up from the table and hurrying towards the bathroom and his stomach gave a threatening lurch. "Chris are you ok? You're really pale!" Leo called after him, Joanna giving him a quizzical look. He hurried into the men's room and locked himself in a cubicle. His stomach gave a few more worrying surges and he tried to breathe through it. He'd become better at controlling his need to throw up all the time. David had enough on his plate without worrying about this too, so he'd become very good at hiding it. He'd now been home from his time in captivity aboard the Orion ship for just over three months and in that time had been under huge stress taking a lot of training and then exams to fast-track becoming a personal trainer so he could remain at the academy as an instructor in the fitness department on campus. He was doing it so he could stay planetside for Thomas' sake. Chris secretly suspected part of the reason was also that he was perhaps too afraid to go back out just yet. "Chris? Are you in here?" Leo's voice echoed and Chris sighed, backing up against the wall of the cubicle. "Christopher?" he asked more insistently, now banging on the door of the cubicle he was occupying. "Trying to take a shit dearest brother of mine, what do you need?" he lied weakly. "Unless you're sitting side-saddle then I'm calling bullshit. I can see your feet Chris. Open the damn door," he pressed and Chris took a deep breath before opening the lock. "Are you ok? You look all sweaty," Leo pressed, practically barging into the tiny cubicle with his twin, pressing his hand against his forehead to feel his temperature. Chris caught his wrist and pushed him away. "I'm fine. Maybe I ate something bad," he lied casually, walking over to the sinks and taking a handful of water and splashing it on his face. "Do you want to get a coffee later? The place off campus that does the awesome caramel lattes?" Leo asked and Chris caught his eye in the mirror. "Uh… a tea maybe, not coffee." "The dairy thing, right? You've had it going on since before Christmas." "Yep. Just a little bit of lactose intolerance," Chris said, shoving his hands under the dryer and trying to ignore Leo's insistent gaze in the mirror. "Alright bro, I'll see you around," Leo said, finally dropping it and leaving him alone though not sounding entirely convinced. Chris lasted about ten seconds after Leo left before he was back in the cubicle and his stomach was violently ejecting his breakfast. He stayed completely still when he was done, just letting the fresh wave of fear wash over him. He'd been wondering and worrying on and off for the last few weeks but his symptoms only seemed to be getting worse, and only seemed to be indicating one thing. He'd been cagey with David and had tried to hide it, but there was only so much longer he could keep doing that before he'd have to tell him about his suspicions. It scared him more than he cared to admit. The possibility that he could be carrying a child. Their child. Bones had confirmed a couple of years ago that he wasn't able to, that he wasn't equipped to, and that even if he was, it would be so dangerous with the strain it would put on his body that it couldn't possibly be viable. "Keep it together Kirk. You're fine. Walk it off. It's all in your head," he told himself sternly in the mirror, rinsing out his mouth and heading out to go about his days business at the academy. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK~*~*~*~*~* The next morning Chris was awoken at the unholy hour of six in the morning by a hyperactive David who was already in his jogging kit. "Get up Christopher, we've got running to do." "Fuck off." "Nope. Not part of the deal. You asked me to get you into shape, and one of the most effective ways to lose body fat is fasted cardio. Meaning: running in the morning before you start eating, now up," he ordered, trying to drag Chris by the arm out of the warm bed. "It isn't even fucking light outside," Chris hissed as he threw the blankets off himself in a strop and stormed into the bathroom to take a leak. "Good. Now get your ass changed and meet me downstairs in three minutes. Don't make me come back up here," he warned, pulling on his shoes and heading to leave the room. "Don't make me come back up here," Chris repeated in a mocking high-pitched voice. "Wow. Mature. More complaining just means more running. Next time you open your mouth to bitch at me, you get an extra mile added to your bid," David warned and Chris scowled, but wisely kept his mouth closed. The early morning run was exactly as hellish as Christopher feared, particularly given that David ran him all the way to the waterfront and along the path towards Fort Point, finally relenting and allowing them to turn back when they were almost in the foggy shadow of the Golden Gate Bridge. "How far is it to get home?" Chris panted, stopping at the side of the path to try and catch his breath, clutching his chest through his oversized tee. His ribcage felt like someone had rattled him halfway to falling apart, but Bones had cleared him for this type of exercise, he'd just never actually done anything heavy impact since pre-injury. He grounded himself by pinching the roll of fat that clung around his mid-section, hard. "Pretty far. Do you need to walk some? Maybe I've been too tough on you for the first session of running," David said uncertainly, pushing his sweaty hair back off his forehead that was tinted a healthy pink from running in the cold wind. "Yeah, I think my options at this point are walk or projectile vomit," Chris grimaced, clutching his stomach and beginning to walk miserably back the way they'd come. "Are you ok?" David asked and Chris nodded determinedly. "Good. Five minutes break, then we're running back," he said more firmly again and Chris nodded in resignation. Two weeks later Chris caught David frowning at him in the bedroom as he scrambled around for a clean uniform. "What? Am I sexy yet?" Chris asked as he stumbled around in his boxers, hair sticking up in every direction and still wet from the shower. David looked him up and down and smirked before giving him a firm kiss on the mouth. "You're always sexy." "But I'm getting kind of chubby, right?" Chris asked, frowning down at his own abdomen that was ever so slightly bloated, a small layer of fat that he'd never had before hanging over his waistband "You're not chubby, don't even start saying that. You're just adjusting to me working you out like this. It's probably water retention or something." Chris rolled his eyes. "Water retention? Do I look like a fifty-something year old woman to you?" he asked and David smirked. "Sometimes," he answered cheekily and began to hurry from the room. "Oh no you didn't!" Chris protested indignantly, beginning to run after him. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* Over the next fortnight Christopher and David saw less of each other as they both grew incredibly busy. Chris was re-taking some exams that he'd failed narrowly when David had been held by the Orion's and he'd been distracted, and David was teaching extra fitness classes at the Academy gym after one of the other instructors had changed back to their Security Officer track and had stopped teaching. A few times Chris had walked past the main gymnasium when David was teaching, and spent a few seconds watching him through the glass as he instructed a room full of people lifting weights to pounding music. He was quickly developing a reputation as being stern but effective in getting results from people who needed to up their fitness, particularly with these group classes. Some of the cadets called it 'David McCoy's house of pain', David had heard of the nickname around and done nothing to discourage it, knowing only too well himself just how sore anyone participating in the class would be the next morning. On more than one occasion Leo caught his twin staring openly at David if he ever wandered the house without a shirt. He was broader shouldered than either of them, just built differently. McCoy had never been defined in the way Chris had once been, he had always had a stockier, more powerful build to him, and the added muscle he was putting on was making it difficult for Chris to keep his eyes off his bondmate. "Could you stop it?" David asked with a sigh one day as they did sit-ups in the gym on campus at the end of a tough session during a rare half-hour their workout time had overlapped. "What?" Chris asked indignantly. "Staring at me all the time?" "Well… could you stop looking so damn good? I want to lick the sweat off your abs right now," Chris grumbled, hauling himself off the mats and going to get a shower, leaving David flushed bright red with embarrassment and taking a proper look at himself in the mirror for the first time in what felt like a long time and realising in no time at all he'd gone from being in good shape to being in the best shape of his life. Life was also busy for Leo. With Emily away on tour he was working as many hours as he could get his hands on, often staying in the main Engineering bay until gone three in the morning, before reporting for duty again at zero-eight hundred after a few hours of rest. One morning he was sneaking in after three, just a few days before Joanna's wedding. He slipped off his boots by the door and tiptoed up the stairs silently, slipping into the bathroom to brush his teeth before he headed to bed and almost screaming in shock when he found a shadowy figure already in the bathroom hunched over the sink. "Jesus Christ! You scared the shit out of me," Leo hissed, one hand on his chest over his now racing heart. "Sorry," David said thickly, hastily wiping his face with his hands. "No, I'm sorry it was my fault. I shouldn't have been sneaking around, I was trying to make sure I didn't wake Thomas," Leo mumbled awkwardly as David kept his back to him. Leo's night vision was good enough to see his tearstained face reflected in the bathroom mirror above the sink and he hesitated for a second before speaking again. "Are you ok?" David sniffed again and nodded stiffly. "Sure. Just a bad dream," he said vaguely and Leo chewed his lip. "Is it… about whatever you talk to Soren about?" he asked softly and David turned to face him, resting his lower back against the sink. "How do you know about that?" "One time our appointments were accidentally back to back, I saw you leaving, but you didn't see me. You seemed in a hell of a hurry to get out of there," he whispered and David nodded. "Yeah. I usually am. It's not exactly a party," he mumbled, lunging for the roll of toilet paper and snagging it, tearing off a few sheets and bundling them up to dab at his face. "So what was your nightmare about?" Leo pressed and David looked at the floor for a second. "I was back on that Orion ship. It wasn't a nightmare… maybe a… I don't know… a memory? I remembered them dragging me by my hair, and it hurt a lot. And then he threw me into the room and pinned me to the bed and pushed my leg to the side and then… then… I woke up," he finished and Leo took a deep breath. "That's rough," he said, not really knowing what else to say. He hadn't actually expected David to open up about the contents of his dream and now that he had he was at a loss of how to respond. "Yeah. Pretty rough. And I'm pretty sure this one was a memory coming back and not just my wonderful imagination filling in the blanks. I'm… I'm honestly just waiting for the day when Chris throws me out and tells me he's done with all of this shit," David whispered, voice cracking as fresh tears spilled onto his face. "What? Why? Why would Chris ever throw you out? He's never going to leave you, not now and not ever and definitely not over you having some bad dreams," Leo said, taking a step closer, longing to reach out and touch the younger man, comfort him like he would if it were Emily who was upset. He and David didn't really ever touch each other, so he didn't want to overstep. "Leo… Chris and I… we haven't had sex for almost six months. The last time was before I went on the mission and now if I even touch him to try to cuddle or anything he shrugs me off, and we don't do any open mind-melds anymore, just really limited stuff, we barely share anything," David said flatly, looking up from the floor now and meeting Leo's eyes through the dim light of the room. "Wait… what?" Leo asked dumbly. His mind finally put two and two together and reached four, the pieces falling into place and an enormous surge of sympathy rising within him. "David I… I didn't know. I'm… I'm so sorry. I had no… I mean… I wondered, when you first got back, but then I thought maybe… I hoped and I guess I just put it out of my mind," he stumbled and David made a bitter sound. "Well, I wish I could put it out of my mind," he said miserably. "I mean this whole game is fun us being here and playing house and having Thomas, but ultimately I don't know if I can ever get back to what we had. And I think he wants what we had, and not what we have now. It's hard to explain," David mumbled, running his hands through his hair tiredly. "What did you guys have then? Your relationship before you went on the mission, describe it?" Leo asked and David chewed his lip, looking uncomfortable. "I mean… I don't know. Passionate? I don't know man. We just… we couldn't stop. From when we got up in the morning to when we'd go to bed at night it was just constant flirting and banter and these little touches and just… a lot of sex," he shrugged and Leo nodded. "So now it's all changed? You still flirt with each other, that tension is still there between you, I see it all the time between you guys. I actually didn't know that you weren't currently… y'know," Leo trailed off and made a crude hand gesture that David chuckled weakly at. "Yeah. We aren't. So basically I'm just waiting for the day when he tells me that it's fun but he doesn't want to live like some couple who've been married for fifty years and just kiss each other goodnight and maybe spoon once in a while. I know he has needs and I know that I'm not being a good partner or fiancé or bondmate or… whatever we even are. I just don't know," he sighed and Leo frowned, thinking for a long moment. "You're still attracted to him, right?" Leo asked and David raised an eyebrow. "Leo, you've seen him right? He's devastating. I can't keep my eyes off him. And I still… y'know, think about stuff, but never when he's around. I want to… but I'm scared. We've never been particularly gentle with each other but I wonder if maybe that's what I need," he trailed off and Leo tilted his head. "What do you mean never been particularly gentle with each other?" "Well you know. Sometimes we'd almost wrestle each other for it. We'd pin each other down and things usually would get pretty rough, but it was always exciting and we both liked it. But now I just… I don't know," he sighed. "You ever tell him any of this? I think he'd be heartbroken to know you've been holding back on wanting to try and resume your physical relationship because you're scared about asking him to change the pace. And besides, I still see into his mind sometimes when he's being lazy with his shields. He thinks about you non-stop, you aren't pushing him away in the way you think you are," Leo reassured and David looked hopeful. "Really? Because I feel like I'm pissing him off." "Well, yeah I mean sure I pick up sometimes that he's feeling frustrated, but not directed at you. Maybe you should try and talk to him about it, see if you can work on things? But please don't do it when I'm in the house because I don't need to be mentally scarred if I accidentally see or hear anything I don't need to. Just talk to him. I'm sure he'll be great about it," Leo said finally, setting his hand on David's shoulder briefly before leaving the room. A minute or so later when he had gathered his thoughts David crept back into bed, Chris stirring as he climbed back in. "Please no running," Chris mumbled sleepily and David chuckled. "It's three am, we're not going running. I just went to the bathroom. Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you," he said, curling into a ball with his back to the part-Vulcan. "Mm, are you okay?" Chris asked, shifting closer and sneaking an arm around his bondmates waist. He was conscious of that strange feeling in his stomach again as he shifted closer to his bondmate, almost like fluttering. He ignored it and told himself it was all in his head. "I'm fine," David mumbled back and Chris sighed. "You're worried I'm mad at you because of how long it's been since we slept together. You're worried that I'm going to cheat or leave or both," he said matter-of-factly and David sighed, closing his eyes tightly. "Chris can we not? It's really late, I'm really tired and-"he stopped talking immediately as Chris began to trail affectionate kisses over the back of his neck. "Please don't be embarrassed to talk to me about this," Chris pleaded as a deep mumble against the back of his neck. "Mmm'not," David protested weakly, keeping his eyes closed stubbornly and Chris chuckled. "I am capable of doing gentle and careful you know. I don't have to pin you against a wall, or pick you up and throw you around," the part-Vulcan offered and David blushed. "I was thinking maybe… once I get things a bit more figured out. What if uh… maybe we could uh…?" David began and trailed off, allowing Chris to complete the sentence through their physical contact and their minds. Prior to the mission they had fallen into a long stretch of more often than not David being on the bottom. They'd just both come to prefer it that way. "We can switch, I'd love to," Chris finally verbalised and David nodded stiffly. "Hey could I uh… could I share something with you for a second?" Chris asked, one hand ghosting gently up David's arm, over his neck and eventually settling on his face, right over his meld points. "Chris come on it's really late and I'm really tired and-" "I know. But I feel like this is important for us to do this right now. Because I know when I try to bring this back up tomorrow you'll duck the conversation," Chris pointed out and David sighed because he knew it was true. "Fine. Five minutes. Then I need to sleep, I've got a busy day tomorrow," he grumbled, closing his eyes and giving over to the meld as Chris carefully dipped into his mind, allowing him to pull him deeply into the meld. David's hands scrabbled for purchase on sweat-slick skin as he tried to push Chris's legs wider apart and higher, the bedsheets rubbing on his knees as he thrust powerfully forwards. Beneath him his bondmate was nearly incoherent with pleasure, gripping the sheets tightly, head tipped back, gasping with each inwards motion. "Fuck, harder," he panted out. The memory changed, they were in David's room at his parents' house now. Chris had one hand over David's mouth, the other with two fingers inside him, twisting and stretching and pressing on his prostate cruelly as they could hear Bones wandering around outside the room. David's teeth clamped down on Chris' other hand which was covering his mouth, his toes curling as Chris pressed particularly hard on his sweet spot. His eyes widened with alarm as he could now also hear his mother outside his bedroom door having come upstairs to assist in locating whatever it was her husband was looking for. Chris smirked and twisted his fingers particularly creatively and added a third, forcing a sharp exhale from David that was muffled by the large hand blocking his mouth as he came, spurting messily over his stomach and trying desperately to keep silent. The third memory had Chris beneath him again, looking so young. David recognised it as being a memory from early on in their relationship, not long after Chris got injured. "That's so good," Chris encouraged, hands rubbing over David's thighs as he exerted the muscles rising and falling slowly on the part-Vulcan's length. "How does that feel? Is it good?" he asked and David made an uncertain sound. "I mean its ok. I still don't get what all the fuss is about," he said. David recalled this conversation clearly. It had been the first time he'd bottomed since Chris' Pon Farr and one other occasion, and he hadn't been enthusiastic due to his previous experiences. "You're doing it wrong," Chris said firmly, pulling him a little closer and helping him reposition one leg. David winced as the angle shifted uncomfortably, then shuddered with pleasure and let out a small moan as he understood exactly what Chris was aiming for. "Better?" Chris smirked. "Shut up," David hissed, picking up the pace. Before he could do anything to stop it the memory changed again, but this time Chris wasn't in control of it. David found himself on his back in a strange bed in a luxuriously appointed bedroom, white hot pain surging through the lower half of his body. He was almost blinded by it, his mouth open and not even sure if he was still crying out. A sharp focal point apart from the pain from his dislocated hip was the blunt press of two large fingers prying into him as he made a futile effort to clench down to prevent the intrusion, and fought to struggle with all his strength to throw the larger man off him. A man dived in, tearing the Orion away. A man with long brownish hair, a scruffy beard and the brightest blue eyes glinting from his sunken face. "It's ok. It's ok. You're safe here. I'm here, its ok," Chris was repeating calmly. It took David a long few seconds to come to his senses and realise he was now curled into Chris' chest, his tears soaking through the older man's shirt. "I lost control of the meld. I'm so sorry. I was just trying to… I don't know. It was a stupid, insensitive idea. I'm so sorry," Chris blurted out and David shook his head, taking a deep breath. "No. It's ok. I understand what you were trying to do, really. And I do remember how good it can be, and I know that I want to get back to what we had before and I just… I'm sorry. I have no idea why I bounced that memory back onto you. It's the clearest I've ever remembered any of it," he said thickly, then pausing to gulp another huge breath of air, sitting up and pulling all the blankets away from himself as he could feel himself beginning to sweat. Chris handed him the glass of water he always kept on his side of the bed and David accepted it gratefully, drinking down about half of it before handing it back. "I promise you. I am never going to push you, or pressure you, or anything, okay? It's really important that you know that." David nodded and shakily slid back down into the bed properly, half pulling up the blankets and shifting a little closer to Chris. "I do know that. I'm sorry you had to see that, I didn't mean to." "Don't apologise for that. I'm sorry you have it in your mind and that you had to experience it and that you sometimes think about it. I'm sorry that I wasn't there to stop it happening," Chris said sincerely, placing a tentative hand on David's upper arm. "You still want to get married and everything, right?" David asked nervously, partially just desperately trying to change the subject, and Chris chuckled and shifted closer, wrapping David possessively in his arms in a way that left him no choice than to just accept the affection. "I would marry you right this moment in our pyjamas in this room if I could arrange it that fast. But I can't, so we're gonna have to pick a date and do this like normal people," Chris said fondly and David nodded shakily. "We can't get married right now anyway, I haven't shaved. I look a mess," David mumbled sleepily and Chris chuckled. "I like you with stubble. It's manly. And I like how it tickles my face. Anyway. No more worrying about sex stuff okay? It'll happen in its own time, and I don't want you stressing about it," Chris said firmly and David whined. "I don't want you getting frustrated. I feel li-" "Yeah so uh… you do know that masturbation is a thing, right?" Chris interrupted and David sighed. "Ok. Goodnight," he mumbled, burying his face into Chris shoulder and trying his best to get back to sleep, pushing the freshly dredged up memory of the Orion ship to the back of his mind. Things carried on much as they had been after their conversation, without anything really changing. David continued to go to therapy and Chris did his best to push out of his mind the images and memories that David had unwillingly shared with him. The day of Joanna and Quinn's wedding arrived at the beginning of April before anyone had really realised quite how fast time was flying. "Thomas please hold still," David begged as he tried to fasten the little clip-on tie onto his son's shirt collar. He'd found him a tiny suit that was an almost perfect match to the one he was wearing and he was doing his best to hide just how adorable he found the young boy in his formal wear. "Thomas fancy!" he yelled again, trying to do a spin in his smart new clothes. "Thomas is very fancy, and Dad is fancy, and Grandpa and Grandma are going to be fancy. It's a wedding, everyone gets dressed up fancy," he explained tiredly, now trying to persuade Thomas to put his feet into his shoes. "Uh oh, little man, did you see where your Dad went?" Chris's voice came from behind him as David struggled with the uncooperative child. "Dadda here!" Thomas giggled, grabbing David's head with both hands as he tried to fasten his shoes for him. "Hmmm no… I don't see him?" Chris said, walking around them now. David didn't look up, but he could see a stone coloured suit and dark brown shoes out of his peripheral vision. "Here is Dad!" Thomas protested, laughing harder. "Is it? Hmm… I don't know. Looks too fancy." "Everybody fancy for wedding!" Thomas exclaimed happily, repeating what David had just told him. David chuckled and finally managed to finish with his sons shoes, then stood up, turning to Chris. "Excuse me, I'm looking for my fiancée… have you seen him? He's kinda tall, good looking, muscular… a little bit of a beard?" Chris asked David with a completely straight face and David rolled his eyes. Chris chuckled and slowly snaked his arms around the younger man's waist, pressing up against him in a way that was impossible to ignore. "You look unbelievable," he murmured softly into his ear, then placed a soft kiss on his neck that sent a shiver down the younger man's spine. "You look like a goddamn movie star. We're like beauty and the beast," David chuckled, stepping back an admiring his bondmate. He was dressed in a sand-coloured suit that fitted him well, a grey tie breaking up his crisp white shirt. His hair was freshly cut and styled, maybe a little shorter than he would usually wear it, and he was cleanly shaven and groomed. He was somehow holding himself differently, standing up straighter maybe, David wasn't quite sure. "Pssh. As if. You're like… a solid nine in that suit, maybe even a nine and a half. I still think it'd look better on the floor though," Chris smirked, ending in a low voice that Thomas wouldn't hear, and then reaching out to mess David's hair up ever so slightly. He was wearing a charcoal grey suit with a navy tie to bring out his blue eyes. Thomas matched him in miniature. "I feel too bulky," David complained, shifting a little in the restrictive garment. It certainly fitted him much more tightly since the last time he had worn it, and he blamed his recent increase in muscle mass for the problem. "That's because you became a total beefcake. We should leave or we're going to be late, you're distracting me," Chris said, trying to look innocent. David rolled his eyes and rounded up Thomas to get him into the car. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~* "I promised myself I wasn't gonna cry but I'm not sure I can keep it together after all." Joanna turned around at her father's voice from the doorway and smiled. "Don't cry Dad, just think, you've only got two more left to marry off and you'll have got rid of us all," she grinned and he nodded. "I guess you're right, except maybe I don't want to get rid of you guys, maybe I want to keep you around. You know Joanna, I'm so damn proud of you," he began and she gave him a warning glance. "Dad, I just got my makeup right and I swear to god if you make me cry and I ruin it I'll-" "No big speech. I promise. Not until later. I'm just real proud today. Feels like just last week you were only a little girl, and now here we are and I'm about to send you off into your own life and your own family. I'm so proud of you, everything you've achieved, everything you're working towards. Your Mom would be too. And so would your Uncle Jim," he said and Joanna sniffled a little. "Don't cry; you'll start me off too. And I don't wanna be held responsible for spoilin' your makeup. You look beautiful, Jo." There was a quiet knock at the door and Joanna took a few steps over to open it. "Chris, everything alright?" Joanna asked at the nervous looking Kirk twin standing outside her dressing room. "Everything is good. Can I borrow about thirty seconds of your time?" he asked, looking uncomfortable. "Sure, so long as it really is only thirty seconds. The bridesmaids will be back any second and then we'll be walking down," she said and Chris nodded. "I know. I was just in the boys' room, Quinn is shaking like a leaf. I uh… it turns out Jim left something… for you… for today," he said awkwardly and Bones' eyebrow raised slightly. "He left this big pile of messages for us to deal with any occasion we may want to ask advice about. I went looking for the one about dealing with if your partner brings home a stray two-year old, but I found a section for… well… all of our weddings. He left little notes for all of us, sealed, and also a box for you," he said quietly, offering out the two items. Joanna looked between the box, Chris' face, her father's face, and finally Jim's painfully familiar handwriting on the ornate looking envelope being offered to her. "Open it darlin'," her father encouraged. She accepted the items from Chris and he turned to leave. "Stay," she said quietly and he turned back, nodding and coming into the room and closing the door. The box was quite certainly a jewellery box. The envelope a heavy parchment. She decided to open the letter first, and she read it aloud. "Dear Joanna, Sorry that I'm not able to make it to your wedding today, it appears I am otherwise occupied," she paused and chuckled, wiping away a tear before continuing. "Watching you grow up from a shy four year old into a confident and beautiful young woman has been an honour, and whoever the lucky individual is that you're marrying today should count themselves incredibly gifted. With all my love, Uncle Jim. P.S Please buy your old man a shot of the finest bourbon money can buy on my behalf at the evening reception." She finished reading and exhaled heavily, fighting to keep her emotions in. The baby chose that moment to kick noticeably and she flattened her hand against the movement through the ornate fabric of her gown. "He's such an asshole. If I dropped dead tomorrow there's nothing this thoughtful left behind for any of you guys, just a pile of money," Bones scoffed and Joanna chuckled, opening the box with shaky hands. Inside was a simple silver ring, a blue stone set into the centre. The stone appeared to be almost alive, shifting and changing like the spring sky outside. Underneath the cushion was another small card with Jim's writing. "I borrowed this stone on an off world mission, it's owner is expecting it back in around six-thousand terran years if you could please arrange that? I had it set into a new ring. The stone itself is also almost as old as your dad, approximately half a million years. And it's blue. So do I get bonus points for hitting them all with one item?" "What the hell is he talking about?" Chris asked, scrumpling his face in confusion and Joanna chuckled. "OK this is embarrassing but when I was a little girl, I used to want to marry Uncle Jim. I thought he was the most amazing man in the whole world. He used to kid with me and say we could only get married if I found something old, something new, something borrowed and something blue. I could never do it because I'd find one item and then he'd hide it while I went off and searched for the next one. I must have been about six when we played this game and he remembered all these years," she sighed, fighting again with her emotions as she freed the ring from the box and slipped it onto one of her fingers. Both men remained silent as Joanna refolded her letter and slipped it back into the envelope, placing it carefully on the dressing table. The three remained silent until there was a knock at the door, startling them all. Emily slipped into the room, looking radiant in her blue bridesmaid dress. "Thomas just lifted up Seren's dress in front of like… half the room. David almost died laughing trying to tell him not to do it," she grinned and Chris snorted with laughter. "That kid is too much. I'll go help, make sure the ladies are safe from his advances," he said, leaving the room. "We should get going Jo, you don't want to sweat the poor guy too much," said Bones, glancing at the old clock on the wall. It was two minutes to three, and the walk was at least five minutes. "Sorry I'm late, I was fixing my dress after Thomas," Seren appeared around the doorway, looking slightly flustered. "That kid better not grow up to be like his father," Bones grumbled as the four of them readied themselves to leave the room, Joanna, Emily and Seren each picking up their respective bouquets of flowers as they did so. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "Hey, slow down," Chris chuckled as David clumsily got the door to their hotel room open and shoved him against the back of it as soon as they were in the room. "Looked so damn good all day, been waiting to do this," David growled, pawing at his suit, unfastening buttons everywhere he could find them, pulling out his tie, crashing their lips together. David had had rather a lot to drink at the evening reception; Chris hadn't had a single drop all day. "Well I personally also think your suit would look better on the floor," Chris mumbled, pushing David's jacket back off his broad shoulders and letting it fall away. "You think Thomas will stay asleep?" David asked, glancing backwards at the small figure fast asleep in the extra bed. "So long as you don't scream," Chris mumbled, nipping his earlobe and David shuddered. "God, Chris don't tease," he hissed, shoving him firmly downwards by the shoulders, hard enough and catching Chris enough by surprise that he dropped to his knees. "Shit, sorry, I'm stronger than I realise-" David began and stopped speaking immediately when he saw the smouldering look Chris was looking up at him with. He reached out and threaded one hand into his hair; barely daring to breathe as Chris slowly unzipped his pants for him and drew out his length. David swallowed hard, glancing away from Chris for just a second to check that the lump of blankets on the bed hadn't moved. It hadn't so he allowed himself to look back down just as Chris smirked and then proceeded to sink the velvet heat of his mouth onto him. The younger man fought to keep silent, his knees weakening slightly as he hit the back of his bondmates throat and felt the muscles constrict deliciously around him. "Fuck, yes," he hissed, letting his head fall back against the wall as Chris began to suck hard, bobbing his head and swallowing and showing off his complete lack of any gag reflex. He repositioned his hand slightly; worried he was gripping too tightly. Chris paused and put his hand back where it was, encouraging him to grip more tightly and David bit back a moan. Chris smirked up at him with his eyes. "Chris, so good," he whispered, allowing his hips to rut forwards slightly, being overtaken by his arousal and tipsiness. Chris pulled back suddenly and David whined at the sudden loss and cold air hitting sensitive flesh. He was about to verbalise his protest when Chris got in first and spoke before he could. "I'm gonna take Thomas to Seren, and then I'm going to bend over that bed and you're gonna fuck me until I can't see straight, deal?" he said breathlessly and David nodded eagerly, stripping out of his shirt and discarding it as Chris stood up and shrugged out of his own shirt, padding over towards the still unmoved figure under the blankets. Chris approached as David reluctantly tucked himself back into his boxers. "Hey so we're in luck," Chris smirked and David gave him a quizzical look, his face dropping as Chris suddenly jumped full force onto the pile of blankets on the bed, and when he bounced back up he had a piece of crumpled paper in his hand. He held it up and read from it. McCoy - please enjoy getting laid tonight, we've got Thomas. Please pick him up before breakfast so I can bang your sister before we check out. Much love, Leo xx David snorted a laugh and Chris gave a decidedly unmanly giggle, throwing the note aside and moving over to the main bed, kicking off his socks, pants and boxers as he did so, leaving himself entirely naked and sprawled on the bed. "I ate too much, and I'm so bloated," he whined, rubbing his belly as David crawled over him. "That's fine, I'll just do you from behind," he smirked, leaning down and nipping his neck, wriggling his way ungracefully out of his own pants and kicking them off whilst also trying not to kick the man laying beneath him. Chris twisted easily so he was laying on his front, giving his butt a little wiggle once he'd positioned himself. "Well go on, have at it. I'm bloated and sleepy though, so you can't blame me if I drift off halfway through," he said, voice muffled by the bed. "Oh there is no way you're going to sleep through what I've got planned for you," David smirked, leaning down and clamping his teeth into the muscle where neck met shoulder, causing his bondmate to whine and squirm happily. "You brought lube right?" David asked and Chris chuckled. "What do you take me for, some kind of amateur?" he asked as he leaned over the edge of the bed and fished around in his bag for a moment before returning with a brand new tube that he tore the seal off with his teeth, then handed to David. "You uh… you're ok, this way around?" David asked and Chris sighed, rolling onto his back and uncapping the tube, squeezing some into his own hand before taking his time to slowly and thoroughly coat the first two fingers of David's right hand. David took the hint and picked up the lube himself, adding a little bit more to his slick fingers before lowering them and teasing around the outside of his bondmates entrance before slowly pressing one finger inside. Chris exhaled heavily and took a steadying breath. "Are you ok?" David asked, moving closer and pressing his forehead against Chris' temple. In lieu of a verbal response Chris turned his head and kissed him firmly. "The real question is are you okay?" Chris asked, shifting slightly so the side of his thigh was pressed against David's crotch. "Uh yeah… all systems normal," he said uncertainly, suddenly feeling very sober. Chris raised an eyebrow. "Well… I mean I'm about seventy-percent there," David admitted with a chuckle and Chris smirked, reaching to remove his boxers for him. The younger man kicked them off and resumed carefully preparing his bondmate. "M'ready," Chris mumbled against David's lips after a long few minutes. "You want to uh… face to face or?" David asked awkwardly, pink blush creeping across his face. "You're adorable when you're embarrassed," Chris chuckled, turning onto his side and using one hand on David's hip to turn him onto his side too so they were spooning. "Like this?" David asked in a low voice, removing his fingers and grabbing a generous handful of lube that he spread on himself before plunging his fingers back inside and catching Chris by surprise, earning a pleased gasp in response. "Like this," Chris responded sleepily, keeping his hand on David's hip as the younger man removed his fingers again and gripped himself, beginning to press forwards slowly. They both sighed as the head breached the tight ring of muscle. David gave Chris just a moment before pressing forwards further, burying his face into the back of his neck and wrapping him in his arms. "I love you so much," he breathed, Chris humming contentedly in response, reaching his arm up to circle David's head as he buried his face into his neck and began to roll his hips leisurely, before starting to become a little more forceful with his movements. Chris turned his head so their eyes could meet. "Slowly, okay?" Chris asked softly and David obliged, slowing back down and taking his time. He surged forwards and captured the older man's lips in a passionate kiss. When they broke apart he paused his movements entirely and pulled out, repositioning Chris onto his back and climbing between his long legs. "David-" Chris began to whine, both hands self-consciously covering his abdomen which still felt bloated and heavy after everything he'd eaten. "What's wrong?" David asked in a low voice as he sank back inside, pressing Chris into the mattress firmly and kissing his way from his neck up to his earlobe which he paused to tug at with his teeth. "I feel really uncomfortable on my back," Chris protested, his words losing their effect when he let out a small moan as David hit his prostate dead on. "Why?" he asked, now paying close attention to the junction between neck and shoulder as he continued to roll his hips in long, slow strokes. "Because I feel really bloated. Can't we go back to what we were doing before, or something else?" he asked, looking a bit distressed when David pulled back slightly so he could see his face. "Yeah of course, I don't want you being uncomfortable," he agreed easily, Chris eagerly flipping over onto his hands and knees. "I don't know if I'm going to stay quite so controlled if we're going to do it like this," David warned, feeling a surge of lust rising as he ran his hands down the older man's back, stopping when he was cupping his rear with both hands and gripping, pulling the two muscular cheeks apart to reveal his entrance. Chris made an undignified sound as David lunged forward and began lapping at him eagerly. "But I thought you didn't like to- jesus- god, that's so good," Chris breathed and David gave a low chuckle, reaching through his legs and gripping his erection, beginning to stroke him firmly with an unrelenting pace, as he kept up his constant onslaught with his tongue. "Not gonna last," Chris warned and David growled, biting at the soft flesh on the inside of Chris' thigh and causing him to hiss in pain. He pulled away and moved up quickly, repositioning and then driving home with one movement. He buried his face into the back of Chris' neck and held still for a moment, taking a deep, steadying breath. "I thought for a while we might never do this again," he admitted and Chris exhaled slowly. "I'm glad we figured it out," Chris replied sleepily, his tiredness and impending orgasm leaving him feeling a little fuzzy-headed. "Mmm me too, almost forgot how great your ass is," David sighed, rolling his hips slowly and savouring the low sound it drew from Chris' throat. "Can we?" Chris offered his left hand back, lifting up onto his knees so he was effectively kneeling in David's lap, left hand reaching back to touch his meld points, right hand clutching at David's thigh to help his balance. "Are you sure?" David asked uncertainly. "Just lightly, just what we're feeling right now, no memories and nothing complicated, just this moment right now," Chris explained and David nodded, wrapping one arm around his chest tightly to hold him close as Chris carefully joined their minds, their bond igniting at the telepathic contact. What felt like it could have been hours later David blinked hard, coming to his senses to find Chris flat out on his belly beneath him, his whole weight resting on top of the older man as he tried to catch his breath and the pleasant white hum of his orgasm tingling through his body. "Earth to David?" Chris asked after a few moments and David blinked hard again, realising Chris probably wanted him to move. "Don't wanna," he mumbled, holding Chris tighter and rolling his hips gently, causing the older man to whine. "Sensitive," Chris protested and David chuckled, carefully pulling out and moving aside to collapse onto his belly next to Chris, getting right into his personal space and kissing every part of his face he could reach. He felt absolute euphoria that he couldn't tell if it was his own, or if it was coming from the bond, perhaps both. "That was fun," he beamed as he finally relented and pulled back enough that Chris could see his face clearly. His eyes were more blue than grey and his smile actually reached them, which was rare since he got back from the Orion ship. "That was fun. I should get a washcloth, I'm sticky," Chris pouted and David smirked. "And lying in the wet spot?" "Well… I was kinda constructive about that," Chris admitted and David was silent for a few seconds. "Do you have a handful of jizz right now?" he asked finally, raising the famous McCoy eyebrow and Chris exploded into uncontrollable laughter, leaping up from the bed and going to wash aforementioned hand. David chuckled and rolled over onto his side to try and get comfortable to go to sleep, Chris returned a short while later smelling like fresh shower and feeling a little cold. David was close to sleep and content enough to just be held that he tolerated Chris' chilly skin as he wrapped him in his arms and pressed up against his back. He placed a small kiss on the back of his neck and whispered his goodnight through their bond, David falling asleep within seconds. *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* "Good god man! What the hell happened to you?" Bones demanded as Christopher limped into the hotel restaurant the next morning, lips puffy and a fading bruise still evident on the side of his neck. "Do you really want me to answer that Bonesy?" he asked sweetly as David appeared behind him, looking smug and satisfied, if a little hungover. Bones looked between them both and narrowed his eyes before returning to his grapefruit without passing comment. David blushed and Chris dragged him to a table far away from his father. "I'll text Leo to bring Thomas back," Chris said as he sat down gingerly, rubbing his stomach. "Sure. Are you okay?" David asked looking a little concerned. "Yep," Chris flashed a grin but continued to rest his hand on his stomach as he fumbled for his comm with the other hand and sent off a quick message to Leo. "Why don't you just y'know, telepath your message to him?" David suggested helpfully and Chris rolled his eyes. "Leo and I keep our link pretty blank now, it got too complicated now that we both have bonds. Plus he's a mess, he doesn't meditate enough," Chris dismissed, shifting uncomfortably in his chair. "Seriously are you okay? Did I hurt you? I'm a little worried and I was kinda drunk and maybe too rough," David pressed, looking guilty. "I'm fine. Bloated still, but not hurt. I just feel kinda gross," Chris complained. "If you want to go get my food for me though that would be awesome," he suggested, fluttering his eyelashes in David's direction. "Fine," the human grumbled, heading towards the breakfast buffet and filling up two plates before returning to their table. By the time he got back he found his seat had been taken by a tired looking Leo with Thomas on his lap. "And then he got up at three… and then he got up at four, and then… guess what? Guess what Thomas? Huh?" he asked, tickling him and causing him to giggle and squirm. "And then he got up at five too! And now he wants to sleep, but it's daytime and we can't sleep now," Leo said, stifling a yawn. "He give you a hard time?" David asked, setting down the food. "Yep. You owe me big," Leo replied, handing Thomas over to David and standing up to leave. "Where are you going? Aren't you having breakfast?" Chris asked and Leo smirked. "My breakfast is in bed upstairs," he said with a wink and David scowled. "That's my sister! Don't be so disgusting," he protested and Leo laughed over his shoulder as he retreated through the restaurant back towards the lobby to head back up to his and Emily's room. "Did you have fun with Uncle Leo last night huh?" Chris asked of Thomas who was now perched on his lap, oblivious to how gingerly Chris was sitting and moving. "I'm tired," Thomas complained and Chris laughed. "Yep. Leo has that effect on people. Do you think you can make it a couple more hours and then take a nap in the car on the way home?" David asked his son and Thomas nodded weakly. "That's my brave little man. Two more hours at the most and we'll be in the car and you can sleep all the way home," David comforted as Thomas started to squirm in Chris's lap, kneeing him in the stomach accidentally, with some force. Chris noticeably winced. "Are you okay? Thomas, stop beating Chris up, I need him in one piece so he can drive us home later," David hinted heavily at his bondmate and then moved around the table to scoop the child off his lap before settling back in his own seat with Thomas on his knee. "You want some of this? It's really good," David offered a chunk of pain au chocolat in Thomas' direction. "Is good?" Thomas asked, looking at Chris with wide eyes. "I don't know little man, I'm not allowed to eat it. Because I'm a Vulcan certain food can make me sick, but those foods are ok for you to eat because you're a human," Chris explained gently, rubbing his stomach and frowning slightly. As David looked closer he could see a bit of sweat clinging around Chris' hairline and definite discomfort on his features. "Are you feeling okay? Your stomach?" David asked, reaching across the table for Chris' hand. "Yeah it's uh… it hurts. Maybe I should just… go for a walk," Chris suggested weakly, standing up and leaving his breakfast almost untouched. David gave him a concerned look and squeezed his hand before letting go as the older man began to walk gingerly towards the exit of the restaurant and back towards the lobby, hoping to go back to the room and lay down. "You look like crap kid," Bones informed him helpfully as he passed by his table. He shrugged off the comment and continued with a blind focus to just get back to his bed and lay down immediately. His chest felt tight. He could feel the strange fluttering sensation in his stomach, and all he wanted to do was be horizontal and not moving. He made it to the room and slumped back into bed on his side, lying still as the room span around him. After a few minutes there was a knock at the door. Chris stayed still and silent, just wanting to be left alone. There was a telltale click of the lock releasing and then the door opened slowly, Leonard stepping into the room and closing the door behind him, medical bag over one shoulder. "You really look like crap. Let me take a good look at you," he said in a tone that suggested it really wasn't a request. Chris groaned weakly and stayed still, stomach churning. "How long have you been feeling unwell? Is it your chest?" the doctor asked, kneeling beside the bed and shining a pen light in Chris' eyes, making him slam them closed and recoil away. "Kind of my chest. Kind of just everywhere. Been feeling unwell since… I don't know. Couple of weeks before David went on his mission maybe. Started feeling sick," he mumbled weakly, his eyes still closed. He was aware of the doctors firm but gentle hands on him now, encouraging him to roll over onto his back. He did as he was guided, but then made no effort to move further, laying completely boneless on the bed. "You're like a limp lettuce leaf. Not sure why in the hell you've walked around feeling sick for six months if you could have just come to see me to begin with," Bones commented, rummaging in his med-kit for something. "So, your aversion to dairy products that David told me about, when did that start?" he asked and Chris shrugged. "Around the same time?" he pressed and Chris thought for a second before nodding. "Yeah I guess so. My chest has been feeling kind of tight too but David has been pushing me in the gym," Chris explained weakly. He could hear the low hum of a tricorder now and kept his eyes closed even more tightly. If what he suspected was happening to him was really true, he wasn't sure how he was going to react to the news, let alone how David would react. "Open your eyes kid," Bones said gently after a long few minutes, the scanner stopping. Chris did as he was told and looked up at the doctor. "I am, aren't I?" he asked the older man who was looking at him with a forced neutral expression. "Chris if you knew about this and deliberately kept it from me-" he began and then stopped, sitting down on the edge of the bed and pressing the tips of his fingers to his forehead briefly. "Are you clean?" he asked and Chris frowned. "What?" he asked, as though he hadn't heard the question. "Are you completely clean and sober right now? You're looking at around twenty-five weeks in, so I need to know you've been clean that long at least." Bones asked again and Chris' frown deepened. "I'm pretty offended that you feel you need to ask Bones. I'm clean and sober, and I get regularly tested for that as part of the custody agreement for Thomas. Glad that's your priority," he said bitterly and Bones looked affronted. "That's not… that's not how I meant it. You gotta understand… this is my grandchild, and with your history… I just needed to know you haven't been using. I trust you, and I don't think you have been, but I needed to ask. The scan shows your liver function is way off. I'm kind of amazed you're not showing more symptoms. I need to run more detailed scans, but I'm concerned about this being a viable situation," he said flatly and Chris closed his eyes for a second and took a breath. He'd barely allowed himself to consider this being reality, let alone how it would feel to have it confirmed to him. "Almost six months Bones. That sounds pretty damn viable to me. We need to find a way to make this work that's safe for me and for…well… the baby," he said hesitantly. It was the first time he said it aloud since he'd begun to suspect and the words felt foreign in his mouth. Bones exhaled heavily. "Jesus kid. Does David know? I started to wonder a couple weeks back, you've been looking a little chubby… no offense, but you're still tiny for this many weeks. I want you in my office first thing tomorrow so we can take some more detailed measurements. Have you been feeling foetal movement?" he asked and Chris hesitated then nodded. "Before you ask me why I didn't investigate - David has been pushed to the fucking edge by everything going on since he got back from that Orion ship, and things between us are only just getting back to a more normal state, so I haven't been my priority right now," he pointed out and Bones' argument clearly died on his tongue. "If you get to full term you'd be due in August, but I think we're looking at more like June with the strain on your body. You should tell David as soon as you can, and you should make Starfleet aware too. I'll make you an appointment for some more detailed scans on Monday, first thing, oh-eight-hundred hours. Don't be late kid," he said firmly, getting up and leaving the room. Chris exhaled heavily once the doctor had closed the door behind him, letting out the breath he'd been holding. The tears he'd been holding back escaped too and he let them slowly run down his face as his mind reeled. He focused on locking down his bond with David, to be certain that he couldn't find out accidentally. Once he'd accomplished that he allowed himself to think properly about what was going to happen over the coming months. David would be stressed when he found out, that much was certain. He'd be worried about the strain on Chris' body, and he'd be worried about how they would cope, and he'd be emotional, but Chris was certain that once everything had settled down deep down he would be happy. They hadn't talked about it, but they both definitely wanted another child, maybe even a few more. It had been hinted as something for them to explore way off in the future, perhaps not now, not so young, and not when their careers had only just begun. Chris didn't even realise he'd fallen asleep until sometime later when he was awoken by a strong arm wrapping around his waist and a face nuzzling against the back of his neck. "Mmwhat time is it?" he asked sleepily and David chuckled against the back of his neck, the huff of air warm against the sensitive skin there. "Late enough that I extended check out to let you sleep. Leo and Emily took Thomas back with them, and my dad said you wanted to talk to me about something? I've been up here for ages but you've just been sleeping. I must have worn you out last night huh?" he asked with a grin that Chris could feel against the back of his neck. He turned a little, enough that he could see David's smirk. "You will never, as long as we live, wear me out. I'm just sleepy today, my chest hurts," he said vaguely, closing his eyes again. "Nope. Nap time is over, it's like two in the afternoon and you've been sleeping all day. Hey, what's wrong with your face, were you crying?" he asked quickly as Chris turned over to face him more, not realising how puffy his face was. "Uh… no," Chris lied badly and David looked concerned. "Did… are you upset about last night?" David asked and Chris frowned in confusion. "Why would I be upset about last night?" he asked. "Did I do something wrong?" David asked flatly and Chris gathered him into his arms. "Of course not. You didn't do anything wrong. Last night was perfect, I just haven't been feeling too well today. I got a little emotional earlier but it wasn't because of anything you've done, I promise," he soothed and David relaxed a little. "I worry about you. I worry there's a lot in your head that you don't tell me," he pressed gently and Chris sighed. "There's a lot in my head that its better I keep to myself." *~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Chris waited until he was absolutely certain Bones would be asleep before he texted him to tell him he wouldn't be coming in in the morning for his check-up. He needed more time to tell David about what was happening. He'd give himself just one more week to break the news to him, and then he'd get looked over. He was certain that both his body and the baby could handle one more week. Monday morning Chris woke up to a very warm, very solid body pressed up against his back, insistent erection pressing against his ass. "Mmm good morning," Chris mumbled sleepily. "Good morning yourself," David replied huskily, voice deeper than usual and scratchy with sleep. "That a phaser in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?" Chris asked, shifting his hips back a little to increase the friction and causing David to tense a little and exhale slightly heavier than usual. "Don't say too much, you might scare it off," he mumbled, kissing the back of Chris' neck and causing him to shiver at the sensations of his trimmed stubble raking across the sensitive skin. David's hands trailed down and gripped the bottom of Chris' shirt, slowly drawing it up until Chris helpfully lifted his shoulder so he could pull it over his head entirely and throw it aside. He repeated the process with his own shirt and then pressed up against Chris again, taking a possessive grip on his hip, with the other arm worming his way underneath his neck, bending at the elbow and holding him by the chest so he was effectively pinned on his side facing away from him. Chris said nothing as David kept completely still for a few moments. He listened to his bondmates breathing, and tried to gauge any information coming across through their bond but it was deliberately blank. This was as far as they'd got with David completely sober in a long time and Chris didn't want to put him under any pressure. David tightened his grip and rolled his hips forward, sighing at the pleasurable friction. He repeated the motion, movements becoming more insistent and breathing becoming ragged. He dropped the hand on Chris' hip down to grope him through his boxers and Chris nearly whimpered at the touch after so long without any contact from his bondmate, save for a few nights previous. With a frustrated growl David pulled him tighter into his body, his hand on his hip slipping upwards and onto his stomach in a way that made Chris' heart do a strange sort of jump in his chest. If only David knew that he wasn't just a little overweight. That he was growing their child inside his body. "Chris, fuck, I think I'm gonna-" David warned, rutting against him almost furiously now, hand rubbing him clumsily through his boxers in a way that shouldn't have felt as good as it did with the fabric of his boxers chafing. David tensed and went completely silent, taking in a sharp breath as his body trembled. Chris could feel a warm stickiness on his lower back and ass and sighed in pleasure as David finally slipped his hand inside his boxers and barely stroked him twice before he was coming too, unable to control it with David's own orgasm echoing through their bond. "I uh… sorry, I didn't even get us out of our boxers," David breathed after a few moments. Chris huffed a laugh and rolled over to face him. "Please don't ever apologise again for waking me up like that," he grinned, leaning in and pressing a small kiss at the corner of David's mouth. "OK. Uh… do you want to like… cuddle now?" David asked awkwardly and Chris raised an eyebrow, holding their eye-contact for a long enough time for him to sense David becoming uncomfortable and he laughed. "You're adorable. I'd love to cuddle, but the bed is kind of a disaster, and so are we… so we should probably shower and do laundry," Chris pointed out helpfully and David bashfully glanced down at the wet spot staining the front of his boxers. "Yeah. That's probably a good idea." "Go on, get in the shower first and I'll catch you up," Chris offered and David didn't need to be told twice, sneaking out of the door after checking the hallway and ducking into the bathroom. Chris pulled off his sticky boxers and used them to clean off before balling them up and throwing them back onto the sheets. He stripped the bed off and bundled everything together to carry downstairs to the machine. Leo was sitting at the kitchen table when he rounded the corner and Chris sighed at the widening smirk on his twins face. "Oh. I see. Laundry day huh?" "Yep. Just washing sheets," Chris said casually as he stuffed the sheets into the machine and then stood back upright after setting it, still totally naked. "Mhm. You stink of sex. And you're looking a little chubby man." "And you stink of jealousy. I've seen you looking at David too you know," Chris retorted and Leo's smirk widened. He decided not to even snark back at the weight comment. "Think he'd let us double team him? I think if I asked Emily she'd probably let me do him." "Leo. That is the single most outrageous thing you've ever said to me. You should wash your brain out with soap, or bleach," Chris fired back, horrified and trying to shield Leo's comment from his bond because he knew David would be mortified if he heard it. Leo smirked and shrugged in response. "So I'm working really late tonight and I probably won't be getting up early to hangout with Thomas in the morning tomorrow, so maybe you guys shouldn't plan a run or… a whatever this was for tomorrow," Leo gestured to Chris' nudity and Chris rolled his eyes. He noticed Leo's attention divert to behind him and snatched a book off the table to cover himself up with just as Thomas came into the room behind him and giggled. "What's so funny little man?" Chris asked and Thomas walked around so he was in front of him before climbing up into the chair next to Leo. "I saw butt," he giggled and Leo smirked. "You did see my butt. I'm on my way to the shower, I think Uncle Leo is going to fix you breakfast and I'll be right back," Chris said, excusing himself and practically sprinting upstairs, discarding the book he'd hastily picked up on the way. He slipped into the bathroom and locked the door before sliding open the shower cubicle. "Need someone to wash your back?" Chris offered as he stepped under the spray behind his bondmate. "Thought you'd got lost on the way here," David smirked, turning around and kissing Chris' neck, first down to his collarbone and then up to his earlobe. Chris sighed contentedly and trailed his hands down the younger man's back, savouring the feeling of firm muscle under warm, wet skin. "You're not being subtle you know," David hinted and Chris stopped, his hands low on David's back, as low as he dared. "Hm?" "I know you want to grab my ass. It's ok, you can grab it, I think I feel ok about that," he said with a nervous smile. Chris trailed his hands lower and gripped firmly with both hands. "You're going to have to stop working out so much," he sighed, burying his face into David's shoulder. "Why?" David asked and Chris chuckled. "Because I can never take my eyes off you, and I don't think I'm ever going to be able to take my hands off you either," he said, squeezing gently before moving his hands to David's hips and stepping forwards to press their bodies together. David's breath hitched and Chris grinned at the fact his bondmate was hard again. "Chris, you don't have to-" Chris silenced the younger man with firm kiss. "But I want to. Plus you're probably only going to last fifteen seconds again anyway," he smirked and David looked affronted. "I'll have you know that was at least twenty seconds!" *~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~* The rest of the day was the same as any other. David taught his group classes, saw a few people for one-to-one personal training and then taught a few more classes into the evening. Chris had been meeting with instructors and trying to get some extra credit in a few of his classes before heading off to collect Thomas and get dinner made for when David would get home. Bones had called him, a lot, but Chris had ignored it and avoided it. He'd speak to him later and explain he hadn't told David yet. Leo's day had also been perfectly ordinary, though he had been drafted into staying in late to cover an extra shift overnight as a few of the more highly skilled engineering cadets were out with extremely unpleasant cases of Andorian shingles. It meant he'd be working a twenty-hour stint, but he didn't mind particularly seeing as he'd be doing nothing much else with Emily away, and he felt bad for the guys who were out sick. The engineering bay was filled with hazards, but picking up space-borne illnesses was not a common one. "Thanks for stayin' late again lad," said Scotty as he watched Leo chasing a length of cable through a section of the shuttle they were working on. Behind him a mechanical crane arm whirred by, controlled by a cadet or officer up in the booth with a clear view of the whole bay. Scotty was standing within a pedestrian-safe green area of floor that the crane would need to be overridden to access. "No problem Scotty, not like I'd have been doing much anyways," he said, trying not to sound too petulant. "Oh aye. Must be missin' her somethin' terrible, 'specially with your brother and McCoy all loved up and with their wee-man runnin' around too now," he said, taking a few steps to his left to collect a socket wrench. "Yeah I do miss her, but she's having a great time and I talk to her a lot. I'm just glad things are finally happening for the band, that was a lot of years they played in shitty little sweaty rooms for about twelve people and she put herself through hell with all the problems she was having with her voice," he said, accepting the wrench from Scotty and moving to another section of the hull, wiping the sweat and grime off his forehead with the back of his sleeve. "How's the wee lad doin'?" "Yeah he's good. Learning so many new words all the time, he's a real chatterbox. There's something about him that's odd though… I've been trying to spend a load of time with him to work out what it is, but I just can't figure it out," Leo said, trying to concentrate as he laid down on the floor of the skeleton of the shuttle and began to unfasten a panel he needed to access behind to place his cable correctly. "Sure there's nothin' weird about him, he's jus' a little boy," Scotty said and Leo frowned. "I don't know. Sometimes I look at him and feel like he's smarter than me." "Really? I cannae see how a little lad no' even three could be smarter than you," Scotty chuckled and Leo shrugged, handing Scotty down a bunch of the fastenings he had just removed. "I think having him around is making Emily broody," Leo grumbled and Scotty laughed, taking a few more steps back from the shuttle and placing his hands on his hips. "Was always gonna happen eventually. You should do it, I think you'd make a great dad," Scotty encouraged and Leo huffed a laugh. "Thanks Scotty. Maybe in a couple of years," he said, setting down the last of the fixings on the floor beside him and shifting back to his feet to try and pry the panel off. It gave way pretty easily and he set it down, retrieving the cable he was fitting and looking down to see the path it needed to follow. An enormous crash jolted the whole shuttle, and a sharp cry of pain rang out. Leo looked up, no longer able to see Scotty stood where he had been a second ago, though he could now see the arm of the crane just in front of the shuttle, near to where Scotty had been standing. It looked like the crane had collided with the shuttle. "Scotty? You alright down there?" Leo called, moving towards the edge. It wasn't a large drop, only around two meters or so. Scotty didn't respond. Leo didn't waste a second and leapt off the side of the shuttle, landing on the concrete of the engineering bay and sprinting the few steps to where Scotty had just been standing. "Scotty? Scotty! Hey, talk to me," he said in a hollow, panicked voice. The older man was at the front of the shuttle, and the crane arm had caught him by one leg when it slammed into the shuttle, leaving him trapped there by his leg that was gushing an alarming amount of blood onto the floor. Not wasting a single second Leo sprinted to the nearest emergency call button and slammed his fist into it, the alarm ringing out immediately, before he ran back to Scotty's side. "Scotty?" he asked, touching his shoulder. He was very pale and his eyes were closed, already unconscious from shock and blood-loss. "Control booth, move the crane!" Leo yelled as loud as he could, stretching to try and see the booth but he could see nobody was in it. The puddle of Scotty's blood was growing by the second and Leo knew he had to act immediately. He wedged himself alongside Scotty and put his back against the shuttle frame, gripping the steel crane arm with both hands and pushing as hard as he could. His eyes closed, blood was rushing in his ears, he couldn't feel anything except the sheer panic and the desperate need to get Scotty's leg free. A dull thump next to him as Scotty was freed from the crane and collapsed onto the ground brought him back to his senses and he let go of the crane arm and opened his eyes, his vision whiting out around the edges from exertion. He didn't even look at the crane; his eyes went straight to Scotty's leg where his femur was protruding from his skin, blood absolutely pouring from the wound. Leo whipped his belt off and wrapped it around his thigh above the wound and pulled it as tightly as he dared with shaking hands. "Come on Scotty, don't you fucking dare die on me," he hissed. "HELP! ANYBODY?" he called out, unsure why nobody had yet responded to the alarm. An agonising few more seconds passed before help burst into the room. Emergency medical responders were on Scotty in an instant, and Leo took a step back to let them work. He turned away, unable to watch as they started working on him, but as he turned he came face to face with a security officer with his phaser drawn and pointed right at him. "Stop! Cadet, don't move," he warned and Leo frowned. "I didn't do anything. I just needed help for Commander Scott, the crane… somebody must have lost control of it but I didn't see anybody in the booth," he explained, taking a step towards the security officer. "One more step and I'll open fire. Do not move!" he ordered and Leo raised his hands as if in surrender. At the movement the officer depressed the trigger, hitting Leo square the in the chest with a stun blast. Leo looked down at his own chest and then back at the officer, not going down. In panic, the officer fired again, just as another officer fired for the first time. The two simultaneous stun-blasts were enough to send the part-Vulcan crumpling to the ground. Leo woke with a pounding headache and no idea how much time had elapsed. He determined immediately he was at Starfleet medical and based on the amount of wires hooked up to him, something major was going on. A doctor he didn't know was standing near the foot of his bed and looked up at his face, as if sensing from his vitals that he was awake. "Ah, Mr. Kirk, I'm relieved you've re-joined us, we were concerned about you," he said smoothly. "What happened?" Leo asked blearily. "Scotty. Commander Scott, is he alright?" he asked, much more alert after a few seconds. "Commander Scott may lose his leg, but I believe he has been stabilised and his life is no longer in immediate danger," the doctor answered and Leo exhaled heavily, attempting to lift his hand to push his hair back off his forehead where he was certain he must be sweating. He couldn't raise his arm, as it was linked to the bio-bed with a very solid looking set of handcuffs, one on each wrist. "You didn't tell me what happened? Or why I'm tied down doc. Am I under arrest?" Leo asked and the doctor gave a smile that was more like a baring of his teeth and did nothing at all to put Leo at ease, in fact it made him more wary of this guy. "You likely saved the Commanders life today kiddo, if you hadn't got him out and got your belt around his leg like you did he could have bled to death. That doesn't take long with the femoral artery you know," he said over-enthusiastically. "You're still not explaining why I'm here and strapped to a bed and why I feel like shit," Leo said bluntly, rapidly losing his patience as he was waking up fully. His chest hurt, his whole body hurt, and his mind was racing. "You bent a crane arm with a tensile strength of… well, I don't need to tell you how strong that crane arm was, do I? You're the engineer here. My point is that you're clearly an exceptional young man, capable of so much more than we ever knew," he said, again repeating the awful smile that wasn't a smile. "Adrenaline response. People do exceptional things under stress… I was trying to save Scotty's life," Leo justified, his level of discomfort rising. "Nobody could have done what you did today. We haven't seen strength like that since the augments. And recovering so quickly after your heart stopped too? Impressive." "My heart stopped?" Leo asked, feeling sick. "Well, you were hit with three stun blasts in short succession, two which were near-enough simultaneous. Your heart couldn't handle it. It re-started on its own before the medics could even get the cardio-stimulator anywhere near you," he explained, taking a few steps closer to the bed. "So what, you… you need to question me? About what I'm capable of?" Leo asked and the doctor tilted his head one way, looking down at him with clear curiosity. "Not exactly. We'd like to run some tests, we need to determine exactly how dangerous you are and whether you're fit to be released back into the general population-" "Dangerous?! I'm not fucking dangerous! I'm just an engineer. I was trying to save a good friend of mine and I reacted as anyone would have. It isn't my fault that maybe I'm a little stronger than the average cadet on the engineering floor. I don't want to do any tests. I want you to let me out of here, I want to go home," Leo said firmly and the doctor smiled again. "We're collecting your sister and your twin, because we'd like to run some tests on them too. It should only take us a couple of days and then we'll let you get on your way. I'll be back later to talk to you some more," he said, walking around Leo's bed and letting himself out of the room without another word. Leo lay still and tried to slow his pounding heart back to a normal rate. He needed to talk to Bones. He'd had problems with his heart as a kid, and he knew the doctor would want to take an extra careful look over him after what had happened. "Hey! Don't I get a phonecall?" Leo called out after the doctor who had left, he had a strange feeling the room was being monitored anyway. He didn't get a response. *~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~* Chris was settled on the couch with Thomas, trying to get him to keep still long enough to watch a very old classic movie that had been one of Jim's favourites. "Is boring," Thomas complained after only around ten minutes. "What do you mean boring, huh? Toy Story is a classic, you just have to wait for it to get good," Chris encouraged and Thomas yawned. "Uh oh. Does somebody need to go to bed?" "Not tired," Thomas said firmly. "Are you waiting for Dad to get home?" Chris asked and Thomas nodded stubbornly. "He isn't gonna be home until later, maybe not until ten and that's passed your bedtime," Chris reasoned and Thomas frowned. "But he promised story," he pouted and Chris shifted a little closer to him on the couch, reaching up for a blanket that was tucked away at the top of the seat and pulling it down to drape around the young boy. "How about if we watch some more movie and by the time it's done it'll be time for Dad to come home?" he asked and Thomas nodded, yawning widely and curling up against Chris, nuzzling his face into his side and throwing his arm across his thighs. He was asleep within minutes and Chris watched him sleeping for longer than he would be willing to admit to either David or Leo. He lost himself in his thoughts a little, trying to picture the best way to break the news to David. Maybe tonight when they went to bed, when they were cuddled together in the dark, safe in each-others company he'd mumble it to him, maybe take his hand and place it on his abdomen, maybe try to make it seem romantic, even if in his mind he knew really this was an accident neither of them knew could happen, but one he knew he wanted to love and protect. He was lost in his thoughts for a while until the door chime rang and Thomas stirred, pulling his arm back in his sleep and curling into a tighter ball. Chris carefully slipped out from under the blanket and out of the room, heading for the door. He opened it to find two Starfleet officers standing before him, both in plain black uniforms with only a shadow of the insignia on their chests to identify them. "Christopher Kirk?" the larger of the two men asked and Chris stood up to his full height. "That's me. How can I help you?" he asked, not liking the way it felt like the two men were sizing him up. He noticed that both were armed with phase pistols holstered at their thighs. "You're going to need to come with us, if you would," the smaller of the two men spoke up now and Chris frowned. "Why would that be?" he asked. "We have a warrant for your arrest." *~*~*~*~*~*~*~* END CHAPTER *~*~*~*~*~*~*~* A/N sorry totally not sorry for the cliffhanger! Next part coming next week :) Please leave me a review if you feel that way inclined!
Chapter Forty "My arrest? What are the charges?" Chris asked incredulously. "We can discuss that when we get to HQ, but would you please come with us. We don't want to cause any trouble here," the larger man spoke again and Chris snorted. "No. No we do not. Listen guys, as fun as it sounds to come with you, I actually can't. I can't leave the house right now because my son is here, and we're watching a movie and hanging out, and I also make a rule to never leave the house in sweatpants, so… goodnight," Chris said, going to shut the door and finding it blocked as the smaller man placed his hand on the panel to stop it from moving. "You don't have a son." "You clearly don't check public record do you? No you're right, biologically he's David's son, but I adopted him and I'm co-parenting him, and I'm the only one home right now taking care of a two year old, so unless you're going to leave a minor home alone and drag my ass out of this house, I'm not going with you," he said more firmly and the larger man blinked. "Get the kid," he instructed of his slightly smaller colleague, lunging forward and grabbing Chris, pinning him effectively to the door as the other man crossed into the house and went straight for the living room. "Don't touch him! Leave him alone!" Chris yelled as he heard Thomas start crying from the lounge. "I said leave him alone! If you give me five minutes I can get somebody to come over and take care of him, leave him out of whatever this is," he pleaded, fighting against the grip the large man had on him. "Probably better he comes with us, we need to test him too," he said, wrestling Chris so his chest and stomach were pressed against the door and forcing his hands behind his back and cuffing them there. Extremely conscious of his belly pressed tightly against the wall he craned his neck to see Thomas being held by the smaller of the two men and fighting against his grip, thrashing and squirming. "It's ok buddy, we're just gonna go answer a couple of questions for the police here and then we're gonna come home and finish our movie, and Dad will be back then too, ok?" he said in a forced calm voice. "Can you take these damn things off me? I'll go willingly, just let me hold him," Chris asked of the man who'd pinned him to the door. Thomas was as upset as Chris had ever seen him and it was breaking his heart. The officer looked at him for a long moment before uncuffing him so he could scoop Thomas up into his arms and hold him tightly. "It's ok little man. We just have to go and answer a few questions for the police here, I'm sure it's all just a big mistake and we'll be back home before you know it," Chris explained calmly though he was certain Thomas must be able to feel how hard and fast his heart was hammering against his ribs. The officers allowed Chris to remain unrestrained during the car ride to HQ, but when they arrived insisted on cuffing his wrists together as a 'precaution'. "Precaution my ass, I could break these if I really wanted," he grumbled as he was led down a long corridor he had never been down before, Thomas being carried by the smaller of the two men and kicking and screaming the entire way. Chris felt a strong surge of pride that Thomas was putting up such a fight and causing such a scene. He focused hard to try and send a message through his bond with David. Something is going on. I've been dragged out of the house and into HQ in handcuffs. Thomas is with me and whoever these assholes are that have arrested me. Chris was led further down the corridor until they turned left and entered a room with a metal table, a chair on either side. "Sit down," instructed the officer who had been leading Chris. Not really seeing another option, Chris sat on one side, placing his cuffed hands on the table in front of him. "I know my rights, and I get a phonecall. I also don't think we need to terrify an innocent child anymore, do we? So let me call David to come collect him, and then I'll talk to you but until then I'm not saying a word about anything," Chris said firmly. He maintained a resolute silence as a few questions were directed at him. They were simple questions, asking him to confirm his identity and date of birth, as well as his current track with Starfleet. He could hear Thomas still crying loudly in the hallway outside and it felt like a physical pain in his chest to not be able to comfort him. The officer dropped a communicator onto the metal table, the clang startling him a little. "One call," the man grunted and then left, closing the door behind him. Chris picked up the device and opened it, beginning to dial David's frequency and then realising that David probably wouldn't be the best help for him right now, and if he only had one call, he needed to use it wisely. He deleted the digits he had entered and started fresh, waiting just a few seconds before the call connected and a welcoming British accent greeted him. "Admiral McCoy." "Hi Carol, its Christopher. I'm sorry to bother you at home but I was hoping you could help me? Some gentlemen from an as-yet undisclosed subdivision of Starfleet have dragged me down to HQ in handcuffs. They haven't told me yet what I'm under arrest for, and I haven't been able to speak to David or Leo," he blurted out quickly but calmly. His heart was hammering against his ribcage so fast and hard it was physically hurting him. Carol was silent for a few seconds. "I'll be right there. Is Thomas alright?" she asked and Chris chewed his lip. "They brought him with us and he's pretty upset. I can't see him right now, they've got me in a metal box of an interrogation room and he's in the hallway where I can hear him screaming but I can't see him and he can't see me. I only get one call and I'm certain they're listening to this, and I need to see Leonard too as soon as possible, about a medical issue," he said calmly and he heard her take a slow inhale. "I'm getting in the car right now. I should be with you shortly," she said crisply and then cut off the call. Chris put the communicator back on the table and waited. A few minutes later the officer returned, this time with a man in a medical uniform in tow who settled into the chair opposite Chris. "Hello Christopher, my name is Doctor Hunt. I'm one of the medical staff based here at HQ," he said with a horrible false smile. Chris leant forward slightly in his seat, making firm eye contact with the Doctor. "Fuck you," he said clearly and the Doctor smiled more widely. "I wasn't aware that you and McCoy had a child. No prizes for guessing who the biological father is," he said smarmily and Chris chuckled. "You'd do better if you left our son out of whatever this is," Chris attempted to sound threatening, but fell short. It still hit him square in the chest every time he said or even thought the words 'our son'. "You guys did a pretty good job keeping your relationship quiet. Until the whole proposal thing happened. Was that him you just called? David? I hope you asked him to come and pick up the kid, he's making a scene." "Well if you could put him somewhere where he can see me he probably wouldn't be upset. I think it's actually a technique used by terrorists who take hostages to keep them apart where they can hear but not see each other, like a psychological torture, right? Which you're currently inflicting on not only me, but on a two year old," Chris said, managing to keep his voice perfectly level despite the pain in his chest. "So what made you two decide to have a kid? And so young too, McCoy would have been barely nineteen when that boy was conceived. Did you use a surrogate, or was there an accident somewhere in the past hmm? Seems odd that you guys didn't use the approach that Dr McCoy and your sister are having such great success with. Or would your body not stand up to that kind of strain?" he asked and Chris narrowed his eyes. "Shut about him. About both of them. What do you want with me? Why am I here?" The doctor placed a PADD on the table, a security video from the main engineering bay starting to play. A few moments into the footage Scotty entered the frame, and just a few moments after that he was slammed into the front of the shuttle Leo was working on, held in place by his upper leg which was trapped. Chris held his breath as he watched Leo spring into action and forcibly bend the crane arm, warping the shape of it so that he could free Scotty and get his belt around his leg to try and stem the alarming amount of blood. "This was a few hours ago. The last individual to sit in this room with that kind of strength is the reason you are even alive today," the doctor said and Chris looked up to meet his eyes again. "Khan?" "Bingo." "Wait… wait a second. You think Leo and I, and Seren, have abilities that match what Khan was capable of?" he asked and the doctor nodded. "You're not as stupid as I had anticipated." "Sorry to disappoint you," Chris bit back and the doctor's lip curled. "Sass will get you nowhere with me Mr Kirk. I can assure you that you will want to cooperate with me," he said flatly and Chris prickled. "Or what?" "Or what? Or… we push you to prove how dangerous you really are, and then get you placed into cryogenic sleep like the rest of them. How does that sound? Then McCoy will be left to raise the accident all by himself," he finished with a smirk and there was a loud metallic clang as Chris momentarily lost control and slammed the handcuffs into the table. "Settle down now Kirk. Temper temper," he scolded and Chris lowered his eyes to the floor. "Now we'd like for you to join us for a few tests in medical tonight, voluntarily of course," he said with a false smile and Chris felt sick. "What kind of tests?" he asked quickly. "Just some routine scans, blood tests, you know, nothing too complicated. We can actually get started here if you don't mind?" he smiled the horrible sickly smile again and opened the briefcase he had brought with him, removing what looked like a standard tri-corders bigger brother. "I want a lawyer. I want a member of the admiralty here too. If this is to do with Starfleet I have the right to request a senior officer be present. I don't consent to you taking any scans of me," Chris said finally after gathering his thoughts and supressing his rage. He could still hear Thomas whimpering faintly in the corridor and it was only serving to further fray his nerves. Hunt took the scanner out of its case and activated it, a series of whirring sounds being made by the device as he stood up and moved closer to Chris who recoiled in his chair, though he really had nowhere to go. Hunt scanned him for a long few moments and Chris just held resolutely still and silent. "Oh but Chris, there's already a member of the admiralty here," Doctor Hunt finally smiled as Admiral Mitchell rounded the corner into the room. "I always knew. I always knew the three of you were like him. I could never prove it, and I was never allowed to force investigation on you when you were minors, and then without probable cause… but then today. Well it's like Christmas came early," he said with a warped grin. Hunt set down the scanner and took a few steps to Mitchell, leaning in close and mumbling in his ear two words that Chris' sensitive hearing was able to pick up though a human would have missed it. Two words that set off his most primal, protective instinct as he now felt that not only was he under threat, but his child was too. He's pregnant. "You're insane. And I want a lawyer. You know, in fact as a dual citizen of Earth and Vulcan, you're breaking Federation law by not allowing me to contact a representative of my second homeworld," Chris attempted feebly, still keeping his eyes locked on the ground and Mitchell looked at him intently, Hunt turning back to face him and staring at him too now with a strange look on his face. "Nice try Kirk. You're entitled to entirely squat from New Vulcan, you've never even been there," he quipped back. Again, Chris did not look up. He tried to keep completely blank and not react to how threatened he felt. "Admiral. If I may interrupt, you are in fact incorrect," a crisp, deep voice interrupted from the doorway and Chris looked up so quickly that he almost hurt his neck. "Section four, paragraph seventeen, page one hundred and forty-seven of the regulations pertaining to citizens of dual federation heritage states that any such citizen charged with a criminal offence shall retain the right to contact a representative of either homeworld of their choosing, including, should they choose, a representative from each planet," Spock continued smoothly, his face completely neutral as he took three more carefully measured strides into the room. Chris could no longer hear Thomas crying in the hallway and strained his ears trying to listen for him. Mitchell looked like he had been slapped, and the Doctor had the same sour smirk on his face. "Under what charges have you detained Christopher tonight?" Spock asked and Mitchell opened his mouth to answer before closing it again, allowing Doctor Hunt to speak in his place. "He is being detained under section twelve of the dangerous species act," he said and Spock didn't hesitate. "And as section twelve of the dangerous species act pertains strictly to non-federation species, you will see that your charge is invalid. Christopher, upon your arrest do you recall if you were read your rights?" Spock asked and Chris shook his head. "Indeed," said Spock, quirking an eyebrow. "Well then it appears, Admiral, Doctor, that there have been several errors this evening. I understand that Leo was involved in and injured in an incident in the engineering bay and that he is now recovering upstairs in med bay. I request that you see to it that he is discharged immediately, so that he may convalesce at home under the supervision of his primary physician and myself. Christopher, have you been permitted to contact a legal representative before being interrogated?" Spock asked and Chris shook his head again. "Indeed another shortcoming. Admiral, it is almost as if you are unfamiliar with your basic Starfleet regulations regarding treatment of a prisoner. Should you require refreshment of this knowledge, I will be happy to provide you with extracurricular tuition on these matters. My office is located near to the main doors into the lecture area, where I believe you personally had it relocated to. Please do visit at your convenience; I will be only too pleased to assist in helping you regain your knowledge," Spock finished speaking and Chris fought the overwhelming urge to laugh at the look on Mitchell's face. He looked like he had been slapped and was slowly turning an alarming shade of puce as the rage boiled inside him, making him so incredibly angry he was unable to verbalise anything at all. "You're just in time for the good news Spock, before we break it to the media. You're going to be a grandfather. It appears Christopher here and his human friend have had another little accident. You'd think at least one of them would know how to use contraception, right?" Hunt waded in and Spock didn't react. Chris could feel sweat running down his back. Would they really stoop so low as to leak this to the media? Was there anything he could even do to stop them? Questions raced through his mind faster than he could come up with answers. "A miracle and a blessing upon our family, doctor," said Spock expressionlessly. "Now I am even more concerned by the manner in which Christopher has been treated tonight, if what you say is true. It would perhaps be wise to release him from your custody immediately. Extreme stress such as this is undesirable during pregnancy, particularly during a high risk pregnancy such as one by a physical male," Spock said with just a hint of a threat to his voice. Mitchell gave a single nod to Hunt, who motioned into the corridor. A guard entered the room and unlocked Chris' handcuffs and raised his arm to the doorway, indicating he could leave. Spock gave Chris a meaningful glance and he shot up out of his chair as fast as he dared and followed his father from the room. In the corridor far enough down to be out of earshot he found David in his gym kit holding Thomas tightly to his chest. Spock made a hand gesture for them all to remain silent and Chris just gave David a meaningful glance as they all followed Spock along the long series of winding corridors until they reached the main atrium where he finally stopped. "Now that we are in a pubic area of the building once again I must inform you that Admiral Mitchell and Doctor Hunt were acting outside of both Starfleet and Federation laws and policies. What has happened tonight is highly irregular but it is important you know that you have broken no laws. They should not have arrested you, and they most certainly should not have removed yourself and Thomas from your home. Are you well?" Spock asked and Chris blinked slowly, just staring at David and Thomas stood a few feet away. Thomas was curled around David's torso, arms looped around his neck and David was smoothing his untidy hair back, talking softly to him and comforting him. "I feel kind of shaken… a little nauseous, but I'm ok. Thanks for saving me in there," he said gratefully and Spock gave a single nod. "You are welcome. Carol regretted she was unable to interrupt the interrogation herself, but she was ensuring Seren was not bothered by any other Starfleet officers, at my request. As I was in my office upstairs it was far quicker for me to come down here and interrupt them." "Was Seren tracked down?" "It appears that they were unable to locate her, as she was in surgery with Doctor McCoy at the time. The doctor is eager to see you and Leo and ensure your wellbeing," he said and Chris gave a single nod. "We should go home then, I guess," David said awkwardly and Chris looked tense. He wanted to speak to Spock alone, and he wanted to speak to David alone. He needed to break the news to him. The last thing he wanted was for him to find out through the media. "I don't want to go back to the house. I feel kind of uneasy about it," Chris admitted and Spock looked at them both for a moment. "You would be welcome to return with me, and the offer of course extends to Thomas and David," he said, stealing a lingering glance at the young boy. Chris hadn't seen Spock interact much with him, he got the impression he was made a little uneasy by him. "Does Joanna know about any of this?" David asked. "I am uncertain. Your mother may have informed her, but it is unlikely as of yet," Spock answered and David nodded. "I don't want to tell her anything dramatic has happened, don't want to stress her out or anything," he said protectively. Since Joanna had announced her pregnancy David had become incredibly protective of his older half-sister, Chris wondered if he would become that protective over him when he found out the truth. "Do you know how Scotty is? And Leo?" Chris asked and Spock looked tense. "I am uncertain. I believe the latest update was that they were contacting Nyota to make the decision," he said and David looked confused. "What decision?" "On whether to amputate his leg. I understand the damage was severe and he will likely recover more fully should his own leg be removed and replaced with a prosthesis. I was going to attempt to contact her to offer my support at this time," he said and Chris nodded. "Jesus. I don't envy her having to make a decision like that. Call her Spock, and get Leo out of here too, we'll head to your house and get Thomas down for the night. Does my old room still have the double bed?" he asked. "Your bedroom remains unchanged," Spock answered quickly, removing his communicator from his pocket and bidding goodnight to the two young men, Thomas already asleep in David's arms, emotionally exhausted from his ordeal. The drive to Spock's home was tense, with many questions being thrown around about what may have gone on. The news that he was expecting their child was sitting on the tip of his tongue and Chris just couldn't get it out. David was already so stressed, so worried, it was just one more thing to cause him further anxiety. Chris tried to call Leo several times and got no answer. He also tried to call Molly Scott and didn't get an answer from her either. They arrived at his previous childhood home and Chris immediately questioned if he was doing the right thing by staying there that night, if he would have been better to just go home with David and Thomas, but something was telling him he wanted to be under the same roof as Spock, just in case. Despite how distant they had become, he knew Spock would always have his back. "What if… what if this all has to do with Hughes?" David asked quietly as they sat in the driveway for a few seconds. "Why would it be anything to do with her?" Chris asked, confused. "I mean… it's all mysterious, don't you think? She left me that crazy message, saying she was sick and was going to die within a few years, then you said that when they took you and Thomas from the house they said they needed to 'test him too'… test him for what? What could you have, and then Thomas also have too? What could she have had that both you and him could have?" he asked thoughtfully and Chris screwed up his face in concentration before a very unpleasant thought crossed his mind. "You said Hughes' parents died right? When she was small?" "Yeah, she was nine." "And then she was what… in the care system? Starfleet raised her?" Chris pressed and David shrugged. "I guess so. I'm not enormously familiar on her history." "You never asked her about her life?" Chris asked and David punched the steering wheel hard enough that the car jolted. "Damn it Chris, no I didn't! OK? I met her at a bar, I went back to her place, and we didn't do a whole lot of talking. I met her again a week later, again… not a whole lot of talking. Then I was on the ship with her for a couple of weeks and to begin with she was a complete asshole to me. The only time she actually opened up and talked to me about anything was aboard that Orion ship and like hell do I remember anything she said to me," he ranted, slumping back in the seat and looking defeated. "What if she told you something important when you were on that ship together? What if she told you the answer to all of this and you just can't remember?" Chris asked and David looked at him suspiciously. "What exactly are you suggesting here?" "I mean what… what if we did like… a really deep meld. If I got my mind totally, completely empty and then got into yours and… dug out all the memories from when you were on that ship? See what she told you? If you think this is all linked to her?" Chris offered and David stared at him for a long few seconds. "Do you think Starfleet experimented on her? Made her… like the augments? Like Khan? Tried to make her into a… weapon?" David asked and Chris shrugged. "Maybe she told you. Maybe I can find it inside your mind wherever it got buried," he offered again and David looked uncertain. "I need to think about all this," David said finally and Chris nodded. "We should get him inside and down for the night," he said, inclining his head back at Thomas who was fast asleep in his car seat. Mumbling an agreement, David got out of the car and carefully extracted Thomas from his seat before following Chris into the house and up the stairs. Being in this house always made him uneasy because it felt like a raw aching wound without Jim there to greet them. "Professional baby whisperer," Chris smirked as he crept up beside David who had managed to get Thomas inside, upstairs and undressed without the boy even stirring from his slumber. "He's not really a baby. Even just in the time he's been with us he's grown and changed so much. He's getting so big," he sighed and Chris shot him a sideways glance. "Don't worry, we can make more of these," Chris pointed out with a smirk and David blushed a little. He was testing the water really with his comment, seeing how David responded to any talk of another baby. "Someday another one would be really cool," he admitted and Chris chuckled, feeling relieved that David's reaction had been only positive to the mention of another baby someday. "He's so great. He's so smart too with all his words." "Well you read to him a lot which is going to help," David pointed out as he tried to carefully manoeuvre the sleeping child's legs into a pair of pyjamas. "I like reading him stories. Reminds me of Jim reading to all of us when we were kids. You remember that far back? On the ship? He used to get us all together in him and Spock's quarters and sit us in a circle on the bed and then get in the middle and read us all the classics," Chris said fondly and David frowned. "I don't really have any memories of being on the ship. I was too young," he said as he carefully finished pulling Thomas' pyjamas on. "If you ever want to share mine all you ever have to do is ask, maybe I could even help you dig back far enough to get to your own." "Yeah maybe," David said absently as he carefully tucked Thomas into the middle of the bed, his dark hair scattering messily on the pillow. "Little man needs a haircut," Chris chuckled, reaching out to run his fingers lightly through the messy curls. "Nope. I like his curls. They're not coming off. I prefer yours a little longer like this too," David said, affectionately messing up Chris' hair with one hand. "Really? I feel like a hot mess," Chris shrugged him off. "Nah, just hot," David smirked a little and Chris rolled his eyes. Between the few things he and Leo had left around at the house when they moved out, Chris was able to track down some pyjama pants for both himself and David. He found an extra old tee that belonged to Jim and before putting it on drew it in close to his face and inhaled deeply, a sharp pang in his chest at the familiar scent of Jim's aftershave. "I miss him a lot right now," David spoke up from the doorway and Chris startled, glancing round. "Yeah. Me too. I have a lot of questions about being a good father. He would have loved Thomas, I'm so sorry he'll never get to meet him," Chris sighed, inhaling deeply from the shirt again and sitting heavily on the bed in Leo's old bedroom. David sat beside him and gently took the shirt from his hands and took his own deep breath from it and closed his eyes. When he opened them they were a little glassy with tears. "We should get some sleep, tomorrow is going to be a shit-storm," David said quickly before Chris could comment. They didn't say anything else and silently got ready for bed before settling down on either side of Thomas and trying to get to sleep. Chris kept himself partially awake so he would hear Spock get home and when he did a short while later and David and Thomas were asleep he crept from the room to find his father at the bottom of the stairs. "Were you able to make David aware of your pregnancy?" Spock asked quietly and Chris held his gaze for a moment before shaking his head slightly. "It wasn't the right time to tell him, not with everything that's happened tonight." "I believe you may not have much choice. Doctor Hunt will be able to add the scans he collected from you tonight to your medical record at Starfleet, something which is not confidential to staff members. I do not believe it would be difficult for him or Admiral Mitchell to coerce somebody into leaking the information to the media," Spock said as he slid off his shoes and placed them neatly by the door, then gestured with his eyes towards the living room. Chris went in first and Spock followed, closing the door behind him. "I took the liberty of contacting Doctor McCoy. He is on his way here now to examine you himself. It would appear he was already aware," Spock said, with the tiniest hint of jealousy lacing his voice, perhaps jealous that Bones had found out before him. "You sound almost happy Spock," Chris sighed, relaxing back into the couch a little. "I did mean what I said to the Doctor and Admiral. A child is a blessing upon our house and clan. When did you become aware of your ability to carry a child?" Spock asked and Chris chuckled. "Well, I found out last Sunday morning after the wedding. Bones confirmed it for me, and he's been chasing me all week to go in so he can get a better look over me but I've been ducking him. I'm uh… I'm a little scared if I'm honest Spock," he admitted and Spock inclined his head slightly. "May I?" Spock asked, reaching his hand forward and Chris hesitated for a moment before giving a small nod and moving his own hand aside. Spock placed his hand against Chris' belly, his fingertips pressed more carefully against him. He closed his eyes for a moment and kept his hand entirely still, looking deep in concentration before opening his eyes and withdrawing his hand. "The child is almost psi-null," he said with a curious expression. "Well… I mean, if they're Vulcan hybrid but removed by a couple of generations I guess it would get weaker, right?" Chris shifted uncomfortably as he felt the strange fluttering inside his abdomen again, Spock holding his hand completely still in a way that Chris was sure meant he could feel it from the outside too. "I am uncertain if any such child exists for comparison," he finally answered, looking mesmerised by the tiny movements under his hand. "I think David will probably want a girl," Chris said, shifting subtly in a way that gently suggested to Spock it was time to break their physical contact. Spock understood and retracted his hand. "Do you have a preference?" "I've never really thought about it. I just want my body to be able to get through carrying them. Seren told me a while back that if David and I ever were to try their procedure I wouldn't be a viable candidate because of my injuries. Hopefully it isn't causing them any issues just yet," Chris said, feeling odd talking about a being he had only just learned existed. "I believe between Seren and Doctor McCoy a solution will be found to ensure a successful pregnancy," Spock said, obviously meaning well but fuelling the little bit of doubt in Chris' mind that he might not be able to do this. They sat and chatted a while until Spock's comm chirped, Bones letting them know he was there. Chris got up and sidled to the door, opening it slowly. Bones looked at him and narrowed his eyes. "Bones I'm sorry, I should have come to you earlier this week like you asked and-"Chris began and was cut off as the doctor stepped into the house and grabbed him in a firm, fatherly hug. Chris automatically returned it, somewhat awkwardly, and then stepped back when he was released. "I'm glad you're safe kid, sounds like Starfleet have some rogue agents in their ranks, anything could'a happened to you! Now that's over with, get in the living room and get on the couch," he instructed and Chris smirked at the instant reoccurrence of the doctors' usual gruff bedside manner, doing as he was told. Bones grabbed a few medical bags from his car and followed him into the living room, giving Spock a short nod in greeting. "Alright kid, gonna hook you up to a few things, none of this will hurt. I need you to ditch the sweatshirt and shirt," he requested and Chris did as he was told. He removed the sweatshirt first, one of David's he'd stolen, and then Jim's old tee-shirt. He noticed the painful recognition in Spock's eyes as he removed it and placed it aside. "Alrighty then, let's see what's going on here," he muttered to himself, setting about opening the numerous bags and cases he'd brought with him. He connected a basic wrist cuff to Chris' left wrist, sending his vitals to a PADD he set on the coffee table. Next he placed a series of small, circular devices all across his abdomen and chest. Each was adhesive and held itself in place. The ones on his chest looked different to the ones on his abdomen. Bones then depressed the small button in the centre of each of them one at a time before removing a similar device only larger from its case and placing it on the coffee table alongside the PADD. He pressed the control in the centre of it and a hologram sprung from the device of an odd shaped lump, smaller than a football but a similar off-spherical shape, Chris frowned at it. "What's that? Looks like a potato," he commented and the doctor muttered something that didn't sound like anything good. "It's your uterus. Damn it kid you're way too small," he answered, meeting Chris' eyes very briefly before his eyes scanned downwards, looking at his abdomen. "Let me take a few layers off the holo," he said, fidgeting with yet another PADD for a long few minutes before the hologram changed. Chris exhaled heavily as the three-dimensional image of the baby appeared, hovering above the coffee table and rotating slowly. Their head was down and legs folded, arms tucked in close. As they rotated Chris's eyes skimmed over the image, brimming with a few tears, especially as they rotated further and Chris' spotted something… "It's a boy," Bones said softly, eyes also fixed on the hologram. "I don't know what to say. He's incredible," Chris breathed, watching the hologram with rapt attention. The baby moved a little, flexing his tiny fist and scrumpling his face momentarily. It was hard to make out who the face most resembled, the ears were certainly his, tiny and pointed, though his little scowl a moment ago had looked like David. "Go wake David up," the Doctor instructed Spock and Chris opened his mouth to protest. "Chris. We talked about this at the weekend and you told me you would tell him. You're at roughly twenty-five weeks. The time for keeping this from David to protect him is long gone. He's coming out of there in the next five weeks at most, because the uterus has latched onto your liver for its blood supply. It's far too dangerous for you to go to full term, your liver function is already way out according to these readings," the doctor explained seriously and Chris looked between him and Spock and the hologram for a long few moments. "Okay. But let me do it, I'll wake him," Chris said, pressing the thumb of his left hand to his left temple and focusing hard on their bond. Hey wake up. I've uh… got some life changing news for you. A few seconds later he heard the beginning of stumbling around upstairs, then after another long few seconds footsteps on the staircase. "You ready to treat someone for cardiac arrest Bones?" Chris asked lightly and the Doctor smiled. "Almost had to treat myself for it," he sighed running a hand tiredly through his hair. "Chris what in the hell-" David began as he rounded the corner of the room, rumpled with sleep and blinking in the bright light. It took him a few seconds to take in the scene before him. Chris sprawled on the couch shirtless and covered in scanners, Spock sitting very close to him, far closer than he usually would. Containers of medical equipment littered the floor, his father standing near to Chris and holding two PADD's stacked together, and finally the hologram hovering above the coffee table – life sized and in real time. "You should sit down," Bones said and David just stared at Chris. "David. Sit down before you fall down," he said more firmly as the colour began to visibly drain from David's face as he started to understand what was going on. "Come here," Chris said softly, his dark eyes locked onto David's blue ones as if there was nothing and nobody else in the room. The human took a few steps into the room towards the couch and then crumpled ungracefully beside Chris who turned to him and moved closer, reaching out and taking his bondmates face into his hands tenderly, moving forward and pressing his forehead against the humans. "Chris," David forced out in a choked voice. "Yeah?" Chris asked softly, their foreheads resting together, eyes locked, lips barely a centimetre apart. "Did we make a baby?" David asked and everyone in the room chuckled, even Spock made a sound that sounded almost like a tiny chuckle. "We did," Chris answered, barely above a whisper. David let out a choked dry sob, eyes closing for a second and re-opening swimming with tears. "That's… pretty cool," David breathed and Chris grinned, surging forwards and kissing him soundly. As Chris began to pull back, David pushed forward, his hands finding the sides of Chris' face. When they parted they both sat in a stunned silence, just holding eachothers faces in their hands and looking stunned but both grinning stupidly. David sniffled and his father cleared his throat, causing him to glance at him. He indicated the hologram with his eyes and David turned his attention to the image, taking in their unborn child for the first time. "Damn. He's got your everything, did you clone yourself or…?" David asked and Chris chuckled. "I think he looks more like you." "I am certain this debate can be settled in only a few short weeks," Spock added smoothly. "A few weeks? How many weeks are we in?" David asked and Chris' heart gave a little flutter at how he worded the question as 'we'. He was so relieved David hadn't immediately run from him. "We're looking at around twenty-five weeks. Chris we need to monitor you really closely, and you need to be gaining some serious weight. Baby is not doing good on their weight percentile, so you gotta up your calories okay? David, feed him up, that's an order," Bones instructed firmly. "Also, stay the hell away from the gym, don't do any exercise this guy tells you to do. The only thing you're allowed to do now is light activity, gentle walking, swimming… nothing crazy. You may find it uncomfortable to lay flat on your back, that's because you shouldn't be doing it until after the baby comes now. No drugs, no alcohol, no chocolate, no excessive amounts of caffeine. Do I make myself clear?" Bones asked the two young men and both nodded obediently. David shifted a little uncomfortably about Chris not being allowed to lay on his back, that was why he'd been so unhappy in that position the other night. "Oh… and for the sake of all that is good in this universe, no rough sex," Bones said bluntly and Chris snorted as David blushed crimson. "Not my fault David can't control himself…" Chris mumbled with a smirk and David shoved him. Bones pretended not to hear them. "So are you experiencing anything unusual to your normal routine? Any food cravings?" Bones asked, making some notes on one of the PADD's. "Uh… I'm extra tired, maybe a little emotional, I've been meditating longer to deal with it, and I've not had cravings, just aversions to almost everything," Chris admitted. Sensing his bondmate was getting cold, David snagged the soft blanket draped over the back of the couch and wrapped it around Chris' shoulders, placing a gentle kiss at his temple and then resting his hand on his knee as the older man continued to answer Bones' questions. "And is your sexual function all working as it should?" Bones asked, looking stubbornly at his PADD and not at Chris. "Wow Bones, that's kinda personal, at least buy me dinner first," Chris smirked, David blushing again. "Answer the damn questions," Bones snapped and Chris stifled his laughter. "Yep. All systems normal. Maybe actually a little more excitable than usual, but David's been working out a lot so…I attributed it to that," Chris trailed off, unable to resist the opportunity to make the doctor uncomfortable. Bones looked up with narrowed eyes. "If I hadn't sworn an oath to do no harm…" he threatened vaguely, both Chris and David laughing now at his empty words. "If you can make it to twenty-eight weeks then I think we should take it," Bones said seriously and Chris and David looked at each other. "Twenty eight weeks as in… three weeks from now?" David asked and the Doctor looked at him incredulously. "I believe I taught you to count. Yes. Three weeks from now. Baby needs to gain some weight and then get out before the uterus trashes Chris' liver entirely. I'm also not entirely convinced your skin will stretch enough where your scarring is, so we don't want you getting too big because it could cause issues. I want to check on you every three days, maybe even daily, and that's not negotiable," he insisted as Chris opened his mouth to argue. "So Spock, what did Jim like to eat when he was expecting, hmm? Because I think this baby is hungry and Chris needs a home-cooked meal," the doctor said, obviously trying to get Spock involved. "I already ate tonight," Chris answered quickly and David gave him a sideways glance. "You're eating again," he said firmly and Chris sighed. "I believe I know what you need," Spock said, rising from the couch beside Chris and padding silently into the kitchen. Bones looked between David and Chris and the hologram, not missing the extremely serious look David was giving Chris. "You… you were carrying him when you came aboard that Orion ship to bring me home," David said quietly and Chris looked thoughtful for a second. "Yeah, I guess I was," he agreed. "Didn't you have a full medical workup when you got back to the ship?" Bones asked and Chris shrugged. "I refused medical care initially so there were more resources available for people who needed them more. I guess I just got a quick once-over because of pheromone exposure," Chris dismissed, now sniffing the air as the smell of whatever Spock was cooking drifted into the room. "Alright kid let me get those things off you," Bones said, approaching the couch, David raising a hand to stop him. "Could we have a second, before you take the holo away?" David asked, setting one hand protectively on Chris' abdomen. Bones nodded and clapped his hand on David's shoulder briefly before leaving them to have a moment of privacy. He made small-talk with Spock as he cooked, Plomeek soup, and then headed back into the room a few minutes later with a large bowl of the bland smelling dish. "He kicked me in the face!" David protested, pointing at the hologram. Chris was smirking. "You put your face where he could kick it…" Chris defended. "How do you think Thomas is going to handle this?" Bones asked as he was finally allowed to disconnect the scanners from Chris and put them carefully away back in their case. "I think he'll be a good big brother. He's caring and smart and he'll want to help his brother learn and grow," answered Chris before David could respond. "No more talking from you. Eat," David said firmly, picking up the soup from the coffee table where Spock had placed it, handing it to Chris who looked at it tiredly. David raised his eyebrow threateningly and Chris looked defeated, taking a cautious mouthful. He looked undecided for a moment before moaning in pleasure. "Oh god. That's the stuff," he groaned, digging in for more. Spock quirked an eyebrow and David stole a bite of the dish to see what he was missing out on. "It doesn't taste like anything?" David frowned as Chris continued to practically keen over the soup. "Exactly," Chris grinned. They sat in relative silence until Chris had finished eating and pulled his shirt and sweater back on, giving a small shiver as he did so and then yawning widely before looking startled and looking down at his own abdomen. "What is it?" Bones asked, concern creeping into his expression. Chris reached out for David's hand and brought it over to his stomach, placing it down carefully. He held David's hand in place for a few seconds, staring at him in wonder until David jolted his hand away, looking amazed. "Holy shit! How haven't you noticed that before?" David asked and Chris laughed. "He hasn't kicked me like that before! Not really, maybe only once or twice. Baby likes your cooking Spock," Chris smiled and Spock's expression softened. "Yourself and your brother responded in a most similar fashion. I had hoped this may be the outcome," he said, looking confused as Chris beckoned him over. "Feel," he offered, allowing Spock to place a tentative hand on his abdomen again. For a few seconds all Spock felt was the soft texture of the sweatshirt covering his skin but then he felt a distinct thud against his palm. "Leonard, you should also experience this," he said, giving up his space for the Doctor to move in and place his hand instead, getting kicked almost instantly. "Well aint that just the darndest thing. Eat up Chris, little guy needs his strength," he ordered and Chris nodded dutifully. "You guys want to tell everyone else yourselves or am I allowed to tell your mother?" he asked and David looked at Chris for a second. "We'll tell everybody tomorrow, just in case Mitchell wasn't bluffing and he'll actually go to the media with it. We should also probably make our own announcement and get ahead of it, so we're in control of the story breaking. Did you get any news on Leo?" Chris asked and Bones shook his head. "Carol tried to. He's in Starfleet medical and they won't release him. She got an update on Scotty though, he's stable at least," he said heavily and Chris nodded. "Do not concern yourself for your brother for now, I am certain he will be fine," said Spock and Chris pulled a face. "Fine is unacceptable. Fine has multiple definitions," he pointed out and Spock opened his mouth the respond just as the front door to the house opened and there was a commotion in the hallway. "Spock? Could you give me a hand?" Seren's voice called. Spock rose from the couch without hesitation, the others following. They found Seren in the hallway, Leo leaning heavily on her, twisted expression on his face and gasping for breath. "Leo you idiot," Bones hissed, taking one look at the young man and helping Seren hold him up, helping him into the house and towards the other couch where he settled down and lay completely still on his side, breathing shallowly. "How were you able to get him discharged from Starfleet medical?" Spock asked Seren who mumbled a response. "You did what?" Bones asked her to clarify and she spoke up. "He did a Jim Kirk special and discharged himself from medical care, against my instructions. He's arrhythmic, he needs-" she began and Leo held up a hand. "They were going to experiment on me, they so much as told me that," he argued weakly and Bones delved for his medical kit once again, scanning Leo quickly and his face turning extremely stern as he did so. "Damn it Leo you're in no fit state to be pulling a stunt like this!" he scolded as he returned to digging through his medical bag. Seren now had her eyes on David and Chris, Chris hadn't noticed her looking as he was fixated on Leo but David had, and was crumbling under her stern blue gaze. He felt almost as though she was reading his mind without touching him, which though he knew it was impossible, it still felt that way. "Hold still kid, this is gonna hurt," he warned gently as helped Leo wriggled out of his shirt, then positioned two devices on Leo's skin, one on either side of his heart. "What… what are you gonna do?" Leo asked with alarm as Bones stepped back and made sure nobody was touching the young man. "Oh… nothing. We'll go on three. One, two-" Leo cried out in pain as Bones went on two and the devices shocked him. "Motherfucker!" he hissed as Bones began removing the two electrical instruments. "It hurts less if it's a surprise," Spock said flatly, with a look at Leonard referring to an incident a long time ago on a strange planet, of which Spock still bore a small scar on his abdomen. "Arrhythmia is gone," Seren noted, taking a fresh scan. "And now he needs to sleep. David, could you give me a hand to carry him upstairs?" he asked and Seren looked at them both quizzically. "Would Chris not be more suited, as he is more equal in strength and body mass to Leo?" she asked and Chris looked guilty. "I'm not allowed to do any heavy lifting right now. For maybe another couple of weeks, maybe a month or two if I'm lucky," he said vaguely and Seren's expression flickered. "Are you…" she trailed off and Chris gave a non-committal half shrug. "Christopher, share your news with your siblings," Spock prompted as though Chris was a very young child. "Alright guys. David and I may have accidentally reproduced. We're having a boy, I mean… another boy," he spilled and Seren and Leo both stared at him for a long moment. "You're shitting me," Leo finally spoke, tone completely flat and facial expression definitely verging on angry. "We're not kidding Leo," David answered, looking a little confused by Leo's negative reaction, his hand settling protectively on Chris' shoulder. "Medically it is inadvisable-" Seren began and then stopped, looking at the two men. "Under strict supervision, perhaps. It would not be feasible to reach full term though," she finished, expression still a little grave. "We already talked about that. We're gonna go for twenty eight weeks and see how we're doing, then just take it day by day," Bones interjected. "Why are you guys acting like I've done something wrong?" Chris asked quietly. "Leo's in a lot of pain right now, he's probably not thinking straight," David tried to justify. "Leo's fucking jealous," Leo admitted, his frown fading. "But I'm happy for you guys, so long as Chris doesn't die. So yeah. Don't die. Someone please help me get to a bed?" he asked wearily and David hesitantly let go of Chris' shoulder to help Spock drag Leo upstairs. "You don't seem very happy for us either," Chris pointed out to Seren in an accusatory tone and she looked guilty. "I am of course happy for you. From a medical standpoint I am concerned, and I think I would feel more reassured if I were able to go over your scan results myself. But please don't mistake my concern for not being happy. Did you save a holo?" she asked and Bones handed her a small chip Chris hadn't noticed him making a copy of. She located a handheld player from the shelf behind her and watched the image as it sprang to life and rotated slowly above her outstretched palm. "He's a handsome little thing, and advanced… I assumed you were telling us you were at twelve weeks, not in excess of twenty-four," she said finally, with a small smile. They sat in relative silence until Spock and David reappeared, Thomas clinging to David's hip as he had been disturbed by all the commotion of getting Leo upstairs and into his bed. Seren left, bidding them goodnight. Bones wasn't far behind, with a promise of weighing Chris every day if he had to in order to ensure appropriate weight gain. Spock left them alone in the lounge for privacy, heading upstairs to bed. Chris and David lounged together on the couch, Thomas half asleep laying with them. "Should we tell him?" David asked after a long silence. "Should we tell him and then tell everyone?" Chris asked and David looked up at him. "I don't doubt the story will have broken before the morning. I'd rather be in control of it. We can announce it in our own way. It's our baby, we should get to tell people, not some asshole Admiral," he said firmly and David looked thoughtful for a moment before nodding. "How do you want to do it?" he asked and Chris looked uncertain for a minute before coming up with an idea he thought might work. "I've got an idea, but we need to tell Thomas first," he said and David nodded, gently sitting Thomas up to much protest from the sleepy toddler. "I know you're tired, I know. It's bedtime really soon. But first, we have to tell you something really important ok?" David said softly and Thomas nodded. "You're going to be a big brother. You're going to have a little baby brother soon," he explained and Thomas looked at them blankly. "Brother?" he asked and Chris nodded. "Yeah. Like how Uncle Leo is my brother, you're going to be a brother too. You're going to have a little brother to play with," he explained and Thomas looked at them both sternly. "Do I have to share toys?" he asked finally and they both burst into laughter. "Maybe when he gets older, but when he first gets here he's going to be too little to play with any of your toys. He's just going to do a lot of sleeping and crying," David explained. "Where is he?" Thomas asked and David looked to Chris, who rolled up his shirt to expose the small bulge in his abdomen. "For now he's growing in Chris' belly. Until he gets big and strong enough to come out and meet us all. You can touch him, gently see," David explained, guiding Thomas' small hand onto Chris' abdomen and pressing it lightly. "He might be sleeping now, but sometimes when he's awake he might move and you might be able to feel it," Chris told him and Thomas looked up at him with a huge grin on his face. He pressed the side of his face against Chris' exposed skin and hugged his arms around his waist, holding still there. David placed his hand on the back of Thomas' head, and Chris lowered his right hand to settle on the side of his small bulge, left hand using his personal comm. to snap a quick picture looking down, with the top of Thomas' head, David's hand, his own hand, and his belly framed in the shot. "When you're done giving him a hug we can go to bed, okay?" David asked softly and Thomas nodded, his face still against Chris. They ended up sitting there on the couch with Thomas clinging onto Chris until he fell asleep on his feet and David had to scoop him up to carry him upstairs. As they settled down to bed Chris was able to show David the picture he'd taken. "You should use that to announce it. Post it on your socials page, people will freak out for it," he said as they curled up under the blankets together. "But it has Thomas in it, you don't want his picture out there," Chris said and David shook his head. "It doesn't have his face in it, the top of his head like that is fine for me, and it's a nice picture, the four of us," he said with a small smile and Chris grinned, leaning across to kiss his bondmate. "I like the sound of four of us," he smiled as he pulled back. He edited the picture slightly, cropping it a little and deciding he preferred the colours muted into black and white, before he posted it to his social media account. He still had a huge following from back in his modelling and acting days, before David and Starfleet and his injury. He rarely ever posted anything on it these days. He added a simple caption '#4, coming soon' before ensuring the device was set to silent and placing it to one side. He lay awake for a long while, long after David had drifted off beside him. His mind strayed to Jim, and how much he would have loved to know that they were raising Thomas, and now that Chris was going to a biological parent. His memory drifted back to the day a long few years ago, before he left for rehab, when he knelt in the cold beside Jim's grave in the middle of the night and he promised to make him proud. He hoped he was succeeding.
EDIT: I'M SO SORRY about the formatting the first time this posted! I have NO idea what happened but it's fixed now :) Chapter Forty-One ***THREE YEARS EARLIER*** "So, who's the father?" Olivia looked up from where she was crouched over hugging the toilet bowl and glared as best she could at her roommate. "Nobody," she murmured as she spat and got up to flush the toilet and rinse her mouth. "Uh huh, sure, so you just bailed on Mansell for nothing? You know he doesn't like people leaving his lectures early," Madeleine said, still leaning casually against the doorway as her roommate cleaned herself up. "Well, I think Professor Mansell loves the sound of his own voice so much if it were up to him we'd never be allowed to leave his class at all," Olivia smirked as she dispensed some toothpaste onto her toothbrush and then shoved it in her mouth. "So you didn't answer my question. You're pregnant," Madeleine stated, and this time certainly not as a question. Olivia continued to brush her teeth until she was done before spitting and rinsing her mouth, turning to her roommate. "I'm not sure why that's relevant," she crossed her arms across her chest defensively. "Well… I mean, it affects me as having a kid in our dorm will probably cause us problems," she pointed out and Olivia shrugged, walking out of the room and back into the bedroom, removing herself some gym gear from her closet and shucking her pyjama pants, picking up her leggings to pull them on. "Lucky for you my due date is before graduation, so we'll be out of your hair immediately after," she pointed out flatly as she switched her shirt. At fourteen weeks she was barely showing at all, but she knew it was only a matter of time until she wouldn't be able to hide so easily. "So who's the father?" Madeleine persisted. "I don't know," Olivia answered, only half lying. "That a serious kind of 'I don't know' or a vague 'I do know but I'm not telling'… because I feel like it's the second one," she pointed out. Pulling on her jogging shoes, the pregnant cadet glared at her roommate before leaving without another word. She jogged through the central portion of campus, heading out in the direction of the water, wanting to feel the bay breeze on her clammy skin. She'd have to go back to the doctor's office tomorrow for another round of tests and the thought of it was only adding to her nausea. Madeleine definitely suspected there was some kind of medical concern about her general health, but definitely didn't know what was really going on. For all her star-mapping ability she was fortuitously blind to what was right under her nose. That her roommate was genetically enhanced, experimented on, and now had broken the rules that had been instilled in her from such a young age. Do not reproduce. She had been alone as long as she could remember but the last few weeks had finally begun to feel not so alone after all the time since her parents had died. She told herself she was imagining being able to sense the presence of the tiny life she was carrying. When she found out she had called the father. David McCoy, son of the famous doctor who served alongside Captain Kirk, and his mother a renowned scientist and weapons expert. He hadn't picked up. She called him again the day after, feeling weak as he picked up and she said nothing. She wanted to tell him, she really did. She'd been warned of her life expectancy and she knew that she wouldn't see her child's tenth birthday. She didn't want to condemn them to the life of solitude that had left her in her current situation, but she also didn't have any reason to trust him to care for something that had already become so precious to her. She had been assured that the baby would not be affected by her edited blood as long as she kept up her regimen of medications. Tests so far had confirmed all was normal and she was determined to keep it that way. She jogged gently as far as the water's edge and rested there before returning to campus. Madeleine became the closest thing to a friend she had known in some time over the course of the next few months, and as her roommate held her hand for her and dabbed at her sweaty forehead during her contractions she was certain they were officially friends now. "So, human huh?" she had asked some time later, sitting on the bed beside the new mother who was holding her son uncertainly. "Uh huh." "Dark hair, Caucasian skin. But could be your dark hair. Hmm," she pondered, squinting at the new baby as if he would lean out of the bundle of blankets and whisper his identity to her if she stared hard enough. "You gonna run through every dark-haired Caucasian male in the bay area until you find him? I've told you Mad, I don't know who he is. I don't care who he is. I've got a place to live and I can afford to eat and once he's a bit bigger I can go out on missions and life will go on," she said determinedly. "You name him yet?" Madeleine asked, accepting defeat on the paternity question. "Not yet. I was thinking about naming him Thomas," she said, wincing in pain as she moved slightly, trying not to disturb the sleeping newborn. "Kinda a serious name for a cute little baby." "Well he needs a man's name for when he's older. I can't be calling him something that'll be cute when he's three and stupid when he's thirty. I want him to have a chance in life," she scoffed. "Thomas Hughes. What do you think?" she asked aloud, not sure if it was to herself or Madeleine. "If you like it you should do it." She did. She stuck with the name, including Allen as the middle name to honour her father. After a day under observation she was released back to her tiny new ensign's ground quarters in one of the main residential buildings. Arriving back at the building with this tiny new life to care for whilst still feeling so fragile in her own body was scary. Once the door closed to the outside world and she was left inside her new apartment that she had only lived in for a matter of weeks she felt as though the walls were closing in. At six weeks she asked for an assignment. Mitchell had looked incredulous. "You want to go out? Now? Don't you have a baby to take care of?" "Six weeks of age is the minimum requirement for family services to care for him in my absence, sir," she answered determinedly. "The Reliant ships out in a month, I'll get you a position," he conceded. She had nodded and left his office without another word. She had memories of Gary Mitchell going all the way back to when she was nine years of age. Starfleet family services taking her in after her parents death. She had hoped maybe she could be adopted, go to a new family. Instead she became part of something different entirely. ***PRESENT DAY*** "How many of these will he need? Like… one a day until he grows too big for them right?" David asked, handling a pack of newborn-sized babygrows. "One a day? Try five," his father snorted and David looked alarmed. "How much poop and puke can one tiny human make?!" he asked, looking downright horrified. "Human-Vulcan. And a lot. How's Chris today?" David sighed and put the little packet of three back, picking up a larger one containing ten in stereotypical boys colours and tossing it towards their cart absentmindedly. "He's so tired. He's trying to work but he's so damn tired and I don't think he's listening to his body enough." "You need to tell him-" "I've told him! I can't stop him, I can only ask him nicely. He was in LA this morning, filming something for an evening talk-show, he got home and just passed out, I didn't have the heart to wake him to bring him," he said and Bones rolled his eyes. "Who watches those evenin' talk shows anymore anyway?" he asked gruffly, steering the cart into the next section which seemed to have even tinier clothing. "A lot of people, apparently. I don't know. He was never entirely cool with giving up his celebrity life all the way and there's been a lot of interest on us since we announced-" David trailed off as he spotted a guy with a camera poking his head around a stand, clicking a quick picture of the two of them before ducking back in. "There's a guy over there taking our picture," he hissed to his father in a low voice. Bones gave a subtle stretch of his shoulders and neck, glancing in the direction David had indicated and looking entirely casual. "Hmm yeah, so there is. Welcome to the world of being papped, kid," he said, clapping David on the back and beginning to talk about the merits of baby onesies you could remove from either end, in case of 'poo emergencies'. "Is he really gonna be this small?" David asked as his father picked up a couple of items in preemie sizes. "Yeah, probably. We'll see how long Chris can hold out, we'll give him as long as we can. I mean this past week since ya'll found out officially has flown by, so maybe he'll go longer than my initial guess. We'll check on everything tomorrow morning at the appointment, ok?" he asked and David nodded, scratching the back of his head tiredly. He had to face facts and admit he knew exactly nothing about caring for a newborn baby, and from their conversations this week he didn't think Chris did either. "Chris and Leo were really premature and it hasn't caused them any problems, if you're worried," he reassured and David nodded again. "You're worried," he said, it wasn't a question, more of a straight up observation. David nodded and swallowed hard. "Of course I'm worried." "You've got a couple of grey hairs coming in kid," his father observed helpfully and David scoffed indignantly even though he had noticed those exact hairs himself. "Let's just hope Chris won't mind if I'm a silver fox by the time I'm thirty," David said without humour as his father began to throw boxes of diapers at him, again all in alarmingly small sizes. "Chris say if we're allowed to choose the crib without him? or he gonna find some energy for you guys to go shopping for it another time?" "Uhh… I'll text him," David responded, pulling his communicator from his pocket and sending off a quick message. Baby shopping is terrifying. Hope you're feeling ok. My dad wants to know if you wanted to choose the crib or if you trust me with it He stuffed the device back into his pocket and continued being dragged around the store, the cart piling ever higher with stuff. He found himself getting enthusiastic about a changing mat patterned with planets and moons, ignoring the way his father had rolled his eyes at him. His communicator pinged in his pocket and he pulled it out. I trust you and your impeccable taste for interior décor David snorted and fired off a reply. There's no need for sarcasm Christopher He had barely put the device back in his pocket before Chris had replied again. I'm afraid you might come back with a shoe box for him to sleep in. I'll order one for delivery, no offence but I don't trust you with any major furniture decisions "I'm not allowed to make any major decisions on furniture items," David informed his father who snorted a laugh. "Sounds sensible." "What is this insider joke that I have bad taste in furniture? If you guys are talking about Thomas' dinosaur lamp, he wanted it, he started to have a tantrum so I only bought it for him to keep the peace," he justified the hideous new lamp that had appeared in the house two weeks ago when Thomas had spotted it while they were out together and had thrown a huge tantrum when David tried to get him away from it. "You're not supposed to give in to the demands of terrorists, didn't they teach you that at the academy?" he asked and David sniggered. "Yeah, but toddlers are more unreasonable," he justified as they got in line to pay for the huge cart full of stuff that David had no idea where it was going to go. Thomas' room was barely big enough for just him, and David didn't really think they had space in their room either. They needed a bigger house, or for Leo and Emily to move out so they could have the whole place, though then they wouldn't be able to afford it. He was dragged out of his thoughts by the requirement for him to actually pay money for his items and then walk out of the store and back to the car. Thankfully, nobody else was outside with a camera though one woman definitely stared at them as they walked back to the car. "This whole people staring at you thing, how long does it take to get used to?" he asked as they loaded up the trunk. "Uh… you don't. I never did. I just kept a low profile once we got back to Earth until everything with the clinic started to get so crazy. I just try not to engage with it as best I can, but it's weird and invasive and I aint got any better answers, sorry," he said glumly, just in time for two photographers to come hurrying over in their direction. "Mr McCoy, how's everything going? Is Mr Kirk in good health? Do you know the gender of the child? When are they due?" he fired off quick questions and David just looked at him blankly. "Uh yeah everything's good, thanks, but no comment other than everything is good," he said firmly, walking a few steps towards the front of the car, on the other side he could hear his father getting questioned too as he clambered into the passenger side of David's car. "-I'm a doctor not a celebrity, damn it!" he grumbled as David began to drive off carefully, letting out a long, slow exhale as they finally escaped the parking lot and were able to move freely. "How's Jo?" he asked, realising he hadn't spoken to his sister yet that week since all the craziness with being constantly stalked by the press. "Fed up, got a couple weeks left to go." "Bet Quinn is excited." "Mm, I think so. He's a good guy, should make a good dad. She's gonna be so mad if you guys get your baby first though," he chuckled and David nodded in agreement. "Yeah I think I'd rather he stayed put for a little while longer," he said expressionlessly, staring blankly ahead as he waited at a stop-light. "Chris is going to be ok, and the baby is going to be ok. We're checking up on them every two days," Leonard reassured his son. David nodded, feeling tears begin to sting at his eyes. He snatched his sunglasses out of the centre console and put them on to hide it. "I uh… I know it sounds dumb. I've had the same dream every night since we found out, that something goes wrong and I… I have to choose between them. And I can't shake this feeling that something bad is going to happen," he explained, spitting it all out as quickly as he could. "Kid, it's natural to be worried but we're keeping such a close eye on them both. If the baby came out this minute he's still got good odds, we won't let Chris get to a point where it's dangerous for him, I promise you," he said sincerely and David looked over at him, meeting his eye from behind the tinted lens. "Ok. Thanks dad," he said quickly, pulling forward as the traffic began to move again. They made it back to the house relatively quickly, David finding his mother reading Thomas a story on the couch and Chris nowhere to be seen. "He got up for a bit then went back to bed, so Thomas and I played dinosaurs and then we've had a few stories," she explained and David bent down to scoop Thomas up into a big hug, the young boys legs wrapped around his waist and arms tight around his neck. "Did you get baby stuff?" he asked and David nodded. "Babies need a lot of stuff." "More stuff than me?" Thomas asked, pulling backwards a bit so he could look at his father's face. "Well yeah but you're not a baby, you're a little man, almost a big brother," he encouraged and Thomas nodded eagerly. They were trying to teach him early so he could get used to the idea in the hope he wouldn't feel too displaced by the new baby. Chris was confident he was going to handle it fine, David wasn't so sure. "Lifts weights all day for a job and can't even help his old man carry all this stuff into the house," Leonard grumbled from the doorway, putting down the last few bags inside. "Sorry, got distracted," David apologised. He had a cup of tea with his parents and talked about baby names with his mother, quickly striking all her suggestions off the list. "I don't hate Anthony," his father argued. "Dad no, I can tell you right now Chris will hate it. He hates every name that exists," David sighed as he finished his tea. "Oh boy," Carol had muttered to her husband as they watched David take Thomas upstairs to put him down for a nap and return to slump back on the couch, running a hand tiredly through his hair. "Are you working tonight?" "Yeah, I have two evening classes, back to back, then I'm on early tomorrow. Gotta cover somebody's goddamn endurance cycle class at 6am because they've got Andorian shingles," he grumbled, closing his eyes and pinching the bridge of his nose. "We should let you nap. You can get a couple of hours now, before you have to teach tonight." "I thought you were all against daytime sleeping, what about the natural sleep cycle that I'm disturbing, or whatever?" he mock-argued with his father. "That only applies to people who actually have a sleep cycle. Go get some rest, you look like you've been ground under the heel of the universe." David had trudged heavily upstairs as soon as his parents had left. He peeked into Thomas' room to find him fast asleep, before creeping down the hallway to his and Chris' room. He stripped down to his boxers as he crossed the room, kicking his jeans aside clumsily as they tangled around his ankles and falling into bed as gently as he could, trying not to disturb Chris too much. He looked more carefully at his bondmate now that he was in bed beside him and noticed he'd fallen asleep with his head on top of an old fashioned paper book. Very gently, he prised it out from under his head, Chris grumbling a little and rolling away, freeing it. It was an old book on pregnancy and child development. He flicked it open to find to his surprise that the pages were all helpfully edited and annotated with Jim's handwriting. He skimmed through, smiling bittersweetly to himself at Jim's comments. The entire section on natural birth was torn out with just a note on the chapter cover page saying 'not for us' and a huge poorly-drawn smiley face. Skipping forward a few more pages David almost chuckled aloud as he read the words noted in the margin about C-section recovery – 'The first time you sneeze you're honestly going to think all your insides are going to fall out of your scar. They won't, but try hugging a pillow or a blanket because it actually does help.' He wondered absently if Chris was scared of the surgery. He knew he was scared of it, but in all the conversations they'd had over the past week, Chris had kept his feelings around the big moment carefully guarded, even through their bond. "I'm not scared, if that's what you're wondering," Chris murmured and David's heart leapt. "Jesus, you scared me. Thought you were asleep." "I was, and then some kind of bull elephant stamped his way upstairs, slammed the door, stomped across the room and almost collapsed the bed when he got in," Chris smirked and David rolled his eyes, playing mock indignance. "I'm not that heavy footed," he protested, knowing full well he was very heavy-footed. "Yeah you kinda are." "You were asleep when I got into this bed. I took the book out from under you, you were drooling and everything," David teased and Chris grumbled, shifting closer to him and wrapping his arms around him. "I wasn't drooling," he protested weakly and David chuckled, placing the book aside and wrapping Chris tightly in his arms in return. "You having fun nesting?" he asked and Chris raised an eyebrow. "Is that what you think I'm doing here?" "Well, the bed is kinda like a nest at the moment," he indicated all the extra blankets piled on Chris' side. "My joints ache, I'm trying to pad out a bit because someone chose a damn hard mattress, and yeah, I'm kinda cold," he whined and David smoothed his hands over his back affectionately, tracing small patterns with the tips of his fingers before wiping them away with broad sweeps of the palms of his hands. "You think of any more names? Or did your mom have any ideas?" Chris asked as David's right hand settled on the side of the small curve of his abdomen. "I didn't think of anything else. My mom had a few but I think you'd hate them all. Anthony, Simon, Wilson, Matthew, Francis or Frank," he reeled off and Chris pulled a face. "Ick. No." "Didn't think so," David chuckled, pressing a small kiss to the nearest part of Chris that he could reach which happened to be his neck. "We'll know when we meet him, I think," Chris said softly. "I hope so. Or he's just gonna be named Kirk McCoy and we'll leave it at that." "I don't hate Kirk as a first name, but it's just not really right given my name situation," Chris smiled. "We're agreeing nothing family related right?" "Yeah, no shoes to fill, it'll only mess with his head." "Ok, agreed," David nodded. "I can't decide if I'm hungry," Chris pondered aloud. "There's homemade chicken sweet and sour in the fridge, just needs noodles," David mumbled sleepily, his eyes feeling heavy already just from laying down. He was woken by Chris a little while later, in time to get ready and head out to teach his two classes. He got home to find a warm bubble bath waiting for him and the bathroom full of candles, Chris looking thoroughly like he was up to something. "What time did Thomas go to bed? He give you any trouble?" David asked as he stripped off his sweaty shirt and tossed it into the hamper. "Uh… I don't know, he's not here. Jo and Quinn have him tonight," Chris smirked. "Oh yeah?" David raised an eyebrow. "What about Leo and Emily?" "Leo's still staying with Spock, said something about wanting to give us a few days of space, and I think he wanted to get out of babysitting while he gets over the whole incident in engineering, which I don't blame him," Chris shrugged. "So… are you saying we're all alone?" David asked in a low voice and Chris stepped closer to him, allowing David to pull his shirt over his head. "Get in the tub, there's one last thing but it's downstairs," Chris smirked, leaving a lingering kiss on David's lips before disappearing down the stairs. David stripped off the rest of his clothing and complied, settling into the tub and sighing heavily as the warm water immediately began to relax his aching body. "Surprise," Chris smirked as he reappeared around the doorway with a large pizza box balanced in his hand, a delicious aroma wafting from inside it. "Oh my god you didn't," David moaned. "I totally did. It got here like ten minutes ago and I kept it in the oven to keep it hot," Chris giggled, stripping off the rest of the way and settling in the tub between David's legs, leaning back against his chest. "It's nice you being here and us being naked and all, but I'm gonna fucking demolish that pizza now," David laughed, reaching over the side of the tub and flipping the box open, picking up a slice of pepperoni and stuffing it in his mouth greedily. "Oh my god," he moaned out through a cheesy mouthful. "Good right?" Chris smirked in agreement as he picked up a piece for himself and took a bite. They lounged in the tub for a while, ate the entire pizza and relaxed and laughed, just enjoying getting some alone time. A short while later found Chris laying back with his head on David's shoulder, David's fingertips rubbing slow circles on his scalp, pleasantly tugging his hair a little bit in the process. "Mmm you wanna go to bed?" Chris asked sleepily, his voice coming out a little rough in a way that made David's already semi-interested cock perk up a little more. "To sleep or…" David asked and Chris turned his head to meet his eye, smirking at him. I may have had something else in mind Arousal thrumming through their bond they both dried off and hurried down the hallway back to their bedroom. There were candles lit in there too, and the bed was freshly made with new sheets. "What, no rose petals?" David sniggered and Chris shoved him lightly. "Do you want rose petals? Because I can go out and get some right now," he threatened and David shook his head. "No, I uh… I don't want you to go out." "What do you want?" Chris asked quietly and David kissed him hard, guiding him backwards towards the bed until his legs made contact with it behind him and he lowered himself back, David following him down, still kissing him fiercely. David knew what he wanted, but he was also afraid to say it out loud in case it changed his mind. Just the thought of it was obviously crossing into Chris' mind and he pulled away, looking up at his bondmate through the flickering candlelight. "You sure? We don't have to, we can do something else," Chris offered, still a little breathless. David shook his head and kissed him soundly. "I'm sure. I'm ready," he said, feeling that he really meant it. "How do you want to do this?" Chris asked when they next broke apart, sounding a little awkward. "Like this I think, sit up against the headboard?" David asked and Chris moved immediately, removing a tube of lube from where it was stashed under the pillow. David took the tube from him and helped Chris reposition pillows so he was resting comfortably with his back propped up against the pillows in front of the headboard. "You can change your mind at any ti-" Chris started and was cut off as David started to lick and kiss his way down his body, pausing at his nipple, the one not destroyed by his scarring, and nipping it with his teeth in a way that made Chris' hips twitch, before continuing down, kissing the small curve of his belly gently, before continuing lower still and sucking the head of his cock into his mouth. While Chris was distracted David uncapped the lube and squirted some onto his first two fingers, reaching his right hand around his back and lowering both fingers to his own hole, shivering a little from the cold lube. "Fuck, that's distracting," Chris said in a low voice as David continued to tongue at the head of his dick whilst working his first finger into himself. He looked up at Chris through his eyelashes, finding him watching him intently, one hand coming to rest on the side of his face, the other settling on his shoulder, squeezing encouragingly every time he did something that Chris particularly liked. David bobbed his head a little further, taking Chris down so he almost hit the back of his throat, causing him to groan softly. "So good, love it when you do that, love your mouth on me," Chris encouraged, his low, ragged voice going straight to David's crotch. David removed his finger and added a second alongside it, squirming a little at the stretch but feeling relaxed enough at his own touch. He catalogued his body for a moment, deciding he was still very much into what was going on, and that he felt completely safe and relaxed here with Chris. "Can I touch you?" Chris asked softly, the hand on his face guiding him to look up at him. David sat up a little, wiping his mouth with the back of his left hand and catching his breath a little. Chris looked absolutely wrecked already, eyes blown wide with arousal and cock twitching impatiently. "Yeah, yeah I want you to," David agreed, Chris wasting no time in picking up the tube of lube and adding some to his own hand, gently encouraging David to move his right hand and then to crawl up so he was straddling his thighs, their chests pressed together and faces very close. Chris' slippery fingertips just grazed the crease of David's thigh where it met his buttock and he shivered, Chris leaning forward to kiss him as he gently slid one finger inside of him. David exhaled heavily, it felt pleasant and was less of a stretch than his own two fingers a moment ago. "Ok?" Chris asked, mumbled against his lips, dark eyes looking at him with such care and concern, calming thoughts coming across their bond. "Mmhm," he answered quickly, sounding unsure. "I can stop, we can stop right now if you don't want to do this. I will never make you do this if you don't want to," Chris reassured in almost a whisper, their faces so close. "No, I want to. I missed you," David said more assertively. Chris crooked his finger slightly to brush his bondmates prostate, causing him to jolt and groan. "Sensitive?" Chris smirked and David panted against his face as he pressed harder in the same place. "Yes," David ground out, hips writhing as he simultaneously tried to escape the pressure and lean into it. "God you're so beautiful like this," Chris said softly, leaning in to kiss him firmly, dragging his bottom lip with his teeth as they parted. "Can I have another? Please?" David breathed, a wave of desire overtaking him. "Mm, so polite," he said, the low, lusty tone coming back as he added his second finger slowly, beginning to slowly drag them in and out, in, pause, slight twist, out. David got caught in the rhythm of it, kissing Chris deeply again until he gasped for breath as Chris changed the angle of his fingers and he saw stars. "Sorry," Chris chuckled and David growled. "You ready for three? I want you nice and open for me," he murmured and David shivered again with arousal, watching Chris' face with hooded eyes as he removed his two fingers and returned with a third. Breathe David closed his eyes and took a deep breath through the stretch and slight burn, Chris distracting him by kissing him thoroughly again, his teeth tugging at his bottom lip again in a way he knew would make it swollen. "Still doing okay?" Chris asked again as they parted "Yeah, doing good," David nodded. He had felt a brief moment of panic that had quickly died down and he knew Chris must have picked up on it. "You can change your mind at any time and I'll stop, I'll always stop," Chris promised sincerely and David nodded, tears stinging at his eyes that he willed back. "I know you will." "Good," Chris responded, David hissing as he felt him spread his three fingers apart a little as he pulled them out, repeating this a few times before removing his fingers and getting more lube, causing the younger man to shiver as the cold fluid contacted his sensitive flesh before the fingers retreated again. "Always feels so weird. I almost forgot," David chuckled. "I know. I probably could have got away with not adding more I just… I don't want you to be uncomfortable," he said sincerely and David nodded, glancing down he noticed Chris' hand was on his own cock, slicking it. Before he could lose his nerve David shifted forward a little and took hold of Chris, shivering again as he positioned himself over him properly and closed his eyes. Chris' clean hand came up to rest on the side of his face, his other hand settling on the small of his back. David realised his hand gripping Chris' shoulder was leaving finger-indents in his flesh. Look at me, and breathe David kept his eyes on Chris' as he lowered down very slightly, wincing at the larger intrusion but not stopping until he got a couple of inches down, his heart pounding. Chris watched intently for any sign of fear in the steely blue eyes he'd come to know so well but instead was met with only concentration and trust. "How do you feel?" "F-full… kinda uncomfortable," he responded quietly, trying to get his body to relax a little more. He winced as he tried to move down further and Chris' hand on his back indicated he should stop. Chris felt a wave of fear quickly pass through their bond and he raised his hand to caress the side of his bondmates face. "It's ok, I don't think I could handle a dick this big either," Chris chuckled and David huffed a laugh before rolling his eyes, the wave of fear backing down a little. "Modest as ever," he grit out, relaxing a little and lifting himself up fractionally before sliding himself down the rest of the way until he was fully seated, gasping as he got there. "David, you have no idea how incredible you feel," Chris sighed, fighting the urge to spill immediately into the tight heat surrounding him. "Don't know if I can move," David breathed. "That's ok I don't mind, you can stay there forever," Chris smirked and David shoved his face with his hand. "This is really intense," David giggled, adrenaline well and truly taking over, his heart thudding in his ears. "Yeah, it kinda is. You're worrying me that you're laughing at me though," Chris smirked. "Definitely not laughing at you, more laughing at the ah- ridiculousness of the situation," David winced as he began to move, lifting his hips a little before lowering down again. He'd gone mostly soft and Chris noticed, shifting his own hips forward in a way that changed the angle just enough to allow him to brush against David's sweet spot. "Oh god damn," David groaned, eyes closing instantly and his grip on Chris tightening as his arousal overtook his uncertainty. He repositioned, curling his legs around Chris carefully so he was sitting fully in his lap, holding him for leverage. It took a long few minutes for David to relax and begin to move against his bondmate, the two of them falling into a slow, reverent pace that built in intensity as Chris began to rock up to meet David's every movement, driving him even deeper and causing David to let out a half-stifled moan. "That's it, want to hear you," Chris encouraged. "Mm, s'good," David sighed, picking up the pace a little and causing Chris to moan in response. "You think you're going to come?" Chris asked and David looked uncertain. He was fully hard now, his cock rubbing pleasantly between both their bodies. "Need some help with that?" Chris asked and David nodded, Chris sliding his hand between them and gripping him with the exact right amount of pressure, beginning to slowly jack him off in time to their movements, touching him in a way that made David's toes curl. "You feel so good, I'm so close," Chris sighed, fighting to stop his eyes rolling back in his head as David squeezed around him. David repositioned slightly again, unwrapping his legs from where they were holding on around Chris' lower back and placing his feet on the bed, holding Chris' shoulders securely as his new leverage allowed him to move completely differently. He angled his hips just right and began to chase their release, driving himself up and down with strong strokes of his powerful legs, bouncing up and down and causing Chris to mutter a constant stream of absolute filth through their bond that had David all the more desperate to come. Fuck damn you look so good riding me like that. You gonna come for me? Come on, want you to come all over me. Get it, nice and deep, come on David, a little harder. "Fuck!" David cried out as his orgasm hit him, his whole body singing with it as he pumped thick ropes of pearly white over Chris' chest and belly. Chris watched hungrily before following a moment later as David ground down on him, moaning loudly as he twitched and spent himself inside his bondmate. David slumped bonelessly on top of Chris, careful to keep any of his weight off his belly. "No talking dirty, no fair," David panted and Chris chuckled breathlessly, holding David close to his chest and stroking the sweaty hair at the back of his neck. "Then don't give me such a show," Chris smirked, looking at him mischievously. David kissed him as best he could with them both still panting for breath. "Does that cardio balance out our pizza?" Chris asked and David chuckled. "Absolutely." David's legs were beginning to tremble from his position and Chris gave him a knowing look. "I don't want to move, because it's going to be uncomfortable," David winced and Chris nodded sympathetically. "I know, sorry." David lifted himself up and off Chris, hissing in discomfort as he did so. He stepped off the bed and offered his hand to Chris to help him up. "Shower?" he asked, surveying the mess on Chris' torso. Chris glanced down with a smirk and ran his finger through it, bringing it up to his mouth and licking it off, David groaned and his cock twitched. "God damn you're going to be the death of me," he groaned as he hauled Chris out of bed and took him to the shower so they could both clean up. "Seriously?!" David groaned as Chris stepped in behind him under the spray and pressed his erection against his lower back. "I don't have a refractory period, you know this," Chris smirked and David rolled his eyes. "I can't go again yet." "S'ok, I can do it myself," Chris' smirk widened as he took himself in hand, David's eyes lowering and watching him, unable to look away. "Can I… I want to-" Chris started to ask but couldn't seem to verbalise what he wanted. "I uh… I'm kinda sore," David said uncertainly and Chris shook his head. "No, no I wasn't going to do that, something else. I really want to suck you. Can I?" he asked and David raised an eyebrow. "I don't know if I can go aga-" "It's ok, just humour me," Chris said, dropping to his knees in front of the younger man and gently lapping at his spent cock. David found himself tangling his fingertips in Chris' wet hair, his back sagging against the shower wall as Chris continued to gently suck and lap at him. Slowly, he lost himself in it and found himself rock hard and desperate under Chris' ministrations before long. "Can I ask you to do something for me?" Chris asked, voice ragged as he pulled away with an obscene slurping sound for just a second. "Right now I'll say yes to pretty much anything," David groaned, shifting his weight and reaching his right hand to tug at his balls, trying to bring himself back from the edge. Chris looked up at him from his knees, left hand working rapidly on his own cock and confident smirk on his face. "Will you fuck my face?" Chris asked and David sighed in frustration and arousal. "I don't want to hurt you, I need to be gentle with you-" David began and Chris shook his head. "No, honestly, you won't be able to hurt me, please just… I've been thinking about it, I want you to really go for it," Chris asked, fluttering his eyelashes. "How the fuck am I supposed to say no to that?" David growled, taking hold of Chris's hair again and sliding back into his waiting mouth. He thrust experimentally, hitting the back of his throat and not causing him to gag at all, just look up at him expectantly with dark eyes blazing. "God damn it Chris," David sighed, gripping his hair more tightly and thrusting forward again, harder this time, Chris moaning with pleasure. "You sure you're ok?" David panted out and Chris looked up at him, sending him a strong message through the bond. I'm fine. Now please just do it already, I need it. With a guttural sound David complied with his bondmates wishes, thrusting into his mouth with abandon and causing Chris to moan around him. "You have such a pretty mouth," David groaned, slipping his thumb into one side of said mouth and stretching his lips open wider, feeling Chris' answering spark of arousal through their bond. It didn't take long for Chris to lose his composure completely, gasping around his mouthful of cock as he came, the water of the shower instantly washing it away. "On my face, I want you to," Chris panted as he pulled off, replacing his mouth with his hand and quickening the pace. David's knees almost gave up as he came with a yell, spurting weakly over Chris' open mouth and onto his cheek. Chris lapped it all up greedily as David leant against the wall and caught his breath. "Are you trying to kill me?" David demanded as Chris pulled himself back to standing using his grip on David's hand for leverage. "No, I'm sorry, I'm just crazy horny today," Chris giggled breathlessly. "Really? I mean you're being very subtle about it," David responded sarcastically, picking up the shower gel and squeezing a handful into his palm, beginning to lather it up and work it into his body. Chris took it from him and started to wash his back, creeping lower until he was just holding onto the two round cheeks of David's muscular rear end. "What do you squat now?" Chris asked, voice low and very close to David's ear in a way that made him shiver. "A lot," David answered shortly. "You look incredible," Chris sighed, his hands now trailing around to the front and stroking over David's abs which were finally beginning to show some definition after all his hard work. David smiled to himself and leant his head to the side, capturing Chris' lips in an affectionate kiss over his shoulder. He could feel Chris' belly pressed against his back and his still semi-hard cock pressed against his ass. "Woah holy shit," Chris suddenly gasped, stopping his insistent feeling-up of his bondmate. David turned quickly to face him. "What's wrong?" he asked concernedly. "I uh… I think he likes it when we do eachother," Chris smirked, taking David's hand and placing it on his belly to feel the flurry of small kicks there. David laughed and leant down to place a kiss on Chris' belly. "Is that normal?" David asked and Chris nodded. "Uh huh, my book from Jim says it is. Something about hormones and some other stuff, I forget," Chris said absently, picking up the shower gel and beginning to wash himself. "You feel ok though, right? Just tired?" David asked and Chris nodded insistently. "Yeah. Just tired and swaying between emotional and horny. And kinda nauseous still. Only gotta make it a few more weeks right?" Chris responded, a definite nervous edge creeping into his voice. "Yeah, pretty crazy that in a few weeks we're going to have another little person to take care of," David said, his mind beginning to wander to what that would even feel like, bringing home a whole new person. "We'll do okay," Chris said surely, finishing off washing his hair and then working a handful of shampoo into David's dark hair, lathering it with firm circles of his fingertips that made David feel instantly sleepy. "Yeah, we will. M'so tired," David yawned, tilting his head back under the water to rinse out the suds. "Me too, let's get to bed. We can enjoy not being woken up by being kicked in the face or bladder," Chris smirked and David pouted. "But it's weird him not being here overnight, this is only like the second time." "I know, but you gotta admit too, it's nice to get a little privacy. I don't really want to have to explain to Thomas what we're doing if he ever walks in on us," Chris laughed as they shut off the water and got out of the shower, each grabbing their towel and beginning to dry off. "It is, plus it might be the last privacy we get for the next… uh… eighteen years," David smirked and Chris hung his head. "I'm gonna have to bribe Leo so much to get some overnight babysitting." "Do you mean blackmail?" David asked and Chris' smirk widened. "I've got his baby pictures and could release them to the media! Of course I mean blackmail." ***~~~***~~~PAGE BREAK~~~***~~~*** The days were forty-one hours long on Earth's time and blisteringly hot thanks to the two suns, the nights roughly seventeen hours and cold enough to make Delta Vega seem positively pleasant. Jim did as he was told in order to lead the quietest life possible, he knew he needed to bide his time and hope for an opportunity to escape or be rescued. He worked in the mines with the others held captive, and stayed almost entirely silent for most of his waking hours. He wasn't even exactly sure what he was mining, some kind of mineral. He suspected it was radioactive given the short life expectancy of any human who found themselves at the camp. He'd noticed only a handful arrive before they deteriorated quickly, their skin peeling and their eyes yellowing and then he would stop seeing them around. Khan's blood must have been preventing the effects from getting to him too. The only time he spoke was when he mumbled to himself, a few words here and there some in standard and some in Vulcan. He spoke to Spock, told him he missed him and thought about him every day. He talked to Leo about all the wonderful things he must have seen by now. He talked to Chris about how successful he must be by now. He talked to Seren about how much she must have accomplished by now. By his best guess his children were now his own age. The planet he was currently residing on was close to a black hole, and without the facility to carry out the calculations he needed to work out the time differential, he was left with what he could do as best he could in his head, which worked out as the twins being roughly in their forties by now with Seren a couple of years ahead. Spock would be nearing ninety, unless he hadn't survived one of his Pon Farrs and the thought of that was just too much to bear. The thought of Spock dying in such a way. Jim found it easier to tell himself that Spock had just moved on and was bonded to someone else now, and was still there for their kids and likely grandchildren by now too. Sometimes as Jim worked his mind wandered and he imagined his kids now with their own families. He imagined Seren with a husband, a Vulcan because he couldn't imagine her ever finding peace with marrying a human and all of their illogical behaviours, he imagined her with a young family, a boy and a girl with straight dark hair and angular eyebrows and their human part shining through in the occasional cheeky grin. He felt in his heart that Chris and David would have made it. They had always been so close, and Jim was fairly certain they were true T'hyla. He pictured them having moved out to the country somewhere, somewhere out in red desert with endless sky and enormous horizons, living in a big farmhouse with a couple of kids running around, some looked like David, some looked like Chris, and some looked like neither as they came from other worlds. Jim wondered if Chris had yet figured out just how much of big teddy bear he really was. He'd always struggled with his emotions especially as a teenager, but Jim hoped by now he had learned to embrace them and cherish them. He always imagined Chris would make the best dad and he took a lot of comfort in the thought that he and David had made it and now had their own family. Jim found he had two versions of Leo's life in his mind. In one Leo was aboard a ship a high ranking officer, most often chief engineer. He was single and preferred it that way and was fulfilled by his work. He and Emily hadn't worked out in their younger days but neither held any resentment over that. But in the other version of Leo's life he was at the beach with Emily, running barefoot through the sand and the shallow water, playing with their young daughter who had a full head of bouncy blonde curls and the sweetest little laugh. He could see her face so clearly in his mind, her one eye a clear blue, the other tinted with green. He often found himself straying to the beach when he was asleep, revelling in the sound of her laughter and watching Leo and Emily play happily with their daughter in the water. Whenever he had a dream about them he always woke with a strange headache that made him feel a little uneasy for the next day or so. It felt like the sort of headache he would get after a meld, a nagging, anxious headache that felt a little bit like someone was still inside his mind and watching his every move and thought. *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* "Did you have that dream again?" Leo glanced over at Emily in bed as he returned from the bathroom. "Huh? What dream?" he asked as he towelled off his face. "The dream about Jim, and the beach, and the little girl?" she asked as he threw the towel in the vague direction of the hamper and crawled back into bed, cuddling up behind her and wrapping her in his arms. She sighed contentedly and relaxed, waiting for him to answer. "Uh… yeah, I did. It was weird. He was like… asking me about my life and I was giving him answers that felt like they were the truth, but it was all things that haven't happened, or at least not yet. I feel weird every time I have that stupid dream," he sighed and she turned to face him, placing her hand on his chest and resting her chin on his shoulder. "Soren said when bonds break traumatically they can leave a trace, maybe your mind is still trying to find the bond?" "Maybe," he agreed, closing his eyes. "But that's our kid, right? In the dream?" she asked and he opened his eyes again to find her giving him a strange look. "I would guess so, given that she calls you 'mama'," he said, shifting a little uncomfortably. "What's her name?" she asked and he shook his head. "I don't know, I've never heard anyone say it in the dream. Maybe she's David and Chris's baby, and she just calls you mama because you're like a mother to her?" he suggested and Emily frowned. "They're having a boy which kind of kills that theory," she pointed out and he nodded in agreement. "I don't remember that night all that clearly. I wasn't feeling too well," he admitted and she nodded, her hand settling lower on his chest and into his side, protectively over his heart. "You're better now right?" she asked and he nodded. "Yeah, feeling pretty much back to full strength, and all the bruising is almost gone." He pushed the blanket down to expose his chest, the area previously covered by dark bruising was fading into a light green and yellow smattering across his skin. He'd also stopped getting the occasional racing heartrate he had been experiencing. "I'm fine, if you need to go back and resume your tour. I know the guys must be pissed you've taken so much time off, and I'm sure you must be done with hiding in my childhood bedroom with me by now," he said and she frowned, holding him closer. "They have to understand you're more important than them or the band. When my dad called me to tell me to come home I was so scared Leo," she said and he kissed the top of her head gently. "I know. I didn't mean to scare you, I'm sorry." "You don't have to apologise, it's not like you did it deliberately," she soothed. "Do you know what you're doing yet? About Starfleet?" she asked and he looked at her. He knew what she wanted to hear but he just couldn't give her that answer. "What happened is terrible, and I've been having nightmares about that fucking weird Doctor Hunt guy, but I'm not leaving 'fleet," he said flatly and she nodded, keeping her expression forcibly neutral though he felt the flash of hurt through the bond. "When they find out what you're really capable of-" she started and he interrupted her sharply. "I don't even know what I'm capable of. Not really. I feel like I should find out though, just in case I ever need to use it," he said and she frowned. "Or you could accept another round of the inhibitor and not have to be worried about getting… abducted by some insane doctor and admiral and becoming their lab rat," she suggested and he sighed. "I don't want it. I can't explain why, but my gut feeling is telling me I shouldn't take another dose, something is telling me I'm going to need these abilities, whatever they are," he said and she remained silent. "I'm sorry Em, I know you want me out of Starfleet, I know you do. I just can't… I need to… I need this connection, y'know to… to y'know," he trailed off. "To Jim," she said softly and he nodded. "You don't need 'fleet to be connected to him, you always are, right here," she said and placed her hand over his heart. He swallowed hard and nodded. "I want him to be proud of me. I want to make chief engineer. I can go out on a ship in three months' time once I finish my final certifications and I'm so ready for that. And I need to get back to work, to cover for Scotty," he said insistently. "Scotty has more senior people than you covering for him, Ensign," she said firmly and he chuckled, pulling her close. "I love it when you pull rank on me baby," he smirked, kissing her neck and causing her to giggle. "Get some more rest, that's an order," she insisted and he pouted. "No Leo, nothing that elevates your heartrate," she said sternly and he groaned, burying his face into her neck. "But I wanna," he said, muffled by her skin. "Sleep," she said softly and he shifted around to get more comfortable before finally settling curled around her again. Emily lay awake as Leo slept, her own mind going over and over Leo's dream as it had leaked through their bond. It didn't make sense to her. They had agreed to wait a few more years before thinking about kids, to let her secure her career and to let him achieve a higher rank. They wanted to get married first, travel, enjoy each other's company before starting a family. But in the dream they looked almost the same age as now, and Jim looked no older than when he had died. Of course, it was only a dream, but it felt so real and always left her feeling uneasy after Leo had the dream and she could feel the traces of it inside her own mind. ~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK ~*~*~*~* "I miss my bike and I'm getting too fat for all my pants," Chris groaned as he sat in the passenger seat of the car and popped the button on his slacks. Emily rolled her eyes from the driver's side, with a day off she was accompanying Chris to his appointment that day, David having gone with him last time but unable to clear his schedule for the appointments every three days. "That's good though, right? I mean David's been on a cooking spree since you guys found out, does he force feed you?" she asked and he laughed. She handed him a hair tie that she had been keeping around her wrist and mimed looping it through the button-hole of the pants and around the button, giving him a stretchy extra few centimetres of room. He did it correctly and sighed in relief. "Pretty much. He's just become a feeder. Literally I have five minutes where I'm not eating and he's there trying to shove a donut in my mouth," he sighed and she laughed as she backed them carefully out of the driveway. Thomas was already asleep in his car seat in the back. Something about being in the car worked magic on him and made him pass out almost immediately every time. "I'm so happy for you guys," she said fondly. "Yeah? Leo still seems mad, not that I've seen him much still," Chris sighed. "He's been sleeping like fifteen hours a day. I've almost had to force feed him myself. He said he's feeling better now though, we talked late last night," she said and Chris nodded. "I know. He had that dream again right? About a beach?" he asked and Emily frowned, stealing a glance at him. "How did you know about that?" "He doesn't shield at all when he's sleeping so I see pretty much everything if I'm also not sleeping, it's kind of a curse for life," he laughed and she nodded. "Yeah, I can see that being annoying. How come you weren't sleeping either?" she asked and he shrugged. "Was just thinking about work stuff. I made the mistake of looking at my comm halfway through the night and reading some stuff I'd been sent and it was a pretty mixed bag. Some great offers for all sorts of stuff ranging from reality TV to document my pregnancy right through to photographers I worked with in the past who want to take pictures of me naked now, fans contacting me, and some not so great- people telling me they hope I bleed to death during my C-section and the baby is an abomination… y'know, the usual stuff," he chuckled and she reached across and touched his arm supportively. "People are shit," she said sympathetically, having received her fair share of hate mail on a regular basis herself. "Yeah, but most of the stuff I've been getting is positive. I know David's worried about all the attention but I could literally do a couple more interviews and photo deals and then we could have our own place, so I think he's starting to come around to it," he said and she nodded. "I guess it makes sense, so long as you're selective," she said and he nodded eagerly. They chatted easily the whole way to the clinic where Emily carefully extracted a sleepy Thomas from his car seat and the three went inside. Seren came out to greet them. "I'll be taking a look today, just to see if I support Doctor McCoy's previous observations from earlier in the week," she explained and Chris smirked. "Seems like you're being a little overprotective, sis," he gave her Jim's patented shit-eating grin. "Just want to make sure my nephew gets here as healthy as possible," she gave a small smile. Chris followed her into the exam room whilst Emily hung out in the waiting room with Thomas. "You've put on weight," Seren noted immediately once Chris had removed his shirt. "David is feeding me up," he smiled and she nodded, beginning to attach the small scanners to his abdomen just as Bones had done a week ago. She looked at a PADD for a few long moments before she spoke to Chris. "Percentile is up from the 6th when we found out to the 15th and now again today to the 18th, you're doing better," she commented and he smiled, touching his belly fondly. He only had a small bulge but it was definitely starting to become more pronounced. "How's the nausea?" she asked and he grimaced. "Still there," he admitted and she nodded. "I think you're likely going to have it the whole time, sorry." "I'm sure he'll be worth it." "Absolutely. Have you noticed his mind at all yet?" she asked and he looked uncertain. "Maybe? I get these kind of weird bursts of emotions which I don't think are mine or David's. Nothing coherent, not like how Jim described us being able to send him clear messages," he explained and she nodded, making a note. "I guess it would make sense, the Vulcan traits are only getting further diluted so it's entirely plausible that as Spock said that he'll be nearly psi-null. Have you been back into the Academy yet since?" she asked and Chris shifted uneasily. "Uh no… I haven't. I haven't felt able to. David is just trying to get on with stuff but I can feel how nervous he is all the time, but I need another few days I think to just let everything settle down." "You must have been scared with what happened that night." "Yeah… I was. More that they were going to take Thomas away. I knew they weren't going to harm me, they wouldn't get away with that." "They harmed Leo," she pointed out and Chris looked even more uneasy. "That whole incident in engineering just doesn't make sense to me. It seems like they deliberately hurt Scotty to see how Leo would react, to test his strength." "Maybe. Or maybe it was an accident after all." "But he called for med help and they sent an armed response unit? Nope, that's not a coincidence," he said firmly and she looked thoughtful. "Have you been able to view the security footage from the engineering bay during the incident?" "No I don't have clearance for anything like that as a cadet. I'd need to be really senior… some like…" "An Admiral?" Seren asked, hinting heavily. "I can't ask Carol to risk her position digging around in this mess-" "I wasn't suggesting Admiral McCoy. Archer, you could speak to Archer." "Archer is far too old to be bothering with this shit." "I think he would argue otherwise. Despite his retirement he retains a lot of influence, a lot of contacts, and I am certain the ability to hack into the security feed mainframe," Chris gave a weak smile. "Y'know considering we all thought you didn't have Jims rebellious streak, this sounds a lot like Jim talking." *~*~*~*~*PAGE BREAK*~*~*~*~*~* Leo groaned and pulled the pillow tighter over his head. Whoever was at the door just wouldn't quit. He had dragged himself out of Spock's house earlier in the day while Emily was at the appointment with Chris. He knew he was hiding behind Spock and it needed to stop, and he wanted to sleep in his own bed. He felt if anyone from any strange branches of Starfleet was going to come after him they already would have after a few days. The constant pressing of the doorbell paused for a few moments and he optimistically removed the pillow obstructing his ears. He groaned a second time when his comm started to sound instead. He reluctantly reached out his arm for it and flipped the device open without looking at the screen. "'Lo?" "Leo? It's Molly, are you home? I gotta talk to you," she spoke quickly, sounding panicked. "Is that you breaking my door down?" he asked and she made an affirmative sound. "Can't you just hack the panel? I don't want to move," he sighed and she practically growled. The comm. cut off and a few moments later Leo heard the front door lock release and the door swing open. "You should really upgrade your security, a four year old could probably hack into this place," she scoffed, rounding the corner into his bedroom and placing her hands on her hips. Her eyes roamed over his shirtless, dishevelled state, sheets rumpled around him. "I'm tired," he explained and she nodded. "Me too," she sighed deeply, slumping onto the edge of the bed. Close up he could see the dark circles under her eyes and that her glossy dark hair lacked its usual shine. "How's your dad?" "He's doin' ok. Says he'll see how he goes with his leg, but he's open to amputation if he needs it, says he don't mind a robo-leg," she chuckled weakly but he could see a tear rolling down her cheek. "Molly, I'm sorry. I'm sorry I didn't get him out of there quicker," he said sincerely and she turned her head to look at him. "Not your fault, you probably saved his life by getting him out at all," she said flatly and he reached out to touch her arm in what he hoped was a comforting manner. "We'll all take care of him now, whatever happens, I know it's been a crazy couple of days since it happened but we're all here for you. And I can pick up the slack in engineering while he takes some time off, I'll be back on my feet in a day or two more," he reassured and she nodded, wiping away her tears with the back of her hand. "He was already stressin' about his stupid engineering department when I saw him," she said weakly and Leo nodded. "That's Scotty. Absolute champion when it comes to keeping that place running no matter what. But he needs to focus on himself now. The other engineers and I can pick up the slack for him," he reassured and she nodded, sniffling. "Ah c'mere," he said, pulling her down by her arm so she was laying in the bed alongside him and wrapping her tightly in his arms, facing away from him. "What are you doing?" she asked flatly. "I'm hugging you, I'm trying to be nice," he answered, sounding mock-indignant. "Just a wee-bit strange, that's all. You're not usually one for actually touching other living beings," she pointed out, relaxing a little into his hold. "You're my friend and you're upset, I'm trying to comfort you," he explained and she nodded, yawning widely and wiping away a few more tears. "Nap with me," he said quietly, his deep voice rumbling through her chest. "I shouldn-" she started and he shushed her. "You stay here and get an hour's sleep, you really look like you need it, just let yourself relax for a while. I know you're trying to be so strong for your parents right now but you need to rest Molly," he said, voice trailing off like he was already falling asleep. She sniffled and relaxed further. Leo's bed was comfortable and warm and the rise and fall of his chest against her back was so soothing. She woke with a start later, as something banged loudly in the room. Her eyes snapped open to be met with Emily McCoy standing in the doorway having slammed the door against the wall to make the loud noise that woke them both. "Leo. What the fuck?" she demanded bluntly, her eyes glaring intently at the two of them. Leo stirred behind her and Molly climbed out of the bed, feeling dazed. "Emily… nothing happened, I just… I was upset about my Dad and I didn't know who else to talk to-" Molly began and Emily shut her up with a very stern look. "What's the matter Em? We were talking and we fell asleep," Leo explained and it seemed to serve to only rile Emily further. "Oh yeah, you were having a casual conversation in our bed with your arms around her… honestly? You expect me to believe that's what happened here?" she asked, anger rising in her voice. "Well… yeah, I'd expect you to trust me. You know nothing would ever happen. Molly is one of my oldest friends, Scotty's hurt, she's scared and worried and I was trying to comfort her," he explained, sitting up. "Oh, and you're not wearing a shirt too, great," Emily scoffed. Leo glanced down at his shirtless state and then back to his girlfriend incredulously. "I never wear a shirt when I sleep. Are you ok?" he asked her, a trace of laugh clinging to his words. Molly could immediately see this was a mistake. The laugh had seemed to turn her anger up to a new level and Molly quickly slipped from the room, hurrying downstairs as an act of self-preservation so she wouldn't be caught in their argument any further. She opened the door to let herself out and jumped as she came face to face with David McCoy who was just arriving home. "Hey Molly, what's up? You look terrified," he laughed uneasily and she swallowed hard, not needing to explain as Emily began yelling upstairs and David glanced upwards towards the source of the sound. "She came home and… and I'd been here to talk to Leo… I'm so worried about m'dad and she's got the wrong idea and-" she sniffled and trailed off. David looked sympathetic and pinched the bridge of his nose as Emily yelled again. Leo wasn't raising his voice in return. "I'll straighten things out with her, you get out of the blast radius," he chuckled, clapping her on the shoulder as they passed in the doorway. She took his advice and hurried off in the direction of home, terrified she was responsible for causing an irresolvable argument. She knew running away was hardly constructive, but she was intimidated by Emily McCoy enough as it was. She'd been increasingly more cold towards her the longer she spent working with Leo in the engineering bay, and she had no idea how to deal with the elephant in the room that McCoy obviously felt she was a threat to their relationship. She loved Leo, sure, but like the love she would have for an annoying older brother. She'd never felt anything other than platonic affection towards him and knew that Emily was unlikely to accept this explanation, especially now. David kicked off his shoes and closed the door, able to hear Emily's indistinct yelling from upstairs. He made his way slowly up, feeling exasperated at the situation already. Leo and Emily's relationship was far more fiery than his own with Chris, and he regularly found himself mediating stupid arguments between them. "-I'm sick of hearing it Leo! Every girl that walks by you and you look at them!" Emily yelled. "I'm just looking! For god's sake, you don't think I'm curious to look at people after spending twenty years wishing I could look at them? People are interesting! I look at women and I look at men, I just like to see faces! I look at guys too!" Leo responded, not yelling but certainly not softly. "You're supposed to be faithful! What is all this bullshit in my head for if you can't even be faithful to it!" "I am faithful, if anything happened between me and anyone else you would know because you're in my head too. It's not my fault you're so crazy jealous and insecure of my friendship with Molly," Leo spat. David inhaled sharply. That comment was not going to sit well with Emily. Just as Emily began to yell again he barged into the room. "Calm down, both of you! What's going on?" he asked and Emily ignored him, yelling over him and becoming upset. "Emily come on, what's the matter?" he asked, trying to get some sense out of her. She shook her head and took a moment to compose herself, taking slow, deep breaths. "Are you ok?" he asked her and she finally looked at him and nodded. "I will be," she said firmly. Leo was sat on the edge of the bed, still shirtless and bed-headed and looking extremely confused. "Leo I'm sorry I can't deal with this kind of bullshit from you anymore, so either something changes or we need to have a conversation about our future," she said in a forced calm voice. David looked to Leo to see how he'd respond. "You're being unreasonable. I'm allowed to have friends, and if I'm not then I don't want to do this anymore," he said flatly. "Ok well there's having friends and there's having friends in your bed. How would you feel if Emily had a dude from her band in that bed? I bet it'd make you feel like shit. So maybe you guys need to just make an agreement of no friends in the bed, right?" he offered as a solution, feeling like he was dealing with Thomas rather than two grown adults. "Get out David, this is none of your damn business," Leo hissed. "It's plenty of my business if you guys are arguing in the house again and I have to listen to it. And it's my business if you disrespect my sister," David responded and Leo stood up, drawing himself up to his full height and squaring up to David. "Leo, leave him alone!" Emily warned. David squared up in return. "I'm not backing down Leo, you don't get to disrespect my sister and not answer to me about it," he said firmly. Leo took a step closer and David didn't back away. "Leo I swear to god if you touch him-" "Shut up," Leo spat, not looking at Emily but straight at David. "Don't speak to her like that Leo or I swear-" "You swear what?! You'll start crying in the bathroom at night again? Or you'll have a panic attack and have to leave the academy halfway through your day? Or you'll take a ground posting as a god-damn fitness instructor because you have one bad experience in space and are too scared to try again? Captain Crossfit, right? That's what they're calling you around campus," Leo goaded and David felt his face grow hot. "Fuck you," he growled, unable to think of anything more witty as rage built inside him. "You wish," Leo sneered and David stepped forward so they were near enough chest to chest. He could hear Emily trying to get them both to calm down but it was mostly drowned out by the rush of blood in his ears. "What you gonna do? Cry about it?" Leo sneered and before he could think about it any further David raised his right hand and punched him square in the jaw. Leo took that as all the invitation he needed and punched him back with dizzying force. David was able to land a few more punches before it just turned into messy grappling with Emily trying to pry them apart. Leo's one hand caught David's throat and he gasped for air and struggled, breaking Leo's grip but resulting in the same hand landing on his face and everything turning black. David came to laying on his back in Leo and Emily's bedroom. Emily and Chris were both kneeling over him and Leo was nowhere to be seen. He jolted to try and sit up and Chris held him still. "Easy, just take it easy," he said, helping him slowly into a sitting position and supporting him. He looked around the room, disorientated, his eyes eventually landing on Emily who looked like she had a bruise on her face. "Did he hit you?!" he asked, all his rage immediately flooding back even through his disorientation. "Yeah with his elbow as I was trying to separate you idiots. I don't think it was deliberate," she said weakly and he opened his mouth to start before Chris stopped him. "Are you ok?" "I think so? My face hurts. My head feels weird," David sighed, trying to push himself into a kneeling position so he could stand. "Your head feels weird? in what way?" "I don't know, I feel…" David trailed off as a wave of nausea rose, he retched before he could stop himself, bile rising in his throat. His eyes burned as tears began to roll down his face and he gagged again. "Em, can you grab me something a trashcan or just anything?" Chris asked quickly and Emily scrambled around before quickly handing something over just in time as David threw up violently. It felt like a long time later David came back to himself and he was on his hands and knees now, panting for breath with Chris' hand rubbing slow circles into his back. "Hey, you back?" he asked and David nodded weakly. "Ok, we're gonna get you cleaned up and into bed to lay down for a minute," Chris said assertively and before David could really protest Chris had him up on his feet and was helping him to the bathroom and cleaning his face, helping him brush his teeth because David realised absently – his hands were trembling too much to do it himself. His mind continued to reel as Chris gently helped him down the hallway to their room and peeled his shirt over his head, wiping his chest and neck and face again with a warm washcloth he must have picked up without David noticing. "Here c'mon, put this on, it isn't covered in puke," Chris instructed, helping him into another t-shirt by pulling it over his head for him. "I'll be right back," Chris said, leaving the room for a moment before coming back and peeling his own shirt over his head and changing into a fresh one. "Did I puke on you?" David asked, horrified. "Yeah, but it's fine I don't care. I think Leo melded with you. You had kinda a… I don't know how I'd describe it, kinda like a seizure maybe?" Chris explained gently as he pulled the blankets around his shivering bondmate. David could hear his sister talking in the hallway. "-No I don't think he needs to go to the hospital. He didn't hit his head when he fell, Chris is taking care of him now." "Am I ok?" David asked, confused and disoriented. "Yeah, of course you are, I got you," Chris said easily, slipping into the bed beside David and scooting up close behind him, wrapping him in his arms. "Our Dad is gonna come look at him," Emily said, poking her head around the doorway. "Sure, probably a good idea," Chris agreed. David felt like he was too exhausted to even use his voice, still trembling uncontrollably and feeling cold right to his core. "Are you guys ok? I gotta go clean up all the puke," Emily winced and David opened his mouth to protest. "Yeah, we're ok. I can clean in a little bit if you don't want to do it," Chris offered and Emily shrugged. "Can't make preggers clean up someone else's puke," she shrugged and Chris smiled as she left them, closing the door. "Did I really puke tha' bad?" David slurred, feeling like he was falling asleep again. "Yeah, it was like something off that old movie 'The Exorcist'" Chris taunted and David nudged his shin with his foot. "M'so tired," David yawned, closing his eyes. "Yeah, I bet. Would you mind if I just melded with you really quick just to make sure everything is ok in your head?" Chris asked and David blinked his eyes open sleepily, meeting Chris' dark brown ones which were staring at him with concern. "I d'no," he hesitated. "What about just like this," Chris offered, leaning his head forwards until their foreheads were touching, closing his eyes and nuzzling his face against David's in a way that instantly relaxed him. "Tha's nice," David slurred, able to just about feel Chris at the edges of his consciousness, the haziness Leo had left behind clearing where he was. "I need a little bit more to figure out what's going on altogether, is that ok?" Chris asked, his fingertips appearing seemingly out of nowhere and settling on David's face gently. He nodded weakly and let himself go, completely trusting his bondmate as he carefully delved into his mind. David came to his senses again a while later, with no concept of how much time had passed. He could hear Chris and his father talking outside the room and it was dark so he must have slept all afternoon. "He's lucky there's no permanent damage. Damn idiot could have left him braindead," his father grumbled and Chris sighed. "I don't understand what even all happened, I got back after it was all over. Emily said Leo touched his face and he just hit the deck. He couldn't have melded with him for more than two or three seconds at most," Chris said quietly, able to sense David was awake through their bond. "If he has any more seizures you call me straight away." "Course I will Bones. He'll be ok right? What I did helped?" "Yeah. His brain was still misfiring every which way until you straightened it out by the sounds of it. You feeling ok?" "Yeah, just tired. Really took it out of me," Chris chuckled. "Yeah I can imagine puttin' out a fire in someone's brain cell by cell would do that. Get some rest kid, when he wakes up tell him to go back to sleep and that's an order. He needs a few days off work too, needs to properly recover, we'll watch Thomas tonight. I'll take some new scans tomorrow and we'll go from there," he said and Chris made an affirmative sound before a startled one. "Kid is kicking the hell out of me tonight," he chuckled. "That's good. Let's hope he keeps it up." "Yeah. Alright Bones, I'll keep an eye on him and let you know if anything happens. Night." David heard a few more indistinct words spoken by both men before Chris slipped back into the room and then back into bed. He smelled like fresh shower and minty toothpaste and David sighed contentedly, shuffling closer and cuddling up to him. "Thomas is gonna stay over at his grandparents house tonight," Chris mumbled and David nodded. "You feeling ok? Need anything?" Chris offered and David shook his head. "No I'm supposed to be taking care of you," he mumbled in response, his hand settling low on Chris' small belly. "Well today I'm taking care of you, and I can tell that you're thirsty so I'll get you a water and be right back," he said, kissing the top of his head gently and getting back out of bed. Deciding he really wanted to brush his teeth again David stretched his whole body and slowly got out of bed, feeling a little wobbly on his feet still. He walked slowly to the bathroom, one hand on the wall for balance. He used the bathroom and brushed his teeth before edging his way back to bed still holding the wall. He got there to find Chris already there, glass of water on the side for him. He picked it up and gratefully sipped from it before replacing it and crawling into bed. "I think Leo took every thought and memory you've ever had," Chris said bluntly once David had laid down. "Really?" David asked. "Yeah. He'd literally ransacked your memory and thoughts, it was upside down in there and I had to put it all back," he sighed heavily and David shifted, feeling very vulnerable. "What the hell would he do that for?" he asked and Chris shook his head. "I don't think he meant to, and it will have hurt him as much as it hurt you, because melds aren't supposed to convey that quantity of information in that length of time." Chris moved closer so his front was pressed entirely along David's side, his one arm draped across his chest. "Did I sleep all day?" "Mmm yeah you were kind of in and out," Chris replied, breaking off into a yawn. Against David's side he could feel tiny thumps as the baby kicked. "He's really going for it," David chuckled. "Going to be a soccer player or a kickboxing champion," Chris winced. David nudged him gently so he rolled onto his other side, David rolling with him so his front was against Chris' back, holding him close with one hand covering his bell protectively. "Isn't it crazy in a few weeks he'll be here?" "Uh huh," Chris replied vaguely. "What's wrong?" David asked, able to sense the change in Chris' tone and mood. "Just kinda worried about the surgery. I might need half of Leo's liver if mine doesn't stand up to the next couple of weeks, he's already been giving blood that Bones is storing up for me for when I need it," he said quietly. "I'm sure Leo will come back before then. I really don't know what the hell happened today but I know he'll come back. And I know it's all going to go fine, you're both going to be fine," David reassured, kissing Chris on the back of the neck. "Let's just get some sleep ok? And tomorrow you're staying here and hanging out with me all day, doctors' orders." "Mmm ok, night Chris, night kickboxing champion," David mumbled, falling rapidly into a deep sleep. A couple of miles away Leo huddled in the shower cubicle, turning the water as hot as it would go and scrubbing his skin aggressively. He'd run off and checked into a motel, needing somewhere to try and re-centre his mind. He'd touched David's face as they fought and somehow it had basically downloaded his entire memory in full into Leo's own mind and it was causing him a huge amount of pain and confusion as he tried to settle his own mind down. He was unable to overcome one image that seemed to have burned into the forefront of his mind. A memory that didn't belong to him. He was on his back, he was fighting, he was in pain and then the fighting stopped, glancing next to him a man was beating his attacker, a dishevelled man with wild golden hair and the bluest eyes in existence. He caught his eye for just a second but he was without a doubt. The man he was looking at in David's memory was James T. Kirk. David and Jim had crossed paths and the only sense that Leo could make of it in his jumbled mind was that David had repressed the memory of his attack, and wasn't consciously aware of it. Leo's heart was pounding as he willed himself to observe the memory over and over again, becoming more and more certain. Jim and David had crossed paths on the Orion ship. Jim Kirk was alive.
