Welcome to the next installment of my Spock/Zia stories that began with Starfleet Academy, continued with Vulcan Hunters and Children of Two Worlds, and will possibly conclude with this. If you haven't already, I would read the above stories, as well as Blind, Depressed, Dissolute and Hopeless. All four stories prelude this one and provide insight into my OC characters as well as the different relationships between characters. This story is set during the entirety of the Enterprise's five-year mission into deep space, beginning during their first month and ending upon their arrival back on Earth. The events of Star Trek: Beyond will also take place during this story. Throughout the story, I not only want to focus on Spock and Zia's relationship, but also telling the stories of the rest of the characters. While the first few stories were told from Spock and Zia's POV, that has now expanded to involve the rest of Alpha-shift and my OC's. There are new friends, new relationships, and new enemies that the crew of the Enterprise will deal with throughout their five-year mission, and I do hope you enjoy exploring them with me. Without further ado, I give you... the first chapter! o.O.o Chapter 1 – Cestus III One month "This is Captain Kirk calling Federation Outpost Cestus III. Have we been given the all-clear?" "Yes Captain. You are cleared for entry." "Thank you Commander Kirby. You'll be seeing us in just under an hour." Captain Kirk spun around in his chair and clapped his hands together. "Well folks, this is our last pit stop before we go out into undiscovered space! Everyone ready for their toilet break?" "Very funny Captain," Uhura snickered. He was exaggerating a bit, as this was the first time they'd stopped since embarking on their mission. They'd been at Warp for a whole month, brooding on how un-glamorous this actually was – for every day of excitement there was a month of boredom. All the drama came from Engineering when some careless redshirts performed an experiment gone wrong, resulting in McCoy screaming at the offending crewmembers. Some humour could be attributed to the hypo-wielding doctor, as he was relentless in his mission to vaccinate every crewmember against every disease known to man. It was actually entertaining whenever some poor man or woman raced through the corridors, the shouting doctor in tow. McCoy kept everyone on their toes and several Ensigns were plotting to have him accidentally thrown out of Airlock C. They still had four years and eleven months to survive with him… The Enterprise dropped out of Warp and was caught in the gravity of Cestus III, which anchored it in place. Despite Sulu's expertise with landing the craft, Kirk wanted to avoid landing as much as possible. Instead he directed people to board the shuttles and use them to fly down to the surface. All pilots manned one of the many shuttles and the Beta-shift crew was left in charge until the Alpha-shift returned. Upon their arrival on Cestus III, everyone exited the shuttle and sighed at the feel of the sun on their skin, no matter how weak the rays were. They were greeted by pale yellow skies and a greeting party made up of Commander Kirby and his security officers. Two hundred crewmembers were escorted to the Federation Outpost for a couple hours of rest and relaxation before leaving Federation space for good. "So Commander," Kirk said warmly, "how's the planet going? Are you still friendly with the natives?" Kirby shrugged. "We're as friendly as ever. They only tolerate us for the protection we provide against the Gorn." Kirk motioned to Spock and the Vulcan joined them, the trio heading towards the native city. The city was extensive, with thousands of stone columns reaching towards the sky, and a house built around each column. "There's a column for each family," Kirby explained, "and the house is built around it, with the column as the very centre of the household. It's supposed to represent stability within the family home. Columns near the centre of the city are old and signify high class, while newer ones are on the outskirts and are exposed to the elements." "It's an interesting system." Kirk watched as a native pushed past him, holding two children close to her, all of which had ears that stuck out for a mile. Maybe not a mile, but their ears pointed out horizontally for ten centimetres on average and their canines stuck out from between their lips. Humans were very obvious among these people, mainly because of the size of their ears. A native fell into step with Kirby, walking close to the trio. "Kirby-Mana, you and your Starfleet men must leave. It is not safe." Kirby wrapped a gentle hand around the native's wrist. "What's the problem?" "Human and Romulan pirates," the native whispered urgently, beige eyes appraising Kirk and Spock from beneath green bangs. "They plan to attack the outpost once the ship is gone." "Thank you Iya-Tawe. Come to the outpost in ten minutes and we'll talk more." The native disappeared and Kirk frowned. "What's that about?" "I don't know. Iya-Tawe is one of my informants from within the native population. I earned his respect by helping the people rebuild after the last storm." "Okay. Spock, keep your eyes peeled for Romulans." Kirk glanced around furtively and moved closer to his First Officer. "Captain, we must return to the outpost at once." "Yes, I have to agree with the Commander." Kirby nodded. "Let's go. Iya-Tawe will meet us there." They returned to the outpost presently and moved through the brown grass and restless crewmembers, heading into the rusted outpost's private office. Iya-Tawe stood in there, shrouded in his brown cloak, only his beige eyes visible from within the shadow. "Jeez, do you have to be so creepy?" Kirk demanded. Iya-Tawe dropped the cloak from around his face and smirked, eyes crinkling around the edges. "I apologise. My countenance does… frighten some." Kirk shook his head. "I'm not scared. So what do you have for us?" "I will only share that information with Kirby-Mana." Kirby moved forward and closed the door behind him, shutting the four in a four-walled, windowless room with two chairs and a desk. "What have you heard?" "Their leader is named Nada. He was questioning your other informants for a way into the outpost and threatened them so they kept silent. They plan to steal in once darkness falls and take your technology. I have reason to believe that they have an invisible craft landed somewhere near the city." "Did he question you?" Kirby asked. "No, I went straight to you." Iya-Tawe tilted his head and smiled, his canines poking out. "I trust I may now be gifted with a communication device, Kirby-Mana." Spock watched the exchange with interest, noting how 'Tawe' seemed to be a term of familiarity while 'Mana' was a term of respect. He could feel the trust between the two men and knew that Iya-Tawe's information was true. Such a relationship was undoubtedly rare on this planet, yet Iya-Tawe and Kirby had gained the other's trust and worked together to keep the peace. It was even rarer for an informant to be a key player in keeping the peace, as it was normally the military strength. "Once this threat is neutralised, the device is yours." Kirby pressed the back of his hand to his mouth and nodded. Iya-Tawe returned the gesture. "They do not have a ground base. If you find their ship, you find them." Iya-Tawe retreated from the room, pulling his cloak back up. Kirby turned to Kirk and Spock. "We don't have the equipment to locate an invisible ship," he sighed. "Does your Starship?" Spock nodded. "It does. Do you require or assistance?" "Yes, if you could locate the ship I could fire a torpedo and eliminate the threat." Kirk grinned. "I like the way you think!" He whipped out his communicator. "Keenser, do you read?" "Affirmative." "I need you to up the scanner sensitivity and scan the planet for any sign of another ship. This one should be invisible." "Affirmative." A few beeps sounded and a grunt of annoyance. "Yes Captain. Sending coordinates now." "Thanks Keenser." His communicator vibrated and he opened the map of the planet, showing Kirby exactly where the ship was. "We've got top-of-the-line stuff! We could take them out if you like." "That'd be-" "Captain! CAPTAIN!" A panicked Sulu rushed through the ajar door and nearly bowled Spock over. Kirk jumped. "Sulu! SULU! What's the problem?" Sulu placed his hands on his knees and panted for a second. He looked up at the Captain and shouted, "Pasha's missing!" o.O.o "The information is unmistakable," Spock concluded. "The location of the pirate ship, as well as Lieutenant Chekov's transmitter signal, indicates that the pirates have taken him into custody." Kirk moaned. "I take it that blowing it sky high is off the table?" "Affirmative, if we wish to see Lieutenant Chekov alive again." Sulu groaned. "I should have kept a closer watch on him! He was there one minute and the next, he was gone!" "They're onto us," Kirby said hurriedly. "They know that we know. Your navigator is a bargaining chip." "Starfleet doesn't negotiate with terrorists," Kirk declared hotly. "We'll find a way to get Chekov out of there and then we'll blow it sky high!" o.O.o Kirk fiddled with his cloak and checked his scanner again. "Honestly Spock, you could've gotten me a better material. This one's really scratchy!" His First Officer shrugged non-committedly. "You must accept what you are given." "In Spock-speak, 'shut up and stop complaining'," Kirk muttered. "I'm detecting two bogeys up ahead." He activated his communicator. "Keenser, we're in position. Fire the EMP now." "Firing." A soft breeze ruffled their hair and Kirk's scanner blacked out. "Their suspicions will undoubtedly be raised," the Vulcan murmured. He raised his phaser and they crouched in the tall grass, hidden by the thickness of the blades. They were one of the many pairs that were scattered around the grass field and the mission was to sneak up to the ship and attack if things got ugly. Normally Spock would accept such a mission with ease, but Kirk's complaining was beginning to irk him. After all, the Vulcan wore a similar scratchy cloak to better blend in to the grass. Their normal Starfleet uniforms would be visible for miles in this foliage. A plan had hurriedly been developed to retrieve Chekov and destroy the pirates at the same time. Seven pairs of officers were disguised and surrounded the ship as a back-up. Once Keenser fired the electromagnetic pulse, the ship would lose all its technology and the cargo bay door would fall open automatically, allowing Sulu to tiptoe on board and grab Chekov while the pirates were scratching their heads. When Sulu and Chekov were out, the pairs would retreat and Kirby would fire torpedoes from the outpost and destroy the ships. It was a hasty plan, but they didn't have time to figure out a more sound strategy. Chekov's life was in danger and they needed to rescue him as soon as possible. Kirk's voice broke the momentary silence between the two. "I'm guessing that if the pirates get the technology, it'll be really bad." "You are correct," Spock agreed. "This outpost lies on the very border between the United Federation of Planets and the Gorn Hegemony and our control over this world is a precarious one. If these pirates are searching for technology, as you assume, the ruling power over Cestus III will become the Gorn and they will gain another foothold into Federation space." "So I'm right, if the pirates get their way the entire planet is screwed." "Yes. We can continue later." "Right." Their scanner flicked back on and Kirk appraised it eagerly. "The bogeys are standing still. We need to move forward a few metres before they come into sight. Then we can shoot them." He frowned as the signals disappeared. "I think someone just did that. Come on, let's get closer." When Spock hesitated before moving, an amused smile crossed across Kirk's face. "Was that Zia?" "Yes. She requested to know if our mission was successful." Spock started moving and they crawled forward through the glass, towards where the ship would be. The pair closest to them became visible and Sulu had his face set determinedly as they approached their target. "They should be busy given that we just hit them with an EMP. Hopefully they don't realise what's happening until after we get Chekov out." The pairs converged on the ship and hunkered down in the grass, aiming phasers at the space where the ship was currently residing. It was a perfect picture of invisibility, if not for the open cargo bay door that seemed to lead to a room hovering in the sky. Kirk caught Sulu's gaze and nodded. Sulu whipped out his katana and approached the ship alone, crawling up the invisible ramp slowly. Spock bent down so close that his breath touched Kirk's neck. "Do you believe Lieutenant Sulu will succeed?" "He has to. As soon as he gets Chekov out we're getting out of here and letting Kirby fire torpedoes at the ship before they can take off." Kirk smiled grimly. "We don't react nicely when one of our own is captured." "Surely they intended to use Lieutenant Chekov as a hostage." "They're sure in for a surprise. On the Enterprise, we don't leave a friend behind. Never ever." Spock's frown softened. "I believe that we will succeed. The just cause normally prevails unless the participants are inextricably foolish." Kirk snickered. "So the good guys win unless they make stupid, selfish decisions." "Precisely." "I really think your human side is making an appearance." "Hush." They ducked down lower in the grass as a human pirate walked down the invisible cargo ramp, holding a primitive gun and binoculars. Every other pair ducked and froze as the pirate ran his binoculars over the surrounding grass suspiciously. Without scanners, their ability to detect danger was greatly reduced. Sulu had to hurry, otherwise the ship could come back online and the pirates would realise what was happening. Then their plan was ruined. "We have one minute and fifty-three seconds until the ship overcomes the electromagnetic pulse," Spock breathed. "They'll be back. Sulu's never failed us before and Chekov means a lot to him." Kirk smiled as the pirate retreated back into the ship without detecting anything. "Do not move," Spock whispered imperceptibly. As if on cue, the pirate whipped around and narrowed his eyes on the field. It was a basic scout trick and no one fell for it. They remained still even when the pirate disappeared into the invisible space. Someone shouted from inside the ship and phaser fire was heard from inside. Spock and Kirk readied their weapons and watched as the ship came into view, its cloak finally failing. Kirby's men began to back away slowly, phasers still aimed at the ship, preparing to run when Sulu and Chekov rushed out. A tense silence ensued, broken by the rustling of grass. Spock's heart pounded and he calmed it immediately, telling himself that Sulu and Chekov would get out and they would be fine. He blocked his troubled thoughts from the mind-meld and narrowed his eyes over the top of the phaser. If a single pirate stepped out of the ship, all those hours spent in the simulator would be worth it. Two humans burst from the cargo bay, one wearing a plain brown cloak and the other sporting a tactical yellow shirt. More humans barrelled after them, primitive guns in hand. Sulu stumbled, pressing one hand to his side, and swung his katana with the other. Chekov dived into the grass, clutching his leg, and the pirates found themselves barraged by enemy fire. All seven pairs let loose with their phasers and shot to kill, all the while retreating from the space. Sulu and Chekov rushed after them, blood dripping from both of them. Meanwhile the pirates dropped like flies. "Commander, now would be the time!" Kirk shouted into his communicator. "Okay, let's get out of here!" He tugged Spock's cloak and they retreated, Sulu and Chekov falling into step with them. Behind them, the ship whirred with life and a pirate opened a hatch at the top with a machine gun in hand. The Romulan aimed down the sights and fired at the withdrawing officers, missing Kirk by inches. They dived into the tree line and crawled away, covering their ears with their hands as an explosion sounded behind them. o.O.o Safe in the Enterprise Infirmary, Kirk activated his communicator. "Commander Kirby, what's your status?" "It's good to hear from you Captain! We've detained the survivors and are treating them now. I'm heading out with a group to clean up the site. We'll be fine on our own." Kirk looked across at where Sulu and Chekov lay unconscious on bio beds, the pilot with a gunshot wound to the navel and the navigator with one to his thigh. McCoy declared that they would be fine, but he was keeping them bedridden for a week until they were sufficiently recovered. "That's good news." "Thank you for your help, Captain. You may have saved the planet from the Gorn." "Hey, I'm born to help. Thanks for letting us stay for a couple hours. My crew needed it." "Good luck with your mission." "Likewise. Live long and prosper." Kirby chuckled over the communicator. "Live long and prosper." Kirk terminated the call and stood from the bed, his physical complete. McCoy said he was good to go and the Captain needed to give people orders. Spock joined him in the corridor and they walked to the Bridge together. "Do you think we did the right thing?" Kirk asked quietly. "Yes, I do. We protected the innocent." "I suppose so, and Kirby's team is taking care of the survivors. I'm just wondering if any of them have a family… and if they're a pirate because they want to provide for their family. Some of them might not have any choice." Spock's voice softened. "Captain, we performed the morally acceptable deed. The survivors may return to their family in the future. Starfleet does not tolerate people who perform dishonourable acts and there is always the option for an honest profession." "So in Spock-speak, that's 'why be a criminal when you can get a real job since Starfleet likes people with real jobs'." "I do not understand your use of the words 'Spock-speak'." "Get used to it." They arrived on the Bridge. "I have enough trouble keeping up with your logic-babble as it is. Spock-speak is my translator." Kirk sat in his Captain's chair and looked at the acting pilot. "Set a course for Deep Space Area three-five-alpha-zulu-roger-six. That's our first stop." "Yes Captain," the acting pilot said quickly. The Enterprise creaked and shot forward into unknown space. Kirk turned and grinned at Spock, earning a raised eyebrow from the Vulcan. The real mission was just beginning.
Behold, a little ditty in which I poke fun at Kirk's habit of screwing things up just by entering the room! Poor guy just can't catch a break... o.O.o Chapter 2 – The Curse of Captain Kirk Part 1 Four months Sometimes, Spock reflected as he dodged an approaching tree, the great Captain Kirk was an idiot. Everything seemed to go wrong whenever Kirk was planet side. "Did we lose them?" said Captain wheezed from behind the Vulcan, clutching his stomach painfully. "I believe so," Spock replied evenly. His voice was higher than usual. "We have not received any indication that they may be following us." "Then let's… take a break." They slowed to a shaky halt and Kirk collapsed on a rock, shaded by a huge tree. Spock gently lowered Uhura's cloaked form onto the rocky ground and touched her wrists, noting how her body was still in shock. "How's… she doing?" Kirk gasped squeakily. "She is still experiencing shock, though I removed the weapon twenty minutes and forty-eight seconds ago." "You mean… we were running for twenty minutes?" "Indeed. They were most persistent. I am unsure how we were able to maintain such a speed for twenty minutes without the atmospheric conditions affecting us." Kirk waved a hand dismissively. "Remind me to tell Bones that he needs to bump up my physical date. It'll make me want to exercise more." He collapsed. o.O.o Five hours previously Spock was sitting comfortably at his station, examining the atmospheric conditions of the planet they were approaching. He had detected the planet mere minutes ago and Sulu had adjusted their course so they would exit Warp above the atmosphere. Zia tapped at her own console, taking in the information Spock was sending her. "It looks like there's plenty of oxygen and hydrogen in the atmosphere," she said quietly, "and some helium too." "Helium indicates that our voices shall heighten if we are present on the planet," Spock replied. She nodded and her fingers flew across the console. "Initial scans show signs of civilisation to the north. There seems to be a rich animal population." Spock nodded. "I will take charge of this expedition." "Yeah, after last time I'd assume so…" They both remembered the most recent planetary mission. A group of Junior Science Officers (not including Zia) had gone down to the new planet to take samples and had been infected by the local bugs. All the infected had been human and the two non-humans had had to get Yeto down to the planet to treat them. Spock didn't trust any of the Junior Officers to go down without Senior Officers, so he forbade any blueshirts from going down unless the planet was scouted first. On the planet before that, a group led by Scotty had recovered a weapon from an extinct alien race. They were still trying to figure out how it worked and Carol Marcus was leading the research. Finding planets was more difficult than it seemed, as most galaxies only had a handful of planets and only one or two were habitable. The inhabitable ones were scanned and mostly ignored by everyone but the science officers. Then the next galaxy was a month Warp away. Of course they would stop to examine space anomalies to create a more accurate map of the deep space, but they did most of that while in Warp. The scanners would still work and their overall job was to explore, so it was easier that way. It didn't make the mountain of paperwork for the science officers any easier. Spock, Zia, and the other science officers had been working hard to write up reports for every planet they passed, assigning them a class and general geographical information. As members of the Alpha-shift, it also meant that the Vulcans spent more time on the Bridge that anywhere else on the ship. "I will entrust my duties as Chief Science Officer to you until I return." Zia shook her head. "We need to get the go-ahead from Kirk before deciding anything. Uh… where did he go?" Amusement flickered within Spock. "He retreated to the facilities fifteen minutes and eleven seconds ago." "Oh." She snickered and looked back at her console. "Do you think it was the chocolate he ate for breakfast? I told him not to eat it." "I believe so. When he returns presently I will confront him with our request." "In the meantime I'll get started with that planet report." Zia tapped her console screen and a file opened. She began to fill in the options, classifying the planet as Class-M and writing oxygen, hydrogen and helium as the atmospheric conditions. Spock continued to scan the planet repeatedly, more information popping up with each new scan. He shared his findings with Zia and they worked efficiently together. Kirk entered the Bridge, stretching. "I'm back ladies!" he announced, skipping over to his chair and plonking down. Spock was onto him immediately. "Captain, I wish to request that I lead the expedition to this planet." He showed Kirk the PADD and the Captain frowned slightly. "So there's people on the planet?" "Yes. I am unaware of their lifestyle, although their structures indicate a nomadic existence." Spock reclaimed the PADD and watched Kirk expectantly. Kirk stretched. "Well I haven't been on a mission for three months, so I'm dying for some action. How about you and me?" "I also believe that Lieutenant Uhura should join us. She is a celebrated xenolinguist and her skills will be useful." "Sure thing." Kirk tilted his head. "Does she want to come?" Spock raised his eyebrow. "Shall I ask?" "Don't bother," came a voice from behind them. "Lieutenant Uhura wants to go." They both looked back at the maroon-clad woman. "I'll bet you're dying for some action too," Kirk smirked. "Yep. You can only rely on entertainment from McCoy for so long." She crossed her arms. "Are you both going?" "You, Spock and me," Kirk nodded. "It should be easy, right?" o.O.o After four more hours in Warp, the Enterprise dropped out above the atmosphere of the planet. Spock, Kirk and Uhura had discussed their approach in that time. They decided that they would beam down to the outskirts of the civilisation, disguised in dark brown cloaks, and observe the locals from a distance. Uhura would record conversations and try to gain some insight into their language. Spock would examine everything around him from trees to the air to the physicality of the people themselves. Kirk would sit there looking pretty and would take action if they were discovered. "We all good?" Kirk asked. Spock and Uhura nodded from their seats in the conference room and stood, following the Captain into the corridor. They went straight to the Transporter room and strapped utility belts around their waists before donning the cloaks and standing on the pad. An older Ensign sat in the seat and entered the coordinates rigidly, her eyes fixed on the console in front of her. "I trust you shall not let your impulsive nature interfere with our simple mission," Spock stated calmly. "In Spock-speak: behave. I'll do my best," Kirk sighed, falling into a crouch. Spock and Uhura copied him. They were enveloped in the white light of the Transporter and everything disappeared for a moment. Instead of the crisp white of the Enterprise, they were faced with a dark, tree-filled planet. There were no brightly-coloured trees here. Everything was set in dark greens and browns and their cloaks matched their surroundings perfectly. Spock whipped out his tricorder. "Initial scans indicate that the civilisation is indeed close by. There are no life-signs nearby, so we should remain undiscovered." A high-pitched squeak escaped his throat and he stopped, coughing awkwardly. Kirk gaped. "What was that sound?" His voice peaked, becoming higher with each word. He giggled, sounding like a chipmunk. "I guess this is from the helium in the atmosphere, huh?" "You are correct." Uhura doubled over in high-pitched laughter. "Spock, you sound ridiculous!" she giggled. "This is so funny! I'm glad I brought my recorder." She brandished it cheekily. Kirk rolled his eyes and led his crewmates through the bushes, reaching a rocky overhang that gave them a perfect view of the native civilisation. It was set in the very middle of a dirt-filled valley with forest lining the high edges where the Starfleet officers currently hid. The people lived in a large cluster of tents and quite a few were out and about. "We must not interfere," Spock said immediately. "They must not know of our presence." "Sure, sure," Kirk said dismissively. "This won't be a Nibiru repeat." "Why do I have trouble believing that?" Uhura muttered. She held out her recorder and typed a few words to extend the range. Spock activated his tricorder and took stock of everything surrounding them: the appearance and density of the trees, the colour of the sky, the ionosphere, the current wind and weather patterns, a map of the surface, the tent design and many other factors. There was so much to look at. His heightened Vulcan eyesight picked up movement from within the native camp and he made note of the physical appearance of the people. They had four arms and were completely covered with hair. "Did you get a picture of them?" the Captain asked, looking up from his scanner. Spock held up his tricorder and zoomed in on a native, snapping a picture to show Kirk. The blonde man gaped. "They're huge! Uhura, have you got a recording?" "Yeah, it seems they talk in a high-pitched growl. It's probably because of the helium," she answered, manoeuvring her recorder to face Kirk. "Okay. Will you be able to make any sense of the language? Hey, are you recording me?!" She stopped the recording and snickered. "Now everyone on board can hear you sounding like a chipmunk! But yes, I can make sense of the language." Spock glanced at them. "Captain, Lieutenant, I would prefer if you focused on the task at hand." "Okay," Kirk nodded, "sure. I'll let you two do your thing." They fell silent and Kirk moved back, sitting behind his crewmates. Spock went through all his scans and moved onto a biological scanner, attempting to find both a male and female subject to scan. Uhura ran the native language against similar languages within the Federation but came up with nothing. Thirty minutes passed before Uhura switched off her recorder and sat back, rubbing her face. "This language makes no sense. I have no starting point." She groaned. "I'll bet that every civilisation we'll come across will be like this. I'd be surprised if we find a language that's compatible with a universal translator." "It is possible," Spock replied. "I have acquired enough information. We may leave. Captain-" He froze. Kirk was gone. "Uh… where's the Captain…?" "I do not know." Spock activated his comm. "This is Commander Spock to Enterprise." Sulu cracked up over the comm. "Spock, is that really you? You sound so weird!" He huffed internally. "This atmosphere contains high amounts of helium. Now I would like to request a scan for Captain Kirk's transmitter signal." Sulu replied after a few moments. "He's still on the planet, but his location is in the middle of the civilisation. Would you like me to try and hail him?" Angry shouts sounded from the tents. Spock fought a smirk. "That is not necessary." He terminated the communication and tucked his tricorder underneath his cloak, standing up slowly. Uhura followed suit and they watched as Kirk's cloaked form burst out from the tents. He was being chased by quite a few four-armed natives. "He's moving," Uhura said quietly. "The Transporter won't lock on." Spock nodded. "Then we must assist the Captain." He jumped over the edge of the overhang, running unevenly down the pile of rocks and dirt to get to the valley bottom. Uhura followed slowly, her boots sinking into the dirt with her slow movement. When they reached the bottom, they were almost level with Kirk. He approached quickly, yelling in terror. Uhura raised an arm to wave and gasped, stumbling back a step. Spock turned, panicked, and immediately saw a dart sticking in the side of the cloak. He tugged it out and threw her over his shoulder before falling into step with a sprinting Kirk. No words were exchanged as they ran from the angry natives, attempting to lose them through the dense forest with its winding paths. It was difficult to navigate through the trees but they had to. Worry coursed through Spock as he thought of Uhura's limp form draped over his shoulder. The material from her cloak ensured that he couldn't detect anything from her. They ran for twenty minutes before Kirk finally slowed. At the human's stumble, anger surged through Spock. Kirk had probably gone and done something stupid that had landed them in this mess. They weren't supposed to interfere with the natives! "Did we lose them?" said Captain wheezed from behind the Vulcan, clutching his stomach painfully. "I believe so," Spock replied evenly, barely affected by the running. "We have not received any indication that they may be following us." "Then let's… take a break." They slowed to a shaky halt and Kirk collapsed on a rock, shaded by a huge tree. Spock gently lowered Uhura's cloaked body onto the rocky ground and touched her wrists, noting how her body was still in shock. "How's… she doing?" Kirk gasped squeakily. "She is still experiencing shock, though I removed the weapon twenty minutes and forty-eight seconds ago." "You mean… we were running for twenty minutes?" "Indeed. They were most persistent. I am unsure how we were able to maintain such a speed for twenty minutes without the atmospheric conditions affecting us." Kirk waved a hand dismissively. "Remind me to tell Bones that he needs to bump up my physical date. It'll make me want to exercise more." He collapsed. Spock marched over to the blonde and did his best to look intimidating. "Why were you being chased?" Kirk winced on the ground. "I got bored. I decided to do some snooping so… I went into their camp. It turns out that they've got this shrine thing in the middle of the camp that we couldn't see. They… uh… well they walked through it really carefully so I tried to do the same and… I stepped on a leaf." "You stepped on a leaf," Spock repeated in disbelief. "Yes. I stepped on a leaf and they started chasing me and screaming. They tried to shoot me with these darts!" Spock switched his gaze to Uhura. "We are stationary. I will contact the Enterprise and request beaming." o.O.o "Honestly," Zia laughed, "how did he manage to get into the camp unnoticed? You said there were heaps of natives." "I am unsure." Spock glanced across the stark-white Infirmary to where Kirk and Uhura lay on neighbouring beds. Uhura was still unconscious, but McCoy had assured them that she'd been injected with a 'knock-out' chemical and it wasn't fatal. She'd be back on her feet in a day or so. Kirk had to stay in until Uhura was free to go, as it was his fault that she had been hit. McCoy had given no say in the matter. "We should get going," Zia smiled. "You don't want to catch Kirk's curse." He remembered something amusing about their situation on the planet. "As you know, the atmosphere contained high levels of helium. Our voices were higher in pitch than usual." At his words, she giggled. "Lieutenant Uhura recorded Captain Kirk's voice under the influence of the helium. When she wakes, her recording shall become viral around the ship." Zia laughed and Spock stood from his bio bed, catching McCoy's eye. The grumpy doctor nodded begrudgingly and the two Vulcans left the Infirmary eagerly. "I'm just glad that you're okay. Getting chased by angry aliens is never fun." "Do you speak from experience?" "Sort of… I was chased by humans and they're alien to me." She tilted her head as they entered a Turbolift. "Would you like to eat before returning to the Bridge? You need your strength after that run." He nodded, seeing the sense in her statement. "Food is wise." He typed in the level of the Mess Hall and they exited, walking close together. They could hear the voices and clinking of cutlery from two corridors away. Zia tapped his arm. "Do you think McCoy should ban Kirk from going planet side? Everything bad seems to happen when Kirk's there." "That is impossible," Spock replied reluctantly. "Captain Kirk would never overlook the possibility of an adventure."
Chapter 3 – Unidentified Energy Signature Nine months Everything seemed fine. The Enterprise was travelling at Warp, heading for the nearest galaxy that looked like it could be populated. There hadn't been any excitement for two weeks, but the crew was busy writing reports and studying artefacts that they'd already collected. Paperwork kept everyone on their toes. Uhura, Sulu and Chekov were sitting at a table in the nearly empty Mess Hall. It was mid-afternoon and everyone else was working, but Kirk had given the three officers a break since they'd skipped lunch. Uhura was tapping away at her PADD, flicking through the messages that her department had sent, and Sulu and Chekov were chatting casually. They were the only ones in the Mess Hall. "I found zat ze discoweries on zat last planet vere interesting," Chekov was saying. "I vouldn't hawe zought zat ze ionosphere could affect ze natural order of zings so much. All ze animals vere bigger zan ze ones on Earth." "And the plant life was spectacular," Sulu agreed. "Most species were affected by the radiation coming from the atmosphere and some had even developed a humanlike sentience! I really wish McCoy let us bring some samples back." "All ve hawe is zat ten minute session ve vere alloved to study on ze surface." Chekov pouted cutely. He stabbed his fork into his salad viciously. "More time vould hawe been amazing!" They looked up as a familiar Vulcan approached, her tray laden with vegetarian food. "Hey guys," Zia greeted. "Can I sit with you?" "Did the Captain send you out too?" Sulu asked. "Yeah, and Spock took his side. They wanted me to go get some food." She shrugged and tucked into her potato chips and salad. "When did you last eat?" Uhura switched off her PADD and paid it beside her now-cold fish. "We all skipped lunch in favour of getting some reports done, so he sent us here as punishment." Zia raised her eyebrow and swallowed her mouthful. "And here I was thinking that I wasn't the only one starving myself. I haven't eaten all day." Chekov grinned. "Food tastes pretty good if you hawen't eaten all day, da?" "That it does." She sighed. "Can you believe that it's been nine months already? It doesn't feel like it." Sulu nodded. "I know. It feels like a few weeks." "That's what happens when you're in space for ages," Uhura said tiredly. "There's no sun so everything just moulds together into one huge day. I haven't been planet side for five months." "Two weeks for me and Pasha," Sulu told them. "A month," Zia finished. "You know, going planet side isn't all it's cracked up to be." Uhura snorted. "Yeah, last time I went down with Kirk he got me shot! I am never going down with him again, not even if Spock's there. There's no guarantee that Spock can keep the Captain out of trouble." The four friends giggled and Uhura's face brightened as she started eating her cold fish. "So Nyota," Zia began, "I'm curious as to how many dating offers you've received. I heard one of the engineers begging his friend to ask you out for him." She rolled her eyes. "You wouldn't believe the amount. I've turned them all down. And a lot of the girls are going after jailbait here." Chekov looked offended. "I'm not jailbait! I'm nearly tventy!" Uhura patted his hand. "You'll always be the bright-eyed and bushy-tailed little Ensign to me. Besides, you look exactly the same." "Oy!" Chekov cried indignantly. "I'we grovn!" "Sorry kid, but your face has no lines like the rest of us," Sulu said soothingly. Chekov grumbled. "Let's just eat and go back to ze Bridge." He glared as Uhura and Sulu high-fived. o.O.o When the four returned to the Bridge they sat in their usual seats and dismissed the officers that were filling in for them. Kirk was nodding off in the Captain's chair and Spock was working hard as always. "You should go get some food," Zia murmured to him. "That is unnecessary. I ate at 1204 and allocated myself a thirty minute rest while doing so." She rolled her eyes. "So where are we heading?" "Initial scans have proved fruitless, yet we should reach our destination in seven days, thirteen hours, eight minutes and two seconds." Zia opened her mouth to speak, but was cut off when a sudden darkness struck. The entire Bridge was obscured and the blackness of space filled the front window. They'd dropped out of Warp. Someone shouted in horror and Kirk leapt up from his chair, suddenly awake. "What happened?" he shouted. The lights flickered for a second before coming back on. Everyone was immediately at their consoles, typing furiously in an attempt to find out what went wrong. Kirk crossed to Spock's console. "What can you pick up?" The Vulcan visibly frowned. "It appears that we Warped straight past an unidentified energy signature. It entered our Warp space and infiltrated our systems." Kirk spun around and pointed dramatically at the Russian navigator. "Chekov, get your ass to Engineering!" Chekov scurried away and Kirk dived into his seat and activated ship-wide communication. "Attention all crewmembers, this is Captain Kirk. An unidentified energy signal has infiltrated our systems. We don't know if it's dangerous or not, so I urge you to avoid using anything connected to the ship's systems. This includes the Turbolifts, doors, food synthesisers and computers. Stay where you are until we sort out the problem." He turned off the comm and stared at his Bridge crew. "All of you, get off your consoles now. This signal could be dangerous." He tapped the arm of his chair and it popped open to reveal a hand-held communicator. Spock switched off his console begrudgingly and glanced at Zia and Uhura, who were doing the same. "We cannot learn the identity of this signature if we cannot use our consoles," he told them. Uhura raised her hands. "Hey, this isn't my area. Hopefully Engineering can do something." The lights flickered again and the ship creaked. Chekov's voice sounded through Kirk's communicator. "Keptain, I'm in Engineering! Scotty has located ze signal. It's hiding in ze core and draining our pover!" "Aye," came Scotty's voice. "Capt'n, a full ship shutdown should get tha signal away from tha core. If we isolate it, we can do somethin'." "Do it," Kirk replied immediately. There was a pause. "I'm sorry Capt'n, bu' tha wee bugger has shut us out o' tha system an' we cannae reach tha manual shutdown. Tha doors are closed." Kirk cursed. "Dammit. We need answers Scotty." A shudder ran through the ship and the lights failed, enveloping the interior in darkness. Zia's Vulcan ears detected a faint hissing noise, but as soon as she registered it, it stopped. Her eyes widened and she stood abruptly. "Captain!" she called hoarsely. "We need oxygen masks right now. The oxygen's failed." Even as she said it, everyone became aware of a slight lightness in the atmosphere. The temperature abruptly dropped. "You heard the Lieutenant!" Kirk bellowed. He slammed his hand on the comm, but it only spluttered slightly. "Dammit." He grabbed his communicator and flipped it open, muttering slightly as he fiddled with the motherboard inside. Uhura felt under her console for the emergency pack. "I thought there were supposed to be failsafe's against this kind of thing." "We're entering new space," Zia replied, sitting back down. "Our ship is unprotected against the unfamiliar surroundings." She found her own pack and extracted her oxygen mask, fitting it around her face and activating it. Clear oxygen entered her brain and she sighed in relief, glancing around to make sure that everyone else was doing the same. Kirk cried out in joy and pressed a button on his communicator. "This is Captain Kirk calling all crew communicators! The oxygen has failed and I'm ordering everyone to find the nearest oxygen mask and activate it! Keep your communicators close at hand. This signal has caused a ship-wide failure and this is the only way I can contact you." He ended the transmission and pulled his own mask out from underneath his chair. Zia glanced at Spock. 'Uh, what did Kirk just do?' Spock met her gaze calmly, looking slightly ridiculous with the mask strapped to his face. 'He changed the signal output of his communicator and expanded its range to include all other devices. That way he could send a message that they would all receive.' 'Oh, so he hacked into the signals?' 'Yes.' 'I've never seen him do anything like that.' Amusement flickered in Spock's mind. 'He is very intelligent, despite what others believe.' Kirk flicked his communicator again. "Okay Scotty, please give me good news." "Believe it or not Capt'n, we have good news! Tha lad found a vent tha' leads to tha manual shutdown. He thinks he can squeeze through." "Da, I can! And I vill!" "I told ye, Keenser can fit jus' fine." "Keenser is locked on ze hydraulics deck. He vouldn't get here in time." "Chekov, just do what you have to do." "Captain," Spock called, "my scanner detects that the oxygen level is fifty-two-point-eight percent. It is dangerous for it to drop beneath twenty-five percent, as we may suffer from unwanted physical affects." Kirk nodded. "And be quick about it. The oxygen is dropping rapidly." "Da Keptain." The transmission ended and everyone seemed to slump in their chairs. Zia imagined McCoy's voice if he was there, "you're putting all our lives in the hands of a seventeen-year-old?", but of course, Sulu would reply that Chekov was nineteen now, but nineteen wasn't much better, even if it was Zia's age when she met Spock. Chekov's age didn't matter. He was their best bet at getting out of this situation alive. Sure, it wasn't their first near-death experience since the mission started, but this was the first time that the ship had been infested with a… virus? If that's what she could call it. Spock cleared his throat. "Oxygen levels have dropped further to forty-point-mind percent." Kirk let loose a few colourful swear words. "Scotty, what's going on?" "Chekov's through tha vent. He's tryin' ta restore limited power ta tha protective casing so he can ge' inside." Scotty's voice turned anxious. "Wha's tha oxygen level?" "Thirty-four-point-four percent," Spock answered. "Thirty-four-point-four percent," Kirk relayed, "and if it gets below twenty-five, we're in trouble." Scotty groaned. "We may no' have enough time! He's not even past tha protective casin'!" "Calm down Scotty," Kirk ordered. "He'll get it done. This is Chekov we're talking about." He turned in his chair and glared at Spock. "As soon as this is over you're going to write a failsafe for this. We need to protect our systems." "I will update our current system promptly," Spock replied hastily. An angry Captain was a dangerous one. "Thirty-point-seventeen percent." "Come on Chekov," Uhura whispered. She shivered as the temperature dropped further. Beside her, Spock and Zia shook from the cold, as Vulcans were more susceptible to cooler temperatures. "Twenty-seven-point-fifty-three," Spock said evenly, not allowing his voice to falter. Panic began to course through Zia and Spock covered her hand with his. 'This is not the first time we have experienced near-death circumstances.' 'I know. I just hate sitting here waiting to freeze to death or Chekov to activate the manual override.' 'Do not lose hope. We-' A hissing sound entered the Bridge and the lights flicked on. Everyone let out a very audible sigh of relief. 'They have to stop saving us at the last moment,' she sighed. 'This is getting pretty old.' Kirk slammed his communicator down. "Scotty, did we do it?" "Aye Capt'n. Chekov initiated tha manual override." "Spock, isolate the signal and get rid of it!" "Yes Captain." Spock let go of Zia's hand and turned to his console, his fingers flying furiously over the controls. His brow furrowed as he focused completely on stopping the unidentified energy signature that had almost killed them. He leant back in his chair. "I have isolated it in one of our ejection modules." "Ejection modules?" Kirk asked, confused. There was a murmur of agreement around the Bridge as the crew heard of these modules for the first time. "As we are defenceless against new viruses that have not been encountered by Starfleet, I took the liberty to install several ejection modules on the ship's exterior that are connected to the main system. Its software allows for a virus to be trapped within and I can eject the module if I wish." Uhura whistled. "You think of everything." Kirk grinned. "Eject that module! I'm assuming it has a self-destruct?" "Affirmative. Firing module." Everyone watched the monitor as the module flew away from the ship and rocketed into the distance. Spock pressed another button and a burst of light flashed, followed by the blackness of space. It was getting warmer and everyone slowly removed their oxygen masks, relaxing in their seats. Spock and Zia didn't relax and promptly began a system-wide scan to see if the virus was still within the ship's computers. Kirk let out a breath and activated ship-wide communication. "Attention crew, this is Captain Kirk. The crisis has been averted thanks to Lieutenant Chekov's and Commander Spock's quick actions. Everyone except Alpha-shift can take the rest of the day off. I want all Alpha-shift crewmembers to report to the Bridge pronto. Kirk out." Spock spun in his chair as the Bridge emptied. "I cannot detect any trace of the offending energy signature." Zia let out a breath. "He's right. I can't find anything, but it wouldn't hurt to keep an eye on the power distribution system." Scotty, Chekov and a grumbling McCoy entered the Bridge. The two older men claimed random seats while the younger went back to his station, high-fiving a grinning Sulu. "Ve kicked zat signals butt!" Chekov declared. "Tha' we did," Scotty agreed. "I'm proud o' ye lad." "Not bad for a kid," McCoy smirked. Chekov pouted, but didn't reply. "Well," Kirk declared, casting his eyes over the Alpha-shift – Spock, Uhura, Sulu, Chekov, Zia, Scotty and McCoy. "Well we did it. Good job guys. I couldn't have asked for a better crew." Uhura grinned. "We couldn't have asked for a better Captain."
So the fact that Starfleet was founded exactly one-hundred years before this chapter is set is a complete coincidence. 2161 and now it's 2261. I love it when a plan comes together! o.O.o Chapter 4 – One-Hundred Years Ten months The first thing Zia noticed upon waking was her alarm. Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Groaning, she slid her finger across the alarm screen and it shut up immediately. No… she didn't want to leave her lovely warm bed… the sheets were so soft and she was so comfy… did she really have to get up? Maybe I can catch a few more minutes… she thought sleepily, snuggling into her pillow. Five minutes passed and her alarm blared again, jerking her from a light doze. She slammed her hand on the screen this time and the alarm deactivated. It was four in the morning, ship time. A moan escaped her and she grabbed at her sheets blearily, wishing that she hadn't stayed up until midnight reading reports. Spock better appreciate the amount of time and effort she spent making sure the paperwork was in order. Rubbing her eyes with the back of her hands, she yawned and pushed her sheet aside, pressing bare feet against the ground. Her eyes opened and she hobbled away from her bed, moving from her dark grey bedroom to the stark-white bathroom. She blinked at the sudden brightness and stripped off her undergarments, moving straight into the shower. The warm water was a blessing on her back. It trailed down her body and she simply stood under the stream, allowing the water to soothe her tired muscles and prepare her for the coming day. After five minutes, she turned off the shower and towelled herself dry, paying particular attention to her soaked hair. She caught a glimpse of herself in the mirror and frowned at the dark bags under her eyes. Those hadn't been there a month ago. "You should get more sleep," she murmured to her reflection. It took two minutes for Zia to throw on a bra, panties, her science-blues and Starfleet-issued boots, allowing her damp hair to fall down her back. She took a moment to straighten her bed and exited her room after grabbing her PADD and a stack of reports, eyes heavy. The trip to the Mess Hall passed by quickly and she walked straight up to a synthesiser, ordering a fruit salad. Balancing the PADD, reports and salad was a challenge but she'd had plenty of practice. As there was barely anyone there at this early hour, she sat by herself and began to eat, continuing where she'd left off last night. That particular report contained information on a sample of water that was tested two weeks ago. As she was good with Oceanography, it was only logical that she study such reports. Mornings were very slow. Zia enjoyed the slow time and her mind wandered to the rest of her friends. Right now, Spock would either be working or meditating. Kirk, Chekov, Uhura, Yeto and Caitlin would be sleeping. Scotty would be in Engineering. McCoy would be drinking his hundredth cup of coffee. Sulu would be in the gym. Everyone was so predictable in the mornings. Then again, mornings were the worst. When the fruit salad was gone she retrieved a coffee and sipped it slowly, enjoying the bitter taste on her tongue that served to heighten her awareness. Once that was finished she cleaned up her bowl and cup and left the Mess Hall, her arms full of reports. Paper reports were a pain to carry around, but they served as a backup in case the PADD system crashed. It had happened before. The Bridge was manned by Beta-shift when Zia entered. She waved away her replacement and sat in her usual seat, setting the reports on her console. Then she continued to work her way through the pile, her brain slowly turning to mush as she read report… after report… after report… after report… "Morning," greeted a familiar voice. Uhura slid into her recently-vacated seat and stretched. "How long have you been here?" "I honestly don't know," Zia sighed. "It has to have been a couple hours at least." "It's seven in the morning. When did you get here?" "Well I woke up at four and had breakfast and came here. You do the math." Uhura yawned. "You're making me tired just talking about it. Well you should try and get a nap sometime today because we'll be having a late night." "Huh?" Zia blinked. The human stared at her like she was an idiot. "Today marks one-hundred years since the establishment of Starfleet in 2161! There's this big party tonight." "That's weird. I haven't heard anything about a party. Is everyone going?" Seriously, how hadn't she known about this? The ship had a massive gossip vine and she should have heard something about the party. Then again, she'd been buried in work for quite a while. A party was the last thing on her mind. "Hell yeah, everyone wants to go. Kirk's been having some trouble finding people who don't want to go, except for Spock of course, but he's forcing Spock to come tonight." "I'll stay," Zia volunteered. "I'm not one for parties. You remember what happened on New Year's a few years ago." Uhura grinned. "I do remember. That was when Kirk and McCoy spiked your drink… everyone saw a different side to Spock." They looked up as Kirk strolled onto the Bridge, coffee in one hand and a PADD in the other. He nodded at the man in the Captain's chair and waited for the Beta-shift member to leave the Bridge before sitting down, promptly flipping through his countless emails and tying responses when needed. His boredom was clear. Zia crossed to his chair, pushing her hair behind her ears. "Morning Captain." "Morning Lieutenant," he replied absently. "What can I do for you?" "Well, I heard today that there's a party tonight and you're having trouble finding people to go on duty…" "Yeah." "I can man the Bridge if you like." He looked at her for the first time that morning, his face breaking out into a grateful smile. "Really? I mean, that'd be great! You'd be on your own though. No one else wanted to stay and I'm making Spock come." "That's okay. I've spent enough time around the systems to be familiar with them." "Thank you. I mean it. It was hard enough getting a handful of engineers to go on duty as well as a couple people in the Infirmary. I had honestly given up hope and was going to man the Bridge myself." "You don't need to stress." He grinned. "If you're going to handle the Bridge tonight, I hereby order you to have the rest of the day off. You look exhausted. Go and get some sleep." She smiled warmly. "Thank you Jim." o.O.o Again, it was her alarm that brought her to the land of the awake. Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! Beep! She rolled over in bed and pressed the screen, deactivating the alarm. This time she didn't dawdle and dressed quickly, gathered her paperwork and rushed to the Bridge. She passed no one in the halls, as they were probably getting ready for the party. Only Spock was on the Bridge when she arrived, thoroughly engrossed in his console. "Hey gorgeous," she called as the door closed behind her. Spock spun in his seat and stood, bowing his head. "I have almost finished my diagnostic. Please allow me to stay until my replacement arrives. I cannot leave the Bridge unattended." She sighed. "Spock, I'm your replacement." He blinked. "You are not attending the celebration?" "No. I volunteered to stay on duty." She smiled humourlessly. "It was either me or Kirk, and he's a lot more important than me." Spock crossed to her in two steps, taking the paperwork from her arms. "I am aware that we have not spent time together recently. I had hoped that tonight we could reconnect." He carried it over to her console and she followed him, rolling her eyes. "Honestly Spock, I'm not a needy girl. We can go for a few weeks without hanging out and I'm fine with it. As long as you're there for me, I'm okay." She smiled and touched his hand. "After this we can have some chess time, if you'd like." His eyes locked with hers, filled with a strange intensity. "I would like that very much." He stepped closer, forcing her to move back until she leant against the science console. A sudden awareness surged through her body and she swallowed, not looking away from his hypnotic gaze. "Spock…" His hands rested on the console, either side of her hips, and his legs leant against hers. Their chests pressed together, allowing them to feel the others accelerated heartbeat, and their breath mingled within the small gap between their faces. His eyes searched hers for discouragement – any sign that she wanted some space – but found none. All he found was desire. "Zia…" he breathed, brushing his lips against hers. The kiss deepened immediately, her arms snaking around his neck to pull him closer. His hands released the console and moved to rest on her hips, pulling them close to his. Their eyes closed and they kissed as if they hadn't seen each other for months. After two long minutes she pulled away and sighed, kissing his lips briefly. "You best get going. I'll be fine here." He gently released her and stepped back, not regretting a single moment. "I will return later tonight. Until then, live long and prosper." "Live long and prosper," she farewelled, waving as he exited the Bridge. When he left, she sank into her chair, pressing a hand to her middle in an attempt to stem her racing heart. They'd been dating for… what? Three and a half years? And he still managed to elicit these responses from her. Every time they kissed, it was like they'd only just started dating. She felt flushed, embarrassed and light-headed with every touch. Well, that's what being in love did to her. She took a deep breath and stood, moving around the Bridge to check every console and ship status. If something was wrong she wanted to know immediately. The rest of the night seemed to pass very slowly. They'd dropped out of Warp that morning to give the Core a rest and were floating in a clear area of space. Hopefully everything would go smoothly and they wouldn't get attacked by unfriendly aliens while the rest of the crew was probably getting very drunk. "Space…," she murmured dramatically, "the final frontier! These are the continuing voyages of the Starship Enterprise. Her ongoing mission… to explore strange new worlds… to seek out new life forms, and new civilisations… To boldly go, where no one has gone… before…" She danced around the Bridge as she spoke, revelling in her time alone. Then she clambered to the top of Kirk's chair and bowed to an imaginary audience. "Thank you, oh thank you my loyal subjects! You're too kind…" Giggling, she jumped down and bowed a few more times before returning to her console. The stack of reports was still there and she reluctantly began to sort through them again, signing when needed and organising them into chronological order. All the while humming absently, as there was no one to be annoyed by the sound. A sudden beeping from Chekov's console caught her attention and she tripped over her chair in her haste to get to the console. When she finally got there, she read the screen and paled. Sensors had detected an asteroid rapidly approaching the ship on a collision course. "Oh dear…" she murmured, pressing a few buttons to predict the asteroid's exact course. If the computer was correct, then the asteroid would smash right through the hull. It was time to put those eleven months of study to use. Yes, she'd learnt the basic controls for all sections of the ship. It made her job easier. She leapt into the pilot's seat and disengaged the external inertial dampener, allowing the ship to move freely from its previously motionless state. After a moment's thought, she decided not to contact Kirk about the issue. He was probably too drunk anyway. She'd tell him tomorrow when the crisis was averted, as all she had to do was move out of the way. It wasn't a huge problem, but she would have to write the report and have Spock and Kirk both sign off… there was so much paperwork involved in running a Starship. "Okay," she muttered, "let's do this. I just have to move the ship out of the way. It shouldn't be that hard…" She bit her lip and flicked the sublight controls before pressing down the steering stick. The ship creaked as it moved forward, out of range of the asteroid. Zia let out a breath she hadn't known she'd been holding as the asteroid continued on its previous path. A sudden thought struck her and she hurried to the weapons console, locking onto the asteroid with a torpedo. There was no hesitation and she tapped the correct button and watched the asteroid blow to bits. At least it wasn't a threat anymore. Smiling, she did another sweep with the sensors before returning to her reports. o.O.o As soon as Kirk entered the Bridge the next morning, Zia pounced. She handed over her PADD for Kirk to sign and he frowned at the report. "What's this?" he asked. "When was there an asteroid?" "Last night," she replied. "I evaded and neutralised it." He stared at the young Vulcan. "You're saying… last night when we were partying… we could have been killed by an asteroid…?" "Yes. It's all good now. I didn't contact you because I figured you'd get pretty drunk." "I didn't really drink that much. I was busy watching Bones because he got smashed. He's still in bed with a hangover." She chuckled and gestured at the PADD. "I need you to sign off on the report. Would you like me to visit McCoy and see if he needs anything?" "No." He shook his head. "When Bones is hungover he needs to be left alone." He slid his finger across the PADD screen and signed the report, handing it back. "Thanks for saving our asses, but it'd be nice for a heads-up next time. I like to know when I'm about to die." "Yes Captain. Hey, what did Spock get up to? He doesn't normally sleep this late…" "He's sleeping? How do you know?" She gave him an obvious look. "Mind-meld, duh. What did you do?" "Spock didn't drink, I'm sure of it, not that it'd affect him anyway. I'll bet he was taking care of drunk people and didn't get to sleep until recently." "I wasn't really monitoring the connection, but I can tell that he's been sleeping for an hour and twelve minutes already." She tapped her PADD. "You should give the poor guy the day off. I'll take over his shift." Kirk frowned at her pale face and tired expression. "I think you need to sleep. I'll call in the Beta-shift." "But-" "No buts Abbott! You're exhausted and you need some rest. You can have the day off. Go to sleep." She sighed in defeat. "Okay. Shouldn't you be resting?" "No, I had my rest last night. I'm ready for work!" They smiled at each other and Kirk clapped her shoulder friendlily. Shaking her head, Zia exited the Bridge and made her way to her room, amused at the amount of hungover people that wandered through the corridors. One Turbolift trip later and she stood in front of her room, hand hovering over the scanner. She glanced behind her at the door opposite, her thoughts turning to Spock. His sleep was deep and much-needed. The smile that crossed her face was one of realisation. She'd sleep a lot better if she was with him. Instead of going into her room, she moved to the door opposite and keyed in a different code, entering with barely a sound. She stood in a small living area, with two doors leading to the bedroom and bathroom. This was hardly her first visit to his room. She entered the bedroom and squinted in the near-darkness, noting the prone figure wrapped in the blanket, rising and falling slowly with each breath. His clothes were perfectly folded on his bedside table for when he woke up. She unzipped her boots and placed them beside the door before taking off her science-blues and crawling into the bed with him, clad only in her bra and panties. His arms were around her before she was fully comfortable and he pulled her close, pressing his face into her arm. She closed her eyes and snuggled close, dropping off to sleep in a matter of moments.
Chapter 5 – All Hell Breaks Loose One year, five months "You said there are lots of different groups living in different areas and you got a language recording of each group. I don't understand the language, per se, but I can tell by listening that there are several different dialects on the planet. There's a dialect for each different group, sort of like the different dialects of Romulan, except these guys don't have any contact with each other." "How can you tell?" "Some words are the same, except one of the groups adds these small guttural sounds to their 'h' and 'c'. Another puts more emphasis on the vowels and some of the word formations have been tweaked. If I was to guess, I'd say that the planet was once united, but then split off into different groups. The languages changed over time. It's like home, where there are loads of different languages all over the planet. I wouldn't say that's a good example, but it's all I can say that you'd understand." "You're right about that. It was hard enough learning Vulcan." "If I wanted to confuse you I'd harp on about the history of the Andorian and Klingon languages. You'd be surprised about some of the stuff, but it's very boring." "Again, you're right. Well I think I have enough material for my report. Thanks Caitlin." "You're welcome Zia." An alarm blared and both women jumped in surprise. Zia's eyes swivelled to the lab door and she frowned, reaching forward to grasp Caitlin's hand reassuringly. "What the heck was that?" the Vulcan muttered. o.O.o The strange object had been on the scanners for a week already. Kirk made sure that they would drop out of Warp in close proximity to the object so they could examine it from a distance and determine if it was dangerous or not. It was emitting a strange energy signature that made Spock curious. "Dropping out of Varp Keptain," Chekov called. Spock leant forward in his seat, ears pricked, and watched as the Warp window gave way to a view of colourful nebula and space phenomenon. Orange, purple and red singularities swirled aimlessly in the vacuum of space, twinkling white stars visible past the curtain of colour. Hidden within the colours was the object they were searching for – a rectangular shape that unnerved Spock. Kirk leant forward in his chair, resting his elbows on his knees. "Spock, run a full scan now that we're close," he said softly. Spock had already started a scan and continued, noting several unfamiliar materials made up the structure of the object. "It appears to be a containment vessel," he announced. He swept over the vessel with another type of scan and pursed his lips, hiding his shock. "It contains a living being." The Bridge was deadly silent. "You're saying…" Kirk hesitated. "You're saying that there's something alive in there?" "Affirmative. Revising my previous statement, I believe this is an escape pod." Kirk went all business and tapped the comm, directing it down to Engineering. "Scotty, its Kirk. I need you to prepare a space in the rear cargo bay for an alien escape pod." "Aye Capt'n." He looked up at Chekov and Sulu. "Boys, I need you to get into position over the pod so we can scoop it up into the rear bay." "Yes Captain." "Da Keptain." Spock continued to run his scans as the Enterprise slowly moved into position over the escape pod. Sulu and Chekov were very careful and touchy with the controls, knowing that the pod could easily self-destruct if it came into contact with the exterior of the ship. Spock activated his own comm. "Spock to Lieutenant Marcus." "Yes Commander?" Carol Marcus said through the comm. "I require your presence in the rear cargo bay. We are currently intercepting an alien escape pod and I request that you examine the pod to determine its weapon potential." "Yes Commander. I'll be there shortly." With that, she terminated the call. Kirk turned and eyed his Vulcan First Officer. "Smart thinking," he said approvingly. "After all, you never know if there's shielding until a weapon's expert takes a look." "My thoughts exactly." Spock nodded, fighting a smile, and turned back to his console, aware that Kirk was grinning like a fool. Why was he friends with the Captain again? He didn't even know… "We're in position," Sulu called. Kirk rubbed his face. "Okay, move the ship down and get that pod into the cargo bay." Sulu and Chekov went back to focusing on the pod and the Bridge was deadly silent for several long moments. Spock abandoned his scans in favour of watching the front screen like everyone else. "Keptain," Chekov said finally, "ve hawe successfully captured ze pod." "Yeah!" Kirk cried, leaping into the air with a huge grin on his face. "Spock, you're with me. I haven't been this excited in ages!" He literally bounded to the Turbolift and squirmed impatiently as Spock moved leisurely to join him. It was clear that everyone wanted to be a part of the discovery, but only a select few were always first in line for the fun, Kirk and Spock being two of the few. They exited the Turbolift and Spock grabbed the back of Kirk's yellow shirt to stop the excited Captain from running off. The Vulcan bit back several comments comparing Kirk to a child on their birthday. Marcus and her team were waiting outside the cargo bay when the pair approached. Scotty came around the opposite corner at the same time, Keenser in tow. The three parties looked at each other for a long moment, and Scotty broke the silence. "Le's go," he said simply, moving forward and unlocking the cargo bay entrance. Everyone piled through the door and stopped, staring at the alien escape pod. It was clearly designed to last. Made of a dark metallic substance, it was larger than an average escape pod, indicating that the being inside was larger than a human. Strange patterns traced the sides in a foreign language, converging at what seemed to be the top of the pod. A type of keyboard rested at one end of the pod and Scotty approached it warily, tricorder in hand. "It's big," Kirk stated. Marcus dodged past him and joined Scotty in an initial scan of the pod. Spock approached the keyboard and touched a slender finger against one of the buttons, listening to the harmonic resonance that emanated from the touch. "Harmonic resonance," he murmured absently, touching another control. He was careful, as he didn't know which button would awaken the being inside the pod. "This keyboard appears to be an activation panel," he said to the room at large. "In order to open the pod, the correct code must be entered." "Right," Kirk sighed. "This is going to take a while. Have fun folks, I'm heading back to the Bridge." The Captain left the room and the science team, Spock and Scotty returned their attention to the pod before them. o.O.o They had no warning. Spock attempted another combination, ruling it out from his list of possibilities, and a strange pulse burst from the device. Immediately, all the humans collapsed, unconscious. Only Spock and an Andorian science officer remained standing, staring at their collapsed comrades in shock. Spock moved first and grabbed his communicator. "Captain Kirk, this is Spock. Captain, please respond!" Static greeted his message and Spock closed it, preparing for another form of communication. He stopped when a hissing sound escaped the pod, and both he and the Andorian backed away a few steps. "What the…" the Andorian muttered nervously. The pod opened suddenly, its gears creaking from disuse. They watched as a figure slowly rose from the pod. It wore metal armour that covered its entire body except for its face, which was pale blue and hairless. Such a creature had never been encountered by Starfleet before. The alien stood and turned, facing both conscious men. It stalked over to them, a strange expression on its blue face and in its white eyes, and moved with lightning speed for something that had been in stasis for years. Spock dodged its first hit and spun behind it, aiming a straight punch to its head. It ducked and swung its arm around, catching him in the stomach and sending him hurtling into the escape pod. Then the alien turned to the frozen Andorian. "Warn Captain Kirk!" Spock cried, righting himself and leaping for the alien. He landed on its back as the Andorian rushed from the room, tripping over one of his unconscious comrades along the way. To his luck, the alien was completely immersed in getting Spock off its back, bucking and twisting. Only Spock's Vulcan strength allowed him to hang on and he felt a brief stab of fear as the alien almost succeeded in throwing him off. Then, moving with more lightning speed, the alien leapt back into the nearest wall, crushing Spock between the armour and the wall. Spock coughed as his body contracted and found himself completely defenceless with his arms and legs pinned. The alien let out a slight grunting sound and stepped forward, not looking back as the Vulcan crumpled behind it. It paused for a moment, listening to Spock suck in a breath, and reached down, touching a gloved hand to the Vulcan's skin. Spock immediately pushed its hand aside, rolling away from the alien. It watched him for a moment, a dangerous glint in its eye, and strolled from the room, leaving the injured man behind him. Spock's entire body ached from the crushing impact against the wall. He allowed a small sound to escape his lips as he stood, his body protesting. An alarm sounded, harsh and loud, and he covered his sensitive ears, his face twisting with pain. He quickly assessed his injuries, noting no broken but several fractures bones, and quite a few bruises and lacerations from where the armour had cut his skin. Who was this alien? Where did it come from? Why had it attacked? Judging from the armour, it belonged to a form of military, though Spock didn't know which one. The pods origin date was hundreds of years previous, so it was possible that this alien was the last of its kind. Spock thought about the look in its eye, the uncaring, bored look. This creature had no intelligence and no real purpose, he presumed, other than fighting. In conclusion, it was a situation similar to his experience with Khan some years previous. This alien was physically powerful and completely driven by one goal, its one difference to Khan being its lack of intelligence and ability to think for itself. However, there was something strange about the way it touched his skin. Spock hadn't been able to sense its emotions, as its hand was gloved, but he feared that the alien had sensed his own. There was no telling what the touch meant, but if the alien had stolen information from the Vulcan's mind, it was now a threat to the crew's safety. After drawing his conclusion, Spock rushed painfully from the lab to catch up with the alien. o.O.o As the alarm continued to sound, Zia didn't take any chances and ran across the linguistics office, closing and locking the hydraulic door. Caitlin remained in the chair, gripping her walking stick tightly. "That's not the normal alarm," Zia said slowly, her Vulcan mind working furiously. "This is the 'lock your doors and hide' alarm." "I have no idea what it's about," the blind woman added. "It's obviously more dangerous than a lab explosion. Maybe there's been an outbreak in the science labs?" "I doubt it. I did an inventory check only a month ago and we haven't been experimenting with any viruses or contaminants. It can't be something from the labs." Zia shook her head. "It's gotta be something like an anomaly. You remember the last one? It hacked into the systems and almost destroyed the oxygen." "I remember." Zia returned to her seat beside the blind woman and frowned as something prickled in the back of her head, where her pain receivers were. Since she wasn't in any danger, she reasoned that Spock was in pain for some reason. She gasped. Spock was in pain! "Something's happened!" she cried, standing again. "Spock's hurt! I have to go!" "No! Stay! I can't go anywhere without you and we're safer here." "Spock is the love of my life and he's in danger. I'm not going to stand aside while he's hurting." Zia rushed to the door, unlocking and opening it before racing from the room. She turned the first corner and skidded to a stop, staring. A strange being was walking up the corridor in her direction. Its armour was high-tech and its head was clean-shaven. She blinked and lowered her hand to her hip, where her phaser usually rested during a crisis, but there was nothing there but blue material. The alien locked its eyes on her and picked up the pace, heading straight for her. Zia turned and ran back the way she came, bursting back into the office and locking the door behind her. Caitlin, hiding under the desk, didn't move as Zia squeezed beside her in their feeble hiding spot. "There's some alien outside," the Vulcan whispered. "It came right for me." "You have no idea of its capabilities, I would advise against fighting it without a phaser." "Phaser! Where's the phaser in this room?" Caitlin hesitated. "In the drawer beside the door." Zia darted from under the desk, reaching the drawers as something pounded against the door. She rifled through the drawers, moving downwards in an attempt to find the phaser. Where was it? Where was it? She was panicking now. The door buckled and the alien pushed it down, entering the room and swivelling its head to stare at Zia. She frantically opened the last drawer and saw the glint of a phaser poking out from underneath a pile of papers. Before she could grab it, the alien was upon her. With a growl, it leapt on her, its hands poised to grab her throat. She dived out of the way and rolled, facing the alien hesitantly. This was the first time she'd had to actually fight someone outside of the gym and fear was bubbling in her stomach. This time she was fighting for her life, but she had to protect Caitlin. If it got past Zia, the blind woman didn't stand a chance. She'd be obliterated. "Okay big buy," she muttered, moving into an offensive stance, "let's dance." The alien observed her stance with interest before copying it, a strange light in its eye. This was a warrior, she realised, and warriors were often capable of mimicking fighting techniques from other fighters. She dealt the first blow with a well-aimed head punch, followed by a quick jab at the body. The alien blocked both blows and flung its arms around in two crushing roundhouse punches. Zia blocked both with the bony parts of her arms, fighting a wince as her bones quaked under the pressure. Before the alien could gather itself for another powerful attack, she lowered her body and tackled it around the middle, forcing it back a few steps, before ducking underneath its fists as it tried to pummel her exposed back. Narrowing her eyes, she fell back into a defensive stance, watching as the alien again mimicked her. This time it struck first, continuing with the pounding roundhouse punches. As she blocked the blows, she failed to see the knee move. Her only indication of the attack was a crushing pain in her ribs, resulting in several nasty crack sounds. She fell back, holding her ribs, and landed heavily on the ground, her head hitting the hard surface. If this was any other fight, she would be out for the count, but she had to protect Caitlin from this alien. She had to… had to… The welcoming arms of unconsciousness began to surround her and she fought the fogginess, attempting to crawl to her feet but the joint pain in both her torso and head restricted her movement. She hazily registered the alien moving away from her and towards the huddling Caitlin, who whimpered as the heavy footfall approached her. Coughing up blood, she staggered to her feet and stumbled drunkenly towards the alien, groaning softly. It turned upon hearing her approach, tilted its head, and pressed its palm to her head, pushing her back several paces. She fell to her knees and looked up as the alien stood in front of her, its outline slightly blurry. Then its face seemed to explode and it fell back. It didn't get up. "Zia!" Spock appeared in front of her, moving awkwardly. His face swam in her vision and she realised she was lying on the ground. As he touched her arm, she felt his agony join with hers as his pain transferred through the contact. He felt her pain and nearly collapsed under the pressure, but managed to stay upright. "I'll call the Infirmary." That was Caitlin's voice. It was the last thing Zia heard before her eyes closed. o.O.o "Twelve broken ribs, moderate concussion and fractured forearms. Frankly, you're lucky the damage isn't permanent. I'll bet you put up a hell of a fight?" "I hope I did. That thing could have hurt my friend." "Well, if Spock hadn't come along when he did…" "I know." McCoy smiled warmly at his young Vulcan friend. "You call me if you need anything, okay?" "Will do. Thanks doctor." The grumpy doctor left his two most recently admitted patients alone and Spock and Zia relaxed into their beds, knowing they would be stuck in the Infirmary for up to two weeks while their injuries healed. They weren't the only ones that had been attacked by the alien; it had confronted every crewmember it came across – about five before reaching Zia – and proceeded to beat them until they ran. Spock's hypothesis had been correct. His science team ran scans on the remains of the alien's brain, revealing that its brain chemistry was that of a lower life-form, but several sections were remarkably advanced. It was clearly a case of genetic-engineering to mould the brain into following a single purpose. This creature was a warrior designed for battle and they didn't know how many more were around. "So," Zia said quietly so she wouldn't move her bandaged ribs, "Kirk's not happy that you killed it." "He believes we could have gleaned information from the warrior. I disagree. With such diverse brain chemistry, there is little we could have learned." "It was a threat to our lives. He has to understand that." "He understands, but he is not required to be pleased with the arrangement." "He can think what he wants. I'm just glad that we're alive." "As am I. Upon our recovery, we must change the regulations regarding foreign craft." "Aye," a now conscious Scotty called from across the room, "we don't wan' another fiasco like tha' do we?" The Infirmary door hissed open and a small blonde woman inched through the door. She glanced around, eyes unseeing, and Zia called her name. With the voice to guide her, she made her way to the edge of Zia's bed. "Hey," Caitlin said, reaching her hand out. Zia took it. "How are you…?" "Fine. Nothing too serious. Are you okay?" "I'm okay, yes." Caitlin squeezed her hand. "Thank you, for what you did. It was really brave." "You're my friend," Zia replied. "And you too, Spock." Caitlin didn't turn around. "You are welcome," he said. His eyes softened, and Zia felt the heat fluttering in his chest. Caitlin smiled, squeezed Zia's hand again, then left the Infirmary. McCoy approached as the door his shut, his eyes on the barrier. "Who was that?" he asked. "Ensign McFarland," Zia said. Recognition dawned on his face. "Oh. Yeah, I know her. Haven't met her, but I've read her file. Blind, yeah?" "Yeah." "Hm." McCoy turned his attention to Spock's bandages, and the cogs in Zia's head turned.
Ooooh we've got some Scotty action beginning to take shape! o.O.o Chapter 6 – Urika, Not Gorn! One year, six months It was one o'clock in the morning ship-time and the Bridge was empty except for five figures. First was a human sitting in the Captain's chair, his yellow shirt a little rumpled and his blonde hair even more so. He slouched in the chair, sporting a cup of coffee in one hand and a hand-held video game in the other. His presence on the Bridge was a must, as someone had to be seated in the Captain's chair at all times. Two more humans sat in the seats in front of the Captain, both sporting yellow shirts. The first, with curly hair and a sweet round face, was playing Space Station Invaders on his computer console in boredom, swinging slightly from side-to-side. The second human, this one with dark hair, had his eyes closed and his heavy breathing indicated that he was asleep. On the back-left to the Captain's chair was a human and a Vulcan. The human wore headphones over her ears, listening to the static of space, and she also had a video game device in her hand. Beside her, the Vulcan was busy typing away at his console, writing up the hundreds of reports that came with being First Officer and Chief Science Officer. To be frank, they were tired and bored as nothing exciting had happened since an alien ran loose on the ship with a messed-up mission to attack everyone it came across. Well, the Captain had overseen the marriage of two of his engineering officers last week, but that didn't really count as excitement. The Bridge door hissed open and a blue-clad figure entered, yawning, late for her shift. She was also a Vulcan and she took her seat in between the woman and the other Vulcan, not even apologising for being late to her shift. More minutes passed in silence, broken only by the occasional beep from the video game devices, until the woman with headphones spoke. "Captain, I'm picking up a transmission." o.O.o The planet was called Darta by its natives, the Urika. The Urika were taller than average humans, with reptilian skin and dark beady eyes. Spock observed from the brief transmission that the Urika did not wear clothes. Their language was loosely based on the Gorn dialects, so the Enterprise had a basis for the translations. It wasn't perfect, but it was enough to get by. Spock reasoned that the planet had once been colonised by the far-reaching Gorn, only to be forgotten and left to develop on its own. That sort of behaviour was right up the Gorn's alley, so the planets obvious dismissal from its founders came as no surprise. Perhaps the strangest thing about the transmission was their request, loosely translated to "Let us walk and talk among the jungle trees". As Uhura reminded her crewmates, the translation program wasn't perfect. However, after stating their wishes, the Urika requested that humans were not present in the meeting. The Urika had been ingrained with a deep distrust for humans, just like the Gorn, and didn't want one stepping foot on their planet. Naturally, Uhura was offended since she was the best linguistics expert on the ship and her knowledge would benefit any further communication. Spock stepped in then, saying that he was willing to lead a diplomatic party onto Darta. As an accomplished linguist himself, his leadership was approved. "For this mission, as we are unaware of requirements, I wish to request a fellow science officer, a medical officer and an engineering officer, all of non-human origins." His first choice was his girlfriend Zia, who wasn't letting him go planet side without her, given his track record. She was intuitive, intelligent and a quick thinker; which would benefit their operation greatly. His second choice was medical officer Yeto Kestrel, McCoy's own protégée. Under the tutelage of the good doctor, the Betazoid was growing into a remarkably accomplished young man and was the only officer that McCoy would allow on such a potentially dangerous mission. Third was one of Scotty's most trusted aide's; a newcomer named Lexis Redcliffe. The Takret was a genius when it came to tinkering and working alien objects while Scotty was unavailable, but she'd never been planet side before. "Make sure ye take care o' me lass, ye go' tha'?" Scotty had demanded when Lexis was placed in the group. "I don' wan' anythin' happenin' ta her." Spock had been unable to promise, as he had no idea how the mission would turn out. The four non-humans made their way to the Transporter room, strapping utility belts around their waists. Spock enjoyed the familiar feel of the phaser on his hip and stepped up onto the Transporter pad, waiting for the others to take their places beside him. "The Urika are expecting us," he told his team. "Lieutenant Kestrel, do you have your medical supplies?" Yeto tapped the bag slung over his shoulder. "It's fully-stocked and includes survival equipment, should we be stranded." "Good." He knelt down, the others following his lead. "Energize." o.O.o His first impression of the Urika: magnificent. Hulking and massively muscular, they were brilliantly built physically and quite intimidating, even to one as tall as himself. Like their Gorn ancestors, they'd developed a sense of dominance and command, yet were not equal to their founders technologically. That was clear after a few moments on solid ground, as he saw no evidence of ships or any other kind of advancements. Darta was quite similar to Terra, as in its people had spread far and wide. There were several cities strewn across the planet's surface, with this city obviously the capital. It also stood to reason that this was the first city founded by the Gorn, therefore it had the most history and held the most power. That's how conquerors usually did things. At the moment, the group of Starfleet officers and the group of Urika stood opposite each other outside what seemed to be the leadership building in the city. It was made of stone and metal and was an impressive sight compared to some of the other civilisations Starfleet had encountered. Spock adjusted the translator and stood proudly, appraising the Urika leader. A sash laid diagonally across the leader's body, a mixture of green and maroon, clearly indicating his position. The other Urika wore nothing, but they held heavy-looking projectile weapons. "It is an honour to meet you, great leader," Spock said, inclining his head. The translator barked out several words and Spock mentally crossed his fingers, as Urika was not a language in his vocabulary. The Urika leader eyed the translator and flicked his gaze at the three people behind Spock. He approached slowly, swaying from side-to-side, and took stock of Zia's pointed ears, Yeto's black eyes and the marks on Lexis' cheeks. Seemingly pleased with that he saw, he moved in front of Spock and plucked the translator from the science-blues, tapping it curiously with a glint in his eye. "Is this function?" the leader said absently, rolling the translator around in his hand. He nearly dropped the translator at the unfamiliar language and the guards behind him stepped forward warily, guns raised. "This is a translator," Spock explained, gesturing to the equipment. "With this, we can understand each other." "You are not human?" He winced at the translation and handed the technology back to Spock. "I am Vulcan, as is the woman in blue. The other woman is Takret and the male is Betazoid." "Vulcan. Takret. Betazoid. We are Urika." The leader looked pleased with himself. "Name is G'Tak." "I am Spock." He didn't bother introducing his team, as G'Tak wouldn't concern himself with them. As far as the Urika leader was concerned, they were guards. "He looks human." G'Tak pointed to Yeto. "He is Betazoid," Spock said quickly, "not human. They look similar, but are not the same." He hated having to dumb his speech down like this, but it was necessary for the flawed translation system. G'Tak nodded, a forked tongue flicking across his lips. "We will walk and talk. Come." He waved them over with a huge scaly hand and the four Starfleet officers hesitantly followed, feeling very small compared to these giants. 'What is your impression?' Spock asked, his question accompanied by curiosity. 'I'm not really sure,' Zia replied. 'It might be best if we stay on our guard.' Very casually, she activated her tricorder and scanned G'Tak. He was completely unaware of the scrutiny, as were the guards on either side of him and the pair following behind the group. G'Tak led them away from the leadership building and into a large garden filled with dark-coloured jungle plants. The humidity filled the air as soon as they entered the 'jungle' in the middle of the city and Yeto wiped sweat from his forehead. Lexis shifted, although that might have been from the awkwardness she felt since she didn't know the other three. It was probably from the heat. 'I believe this is an area used specifically by the leadership of this planet,' Spock mused. 'As they are of reptilian descent, the temperature would offer respite for their natural cold-blood.' 'Understandable.' "Spock leader, we talk," G'Tak said into the translator. Spock nodded in agreement, as he was (but would never admit it) burning with curiosity as to why the Urika had contacted them in the first place and what they could possibly want. "Of course. First, I wish to know why you contacted us." G'Tak pressed his ear to the translator, frowning at the words. His tongue darted from his mouth and his eyes narrowed greedily. "You have space ships. We need space ships." "Why?" "Our planet is at war. We need advantage over enemies." Spock immediately dismissed the idea of giving their advanced technology to the Urika. They were a primitive race with a distinctly warlike mindset and space technology would be dangerous in their hands. "I am afraid we cannot do that. If we were, a petition must be sent forth to our leaders, but that is not possible." G'Tak's demeanour changed. He drew himself up to his completely intimidating height and loomed over the Starfleet officers. "We need space ships. We need your space ship." There was a deadly silence as all opponents sized each other up. Spock knew completely that these people would stop at nothing to get what they wanted: space-worthy vessels. His hand made no move towards his phaser, as the guards were watching him closely. I should have brought a security officer, he thought. The silence dragged on as G'Tak gave him time to reconsider. What was there to think about? They could voluntarily give the Urika control of a ship that would destroy them, or possibly traded for control of the Enterprise. "We cannot give you a space ship." "Then do not. We will take it." G'Tak leered unpleasantly and stepped forward, intent to cower the Vulcan. Spock watched the Urika coolly and, without as much as a blink, muttered, "Run." He launched himself at the Urika and tackled it, knocking the surprised leader onto the ground. Then he stood and rushed at the guards, attracting their attention to allow Zia and the others to escape. He heard them run unquestioningly into the thick foliage and were out of sight within moments. The Urika guards easily overpowered him in moments and held his hands behind his back with their massive strength. G'Tak grabbed the front of Spock's shirt in his fist angrily. "We will find your guards. We will trap them with you. We will trade you for space ship." His tongue flicked onto Spock's face, tasting it. "Maybe we eat the red girl." Spock had to put his faith into Zia. If she managed to contact the Enterprise and beam them out of there… well, he'd be grateful. o.O.o "What the hell just happened?" Lexis hissed. She was curled up beneath a dirt-covered log and Yeto was squished in beside her. He didn't look too happy about the arrangement. "They want to swap us for our ship," Zia whispered, scanning the area around them. "We're clear for now, but they'll be looking for us." She grabbed her communicator and set it to the command frequency. "Lieutenant Abbott to Captain Kirk. Captain, can you hear me?" Their only response was static. Lexis clicked her fingers. "That electromagnetic stuff I detected before is interfering with the signal." She grinned. "I'm a genius." "Not really," Yeto snapped. "That means we need to sneak out of the city – which we're smack-bang in the middle of by the way – without being spotted. I think that's nearly impossible." "Impossible for a doctor," Lexis retorted. "Abbott, pass me the communicator. Give me a few minutes and I'll try to boost the signal to get through the interference." Zia did some quick calculations in her head as she handed over the device. "How strong is the field?" "It's minor… around mark-two. Our beaming system should penetrate it." Lexis began to cannibalise her PADD to do what she needed. "Okay." She reluctantly turned to Yeto. "I need you and a phaser with me. The Urika will be looking for us." "That went so sour," Yeto muttered, squeezing out into the open. "I thought we'd get through this unscathed." "Well that's life for you. I never would've imagined that Darta is a planet at war, though." Zia was suddenly glad that she couldn't perspire, as sweat was running down Yeto's face like a fountain and he was constantly licking his lips. "I know. It seemed so peaceful." Understanding dawned on his face. "That's why they brought us in here, so we couldn't see any of the effects of the war." Zia's scanner vibrated and she tapped it quickly, ducking down into the thick bushes. Yeto quickly followed and they huddled together with phasers at the ready. One of the Urika guards wandered into view; his tongue tasted the air for signs of his quarry and his weapon looked fully-loaded and ready to fire. Lexis froze from her fiddling and closed her eyes, shrinking deeper into the shadows of the log. Silence filled the humid air, broken only by the chirping of jungle insects. Then the Urika started to walk away, its footsteps crunching on the undergrowth. Only after its footsteps faded away did Lexis resume working and Zia and Yeto allowed themselves to breathe. "That was too close," Zia murmured. She glanced over at where Lexis was furiously connecting chords and pressing buttons, feeling a sudden rush of admiration for the Takret's mechanical genius. 'Where are you? Are you safe?' Zia started guiltily. She'd completely forgotten to contact Spock. 'We got away. Redcliffe is upgrading my communicator so it can punch through some interference. When that happens we'll contact Kirk and he'll beam us up. I mean, Chekov will beam us up. Or whoever's on duty. Where are you?' 'I have been taken to a cell underneath the city capital building. It smells very unpleasant.' She wrinkled her nose as he transferred the smell through their bond. 'That's nasty. Hang tight, okay? We'll get out of this.' 'Zia… thank you for running when I asked.' 'We trust each other, Spock. I wouldn't have done anything that would endanger our crew, as would you. It doesn't mean I'm not worried sick right now – because I am – but I trust that this will be sorted out.' "Zia, your heartbeat is rising," Yeto hissed. "Stop thinking so hard. Reptilian ears are very perceptive." "My scans indicated that as well. Hold up." 'Lexis is almost done. I'll see you on board.' Her scanner vibrated again and it was the same Urika blundering through the foliage. This time his eyes spotted the group immediately and he raised his weapon at the same time as Zia and Yeto. They all fired in unison and the guard and Yeto both fell back. Zia shot the guard one more time to make sure he was dead before kneeling beside Yeto. His entire shoulder was covered in blood and his skin looked burned away. She fought a gag. "Acid," he said in disgust, biting his lip so hard that he drew blood. "Pass my kit. I've got stuff in there." His face had gone white and his eyes were wide. Zia felt frozen as she stared at his lifeblood pouring from his body. "No need," Lexis said. "I'm finished. This is Lieutenant Redcliffe to the Enterprise. We need immediate extraction. Immediate." She nodded happily and turned to her friends, opening her mouth to declare their victory. Then her eyes widened and she was hit in the stomach by Urika weapons' fire, just before they were surrounded by white light. o.O.o Lexis and Yeto were rushed to the Infirmary with serious burns and blood loss. Zia and Spock rushed after them and stood in the observation room while their friends were tended to, refusing to leave until they were sure everything would be fine. Kirk stood with them for a few minutes, watching McCoy berate Yeto for his carelessness while patching up his shoulder. "So they just wanted our ship?" he asked. "That's right," Zia sighed. "They want the capability for space travel." "They'd destroy themselves," Kirk said viciously. "I can't believe they were going to keep you hostage." "They kept Spock hostage. They couldn't catch the rest of us." "I allowed them to catch me so the Lieutenants' could escape and contact you." Spock's eyes didn't stray from the half-conscious Betazoid. He stepped forward as McCoy finally nodded at Yeto. "You're lucky kid," the doctor said. "The girl got it worse. You'll be in here for two weeks. No arguments." He pulled off his plastic glove and patted his protégée's sweaty hair. "This is the last time I let you go planet side with a redshirt. Come on, let's get you to the recovery ward." Zia, Spock and Kirk exited the observation room and met up with McCoy in the recovery ward. "How is he?" Kirk asked. "He'll be fine. So will the girl. My nurses could stop the blood and enact primary healin' protocol. They'll be out in less than a month. Spock, Abbott, I need you to come for some tests. Jim, you should get outta here. You don't wanna be here when Scotty runs in." "Fair enough." Kirk saluted the doctor – who glared back – and rushed out, intending to get away from Darta as soon as possible. Spock and Zia sat on bio beds and allowed a nurse to run them over with scanners. They were both unhurt, except for a minor scratch on Spock's face, and were allowed to leave the Infirmary with strict orders to rest. "So…" Zia puffed out her cheeks tiredly. "You fancy going to write up the report? Or play chess? Or sleep?" Spock rubbed his face in a very un-Spock-like manner. "I would prefer a warm beverage, then chess then sleep." "Okay. We'll visit Lexis and Yeto tomorrow when they're feeling better." "Indeed. I sincerely wish that they recover within the timeframe Doctor McCoy has set. Now, let us forget the Urika and immerse ourselves in the intellectually challenging game of chess." The two Vulcans wandered down the corridors to Spock's quarters, where they drank N'gaan and played chess for hours before crawling into bed, wrapping their arms around each other and falling asleep. It had been a stressful day and they could write up the report tomorrow. o.O.o Lexis was roused from sleep when someone barrelled into the Infirmary. She blinked blearily and recognised the flaming red of Scotty's hair. He rushed to her bedside and planted his hands on the edge of the bed. "Lassie, are ye okay?" he demanded. His eyes were wide and his face flushed. "I on'y jus' heard." His gaze travelled to the neatly-tied bandages around her middle. "Good god." "I'm fine," she assured him. "It doesn't even hurt." "Firs' time goin' planetside and this happens." He grabbed her hand and she felt incredibly aware of every place his skin made contact. "I'm so sorry. I shouldn't've let ye go. It's dangerous. Ye could've been killed!" "Anyone can be killed planetside," she assured him. "It's fine, I promise. I'm safe, the others are safe, and we're all okay." She stared into her mentor's eyes, using her gaze to hammer home her words. Scotty relaxed at that and absent-mindedly rubbed his thumb over the back of her hand. "How about this: when I get out of here, you, me and Keenser go out for a drink?" "Scotch?" He grinned. "Scotch." He then released her hand and sat at her bedside for the next few hours. They talked about the ship and various points on engineering until one of the nurses came over and said that Lexis needed to rest. When Scotty left, Lexis couldn't help but feel like a part of her had left with him.
Chulu is my OTP. I can't imagine them with anyone but each other. o.O.o Chapter 7 – A New Romance One year, eight months Zia was on the Bridge when it happened. The morning had started out as boring as usual. She had her coffee and wandered to the Bridge with her PADD in hand, studying a report on a nearby system that a fellow science officer wanted to check out. First she had to read over it to see if the request was good and if it was she sent it to Spock, who in turn got Kirk to approve the mission. It was a system that worked and she had no problems with it, even if she was constantly barraged with the strangest of requests, as it freed Spock to do more important things. Everyone else was having a normal morning. Spock was having his physicals in the Infirmary, Kirk was doing paperwork in the Captain's chair, Uhura was updating her language computer to include this new language they'd discovered written inside a cave a few days ago, Sulu was adjusting the Enterprise's course to move around a nasty-looking black hole and Chekov was resting on his console. All in all, a perfectly ordinary morning. Then Sulu and Chekov stood together and moved towards the Captain like they were hunting prey. Kirk looked up in alarm. "Uh… what's going on?" Sulu cleared his throat and every eye turned to him. "Captain, Lieutenant Chekov and I have an announcement." "Oh dear." Kirk paled. "Please tell me you didn't destroy the navigation system." "No." "Did you break something?" "No." "Did you blow something up?" "No." "Did you kill someone?" "No." "Is something wrong?" "No." "Then what's the announcement?" Sulu grabbed Chekov's hand. "We're dating!" Stony silence greeted his declaration and Kirk's face went completely blank for one horrible moment. Unbelievable happiness whirled inside Zia, so much so that she had to quickly block it so she didn't disturb Spock's physicals. Kirk began to laugh. "It's about time! Everyone could see it coming!" He tossed his PADD aside and stood, embracing his pilot and navigator. "I'm so happy for you. Wait." He stepped away and grabbed his PADD. "I need to organise a party straight away! We have to celebrate! Who's good at organising events?" Uhura raised her hand. "I am, Captain." "Then you're in charge of the party." He sat back in his chair and activated the comm. "Attention crew, this is your Captain speaking. I would like to announce that Lieutenants' Sulu and Chekov are officially dating! A party is being thrown for them and I will be posting the time and place on the crew noticeboard as soon as possible. Kirk out." He settled back with a grin. "I hope you weren't planning to keep it on the down-low because now everyone knows!" Chekov muttered something in Russian and Uhura gasped, so Zia reasoned it was quite a creative curse aimed at the Captain. o.O.o "I do not see how the beginning of a relationship constitutes such an extensive celebration," Spock stated as he tied up a tie. "We did not receive such attention." "That's because no one even knew we had a thing. Everyone knew that Hikaru and Pavel are meant for each other and they're absolutely adorable together!" Zia finished buttoning up her plain blue blouse, matched with black dress-pants and sandals, and joined Spock in front of his mirror. "Still, I cannot comprehend the logic behind Jim's decision to host a party." Zia knew Spock was sour at having to actually go to the party rather than man the Bridge. Beta-shift and Delta-shift were in control right now and the Vulcan didn't trust their judgement when it came to actually running the ship. Vulcans had a do-it-yourself mentality. "Oh Spock, take a break from the paperwork for one moment. How long has it been since we got to chill out together? Aside from in the Infirmary, of course." "It has been two months, twelve days, seven hours and forty-six minutes." Spock finished his tie and looked at Zia's reflection. "I understand why you bring my attention to the subject, but I still believe my skills are better for the Bridge rather than a social environment." She shook her head and smiled. Spock would forever be a workaholic, and nothing would change that, but one night away from the job wouldn't hurt him. "Come on grumpy-pants. We have a party to get to, for Hikaru and Pavel. It's celebrating something special for them and, as their friends, we're obligated to give them our support." She saw the look he gave her. "They need our support for the bad times, like how we had our friends when those Vulcan Hunters came into the picture…" He looked away as she said that. The Vulcan Hunters still made him feel ill at ease and he always pushed away the negative feelings they brought out – the Hunters were gone for good so there was no use worrying about them. "We should go," he said calmly. Zia gently kissed his cheek as they left his room to head for one of the Recreation Rooms where the party was being held. The room was lit at a decent level and a table of food rested against one half of the room. Games were set up on the opposite side, like Tri-D chess, old-fashioned card games and Space Station Invaders. The centre was completely bare and devoted to the activity of dancing. It wasn't too crowded inside the Rec Room, Zia noted happily. All of the Alpha-shift was there as well as a few of Sulu and Chekov's other friends. The atmosphere was comfortable, and everyone was smiling and having fun. "Zia! Commander! You made it!" Chekov rushed over and grinned at the two Vulcans, embracing Zia warmly. "We wouldn't miss it for the world." She laughed. "So when are you telling the whole story?" He shrugged. "Zere's not much to tell. Hikaru and I vere partners at ze Academy and ve've been friends for years now. Zen ve started liking each ozer and Hikaru ewentually asked me out." "I offer my congratulations," Spock said stiffly. Chekov smiled, knowing that that was all he'd get from the Vulcan, and ushered them both inside. Kirk and McCoy were drunk already and pranced about the dancefloor strangely. They looked like crazy chickens in Zia's opinion. Uhura and Sulu were hovering around the buffet table to fill their plates and Chekov went to re-join Scotty at a chess table. Many other crewmembers littered the space, but Zia had no interest in joining any of them. Tonight, she was spending time with her boyfriend. They drank N'gaan and played Tri-D chess for hours until Zia finally managed to beat Spock. They went to the centre of the room to dance to several slow songs. Sure, Kirk kept on butting in and trying to dance with Spock, but it was still fun. Spock actually smiled when Uhura made a speech on the adorableness of Sulu and Chekov, an actual smile. "To Pavel and Hikaru!" Uhura shouted, holding up her drink. "To Pavel and Hikaru!" the room chorused, raising their own drinks in a toast. Both men smiled and kissed each other in front of the crowd, earning quite a few approving whistles. This was the twenty-sixth century and homosexuality was perfectly acceptable. Couples around the room started kissing as well and Zia simply stood beside Spock, not wanting to kiss him in such a manner. She had several wicked plans for after the party and she was perfectly capable of waiting. A drunk Kirk and McCoy promptly stumbled on the dancefloor and belted out a song, their voices horribly out of synch. Then the moment of sweet romance was ruined. o.O.o "I don' wanna go…" Kirk moaned. His head lolled, and Zia readjusted her hold. On his other side, Spock typed the code into the Captain's quarters. The door hissed open and they helped the drunk Captain inside. They all but tossed him onto the bed and he promptly began snoring. "Should we tuck him in?" Zia asked. Spock stared at the prone form for a long moment. "No." They left the room, locking the door behind them, and went to Zia's room one corridor away. Her stomach churned in anticipation. It had been way too long. She knew her feelings were being transmitted to Spock, and a quick glance at the growing bulge in his pants showed that he felt the same. When the door to her quarters shut behind her, she pushed Spock against it and mashed their mouths together. Her hands roamed beneath his shirt and he gasped as her teeth tugged at his bottom lip. He grasped her thighs and pulled them around his waist, then carried her across the room and tossed her on the bed. She bounced once, twice, and then he was on her, pressing kisses to any inch of skin he could. She grasped his tie and tugged him up to meet her lips again. Their bodies moulded together, her legs wrapped around his waist, and as clothes were shed their gasps and moans sounded late into the night. o.O.o The next morning Zia exited her room feeling relaxed and refreshed. Spock had returned to his own quarters thirty minutes ago to shower and dress for the day to come and she'd copied his actions. Her hair was still slightly damp from the shower and wound up in a messy bun which kept the collar of her science-blues dry. She passed McCoy exiting that levels Turbolift. He looked worse for wear with messy hair, bags under his eyes and a sour expression on his face. Looked like someone had a hangover… "Morning doctor," she greeted cheerfully. He glared at her. "You're too awake." "Unlike some people, I didn't drink. I have the early shift." "Good for you." He rubbed his face tiredly and moved past her, muttering about people who woke too early. Kirk was on the Bridge when she arrived and was fast asleep in his chair. She sighed and moved to her station, greeting Uhura warmly. "Hey Nyota. How was your night?" "It was fine but I'm feeling it now." "You don't look it. McCoy's in worse shape…" Uhura buried her perfectly composed face in her hands. "I've had my painkillers, but they haven't kicked in yet. I swear I'm going to die." Spock slid into his chair on Zia's other side. "I would advise against interacting with Doctor McCoy. His mood is most foul." "He's hungover," Zia explained. "Most people are, including this lovely lady here and that sack in the Captain's chair." Three pairs of eyes turned to the sleeping Captain and three pairs of eyes sparkled with amusement. "Did either of you see Pavel or Hikaru?" Uhura asked suddenly. "I saw no evidence of either Lieutenant on my walk here," Spock replied. "Me neither." Three pairs of eyes turned to the two Charlie-shift women sitting in the pilot and navigators' seat. Even Uhura, whose mind was clouded, could figure out what their absence meant. The two men were taking advantage of all the hangovers, so they could avoid work for the morning. "Those sly little…"
This chapter is the result of extensive research into the Star Trek fandom and a need for Kirk to be sold on the husband market. I find the whole idea of the husband market absolutely hilarious, especially considering the reverse in history. The Dominion exists but it doesn't come into the show until after Kirk's timeline. I just played with the timeline for a bit of fun and because why not? It's FanFiction. o.O.o Chapter 8 – The Curse of Captain Kirk Part 2 Two years, three months "Spock, what have you found?" "The device appears to emit a low level of Tachyon radiation that is only fatal at a higher level. There is not enough radiation to cause permanent damage. Captain, I would advise beaming a medical officer down in the event the radiation rises." "Fair enough. I'll comm Bones and have him send Yeto down." The Captain typed the Infirmary code into the comm. "Hey Bones, I need Lieutenant Kestrel prepped and ready for transport to a planet side location." "Seriously, Jim? You're making me send my best officer again?" "Spock and Scotty are on a moon examining this machine that's giving off radiation. Equip Yeto with medication to combat Tachyon radiation." "Equip. This ain't a video game ya know." "Got it. Kirk out." Kirk spun dramatically in his chair and rubbed his hands together. "Alright, the mission is officially underway." Two hours ago the Enterprise had dropped out of Warp in a galaxy that they dubbed Gamma Quadrant. The solar system they entered had a single inhabited planet with an atmosphere similar to Earth. Spock's scans of the planet and surrounding moon revealed a device emitting radiation on the moon and he and Scotty had beamed down in spacesuits to examine it. They'd been in the dark side of the moon for the last two hours and had gone undetected by the civilisation on the planet below. Chekov had detected several ships dropping in and out of Warp around the planet. "Maybe zis is a major trade route in zis area of space," the navigator had suggested. His suggestion was so logical that the Vulcans could find no fault. Kirk looked at the monitor that displayed an image of the planet. It looked to be teeming with life and he couldn't help but wonder what was down there. He stood and moved over to the science consoles. "Hey Abbott," he whispered, leaning close to the Vulcan. "Have you seen the pictures of the planet?" "I have." "What do you think?" "I think it would be worth going down and studying. Like Chekov said, this could be a major trading route in this area of space and we could find things we've never seen before." She smiled slightly. "I'd like to go down and take a look, but Spock doesn't like me going planetside without him." "Screw Spock." "Huh?" "Let's go to the planet, you and me. We can take a look at the local culture and take notes! I'm sure Spock would be fine with it if I was with you." "I don't think-" "What do you say? He's off at the moon having fun with Scotty while you're stuck at your console. As a scientist and anthropologist, I'm sure you'd love to study the people." He could see her resolve was faltering. "Kirk… you're an idiot and I hate you." "But?" "But let's go down to the planet. As you're the Captain you have the ability to sanction any mission you wish." Kirk grinned and called across the Bridge, "Sulu! You're Acting Captain until I return. Lieutenant Abbott and I are going on an adventure." "Yes Captain." Sulu catapulted from his seat into the Captain's chair. Kirk and Zia left the Bridge to get changed and head to the beaming pad. The Captain hadn't been this excited in a while. It had been too long since he'd managed to weasel his way down to a planet (because of an incident regarding Wookie-like creatures during their first year) and there was nothing standing between him beaming down to this planet. o.O.o Zia didn't know what urged her to agree to beam down to the planet with Kirk. Spock was currently researching this machine on the planet's moon and she was worried about the radiation, as it could spike at any time and possibly kill him. She just hoped that sending Yeto down was the right course of action. Kirk had changed into an inconspicuous brown jacket, black pants and combat boots. She wore a similar outfit, though hers was much more form-fitting as she'd pulled it from the females' locker room. Both she and Kirk had comm's and phasers hidden on their person and she had her PADD at the ready. "This is nice," Kirk commented, staring at the buildings around them. She couldn't blame Kirk for wanting to get down to the planet. They'd beamed down into the biggest city and it was teeming with alien life – more species in one place than Zia had ever seen before. Most were unfamiliar, though a pair of Klingons walking by put her on edge. The city itself was a metropolis, quite similar to what Earth used to be before Starfleet was founded. The buildings were tall and the streets were dirty, but this was clearly the poorer part of town. It would be much nicer where the wealthy people lived. "Come on, let's take a walk." She was eager to find a marketplace or shops. Kirk stared as a strange creature with tentacles on its face walked past. "Zia, are you seeing this? There are more alien species here than in the entire Federation!" "It's cool isn't it?" Zia raised her PADD and snapped pictures of the aliens moving past. She tucked it under her arm and the pair made their way through the busy street, towards some bigger buildings in the distance. "So what do you think Spock will say when he finds out we're down here?" she asked. "He'll have a fit." Kirk pressed against Zia as they squeezed past a pair of massive reptiles. "Quite squishy here." "Agreed. We should have been beamed closer to the middle of the city." "Why the middle?" "The middle is where all the shops and markets are. Don't you want to take a look at what's for sale? This is uncharted Federation space and they're sure to have all kinds of illegal stuff here." Maybe they'd find technology ahead of their own. "I like the sound of that. So what do you think this planet is called?" "I have no idea." "Fair enough." They were jostled along the street and Zia spotted something that looked like a train. "Hey Kirk, do you think we could hitch a ride on that train?" "As long as they don't ask for tickets." Kirk grabbed her arm and they pushed their way through the crowd to the train. It was less crowded inside and Kirk found a map of the city. Zia took a photo of the unfamiliar words and ran them through her PADD's translation program. She blinked when a match came up. "It's an obscure dialect of Vorta. I should be able to run the words through translation." The program took a moment to go through the whole map and the train started moving. "Okay, it looks like this train is heading straight for the city central." "What's it called?" "Vexra. That sounds quite alien." "It does. Can you find the name of the planet on there?" "In the bottom corner, P4G002. Looks more like a barcode to me." "So the people running this place have lots more trading places like this and P4G002 is just one designation." Zia clicked her fingers. "It makes sense! Maybe the Vorta control this area of space and handle all trading and transactions on all the planets they own. Sounds a lot like the Hutts from Star Wars." "I love Star Wars. It's a classic." Kirk ran his finger up the map. "City central means markets right?" "Yes." Zia was putting the pieces together in her mind. There must be a group that controlled a number of planets in the surrounding solar systems. They used the planets for trade and profit and all ships passing by tended to stop and trade. This was one of many profitable planets they owned. "If that's the case," Kirk murmured, "what's with the radiation on the moon?" "We'll find that out when we return to the Enterprise. It could be for protection or something like that." Something didn't sit right with Zia. She was missing something. "We should try and find archives or something similar." "We'll get off at the city centre and take a look from there." o.O.o They climbed off the train and made their way through the crowded streets. Zia was constantly scanning words they passed to try and find directions to an archive or a library. "Kirk, I found one." She lowered her PADD and pointed to a massive building with stone columns and marble walls. She grabbed his sleeve and they forced their way through the alien species to the archive. There was no one inside and they could breathe easily. Zia made a beeline for the computers and booted one up. "You can use Vorta computers?" "It's a computer. You press the biggest button and it turns on." Kirk pulled up a chair beside her and sat down, his face alight. "This is really exciting. We've found an alien society that evolved completely independent of Starfleet and the Federation! Imagine what could happen if we formed an alliance with them." Zia raised her PADD to the screen of the computer and the words went through the Vorta translations. She was able to read the words in Standard on her screen, while the computers language remained the same. Kirk waited impatiently for two minutes as she found the necessary information. "We called this Gamma Quadrant, right?" she asked. "Yes." "It appears that the Gamma Quadrant is controlled by an interstellar state called the Dominion. It's made up of hundreds of dominated alien races throughout the quadrant. I've got the main six: Jem'Hadar, Vorta, Hunters, Skrreea, Karemma and Dosi. It seems that these six are the founders of the Dominion and control all trade and traffic in their quadrant. The Jem'Hadar are the military power of this area of space. And it looks like Vexra is controlled by the Vorta, which explains why the translation program works. The Vorta language must have been recorded when a member of Starfleet came across their species." "We can't make contact with them yet," Kirk said. "We'd have to map their position in space and return to Starfleet and petition to make them our allies." Zia glanced around furtively and removed the data chip from her PADD and inserted it into the computer. Once the chip had connected to the computer she uploaded all the archived information into her chip. "Now we know what they know." She removed the chip and tucked it into her pocket. "Isn't that information hijacking?" Kirk raised his eyebrow. "Zia, you naughty girl." "We need to get all we can about the Dominion so the Federation can decide if they're worthy allies or not. What if the Dominion has a violent history? Or they're at war with another quadrant of space? We should know this stuff." "I get that." Kirk grinned. "I made the right decision by coming down here. This is why we're embarking on these missions to unexplored space. It only took us two years to come across a civilisation worth becoming our allies." 'Zia, am I to understand that you and Captain Kirk beamed down to the planet without informing me?' "Oh dear… Spock is back from the moon." "What did he find?" 'The good Captain wishes to know what you found.' 'Zia…' 'Look, when we get back we'll tell you all about what we found and you can tell us what you found. Make sure the Enterprise remains undetected. I don't know what will happen if the species that controls this area finds you.' 'I shall beam down and join you.' She rolled her eyes. 'Negative. Kirk and I can handle this on our own. We've found the planet's archive and we're now heading to the markets to see what kind of technology this quadrant uses.' "What's he saying?" "He wants to come down and join us and I'm trying to convince him not to." Kirk tapped his comm and it connected to Spock's frequency. "Spock, this is your Captain speaking. The Lieutenant and I can handle this mission fine on our own. It's not like we'll do something stupid." "Captain, your current course of action is unwise-" "I've got Abbott with me. She'll keep me in line. Just be patient and we'll request beaming soon." He switched off his comm and groaned. "Your boyfriend is such a buzzkill." She smiled. "He's my buzzkill. Come on, let's find a market." o.O.o Zia didn't know how they got in this situation. They were currently inside a sizeable underground cavern where serious black-market trading went down. Zia stood among a massive group of female aliens and stared at the bound figure tied up on the raised platform at one side of the cavern. They'd gone to the markets but couldn't barter, as neither knew the Vorta language or Dominionese, so they'd made do with examining a good amount of objects for sale. Many were completely unfamiliar, but a few familiar items could be found (namely Klingon phasers and computers). Then Kirk disappeared into the crowd. Zia spotted him being dragged away by a pair of burly alien women and followed them to this underground cavern, where she assumed some kind of trading took place. A number of males were chained along one side of the cavern, all of whom looked completely miserable. The cavern stank of their excrement. Zia refused to contact the Enterprise and ask for their help retrieving Kirk from his current position on the raised platform, but she could handle this on her own. However it would have been much better if Uhura or Caitlin was there. Speaking of Caitlin… She whipped out her communicator and typed in Caitlin's frequency. If anyone could keep quiet about the issue, it was the blind woman. "Mmm… what is it?" "Caitlin, I need your help." "Zia? What's the problem?" Caitlin coughed and sniffed on the other end of the line. "Are you familiar with the Vorta language?" "Yes. I was required to study several obscure languages in my final year and that was one of them." "I need you to translate the words that this alien is saying." Zia held out her communicator to the platform, where a hulking female alien stood. The alien moved in front of Kirk and started shouting and gesturing to him. "Oh wow… she's talking about what an interesting specimen he is. Now she's asking who will start the bidding." Several hands went up around the crowd. "Wait, what are they bidding on?" "… Who gets to marry him?" "He's being sold in the husband trade…" "I believe so. My translations might be a bit off but I'm pretty sure that's it." Caitlin coughed again. "I'm sorry, I'm just not feeling my best right now." "Go to the Infirmary. I'll get Kirk out of this and we'll request immediate beaming." "Sure thing. Good luck." Zia terminated the call and put her hand up. Tense seconds passed and another female put her hand up. The alien on the platform was screaming in rapid Vorta while Kirk writhed in his bonds and glared at Zia to get him out of there. She continued the back-and-forth between herself and another alien woman. The other woman must have really wanted Kirk, but she wasn't getting him. Zia was getting her Captain back to the Enterprise safely and she already had a plan. The other female didn't put her hand back up and visibly seethed as the price became too much. Zia had no idea how much it really was but she had to get Kirk out of those bonds. The alien on the platform gestured to Zia, who approached the platform and stood still, as if waiting for her prize to be brought to her. Kirk was untied and thrown towards her. "You better have a plan," he hissed. "They took my communicator." She smirked and tapped her own communicator. "Enterprise, this is Lieutenant Abbott. Request immediate beaming." They blinked and the next moment they were standing on the Transporter Pad inside the ship. "You cut it pretty damn close!" Kirk berated. "That place completely stank and I don't like being manhandled." Zia laughed. "You were being sold in the husband trade. I saved you from being attacked by all those alien women who were calling you exotic." Kirk gaped. "Uh, how do you know this?" "I have my sources." "McFarland." "Yup." "Nailed it." "Ahem." They both turned and saw Scotty standing in the doorway. "Nice to see ye both alive an' well. Spock wants ye both in tha Infirmary." They shrugged and followed Scotty across the ship to the Infirmary. An annoyed McCoy glared at them when they entered. "Jim, you seem to do all the stupidest things a person can possibly do." McCoy grabbed his jacket and hauled him onto a bed. "Hey! Bones, we were doing recon and we happened to find some – OW – some really good information about the planet and – argh, stop that – this entire quadrant of space!" Kirk squirmed as McCoy prodded and poked his exposed skin. Zia sat on the bed beside his and Yeto approached her. "Hey Yeto, will you be examining me?" "Yes," the Betazoid replied. He hovered his hands all the way down her body. "You're fine." "Thanks." "Why can't I get the Betazoid?! Why am I stuck with you?!" Kirk whined as McCoy rammed a hypo into his neck. "Dammit Jim, with all your allergies you could have died down there! You never think these things through!" The Infirmary went quiet as the door hissed open and Spock entered. He looked completely calm but his mental shields were up, warning Zia that his mental state was anything but calm. "I have ordered Lieutenant Sulu to enter into Warp so we may leave Gamma Quadrant. I shall submit my report on the workings of the machine tomorrow." 'Hey Spock.' Zia held out her data chip as his eyes flicked to her. 'This area of space is controlled by the Dominion. This chip has everything you need to know about them. Do you still think the trip to Vexra was wasted?' He looked at her for a long moment. "Lieutenant, I would like a report detailing all the information on that data chip at my station in exactly a weeks' time." That was as close to an 'it's perfectly fine that you went down to the planet without telling me because you actually found some cool stuff' that she would get from him. "The Captain and I will also be filing mission reports detailing our trip to Vexra." She glanced sideways at the red-faced Kirk. "We had quite a few fun adventures." She allowed images from inside the cavern to filter inside Spock's head and his lips twitched upwards. "I would be interested in reading such a report," the Vulcan said smoothly. "I will now return to the Bridge to supervise our next destination." Before leaving, he approached Zia's bed and touched his fingers against hers. 'I miss you,' he whispered into her mind. 'As I miss you.' Spock left and Zia swung her legs expectantly. "So what now?" McCoy finally left Kirk alone and wandered over. "Well you're both fine now but I'd like to keep you in here until tomorrow morning." "Oh, and has an Ensign McFarland come into the Infirmary?" She blinked as McCoy flushed. "Um, did I say something?" Yeto tried and failed to hide a laugh. "She has a cold and the hypo he gave her made her a little delusional. She… ah… she asked to touch his face." Zia spun to stare at the grumpy doctor. "What did you say?" McCoy pretended not to hear her question and retreated to his office to write up the medical reports. The three officers watched him go curiously. Kirk broke the silence. "Bones hasn't had a woman touch his face since he got divorced. I swear he's taken an oath of celibacy or something because he's had a lot of offers. Don't know why…" Zia glanced at Yeto. "Did she touch his face?" Yeto nodded. "They were both very red by the end of it. She's resting in her room." "I'll visit once I get out. Then I've got a lot of data to get through in a week." Zia stretched and laid back on the Infirmary bed. "Might as well get some rest while I can. I can't wait to write the mission report." "Abbott-" "Come on, you were almost sold in the husband trade but I got you out of there without paying anything." Yeto looked between the two of them. "Go on." "Don't you dare."
'But wait,' you say, a little confused, 'wasn't this story discontinued, like, four years ago?' By jove, you'd be right! Has it really been four years? Yes, according to my sundial (it's really inaccurate by the way, I can never tell the time). Lo and behold, the groove has come back! After re-watching Beyond for the fifth time, the inspiration hit and I'M BACK BABY. We pick up where we left off, in the planned Chapter 9. I have edited the chapter plans a bit to include the events in Beyond, and we have plenty of lovin' for the Alpha-shift coming up. A lot of love, a bit of romance, and possibly a wedding! I have recently gone through the receding stories, Starfleet Academy, Vulcan Hunters and Children of Two Worlds, and performed massive structural edits to fill all the plot holes and clean up the writing. I've done the same with the earlier chapters of this, adding a few scenes and polishing the existing ones. Nonetheless, I'm super excited to finally be finishing this story! Please, enjoy! o.O.o Chapter 9 – Late Nights, Pon-Farr and Vulcan Bonding Two years, seven months It was Yeto who first confirmed what was happening to Spock. Over the last week Zia had noticed an increasing agitation in Spock's mind, but he would always deny anything when she brought up the topic. Still, she was concerned. He'd been quiet and withdrawn, more so than usual. His body had become prone to flushes, where it randomly turned green and then he'd run from the room. Sometimes she could swear she sensed embarrassment leaking through his mental shield. After a week of his behaviour she felt she had to say something, so she met up with Yeto in the Mess Hall. "I don't know what it is." Yeto tilted his head thoughtfully as he thought about the symptoms she described. "It sounds to me like Spock is undergoing pon-farr." Zia almost spat out her drink. She swallowed with difficulty and coughed. "Y-you can't be serious!" "I'm perfectly serious. What you're explaining to me sounds like the neurochemical imbalance that Vulcan males experience when undergoing pon-farr." "Huh?" "I studied this at the Academy. The cortical levels rise and fall, and serotonin levels become unbalanced. These levels will rise dangerously, so dangerous that they can stop the heart. Only three things can stop a Vulcan from death: taking a mate, participating in a ritual called kal-if-fee, or intensive meditation." "So, he could die." "Yes. Do you know if this is his first pon-farr or not?" She would admit that she'd given the matter a bit of thought before asking Spock. "He told me he'd never had it before." "He's in his early thirties, so we can attribute that to his half-human side. Zia, as a doctor I'm prescribing a treatment for his condition." "Oh?" "A whole night in bed with you." Her entire face turned green. o.O.o The need. The lust. The desire. His control was slipping. He closed the door to his quarters and locked it, breathing hard. He had to meditate. Meditation was the only thing he could so, as he would not force Zia to become his mate if she didn't wish it. She was so content with the way things were between them and he didn't want to jeopardise that. Spock sat cross-legged on his bed and closed his eyes, preparing to enter a deep meditative state. The doors opened. She entered. Her scent wafted around his sensitised nostrils, almost begging him to take her there. He heard the door close and lock. "I see you have learned the truth." His voice was deeper than usual. He made sure to keep his eyes closed. If he opened them he wouldn't be able to help himself – they were alone, and she was so close… "Why did you try and keep it from me?" "I did not wish to force you to become my mate. I lacked proper control and anything I said could have influenced your decision." "How could I make a decision if you didn't tell me the problem? I can feel it now; your hormones are going crazy." He sniffed deeply. "You have no clue how much restraint I am executing. All I wish is to make you my mate, but I am aware that you are uncomfortable with the Vulcan traditions-" "I want to become your mate." His eyes snapped open, black instead of dark brown. The room was dark, but he could make out her silhouette standing beside the bed. So close… "We will be bonded after this. You will have no more chances to choose another." "I don't want another. I want you. Naked. Now." A haze overcame his mind and he couldn't think. Only feel. His hormones danced their dance of joy as the pon-farr took complete hold. Was he frightened? Only a little bit. Pon-farr was the only time that Vulcans abandoned logic in lieu of pure emotion. Her heartbeat. Her soft skin. Their fingers interlocked. A blur of animalistic need and intense emotion passed between the pair. Zia had never melded before, but her hand pressed against his face, and his against hers. In that moment their minds joined and became one, imprinting on one another. No longer two separate entities, but one. Minds and bodies bonded together in ancient Vulcan tradition and his mind resurfaced. Her body was beneath his, her legs wrapped around his waist, and unbelievable pleasure rolled around his abdomen. He threw his head back and she cried out with each guttural thrust. Her fingernails scraped down his back and his mind fogged, the lust and pleasure battling for dominance between them. Then they were lying together in his tangled sheets. Zia was asleep in his arms, her pretty face peaceful in slumber. He gently stroked her hair as his hormones slowly returned to their normal state since the pon-farr had left him. "Zia… my mate… my t'hy'la…" he repeated the words in his mind until his head fell back, and sleep overcame him. o.O.o Kirk fidgeted with his tie and shifted in his seat for the thousandth time. He glanced at the meal in front of him and the display containing a loading signal. It spun on the centre of the screen, agonisingly slow, and he tapped the arm of his seat. "Come on," he muttered. The screen changed, and green skin and red hair greeted him. "Jim!" Jamie's eyes sparkled, and her smile took his breath away. She wore a loose red dress that was cut away over the shoulders, revealing smooth green skin, and her hair flowed loose and wild. She wore no make-up, which was just how he liked it. "Hey!" He knew he was grinning stupidly, but he didn't care. "It's so good to see you!" "It's been a while." She played with the silver necklace dangling around her neck. "I've never done online dinner before." "Me neither. Here's a first we can share." He took his glass of wine and raised it to the screen. "To my beautiful date." Jamie flushed and took her own glass of wine. "And to mine." They sipped their wine and put the glasses down. "What's on the menu for you?" "Salmon with a side of potato salad." Kirk grabbed the camera and pointed it down to his food. He put it back and watched as Jamie did the same with hers. "Lasagne." Her smiling face entered the screen as she placed the camera back. "You remembered." "So did you." What he wouldn't give to kiss her right now. He cursed his stupidity for not asking her out while he was on Earth. Maybe they would have kissed some more then, or even taken things further, but he'd been too slow and now they were stuck on other ends of the universe. He gently pressed his hand on the screen beneath the camera. "I really miss you." "I miss you too." She touched her screen. "So, tell me, how's life on the frontier?" "It's good! I mean, I'm not allowed planetside without Spock anymore because last time I went without him I ended up in the husband trade." "How did you get out of that one?" "Abbott helped me out of that. She 'bought' me, so on Vorta we could totally be married." Kirk tucked into his food and delighted at Jamie's easy laughter. "If I didn't know how much she loved Spock, I'd be jealous. But I do." "Trust me, you have nothing to be jealous about." He had the absurd urge to cry. He'd never missed someone so much. "I know we've talked about this before, but… is Starfleet still off the cards for you?" "Yes, sweetheart. I know it would be great for us, but… I wouldn't do well in space. Not like you." She took a bite of lasagne and moaned, sending electricity straight into Kirk's crotch. Every time they spoke, it brought into the forefront of his mind just how long it had been since he'd gotten laid. Since before the mission to Nibiru, in fact. A random girl at the bar. After that, he'd been busy chasing John Harrison, then dead, and then he met Jamie. After he met her, all desire for anyone else had been quashed. And he'd been the idiot who was too scared to do anything about it until he was an entire universe away. "Is it good?" "Very. I upgraded my replicator last Wednesday." "Finally. That thing's been bugging you for ages." "I know right? But I finally saved up enough to do it." She put her fork down. "I've got big news." "Yeah?" "I finally applied for University." "That's awesome!" He high-fived himself and Jamie did the same on Earth. "Childcare, right?" "Primary School, actually, but I plan to start in day-cares and work myself up. But it all depends if I get accepted or not." A light flush covered her cheeks and the screen froze for a moment. "I never thought I'd go to University, but I think you're a bad influence on me." "Is that so?" "Well, you're forcing me to go out of my comfort zone and chase my dreams. How dare you get me off my lazy butt and force me to do something with my life." "I didn't force you to do anything. You did this all on your own and I'm so proud of you." "We can't have the youngest Captain ever in the Federation to be dating a waitress, can we?" "Jamie…" He hated when she did that. "You could be a trash collector and that wouldn't stop me. I don't want you doing this for me, but for you." "Why can't I do this for both of us?" "Touché." They fell silent for a long moment as they ate their respective meals before they got cold. Kirk finished first and settled back in his chair with the wine. "What's your ideal future?" he asked. "Well, ideally, it has you in it. You get home from your mission and we would've been together five years, so I think that's long enough to consummate the relationship." He forced his breath to slow. "What about kids?" "I do want them, but I don't want to force it. If it happens, it happens." "So, if I get back alive, I could be a father nine months later." "If you want to." He thought of his father, George Kirk, and how he'd never gotten a chance to be with his boys through their childhood, and he knew that he wanted to be what his own father couldn't. Hopefully, alive. "I would love that. I think you'd make some beautiful kids." "We'd make some beautiful kids, let's be honest." Her lips twisted devilishly, and Kirk moaned and let his head drop back. "Don't do that," he breathed. "You're driving me crazy." "Oh, really?" She stood and carried her device into her bedroom. Kirk's pulse quickened, and he put down his wine and allowed his hands to wander downward. On the screen, Jamie slowly peeled off her dress, and Kirk forgot how to breathe. "You are… the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. And just so you know, my interest for you is not purely physical. You're an amazing person." She turned slowly, and he groaned. "I know. I just enjoy doing this to you. Or can't you handle a little teasing?" she whispered. "God, yes." o.O.o She should have requested the day off. Despite her Vulcan stamina, she was really sore and wanted nothing more than to take some painkillers and go to sleep. Spock didn't share the same sentiments. He left the room early to get breakfast and returned with porridge and hot coffee. The smell was what woke Zia from her deep slumber and she groaned as her aching joints made themselves known. "Good morning t'hy'la." He kissed her forehead and sat beside her on the bed. "T'hy'la, what's that?" she asked, taking the coffee. "It means friend, sister and lover. Someone so precious to you that they are the centre of your entire existence." They both tucked into their food and Spock glanced at her in a very un-Spock-like manner. "Did I… hurt you?" "No. I mean, it didn't hurt but I'm a bit sore." "I apologise. I am unable to restrain myself fully under the influence of pon-farr. It is a most displeasing situation." She touched his arm. "If you think about it, I saved your life." "Meditation was an option." "And why would you do that?" Zia put her coffee down and cupped Spock's face in her hands. "I love you and you love me. We've been together for over five years and pon-farr was bound to happen. I'm honoured that you chose me as your bondmate and you have nothing to regret." A smirk played at the corner of her lips. "I really enjoyed it." The tips of his ears turned green as her thumb stroked along the base of his jawline. Five years and she still managed to elicit this response from him. Zia felt immense satisfaction from that fact – she loved being the one to make him feel that way. 'Our relationship has never been about the physical, Spock,' she murmured. 'It's been about trust, respect and emotions. What happened last night didn't change that. If anything, it brought us closer. There's nothing for you to be ashamed of.' 'Are you being truly honest?' 'You'd know if I was lying.' Spock covered her hands with his own and tilted his face to the side. Zia smiled at the invitation and quickly pressed her lips against his for a slow, sweet kiss. His emotions leaked through their bond and she broke away, gasping at the force of his feelings. "Spock, I…" He pressed a finger to her lips. "Do not speak. Simply feel." And she did. She sat back and closed her eyes as Spock's emotions washed through her. There were definitely upsides to being a Vulcan, she now knew. It allowed for this kind of closeness in a relationship. She could actually feel the love and trust he had for her, and he could feel hers at the same time. Bondmates for the win. o.O.o When Spock and Zia reported to the Bridge, they immediately picked that something was amiss with Kirk. He was sitting in his Captain's chair with a goofy grin on his face and he didn't pay the late Vulcans any attention. "Hey, what's up with Kirk?" Zia asked Uhura. The dark-haired woman frowned. "I've been wondering that, and I have no idea." "Spock," Zia said, but he wasn't beside her anymore. "Spock!" The Vulcan in question had approached Kirk with his hands clasped behind his back. "Captain, may I inquire about why you are so cheerful this morning?" Kirk swivelled to face his First Officer. "Spock, I had a date last night with the most beautiful woman in the whole world." "I was under the impression you had an understanding with a Miss Jamie." "I had a date with Jamie! We did a live video message and had dinner together from opposite sides of the universe." He relaxed into his chair and sighed. "It was awesome. I'll bet what you did last night wasn't as awesome as my online date." Spock opened his mouth once and closed it. Zia smirked as he averted his gaze uncomfortably. "How would you define 'awesome'?" Kirk frowned. "Hang on, Yeto told me you were having some Vulcan issues and that's why you've been really weird this last week…" His mouth widened as he put the pieces together, and he leapt to his feet and pointed between Spock and Zia, a huge grin on his face. "Nice!" By this time everyone on the Bridge was listening into the conversation. Zia changed her smirk to a glare and aimed it at the Captain. "You should get back to work," she said icily. Their private business wasn't meant to be shared with the entire ship. Kirk winked. "Don't worry, I don't expect a mission report. But I would like both of you to report to the Infirmary." Both Zia and Spock would have happily strangled Kirk right then and there.
Chapter 10, in which Alpha-shift play paintball with aliens. Who would've thunk it? o.O.o Chapter 10 – Space Paintball Two years, ten months The Giuriosa were an odd-looking race. They had fish-like faces with big, bulbous eyes, but their bodies were smooth and slippery like seals. Zia could clearly see the class distinctions based on what they wore – royalty wore rich red cloaks and the servants wore black robes. Giurios was a feudal planet, with six different states. Each state was ruled by its own King and Queen, and since the arrival of the visitors from space, all royalty had come to the State of Larnicus to meet with the newcomers. It was the first time they had had visitors from the stars, and everyone wanted to meet them. The crew of the Enterprise had been on Giuriosa for three weeks already. During that time, there had been a banquet every night and endless political meetings and tours. Alpha-shift were the only ones planetside for the negotiations, as Kirk didn't want to confuse the Giuriosa by making them deal with more people. As far as he was concerned, the eight members of Alpha-shift was all they needed. Kirk, Uhura and Spock had met with King Turlua of Larnicus to discuss the history of Giurios, while McCoy had accompanied the Queen to the capital's hospital to assess their medical abilities. Chekov, Sulu and Scotty had followed Prince Wilum through the streets to learn about the people, and Zia was escorted by royal security to the local archives. They stayed in the royal guest suites, which suited them just fine. King Turlua had offered them local clothes, which they politely declined in lieu of professionalism. While Giurios functioned as a feudal society, Zia noted with interest that their sciences were incredibly advanced. They had a firm grasp of medicines, and sickness was unheard of. Their construction methods meant that their buildings lasted for centuries. The only thing she found suspicious was the feudal ruling. It had proven to be an ineffective system of ruling on Earth, as it removed the voice of the people, and how had Giurios managed to overcome that issue? After the banquet that evening, she joined the rest of the crew in Kirk's quarters to discuss the day's proceedings. "They took me to the royal gardens," McCoy said. "I scanned some of the plants they had there, and the biological make-up is remarkable." "Can you take me there tomorrow?" Sulu asked. McCoy nodded. Everyone knew of Sulu's passion for botany. "Chekov, Sulu, anything new?" Kirk asked. "Nozing to report," Chekov said. "Ze people are happy, and zey vork wizout complaint." "What about the negotiations? Have they agreed to our terms?" Zia asked. "They are eager to join the Federation," Spock said. "There's a catch," Kirk added. Spock nodded. "I was about to discuss that. We concluded the terms of membership today, and they declared that they would join if we proved ourselves in a game of 'Jamballa'." "Explain," Scotty said. "From the rules, I guess it's a bit like paintball," Kirk said. "We're in teams of between four and eight people, and we go to a place, and we have to defeat the other team with non-lethal weapons." "There's eight of us, so that's good," Sulu said. Kirk shifted in his seat and glanced at Uhura and Zia. "That's the problem," he said. "Only men can play." "What?" Uhura demanded. "That's so not cool." "I have observed that Giuriosa females rarely indulge in physical pastimes," Spock said. "They are more intellectual, and so physical battles fall to their male counterparts." Scotty looked at his tricorder and chuckled. "Well, laddies and lasses, if ye'd check the time, we're abou' ta have a visitor." On cue, the door opened, and a black-clad servant entered, holding a jar that contained a seaweed-looking plant. The servant presented the jar to Uhura, who took it gracefully, and the servant retreated. "Twenty-two," Kirk noted. "That's one every night." Uhura placed the jar down and shuddered. Zia recalled Uhura's descriptions of the Prince, how he always stared at her and tried to find ways to touch her hand. He'd been enamoured with the dark-skinned beauty since the moment they'd arrived on Giurios, and his attentions bordered on obsessive. "How d'you think he'll take it when we leave?" Sulu snickered. Chekov smacked his hand. "It isn't funny!" he snapped. Uhura and Zia exchanged glances. Twenty-two nights on Giurios. Twenty-two nights of Uhura sharing a bed with Zia, and Spock sleeping on the plush couch. They wouldn't have it any other way. Zia couldn't shake the feeling that Uhura wasn't safe here. o.O.o Scotty tossed and turned in bed, but he couldn't sleep. He never slept well when away from his Lady. He thought about calling Keenser, but the Roylan wasn't good for talking over a communicator. Instead, he called the number of the one person he knew would pick up. "Hello?" "Hey, lassie, good ta hear ye voice." "Scotty!" Lexis' cheerful tone sent warmth through Scotty's body. "You'll be pleased to know that your ship is working just fine. Keenser and I have been tuning the Warp Core, as you requested, and it's humming better than ever." "Tha's always good ta hear. How're ye doin'?" "Oh. I'm fine. Thanks." Scotty had discovered Lexis while she was still in the Academy. A brilliant engineer, like himself, and with a penchant for breaking the rules. She'd become one of his personal assistants, next to Keenser, and the trio together were unstoppable. Of course, working in such close proximity with someone as brilliant and easy-on-the-eyes like Lexis was bound to create feelings. Feelings that Scotty never noticed until she wasn't around. He'd grown used to her presence over the past few years, always by his side or in the next room. Giurios was the longest he'd been away from her in almost three years and it was different than Keenser. He'd never been more anxious. He could chalk it up to worry about his ship and if Lexis and Keenser were treating her okay, but then he would be lying to himself. "How's yer family?" he asked. "Last time I spoke to them, they were okay. Mark has just been accepted at the Police Academy, so that's exciting." She giggled, and Scotty had to readjust his pants. "How's the mission going?" "Well tomorrow we have ta play a game of paintball an' if we win, the Giuriosa join tha Federation." "Paintball?" she giggled again. "Well you'll have to let me know how that goes." "Aye." His voice cracked, and he cleared his throat. "Excuse me, there's jus' some weird food here." "Ew, like what?" They talked for an hour until Lexis had to go on duty. After he hung up, he took a deep breath to quell his racing heart. Once the deal was complete, the Enterprise was scheduled to go to Yorktown, one of the Federation's deep-space outposts. Maybe he could ask her out for a drink. Just her. There was a chance she could be interested in an old engineer like him. o.O.o Zia and Uhura went for a walk in the gardens after breakfast. The two women hadn't slept well the previous night, as Uhura's tossing and turning had kept Zia awake. "You nervous?" Zia asked quietly. They stopped to examine a fluorescent flowering bush. "Not really. I know the Captain will fight as long as he can, and we'll probably be outnumbered, but it's just one planet." "One planet that has amazing medicine that could save lives," Zia pointed out. A shape appeared on the path in front of them and Uhura grabbed Zia's arm reflexively. Prince Wilum approached the pair and held his hands out. "My dear Uhura," he said, his voice a series of rumbles. "How radiant you are, today." "Thank you." She gripped Zia's arm tighter. "I am sure by now that you know my intentions toward you," he continued. "By Giuriosa law, if my team wins today, you are entitled to grant us one wish of our own, and the same is said for if your team wins. My father will join the Federation if you win, but if we win he has agreed that our wish be your hand in marriage to me." "So… if you win, I have to marry you?" "Yes." He ran his hand down her arm and Uhura stiffened. Zia stepped forward, knocking his hand away. "Your terms are reasonable," she said smoothly. "Would you be so kind as to escort us to the battle grounds?" She held her arm out and Uhura quickly took it. "Of course." He pursed his scaled lips as Uhura was no longer free to take his arm and turned and headed from the gardens. Uhura and Zia followed him through the crowded Giurios streets and noticed that most people were heading in the same direction. "Is this a public event?" Zia asked. "Yes. All people wish to witness this." They arrived at what looked to be an old battle arena, with massive walls shaped into an oval and a grass field filled with jumbled rocks. A number of stone stands leant against the walls and they were being filled by curious Giuriosa. The rest of Alpha-shift were also being brought into the field by King Turlua, and they looked relieved as they spotted Uhura and Zia. "If the women would kindly take to the stands," King Turlua said. Uhura and Zia reluctantly moved to the stands and watched as the rest of the Giuriosa team walked onto the field. 'Spock,' Zia said, 'just letting you know that if you guys lose, you're bound by Giuriosa law to give them something they want.' 'I assume they have something planned?' 'Prince Wilum wants Uhura.' She watched Spock turn to Kirk and speak urgently. 'Good luck.' o.O.o "Okay guys, the stakes are even higher now," Kirk said. "If we lose, they get Uhura." "Well that's dumb," McCoy said. "Why do I even have to do this? Dammit man, I'm a doctor, not a soldier." "We all hawe to do our part for ze Federation," Chekov said. They fell silent as King Turlua and Prince Wilum approached them, followed by six burly Giuriosa. They each held a black pipe, with the six burly ones holding two. The Enterprise crew was presented with one each, which they took. "You fire by pressing this button." Turlua showed them a button on one side. "This will fire a round colour, which will hit you. A hit on your chest is instant exit, while hits on all four extremities is also instant exit. Head is also instant exit." "If we just get hit in the arm?" Sulu asked. "No exit. You must be hit on all four to exit. Hit twice on one extremity will not count." "Do we got it?" Kirk glanced around at his crew, who nodded. "Alright, let's do this for the Federation." "Take positions on that side, we take this side. Begin on bell." Turlua led his men to one side, and Kirk took his to the other. They crouched behind one of the stones and put their heads together. "Alright, so we know nothing about their skills and tactics, but they don't know about ours. Spock, who do you think is the biggest threat?" "Prince Wilum is the one who seeks Lieutenant Uhura, and so he has the most to gain and will likely fight the hardest. I recommend removing him first, and then King Turlua, as losing their King is likely to have a negative effect on morale. We can then focus our efforts on the other six." "Good plan. Sulu, you and I will go for Wilum, and then Turlua. Can the rest of you handle the others?" "Da, Keptain." The rest of the crew nodded. "Alright. Let's do this." On cue, the bell blared and the crowd in the stands roared. Kirk hefted his tube and he and Sulu darted for another rock. They peered around the edge and watched for movement on the other side, rewarded with a flash of red. "Push out," Kirk called. "We can't let them pin us down!" His crew rushed forward to other rocks, and there was a cry as Chekov's right arm was splattered with paint. Kirk wrinkled his nose. He could smell it from there. Chekov darted behind a rock and began furiously firing in the direction of whoever had shot him. Kirk returned to searching the field for Wilum. "You got anything?" he asked. "There!" Sulu fired somewhere to the right and Kirk joined him reflexively. There was a howl of disappointment and he spotted Wilum's face covered in yellow goo. The Prince looked at Uhura, seated in the stands, then stomped off. In the corner of his eye, Kirk saw Scotty and McCoy walking off, both with pain splatters on their torsos. Not too great a loss. They still had their best shots in the game. Beside him, Sulu peered around the edge of the rock. "Cover me," he said. Kirk inched to the edge of the rock and began firing wildly, but the paintballs were furiously slow. Sulu commando-rolled between rocks and reached the other side unscathed. He and Kirk saw two Giuriosa walk off the field with chest shots. Kirk's heart pumped, and he saw everything and nothing at the same time. This was what he lived for. This is what it meant to be a Captain. Chekov was taken out, and another Giuriosa. That was half for half. Kirk spotted a red cloak and fired furiously in that direction but missed. Sulu tagged a Giuriosa, and the teams were even. Then Sulu got shot in the face, and it was just Kirk and Spock against the King and his lone lackey. "Spock, I'll get the King. You get that last guy!" "Affirmative." Kirk scanned his surroundings for a flash of red, and saw a paintball heading for his face. He ducked, and it hit the rock behind him. Too close. But it had shown him where the King was, and he focused on that area. There! He shot. He hit. And the King was gone. And then he felt something hit his chest. And he was gone. It was up to Spock. Kirk joined the rest of his crew at the sidelines and watched Spock edge his way around the field. The final Giuriosa wasn't moving but scanned the field frantically for his final opponent. Only to be surprised when he was shot square in the face by a meticulous Spock. Prince Wilum screamed in outrage, but two of his teammates grabbed his arms and held him back. King Turlua approached the Starfleet officers and bowed low. "It is a pleasure to be beaten by such warriors," he said. "We are delighted to join with the Federation and open trade." On the field, Zia had run up to Spock. "So, that was kind of sexy," she said, then caught his lips in a hard kiss. Spock, surprised by the gesture, stepped back, but quickly returned her kiss. Kirk comm'd one of his many Yeomen and requested the relevant files beamed to his location, then slapped a furious McCoy on the back and sat down. The doctor was still wiping paint from his face. o.O.o "Well, that was certainly interestin'," McCoy said. He stared around at his Infirmary and grinned. "But ain't nothin' is better than comin' back home." "I agree." Kirk sat still while McCoy ran a scanner over him. The rest of Alpha-shift filled the Infirmary, currently being taken care of by other medical staff. Kirk didn't fail to notice the way Uhura stared at McCoy's Betazoid protégé when she thought no one was looking. Hm. Interesting. The Infirmary door opened, and Ensign McFarland entered, hands out in front of her. "Captain?" she called. "Here, Ensign," he said. "Is there a problem?" "No problem, we just have a message from Starfleet. They're sending a courier ship to a rendezvous location with us to receive a package. We are then instructed to proceed to the Teenaxi Delegation as a neutral representative of the Fobonane High Council and present the package to them. The full report is in your meeting room." "Thank you, Ensign." He glanced at McCoy and noticed he was determinedly looking at a medical chart. "Hey Bones, are we finished?" "Gimme a sec." As he suspected, McFarland started at McCoy's voice and turned and tried to rush from the Infirmary. She hit the wall and stumbled back, at which McCoy dropped the chart and rushed to her. "Are you okay?" He knelt beside her, grabbed her shoulders and pulled the blushing woman to her feet. "I'm fine, thank you." On the other side of the Infirmary, Zia and Uhura whispered to each other and giggled. "Everyone saw that, didn't they," McFarland whispered. Her milky eyes pierced the wall behind McCoy's head. "No, darlin'. Jus' me." "That's somehow worse." She extracted herself from his grasp and felt her way along the wall. "Hey, why don't I get you a cane or somethin'?" McCoy called. "I don't need a cane," she replied. She found the door and rushed from the Infirmary. McCoy spun and stared at Kirk. "Jim, does she need a cane?" "If the girl wants a cane, give her a cane." Kirk shrugged. "If she doesn't, then no problem. She does her job just fine without it." He ignored Zia and Uhura's furious giggling at the back of the room. Women. After McCoy cleared Kirk, he headed for his quarters for a fresh shirt. He got halfway down the corridor when he heard Uhura's voice. "Captain!" she called. "Yeah?" He stopped and turned. She approached him and fidgeted with the hem of her dress. "I just wanna say… thank you for what you did down there. Thank you for winning." "There was no way we were losing." He shrugged. "You're too valuable to lose to a scaly man-fish. Imagine what your babies would look like." "I'm trying not to." She made a face. "But honestly, you were great out there. Thank you." "No problem." He went to continue down the corridor, but she held up a hand. "And Captain… my name's Nyota." If they weren't in space, Kirk was sure there would have been crickets chirping in the background.
In which I explore the budding feelings that my OC's have for certain characters: Lexis/Scotty, Caitlin/McCoy and Yeto/Uhura. I find it interesting that I created the character of Yeto with no intention to pair him with anyone, but he was unintentionally a good match for Uhura and so yeah, they like each other. Up next, we go into Beyond. o.O.o Chapter 11 – Building Bonds Lexis never wanted to be the person to fall for her boss, but here she was, in her thirties, working aboard a Starship during a five-year-long deep-space mission, madly into the one man she shouldn't be into. From the moment they'd met, she knew there was something about him. His mind was quicker than most, despite being a human, and he was remarkably easy on the eyes. He'd been the first one to see her equations as a strength, rather than a weakness. To see her inventiveness as an asset. They worked together every day, and on their days off they spent most of them together, him, her and Keenser. The little Roylan never said much, but he had an affinity for slapstick humour. It started eighteen months into their five-year mission, when Lexis had been injured planetside. It was the first time he'd ever touched her, and it brought to light an awareness that she hadn't felt since she was a teenager. Before then, Scotty was her boss. They worked together, shared jokes and friendly banter, and she would honestly say that he was her best friend. Then that day happened. After that, whenever he walked into a room she was hyper-aware of what he was doing. What he smelt like. What he said. Every word was imprinted on her mind. Whenever he asked her and Keenser to join him for a drink or dinner, she secretly wished he would ask just her. But he clearly just saw her as a friend and colleague, and why would she risk going out on a limb when it could ruin the best friendship she'd ever had? "Ye alright, lassie?" "Hm?" She looked up as Scotty joined her beside the Warp Core. "Oh, yeah, I'm okay. I video-called my family last night. Mark finally graduated the Police Academy today and he showed me a picture of him in his uniform. Very handsome." She thought of her sister's news and wished she had a bottle of scotch. "Somethin' botherin' ye, I know it. C'mon, tell me." He put his hand on her shoulder and smiled so earnestly that her resolve faltered. "Tina… my sister… she's pregnant." "Oh. I can see why that'd upset ye." As the eldest, Lexis should have been the one to marry first and have children. And yet Tina had overtaken her, with four years of marriage under her belt and now a little one on the way. It was humiliating, plain and simple, to be outshone by her little sister while Lexis pined over someone she would never have. "You'll be alrigh', lass. You'll find someone who'll love ye like ye deserve to be loved." "Knowing my luck, I'll fall for someone who won't want me back." She couldn't look at Scotty. "Then he's a damn fool is wha'." His tone turned vicious. "He'd be a fool not ta see wha' righ' in front a him." Does that make you a fool? "C'mon, why don' we get a drink tonight? Jus' the two o' us." She spent the rest of her shift in a surprisingly good mood, and afterwards she and Scotty walked together to the ship's bar. She found herself fiddling with the hem of her Engineering reds and wishing that she'd stopped by her room to put some make-up on to hide those lines she hated seeing in the mirror. They ordered two scotch on the rocks and took their drinks to a booth by a viewport, sipping them as they stared out at the bending Warp space. "Y'know, ye don' have ta compare yerself ta yer sister all the time. She's no engineer, an' she's no' in Starfleet. You are." "I know I've got the whole 'successful career' thing down-pat. I just…" She sighed. "I always thought I'd have a family before she did." "Bu' ye do." He spread his arms and grinned. "Us." "That's not what I mean." She looked down at her drink. "There's… something about Takret's. Something not a lot of people know." "If ye don' wanna tell me, ye don' have ta." "It's okay. Takret females become barren on their thirty-fifth birthday. It's like our body clock just stops and we can't have kids anymore. Takret's have always married young and had kids young. It's just our way." "An' how old are ye?" "Thirty-four. I turn thirty-five in three months. And people like to be in a relationship for a few years before thinking about children." She bit her lip and took a deep drought of scotch. "I spent so long chasing my dream that I lost my chance for a family." "Wha' abou' takin' ou' yer eggs? I seen it done before with humans." "It doesn't work with us. Trust me, we've tried. Our eggs die the second they're removed from the body." She couldn't help but think that this was probably something she should talk to a doctor about, not her boss. Scotty took a big sip of scotch and plastered on a smile. "I tell ye wha', I happen ta know tha' there's a theatre in Yorktown. Why don' we have a look?" Yorktown was a month away, yet. In that month, all Lexis dreamt about was Scotty, to the point where she wondered if she was obsessed. o.O.o Caitlin had known the ship's CMO through reputation. She'd never met him, probably because everyone complained about his tendency to wield hypos as weapons of war and scream bloody murder if someone bothered him before he'd had his coffee. Then she was sick one day, with an annoying cough and a headache from hell. She called in sick for her shift, then lay in bed for a few hours trying to rest. Then Zia called, asking for a translation. Caitlin was happy to provide it, but it meant someone knew of her sickness and now she was obligated to do something about it rather than feel sorry for herself. So, she tugged on her clothes and felt her way through the halls to the Infirmary. She'd memorised a map of the Enterprise as soon as she'd learnt she was serving on it, and it came in handy because it meant she didn't need to walk around with a cane or PADD. She entered the Infirmary and stood by the door, swaying slightly, until someone approached. "Can I help you?" a nurse said. "I just need some antibiotics." She coughed into the crook of her elbow. "If you'll follow me over here." She heard footsteps but stayed where she was. An angry voice pierced the room. "Nurse Chapel, what d'you think you're doin'?" "Taking care of a patient, doctor?" "Take a look at her eyes, nurse. What do you see?" There was a pause. "Oh." "I'll take over." Heavy footsteps approached, and Caitlin tried to sniff, but her nose was blocked. "I'm gonna take your hand, okay?" The previously angry voice was so gentle now, and it sent waves of warmth into Caitlin's body. She nodded. Then a gentle hand slipped into hers and suddenly she was fifteen again, back when her first and only boyfriend was sweet to her. Before he became a jerk. "Thank you, doctor." She followed the hand, fighting the urge to trace her hands over the smooth, yet calloused skin. "Have you ever worked on a farm?" "Yeah, actually. My aunt owned a dairy farm in Georgia." It was then that she realised that this must be the infamous Doctor McCoy that all the Ensigns were so scared of. "Ensign McFarland, yeah?" "That's correct." She hit the edge of a bed and pulled herself onto it. Then the hand was gone and for a moment she reached out her own, seeking its warmth. "Doctor McCoy. What can I do for you?" "I just have a bit of a cold. Headache, blocked nose, cough, the usual." "I have just the thin'." McCoy's footsteps faded, then returned. "I'm gonna put a hypo to your neck, okay?" "Okay." She felt a tiny prick on her neck and winced. Then gasped as McCoy pressed a finger against the spot. "That okay?" "It's fine." She swallowed. "I'd like to keep you here for the next ten minutes until it's effective, then I'll check up on you." "Okay." The finger withdrew, and she ran her hands along the bed, searching for the pillow, then laid down and closed her eyes. The medicine seemed to work very quickly. It unblocked her nose and her head and throat felt a lot better. Everything felt a lot better. It was almost like she was floating… "Ensign McFarland?" McCoy's voice. And his smell. She inhaled deeply. He smelt like… a warm fire on a cold night. A bit of sweat, a bit of man-musk, a bit of bourbon. She licked her lips and tried to envision his face. Would it match his gruff voice? Would it match the purely manly smell? "Ensign McFarland?" She slowly sat up, planting her hands on the blankets, and McCoy's hands came to her arms to help her. She lifted her hands to his forearms and giggled. "These are nice," she said. "I bet your face is nice too." "Uh…" She didn't notice the sudden silence around them. "Can I touch it? I wanna see what you look like." "Uh… sure?" She traced her hands up his arms, vaguely noting his strangled gasp as her fingertips fluttered up his neck. Thick stubble on his chin. Clean-shaven. He'd be able to grow a good proper beard if he wanted. "Come on, nothing to see here," said an unfamiliar voice. There was a flurry of footsteps as, she guessed, everyone was shuffled from the room. McCoy's body seemed to relax after that, and he leant into her touch. She traced up his jawline, envisioning the strong, square jaw, then pressed her fingers over his ears. Perfectly-proportioned. She slid her hands to the back of his head and ran her fingers through his short hair. Somehow, she knew it was dark hair. Then she was on the forehead. Smooth. A little damp with sweat. His forehead was lined, probably from a lifetime of surprise or disbelief. His eyebrows were bushy, matching the texture of his head hair, and she fluttered her fingertips over his closed eyes. How she wanted to know what colour they were. He had a good, strong nose, high cheekbones, and then she got to his lips. He moaned throatily as her fingertips brushed along the smooth skin. He licked his lips while her fingers were still there, his tongue accidentally tracing the tips. Her body throbbed. She'd touched many people's faces in her life, and none had made her react quite like this. "Darlin'," he hissed. She felt his hands cover her own and pull them away from his face. "You need to stop. You're not thinkin' straight." As she pulled her hands away, it was like a fog lifted from her mind. She felt her face flush and quickly pushed past him and barrelled in the direction where she thought the door was. She hit the wall, rebounded, and then felt McCoy's hands on her waist. She nearly passed out then and there. "This way, darlin'," he whispered, guiding her gently to the door. She pulled away from him, into the corridor, and traced the path back to her room. Once inside, she fumbled for her bed, lay there, and moaned. 'Darlin'' haunted her dreams for months after, and each time it happened she woke with a cry, unbelievable pleasure coursing through her. She couldn't bring herself to go to the Infirmary again, and she knew what had happened had travelled around the entire ship. She couldn't help but feel mortified at what she'd done and chalked it down to the antibiotics. Still… she wouldn't deny that she thought of the Georgian doctor often, and whenever she caught a whiff of his scent, she instinctively inhaled. She never told anyone about it. Not Zia. Not Uhura. And especially not McCoy. It was something she kept to herself and intended to keep to herself forever. He'd probably forgotten all about it already. o.O.o Yeto remembered the first time he'd seen Lieutenant Nyota Uhura. He'd been summoned by McCoy to discuss Zia's health issues and Uhura was there too. It was a moment he'd never be able to forget. She looked tired, with heavy bags under her eyes, but determination lined her face anyway. She was like a walking flame, her emotions almost dripping from her. He could see it. She felt everything. She couldn't keep secrets. If she loved someone, it was passionately. Fervently. He'd seen the way she used to look at Commander Spock, back before the five-year mission began. As the mission progressed, those looks lessened, and eventually stopped completely. That gave him some kind of twisted pleasure, and he was always sure to keep himself neutral around her. He'd done her physical, once. "Good morning, Lieutenant Uhura." He glanced at his PADD, carefully calming himself. She stood in front of him, her hair tied in a high ponytail, and he resisted the urge to run his fingers through the silky locks. "Hi there." She smiled. "Doctor Kestrel, right?" "Correct. If you don't mind, I will begin by touching you to see if there is anything we need to worry about. Do you have any issue with that?" "No. Go ahead." She sat on the edge of the bed and Yeto pressed his fingertips to her temple and closed his eyes, allowing the emotion to wash through him. Hidden pain. Locked away. Heartbreak. Rejection. I need everyone to continue performing admirably. Spock's voice. Yeto pulled away and stumbled back from the force of the emotion filling him. "Are you okay?" Uhura asked, stepping forward. He took a shaky breath and composed himself. "I apologise," he said. "I went to a place I should not. I don't think it wise for me to attempt it again." "Looks like it's the old-fashioned way." She faked a smile. Yeto could sense the fear beneath the surface. Fear that he'd seen the real her. He ran her through the necessary exercises and did a brief mental health check. She was in top condition and he informed her so. "You're free to go." "Thanks." She left the Infirmary and Yeto sat at the closest desk and banged his head against it. His one chance to make an impression on her and he'd gone and blown it. He wasn't in a better mood when he went to the Mess after his shift. He grabbed a tray of curry and sat down to eat, not paying any attention to anything around him. Two mouthfuls in, someone took the seat across from him. His spoon froze mid-air when he saw that it was Uhura. "Uh, hi," he said. "Hey." He could feel the anxiety vibrating off her. "I, uh, I just wanted to ask… that place you went… what was it?" He flushed. "Again, I'm sorry. I can usually tune out emotions, but yours were incredibly strong and made it difficult to focus." "What did you feel?" "Heartbreak." He looked at his food. "Rejection. I need everyone to continue performing admirably." She was silent for a long moment. "I felt your feelings for him. I know they aren't my business, and I'm sorry." "It's okay." "It's not." "No, it really is." She smiled sadly. "It's nice that someone knows exactly how I felt." He decided to take a stab in the dark. To tell her of something he'd only ever shared with two people. "I was engaged, once. Before I came to Starfleet." "What happened?" Her expression cleared, and she rested her chin on her hands. Warmth bloomed in Yeto's chest. "She died. An accident. Seven years ago, now. Her name was Jaya and she'd been the light of my life for about a decade. When I got the news I'd been accepted into Starfleet, she was so happy." He sighed. "I deferred for a year, after she died, and I became a bit of an alcoholic." "How bad?" "Really bad. But I beat it. I beat the pain, stopped drinking, and I made friends and talked to them." He smiled. "I know it's not easy for you, having it shoved in your face every day." "It's not shoved, really. They're very careful about it. I just… wish I had someone like that." He held out his hand, hoping against hope she'd warmed up enough. "Here. I can show you." She hesitated but took the hand. It was as if a barrier broke between them, and she gasped as she felt the force of his love for Jaya. Memories flashed through her mind of a Betazoid girl, laughing and singing, but the strangest of all was the sheer happiness. It was infectious, and Yeto opened his eyes and saw her smiling with tears in her eyes. Then she let go of his hand and wiped the tears away. "That was beautiful," she said. She stared at him then, almost curiously, and Yeto realised his curry was cold. The next day when he went to the Mess after his shift, she was there, and he gathered the courage to join her. They were joined by Chekov, Sulu and Scotty every night, but for a blissful ten minutes it was just the two of them. During those ten minutes, they checked to make sure the other was okay, and Yeto came to rely on those meetings to maintain emotional stability – being a Betazoid on a ship full of emotional people was incredibly taxing. He was sure McCoy noticed something, but the forever-grumpy doctor said nothing about it. The more time he spent with Uhura, the more time he felt the hole in his chest repairing itself. The hole that Jaya had left soon became a pinprick, and as more time passed, the words 'Nyota Uhura' etched themselves onto the newly-repaired surface. He did nothing about it, of course. She was the kind of woman who relished in making the first move, and he was content to wait.
I'm going to assume that everyone who reads this has watched Beyond. If not, spoilers ahead. I've skipped over a few plot points that happen in the movie because everyone knows what happened and we don't need a rehash of the events of the movie. There won't be much Jaylah in this, but trust me, I have plans for her. o.O.o Chapter 12 – Beyond Part 1 "Captain's Log, Stardate 2263.2. Today is our nine-hundred and sixty-sixth day in deep space, a little under three years into our five-year mission. More time we spend out here, the harder it is to tell where one day ends and next one begins. It can be a challenge to feel grounded when even gravity is artificial. But we do what we can to make it feel like home. "The crew as always continues to act admirably despite the rigours of our extended stay here in outer space and the personal sacrifices they have made. We continue to search for new life forms in order to establish firm diplomatic ties. Our extended time in uncharted territories has stretched the ship's mechanical capabilities, but fortunately, our engineering department, led by Mister Scott, is more than up to the job. The ship aside, prolonged cohabitation has definitely had effects on our interpersonal dynamics. Some experiences are for the better, and some for the worse. "As for me, things have started to feel… a little episodic. The further we go, the more I find myself wondering what it is we're trying to accomplish. If the universe is truly endless, then are we not striving for something forever out of reach. The Enterprise is scheduled for a reprovisioning stop at Yorktown, the Federation's newest and most advanced starbase. Perhaps a break from routine will offer up some respite from the mysteries of the unknown." o.O.o "Wow, zat iz impressive," Chekov said. "Aye, she's a beauty, isn't she?" Scotty agreed. "What a goddamn monstrosity!" McCoy cried. "Couldn't we jus' rent some space on a planet?" "Showing geographical favouritism among the inductive Federation worlds could cause diplomatic tensions," Spock said. "It doesn't look that tense. Looks like a damn snowball in space, jus' waitin' to break!" "That's the spirit, Bones," Jim sighed. "Chekov, take her in." "Da, Keptain." Yorktown indeed looked like a snowball in space – a giant globe big enough to house a billion people. They received docking instructions, and Chekov and Sulu worked together to guide the ship through the space tunnel and into the docking bay. Once docked, Kirk turned to Scotty. "Scotty, I want you and Bones in charge of resupply. Take whoever you need, but get it done." "Aye, Cap'n." "That's jus' typical," Bones grumbled. He followed the Scotsman from the Bridge, both men taking out communicators to contact necessary staff. Sulu turned to Chekov and held out his hand. "Shall we?" he asked. Chekov flushed and took the offered hand. "Alvays, 'Karu." They stood and Chekov waved to Kirk. "Bye, Keptain. Ve vill see you soon." Then they too exited the Bridge, followed by the rest of staff. Kirk stood and stretched. He had to meet with Commodore Paris, the commanding officer of the starbase, to discuss reprovisioning. And his request for transfer. He loved captaining the ship, he really did. But whenever he thought of Jamie, his heart broke a little bit. He couldn't help but think of what could happen if he took a permanent position here, at Yorktown, where she could come and live and they could be together. He envisioned it now: her working at one of the local schools, him coming home to her smiling face, and possibly a few little ones running around. Starfleet would approve of his choice of replacement, that's for sure. Spock wouldn't fail to let him down, and he would almost certainly pick Zia as his First Officer. The pair of them could be trusted to run the ship effectively. He exhaled and left the Bridge. First, he had to get approval from Starfleet. o.O.o Zia and Spock walked with Uhura and Caitlin through the bustling streets of Yorktown. It was so open and inviting and Zia could almost swear she felt a breeze caressing her face. "I forgot what real life felt like," Caitlin said. "It feels good." "I don't know about you, but I wanna get some real food," Uhura said. She patted Caitlin's hand, which was wrapped around her arm, and smiled. "Yes, please." Caitlin turned her head in Zia and Spock's direction. "Would you like to join us?" "Commander Spock? Lieutenant Abbott?" They foursome stopped as two elderly Vulcans approached them. Uhura whispered in Caitlin's ear and the two walked off. Zia and Spock straightened and turned to the Vulcans. "Yes?" Spock asked. That was when they were informed that Admiral Spock had died. Spock stiffened at the news, but politely thanked them, and Zia then led him to a quiet corner of the street. They sat on a bench and she gently rubbed her fingers over his in ozh'esta. That seemed to relax him. "Do you remember the last time we visited New Vulcan?" she murmured. "There was that huge fancy gathering, and Admiral Spock was very kind to us. He was instrumental in rebuilding Vulcan." "He was." Spock's emotions churned within him and Zia wished she could make them stop, but nothing she could do would change his hurt. A thought flitted through his mind, half-formed, and she jerked her hand away. "What do you mean?" she demanded. The rage that rose within her was so sudden that she saw red. "Go back to Vulcan? Leave the Enterprise? Our lives are here." "You have not lived among Vulcans," Spock said. "You do not understand. A Vulcan's duty is to his people." "Aren't I your people?" Her hands shook. "Jim, Leonard, Yeto, we're your people." "My duty is to my fellow Vulcans." He was so freakishly calm that Zia wanted to slap him. "You are also a Vulcan, and if you cannot understand that, perhaps our bonding was a mistake." She didn't stay to hear anymore. She stood and rushed back to the Enterprise, leaving Spock sitting there, back rigid and jaw flexing. He realised his mistake caused by his fluctuating – and frustratingly illogical – emotions and tried to reach out to her, but her mental shields were up. Zia reached the Enterprise and spotted Scotty and McCoy in the open cargo bay, surrounded by a dozen crewmembers, all organising resupply shipments. Yeto was among them, and she rushed up to him. "Zia, are you okay?" He reached out and clasped his hands over her shoulders. "I just-I-" There seemed no possible way to put what she was feeling into words. McCoy approached them, PADD in hand. "What's the problem, darlin'?" he asked. She bit her lip and they glanced around at the dozen crewmembers watching the exchange with interest. "C'mon, let's get you to the Infirmary." She followed McCoy from the cargo bay and Yeto turned to the nosy crewmembers. "Get back to work," he snarled. They quickly returned to their work, and Scotty turned to one of his assistant's. "I hope the lass is okay," he said. Lexis nodded and glanced at the retreating figures. "Me too." McCoy led Zia to the Infirmary and sat her on one of the beds. The distraught Vulcan gripped his hand tightly, refusing to let go when he tried to pull away. So, he sat next to her and patted her hand awkwardly. "You doin' okay?" Obviously not. Threads of emotion worked their way through their joined hand and McCoy winced at the pain. "Spock, he…" Tears welled in her eyes and she wiped them away with the back of her hand. "Spock? That bastard." Her pain was so sharp that he couldn't help but wonder what Spock had said or done to cause such misery. "I mean, is there no way to talk to him?" "He's made up his mind. I just… don't want to feel anymore." She tightened her grip on his hand. "Could you… put me to sleep?" Emotional pain wasn't a legitimate medical cause to be knocked unconscious. If that was the case, McCoy would've been unconscious for the entirety of his time at the Academy. Still, he hated seeing a friend in pain. "Jus' this once." He tugged at her grip and she released his hand. He crossed the Infirmary, grabbed the appropriate hypo and gently injected it into her neck. "You'll stop feelin' for a while." "Th… thank you." Her eyes drooped, and he helped her recline onto the bed. Then she was asleep, and her face finally relaxed. She looked so young when she slept. McCoy tossed the empty hypo across the room and grabbed another one containing the Andorian shingles, preparing to go give that bastard Vulcan a piece of his mind, when Kirk's voice sounded over his communicator. "Bones, we've got a mission. I need you to prep the Infirmary and make sure all your staff are accounted for." McCoy reluctantly put the hypo down and grabbed his communicator. "Yeah, Jim, I got it." He then pressed the recall button for all medical staff, strapped Zia onto the bed in preparation for take-off, then waited. o.O.o "Attention, the crew of the Enterprise. Our mission is straightforward: rescue a crew stranded on a planet in an uncharted space. Our trajectory will take us through an unstable nebula, which will disable all communications with the Starfleet. We will be on our own, but the Enterprise has something no other ship in the fleet has. You. We've come to understand that there is no such thing as unknown, only the temporarily hidden. Kirk out." The Enterprise wound her way through an asteroid field and towards a single planet. Chekov examined his scanners. "Readings indicate ze cloud's density is diminishing, sir," he said. That didn't seem right. "Approaching Altamid," Spock said. "Class-M planet. Vast subterranean elements with limited to no life-forms on the surface." Chekov looked over at the Vulcan and noted that the seat beside him was empty. He tapped Sulu's hand. "'Karu, hawe you seen Zia?" Sulu spun to look. "I haven't, I-" He broke off as Chekov's display began beeping. "Proximity alert, sir!" Chekov said, his voice teetering on alarm. "Zere iz an unknown ship heading straight for us!" Kirk peered in the viewport and watched the shimmering gargantuan shape traveling through space towards them. "Lieutenant Uhura, hail them," he ordered. "Yes, sir." There was a long moment as she worked her controls. "No response, but I'm picking up some kind of signal." She trailed off. "They're jamming us!" "Magnify, Mister Sulu." Kirk leant forward in his seat and Chekov ignored the fear curdling in his stomach. Then Kirk turned towards the intruder on the Bridge, the alien girl whose crew they were meant to be rescuing. "What's this?" She didn't respond, and he spun back around. "Shields up! Red alert!" The alarms blared, and the Enterprise went to war. They fired phasers and torpedoes, but they had little effect. The ship was an exploratory vessel and simply wasn't equipped for battle. They tried to run, but those ships – those damn ships – cut off the Warp nacelles. "Security, engage all emergency procedures," Kirk yelled into the comm, "and all personnel report to emergency stations." And so, evacuations began. o.O.o McCoy hadn't expected this when he woke up that morning. He hadn't expected to be attacked by a massive swarm of alien ships. He hadn't expected to end up on one of the alien spacecrafts with Spock of all people. He hadn't expected to accidentally catch one of the crew's escape pods on their way down to the planet. He certainly hadn't expected to crash land on a rocky riverbed. He clambered from the smoking wreck and landed in a creek. Wonderful. Wet boots. "I can't believe it," he muttered. He spotted the escape pod a few metres away and waded through the water. Someone was inside, and they were alive. They pounded on the door of the escape pod, but it wouldn't open. McCoy yanked on the emergency release, but nothing happened. He pulled himself on top of the escape pod and spotted Yeto inside. The Betazoid hammered against the glass, eyes wide with fear, but he calmed when he spotted McCoy. "Doctor," he called, his voice distorted through the glass. There was a groan, and he looked back at the ship and saw Spock climbing out of the wreck, a piece of shrapnel embedded in his side. "God, Spock!" He turned back to the escape pod. "Is there a med kit inside?" he yelled. Yeto wriggled around and fumbled with some equipment, then pulled a kit free and held it in front of his face. "Good. Spock, I need your help," he called. "Doctor Kestrel is stuck in here with a med kit, but the emergency release won't work." "I would advise you… ngh… force the door open." Spock collapsed against the side of the wreck and panted. McCoy cast his gaze around and spotted a long piece of broken metal. He waded across the stream, grabbed it, and jammed it between the door and the escape pod. He pushed down on it like a crowbar, and the door creaked and groaned. Then popped open. Yeto burst from the pod, gasping for breath, and landed face-first in the water. He reeled back, spluttering, and McCoy grabbed the med kit and rushed over to Spock. "Sit down over here." He helped Spock get comfortable against the edge of the ship. "Easy, easy. Now just, uh, try to relax, you're gonna be okay." "The forced optimism in your voice suggests that you are trying to enlist a sense of calm in order to-" Spock said through gritted teeth. "Cut the horseshit," McCoy snapped. He pulled painkillers from the med kit and injected them, and Spock immediately began to breathe easier. "Doctor, I fail to see how excrement of any kind is relevant to our current situation." Yeto approached them. "How can I help?" he asked. "Go through the supplies in your pod and see if there's anythin' we can use," McCoy said. Yeto nodded and rushed back over to the pod, and Spock tried to stand and follow him. McCoy held him down. "What the hell are you doing?" "We must keep moving, doctor," Spock said. "Spock, this thing penetrated your iliac region." "Time is a critical factor." "That's exactly what I'm tryin' to tell you! Look, if I can't take this out, you're gonna die. If I take it out and can't stop the bleedin', you're gonna die." He examined the edges of the wound. The metal was serrated, and an inch to the left of anything critical. With any luck, there would be no metal scraps left inside the wound once he pulled it out. "I see no appeal in either option." "Believe it or not, neither can I. So, if I remember correctly, the, uh, Vulcans have their hearts where humans have livers." "That is correct, doctor." McCoy snorted. "That explains a thing or two. You know, you're lucky. An inch to the left and you'd be dead already." He dug through the med kit for the filler solution. "I just don't get it, Spock. Just what'd they attack us for? I mean, they do all this, and for what? For some doodad those tiny critters didn't want?" "It's unwise to trivialize someone that one simply does not understand, doctor. We can simply assume that it is more important than a 'doodad'." "I think you just managed to insult me twice, Spock." He pulled out the filler solution and positioned himself over the wound. "Okay, alright, Spock I just got one question. What's your favourite colour?" Spock frowned. "I fail to see the relevance-" McCoy pulled the metal free and sprayed the filler into the wound and Spock roared with the pain. McCoy felt savage amusement at the Vulcan's pain, given what he'd had to deal with that morning. His heart almost stopped. Zia. Oh, crap. Spock's head fell back against the wreck with a heavy thud. Yeto splashed through the water towards them, carrying a full survival kit and a sparking phaser. "They say it hurts less when it's a surprise," McCoy said. He put his tools into the kit and clipped it shut. "To use a language in which you are familiar," Spock grated, "I can confirm your theory to be horseshit." "I have a survival outfit that works, but the phaser is shot." Yeto held out the objects. "I don't have the skill to get it up and running again. Commander Spock?" "I…" Spock trailed off and grunted. He likely wouldn't be in any condition to repair anything. McCoy gestured to the navy-blue bundle in Yeto's hand. "You put it on," he said. "Hurry up about it." Yeto tore off his blueshirt and tugged on the survival outfit without question, then tucked the phaser into its holster. He then propped one of Spock's arms under his shoulder and McCoy took the other one. "He's got a ways to go before he's okay," Yeto said. "We should find some cover," McCoy said. "Let's go." The pair helped the limp Vulcan along the riverbed, where they plunged into a winding maze of canyons. o.O.o Lexis activated her pod's emergency release and the lid popped off, allowing her to crawl free and onto the gravel. She winced as her hands and knees scraped along the stony ground and stood and brushed her knees, glancing around. Her surroundings reminded her of Canada, her home. There was that same chill in the air and the trees looked remarkably similar to those in the Canadian wilderness. "Scotty!" she called. They'd fled the Enterprise together, him moments behind her, and he should have crashed nearby. She heard a rumble somewhere to her left and rushed towards the sound. "Scotty!" "Lassie!" She spotted two hands clinging desperately to a nearby cliff face and raced over to them. Scotty grunted with the exertion of holding himself up and she gripped his wrists and heaved with all her might. He pushed with his feet and together they managed to pull him up over the edge and to safety. Scotty collapsed beside her and they lay there, panting. "Wha' on earth was tha' all abou'?" Scotty muttered. "I though' it was jus' a plain old rescue mission." "I guess we weren't told the entire truth." She turned her head to look at him and saw just how close their faces were. Too close. "Do you have a communicator?" "No, I didn' think ta get one." Scotty sat up, face flushed, and cleared his throat. "We should, uh, find one." "Right." He stood and held out his hand, which Lexis took. He pulled her to her feet and in all honesty, she wanted nothing more than to kiss him right then. But why risk ruining a perfectly good friendship? Instead, she pulled her hand free and started down the path to her escape pod. Scotty followed, cursing his cowardice. He'd known many women in his life, but none had made his heart race and turned him into a wreck of nerves quite like Lexis Redcliffe. o.O.o "What's going on?" Caitlin whispered. Uhura gripped her friend's hand tight and stared around their prison. "We've been captured by the crazy guy who attacked us, Krall. He took our escape pods from mid-air and brought us here." "Where's here?" "His base on the planet." "Oh." Caitlin gripped her hand tighter. On her other side, Sulu cast a worried glance at Uhura. "D'you think Pasha's okay?" he whispered. "Yes," Uhura said resolutely. "I know he's working with the Captain and the others to get us out of here. We just need to do whatever we can to help him find us." "Like a distress signal?" Caitlin asked. Uhura tilted her head and smiled. "Yeah, like a distress signal." o.O.o Zia woke suddenly, brought to consciousness by overwhelming pain and flashing lights. The Infirmary was torn to pieces around her, its ceiling shredded and walls buckling. The emergency lights flashed weakly, and sparks flew from the wrecked machinery around her. Aside from the occasional flash of red light, it was dark. Not so dark that she couldn't see the lifeless bodies of two blue-clad nurses, blood trickling from various wounds over their bodies. One had her head crushed in by a chunk of broken ceiling. The pain made itself known again and Zia glanced down. She was strapped to an Infirmary bed, both arms and legs, and ugly bruises lined both arms. The skin was swollen. The bones were broken. She whimpered, then screamed.
A bit of Scotty loving because he deserves some, all the effort Simon Pegg put into the screenplay and whatnot. o.O.o Chapter 13 – Beyond Part 2 "McCoy to Enterprise, come in. McCoy to Enterprise. Useless." He glanced behind him, where Yeto supported a weak Spock. The Vulcan pushed aside the Betazoid and tried to stand on his own. "Commander," Yeto said, holding his hands out. "Take it easy, Spock," McCoy snapped. "That was only a temporary fix back there." "I understand, doctor." Spock grunted and limped on. Yeto followed him, poised to catch him at any moment. The part of McCoy that cared about Zia felt satisfaction at Spock's displeasure. The part of McCoy that cared about Zia also felt guilt at not knowing what had happened to her. He stopped mid-step as they spotted a hole within the canyons in front of them. He wished Spock was in a condition to fix the phaser, but that didn't seem to be anytime soon. "Fascinating," Spock muttered behind him. "Ominous, dark, dangerous," McCoy said. Spock pushed past him and headed towards the hole. "We go in anyway." He and Yeto followed the Vulcan inside and they stared around the structure. It reminded McCoy of beeswax, with yellow walls and strange symbols emblazoned throughout. "Looks like an ancient temple or something," Yeto said. He pulled a tricorder from his suit pocket and began scanning the yellowed walls. "Intriguing," Spock said. "Those symbols appear to be the same as those depicted on the artefact taken in the attack." "D'you think it came from here?" McCoy asked. "It would seem so." Spock then grunted and collapsed on the ground. "Spock!" McCoy knelt beside him and pressed his head to the Vulcan's stomach region. His heart still beat strong. McCoy grabbed a hypo of morphine from the med kit and injected it into the Vulcan. "Yeto, gimme a hand." Together, they pulled Spock to the wall and leant him against the gentle curve. Yeto pressed a gentle finger to Spock's temple. "He's okay," he said. "Just unconscious. He will wake soon." He looked at the gaps between the walls. "It's getting dark. I'll go by the door and keep watch for a while." "Alright." As Yeto turned to go, McCoy grabbed his arm. "Thank you for… for everythin'." Yeto smiled. "No problem, doctor." He then left and got himself comfortable outside. McCoy meant what he'd said. The Betazoid never said much, but his constant quiet presence was all he needed. Yeto was a comforting soul and having him around put the doctor at ease. Not that he would admit it. He turned his attention back to Spock and held his hand over the Vulcan's mouth. He felt no breath. "Spock. Spock, wake up, dammit." He pressed his hands to the sides of Spock's face and shook it lightly. Spock's eyes snapped open and he stared at the doctor in alarm. "I am entirely conscious, doctor," he said, pushing the hands away. "I am simply contemplating the nature of morality." "Feelin' philosophical, huh?" McCoy settled beside the man that he considered his friend until earlier that day. "Massive blood loss'll do that to you. Now I gotta question for you, and I'd prefer absolute honesty." "Of course." "What the hell did you do to Zia?" Spock immediately stiffened beside him. "That is a private matter." "It becomes my problem when she runs into the ship lookin' like a mess, wantin' me to put her to sleep so she can't feel anymore." He turned his head and watched Spock's expression carefully. "I felt some of what she felt. She was heartbroken, Spock." The Vulcan was quiet for a long moment, searching for the right words. "We received some news which affected me unexpectedly. Ambassador Spock is dead." "Spock, I'm so sorry. I can't imagine what that must feel like." He meant every word. Spock sighed. "When you have lived as many lives as he, fear of death is illogical." "Fear of death is what keeps us alive." "I feel that I should live as he did, and that is why I thought it would be wise to redirect my efforts into continuing his work on New Vulcan." "You can't leave Starfleet, Spock. What would Jim say?" "I did not find the time to discuss it with him." "Well, I can think of at least two people who wouldn't be very happy with you. You know, me, on the other hand, I'd throw a party." Spock took a shaky breath. "I apologise." "How does this tie in to Zia?" "The thought crossed my mind that perhaps we should resign from Starfleet and focus our efforts into continuing Ambassador Spock's work on New Vulcan." "What, goin' off makin' little Vulcans?" "Yes." "Yeah, I can see how that'd upset her." "It was merely a thought, but she feared it had become more than that. I… mistakenly lashed out and insinuated that we had made a mistake becoming bondmates." … "That's not a good idea." "Yes, I understand now." His body trembled. "What if… what if she has not survived? What if she was not evacuated? What if she did not wake in time?" "I can't help you there, Spock. I don't know anythin' abou' where she is. She should be safe, though. My nurses woulda taken care of her." He could only sit there, while Spock shook silently beside him, a single tear running down his usually impassive face. There were some wounds that even doctors couldn't heal. o.O.o "Over there!" Lexis pointed, and she and Scotty weaved between several rocks and towards a crashed escape pod. It was wrecked beyond repair, but any sign of something familiar was welcome. There were only so many alien trees she could look at before she longed for the comfort of machinery. They reached the escape pod and searched around for anything they could use. "Aha!" Scotty picked up a communicator and flipped it open, but it snapped in half. "Ye gotta be kiddin' me," he groaned. Lexis stepped beside him and had to fight a giggle. Of course, the one time they needed a tricorder… Twigs snapped somewhere behind them and Scotty and Lexis spun and spotted three of Krall's henchmen coming towards them. They were ugly creatures, with heavy, leathery faces, mismatching pieces of armour and crude weapons. But they were still weapons. Lexis grabbed a log from her feet and held it uncertainly. She'd only just scraped through in self-defence class at the Academy. "Hello there," Scotty said, still braver than her, "the name's Montgomery Scott. An' who might ye be?" The one that looked to be the leader snapped something in an unfamiliar language. Of course, the one time they needed a translator… "Watch it, sonny, I'm handier than ye'd think." Scotty fell into a ready stance and balled his fists. Then a white girl appeared, and she sent the three henchmen running with their tails between their legs. Lexis had never seen a fighting style quite like that. The girl was slender and of average height, her skin white and face lined with black markings that looked to be natural. Her white hair was pulled back neatly, and she wore a mish-mash of brown clothing. Lexis eyed the girl nervously, glancing between her cool demeanour and Scotty's obvious admiration despite her being a total stranger. But then the girl began digging around the escape pod, and Scotty's face darkened. "Tha' is 'Fleet property," he said, approaching her, "ye cannae jus'-" She pulled a knife on him and he raised his hands. "But, I'm feelin' generous today, so have at it!" Lexis grabbed Scotty's shoulders and pulled him out of knife range. Something about the alien girl put her on edge, like she couldn't be trusted. The girl glanced at Lexis' Starfleet insignia, clipped over her breast. "Where you get that?" she asked. Lexis started at the girl uncomprehendingly until it clicked. "Is that Standard?" she countered. "I learn it in my house. Where you get that?" She again pointed the knife towards Lexis' insignia. "It's my Starfleet insignia," Lexis told her. "What does it mean?" At this point, Lexis glanced at Scotty for help. The last time she'd been planetside, she was shot, and communicating with an alien hadn't been on her To-Do list ever since then. Thankfully, Scotty picked up on her discomfort. "It means we're officers of Starfleet," he said, gesturing to his own insignia, "uh, Engineerin' division." That made her lower her knife, and she looked at Scotty in a way that made Lexis' blood boil. Maybe putting Scotty in the line of fire wasn't such a good idea. "Engineering?" she said softly. "Aye, tha's right. I fix things." He mimed turning a screwdriver and the girl glared at him. "I know what is Engineering," she snapped. She turned back to the escape pod and Scotty leant back to whisper in Lexis' ear. "Ye think she's wit' those bastards tha' killed our ship?" he whispered, his breath hot on her ear. "No. She wouldn't've fought them, otherwise, and we'd be in chains by now." "Fair enough." He cleared his throat and the girl looked at him. "Look, we've gotta find our crewmates, lassie." "I will help you find your mates," she said promptly, "and then you will help me." "With wha'?" She mimed turning a screwdriver. "Ye want me ta fix somethin'?" "Yes! You help me, and I help you." Scotty stared at her for a long moment, and Lexis gently touched his shoulder. "This is our best chance," she whispered. "Come on." He nodded. "Alrigh', we'll do it." "Good. I am Jaylah." She pointed her staff at Scotty. "And you are Montgomery Scott." "Aye, Scotty." Jaylah turned to Lexis. "You?" "Lexis Redcliffe." "Come now, Montgomery Scotty and Lexis Redcliffe." She turned, gathered a pile of machinery in her arms, and headed into the trees. Lexis and Scotty exchanged glances and followed her. o.O.o Zia bit her lip and tried to see her arm through the blur of tears. She whimpered every time the broken bones ground together, but she needed to do this. She needed to free her arm just a little bit, and then she could hopefully free herself. A tricorder was jammed between her bedside table and the wall, and she couldn't lean over far enough to tug it free using her teeth. So, she had to try and pull one of her broken arms halfway from the restraints. She fell back against the bed, sweat pouring from her body, and fought a scream. She'd heard footsteps and a foreign language nearby not long ago, and something inside her told her to be quiet. Oh, she wanted to scream. She wanted to howl and yell and for the pain to end. She heard the footsteps again, faintly through the spark of electrical equipment, and closed her eyes and fell limp. That was the second time the Enterprise's attackers had come close. At least, she thought they were attackers. She didn't remember leaving Yorktown. She didn't remember what had happened to the ship. She didn't know why there were dead bodies in the room, nor why the Enterprise was so banged up. What she did remember was Spock, and his desire to leave the crew. The footsteps faded and again she carefully worked away at the bond. Her forearm slid through the loosened restraint and her hand blocked progress. That was enough. She leant towards the bedside table and this time, her teeth successfully fastened around the tricorder. She clamped it tightly and tugged once, twice, and it popped free. Now came the hard part. Her tongue rested over the button for laser use, but she had to make sure the aim was right. Tears blurred her vision and saliva filled her mouth. She wanted to swallow, but that would make her drop the tricorder. She turned her head towards her left arm and gently pushed her tongue against the button. A small laser shot out and cut the bed beside her arm. She turned her head towards the right and the laser bit through the restraint easily. Snap. She did the same for her other arm, then gingerly sat up and cut through her legs. Thankfully those were fine. The laser cut through some skin on her right ankle and she ignored it. The pain was nothing compared to her arms. She looked around for a medical cabinet. There. She stood, arms flopping at her sides, and slowly stepped over broken machinery and a body to get to it. She bit down on the handle and tugged it open. Inside was exactly what she needed. She pushed aside several bottles of antiseptic with her face and fastened her teeth around a packet of bone patches. She pulled them free and sat on the ground, dropping the patches at her feet. Now came the hard part. Her breath came in quick pants as she lifted her shaking left arm towards the patches, her fingers weakly tugging the patch free from the packet. All she had to do was place it around the broken bone and it would immediately harden and allow for mobility to bandage it. She didn't hold back the groans and whimpers as she manoeuvred her broken arm onto the other broken arm. Then the bandage was on her arm and she hissed as the broken bones were pressed together. The patch would initiate healing protocols, so as long as she didn't take it off, she'd be fine. The second patch was easier, and then she could move both arms. She took bandages from the cabinet above and wound them around the patches for stability. Once that was done, she rifled around for some painkillers. She couldn't do anything strong, as it would cloud her judgement and make her tired, but she needed something. "Where's Yeto when you need him?" she muttered. Most of the hypos made no sense. Couldn't she find some plain old Neuronfan? Ah, success. She injected the painkillers and then left the Infirmary. Her arms twinged whenever she moved them, but it was bearable now. She wiped the sweat from her forehead and tip-toed through the ruined corridors. The rest of the ship was much the same, only the few dead crewmembers she came across looked like they were mummified, with dried skin and sunken eyes. She fought the urge to vomit and instead listened for nearby footsteps. None. She found a communicator, though, and pocketed it. She then felt a light breeze on the back of her neck and searched for the source. There was a hole torn in the wall, just down the corridor, and through it a clear path to the outside of the ship. She pushed herself up using her legs, and then used her wrecked arms to heave herself over the edge. Nausea reigned, and she bent over and threw up. She was on the top of the saucer, now. No engine, no nacelles. Just the saucer. And darkness. She eased her way down the smoking wreck, expecting someone to appear in front of her at any moment and point a gun to her head. But no one did. She made it to the ground with no problems, and began weaving her way between trees and boulders, intent on getting as far away from the wreckage as possible. She was sure her uniform was singed and filthy, her face and limbs streaked with grime, her hair filled will all manner of gunk, but she couldn't bring herself to care. She stumbled from the wreckage, the adrenaline leeching from her body and into the ground beneath her. She didn't know how long she walked for, but suddenly there was an explosion behind her. She turned and watched as the saucer rose above the trees, then came crashing down. Zia then turned away, covered her ears and closed her eyes. Dust flew towards her and peppered her body. Something hard hit her back and she fell face-first into the dirt. Once the dust settled, she reached a trembling arm behind her and tugged a huge, sharp piece of wood from her back. It was coated in green blood and she became aware of more pain. "S-Spock," she whispered. Then darkness took her. o.O.o "Wha' is this place?" Scotty and Lexis stared around at the strange structure. From the outside, it had looked like a cave, but they'd stepped through a wall of image refractors and now it seemed to be a room with metallic walls. Kind of like… a bunker, perhaps? "This is my house," Jayla responded. She delved into the rooms, and Scotty and Lexis hurried to follow her. "Yer house?" Scotty asked. "Hold on a minute, is this a ship?" The moment the words left his mouth, it clicked in Lexis' mind. Of course, it was a ship. That was the only thing that made sense. The structural engineering was all wrong for a bunker, but – Lexis examined the closest wall – it couldn't be a Starship. They didn't make them like that. At least, not anymore. "I help you find your friends," Jayla said, "and you help me fix it, so I can leave this planet forever." "W-wait a minute, is this yer ship?" Scotty and Lexis exchanged glances and followed her deeper into what looked to be the engine. "No, Montgomery Scotty." Jayla shone her torch on the wall. "It's yours." "Oh, my good Lord." Scotty grabbed Lexis' hand unconsciously as they stared at the registry on the wall. U.S.S. Franklin. And underneath, the Starfleet insignia. "Eat something." Jayla gestured to a door to their right. "Food is there. Eat if you want. I will be fixing this." "I don't know about you, but I'm hungry." Lexis tugged Scotty's hand and led him to the next room. There were a few strange-looking foodstuffs on a counter, and she approached them. "They don't look bad. This one's kind of like an apple." "I cannae remember the last time I at somethin' no' from a replicator." Scotty stood beside her and watched her grab a knife and cut it open. The inside was juicy, and Lexis cut a sliver and gingerly nibbled at the end. "It's nice." She cut a bigger piece and handed it to Scotty, then cut a piece for herself. They then found a seat and reclined. It was the first time they'd had a chance to slow down since the crash, and unexpected emotion overwhelmed Lexis. She didn't sniffle, but tears rolled down her cheeks as she ate her fruit. She tried to surreptitiously wipe them away, but Scotty noticed. "Aye, lassie, wha's the matter?" He finished his piece of fruit and licked his fingers. She shook her head. "I'm okay, just tired. And worried. I'm just hoping that everyone else made it out okay." "I know. I'm worried abou' Keenser. He's such a wee lad." Scotty sighed and leant forward in his seat. "Y'know, though, nearly dyin' like tha' really makes ye see wha's important in ye life. All yer mistakes, all yer regrets, everythin'." He sighed. "For the longest time, all I had was me ship, an' I was happy." Her heartbeat quickened. "She's a good ship." "I know. Bu' we nearly died, an' I couldn' let tha' happen without ye not knowin'." He trailed off and doubt flickered across his face. "Knowing what?" "I… Like ye. Like, like-like ye." She wanted to say that they were adults, that they were beyond the age of being scared to admitting to liking someone, but then she'd be a hypocrite. Then she realised what he'd just said, and the fruit slipped from between her fingertips. "You what?" Scotty flinched. "I know, I know it's no' fair ta ye, ta force this on ye, bu' I thought ye should know." "How long?" She stared at the piece of fruit on the floor, unwilling to make eye-contact. "Since ye nearly died on Darta, is when. I jus' knew nothin' would be the same without ye." "Huh. Same." A long silence passed between them and Lexis picked up the fruit, dusted it off, and continued eating it. "Nothin' like a bit o' life an' death ta bring ou' the honesty," Scotty joked. Lexis nodded, her mouth full, her mind still trying to process everything. She swallowed. "We're adults, aren't we?" "I hope so." Still not looking at him, she hesitantly held out her hand. Scotty took it and laced their fingers together. They didn't quite fit together perfectly like she thought they would, but by god it felt good. Music began blaring in the engine room, where Jayla was, and Scotty glanced at the door. "I think I migh' go give her a hand. We'll need a ship ta ge' outta here." "I'll explore a bit and see what else we're working with." They dropped their hands and went their separate ways. Lexis glanced over her shoulder at Scotty's retreating form and he did the same. Their eyes met. They turned away, blushing, and she couldn't shake the feeling that she should have kissed him. Around ten minutes later, when Lexis was beneath a console in the old Bridge, Scotty knocked on the edge of the door. "Lassie, someone's set off one o' Jayla's traps, we're gonna go investigate." "Okay," she called, her focus deep into a mess of wires. "I'll be here." Jaylah had done a good job fixing up the essential systems, but several imperative secondaries still needed work. While she didn't have a tricorder or PADD, Lexis found that she instinctively knew which way to sort the wires and fix the EPS. Without electronic propulsion, an old ship wouldn't be able to turn effectively in space and would likely careen out of control. "Can she fly?" came a voice Lexis hadn't expected to hear. She jerked up and slammed her head into the underside of the console. "She's missin' a few driver coils an' the EPS conduits are fried, but Jaylah has done a marvellous job o' gettin' the ship's systems back online." "EPS is fine now." Lexis extracted herself from beneath the console and stood, rubbing her head. Captain Kirk and Lieutenant Chekov stood before her, staring at her dishevelled form. "I sorted it." "My thanks." Jaylah smiled warmly. "Would you look what the cat dragged in." Kirk approached Lexis and patted her shoulder warmly. "Good to see you." "And you, sir." Kirk turned to the Captain's chair, but Jaylah already lounged in it. The two stared at each other, then in unison looked over at Chekov, who was examining one of the communication consoles. "Mister Chekov," Kirk said, "can you plug in the coordinates, see if you can track the crew's location through the ship's sensors." "Aye, Keptain." Lexis turned to Scotty and blinked. He'd never looked at her like that before. "So… I'm guessing it was Kirk and Chekov in the trap?" "Wha-aye. Aye, it was." He cleared his throat. "Mister Scott," Kirk said. "Tour?" "Aye. Of course." Scotty cleared his throat again and gestured to the door. "Jaylah?" The trio left the room, Scotty glancing back once at Lexis, and once they were gone she turned to Chekov. "Do I have grease on my face or something?" she asked. He looked up from his console and blushed. "Um, da. Just a little bit." She swore. Chekov glanced down at his console and his face lit up. "I hawe somezing!"
Chapter 14 – Beyond Part 3 Every muscle in Yeto's boy ached and he was so ready to sleep for three weeks. And have an entire banquet of seafood. Probably after he woke up, because then he'd be hungrier than he was now. He never thought supporting another person would hurt so much, but Spock weighed a ton. And because McCoy spent most of his time using the communicator to try and contact someone from the Enterprise, the carrying mostly fell to Yeto. "Why do you think of Lieutenant Uhura so often?" Spock asked suddenly. Yeto froze and unslung the Vulcan's arm from his shoulders. He should've been more careful with his thoughts, especially while touching a Vulcan. Both Vulcans and Betazoids were telepathic to some extent, with Betazoids more empathic, and of course Spock would be able to sense his thoughts given their proximity. It also meant that Spock could tell if he was lying. "My reasons are private," Yeto said carefully. "They may be private to her, but they are known to me." Spock gave him a surprisingly clear look. "Lieutenant Uhura is a dear friend, and I will not allow you to hurt her in any way." "No more than you did," Yeto said without thinking. He halted, flicking his eyes to the Vulcan. To his surprise, Spock merely shrugged. "I am aware of her past feelings and I note their relevance. Should you enter into a romantic relationship with her, please note that if it goes sour, there is nowhere you can hide." Definitely delirious. "Noted. I can't promise that such a relationship will occur, given that, as the humans say, the 'ball is in her court'." "Whose court?" McCoy chose that moment to close the communicator and join the conversation. "Lieutenant Kestrel's interest in Lieutenant Uhura," Spock said. "Oh. That. She'll go all Dominatrix on you, Yeto. I don't think it's a good idea." Yet McCoy's expression betrayed his words. "Unless you like being on the bottom." "I like a relationship based on mutual respect and desires," Yeto said. At that moment, Spock groaned, clutching his wound, and leant against the nearest rock. McCoy and Yeto grabbed either arm and supported him. Then a distant whirring penetrated the eerie silence around them, and they glanced up and saw enemy ships bearing down on them. Yeto noted with interest that they looked a bit like mosquitoes. Space mosquitoes, he thought with a wry smile. They slowly released Spock and backed up against each other, watching as the ships surrounded them. Yeto raised the broken phaser, knowing full well it wouldn't help in any way. "Well," McCoy said. "At least I won't die alone." They heard the familiar whirr of Transporter particles and turned and saw that Spock had disappeared. "Well, that's just typical," Yeto said. He and McCoy returned to their back-to-back position. "D'you think we'll be next?" "With any luck." McCoy raised his fists at the ships. "Come on, you bastards!" Transporter particles whirred again, and then he was gone. Yeto swallowed and raised the phaser at the nearest ship, hoping against hope that they wouldn't shoot. Alien words blared from one of the ships, and he saw the cannons activate and point towards him. Wonderful. Then he disappeared in a flash of bright light. And reappeared in a dark room, with Scotty's smiling face in front of his own. "Good ta see ye in once piece, laddie," the Scotsman said. Yeto stumbled forward a few steps, then raced to the nearest corner and threw up. "These, uh, old Transporters were only used for cargo, bu' a few modifications seemed ta do the trick." He patted the Betazoid on the back. "I though' it was bes' ta beam ye up one at a time, though, ye know, in case ye got… spliced." "Right." Yeto wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. "If I suddenly have an urge to drink bourbon and say 'darlin'', I know who to blame." "Hey!" McCoy shouted from the other side of the room. The green-faced doctor knelt next to an unconscious Spock. "Are there any medical supplies on this thing?" he called to no one in particular. As well as Scotty, both Captain Kirk and Lieutenant Chekov were in the room. Yeto glanced around for Uhura and his heart sank figuratively as he saw no sign of her. Only a white-haired female who led McCoy, Kirk, and the injured Spock to wherever the Infirmary was. "Alrigh', Chekov, le's ge' tha' second signal," Scotty said. "Second signal?" Yeto asked. "Aye, we found someone else. We aren' sure who it is, though." "Ready for beam, sir," Chekov said. o.O.o She woke unable to feel anything below her waist, and her hands tingled unpleasantly. She inhaled and tasted smoke and damp jungle in the air, two scents that didn't seem to work, and yet they did. It was probably a good thing she couldn't feel much, if the broken branch by her face was anything to go by. She stared at the dried blood that coated the pointy end and remembered pulling it from somewhere on her back. She put all her energy into her mental shields, the ones she hadn't taken down yet, and sighed as communication reopened. 'Spock,' she whispered. 'Spock, are you there?' No response. Unconscious, maybe. Or… She became aware of something digging into her leg and manoeuvred a tingling hand down to remove the object. Huh. A communicator. She pressed the button and listened to the welcome chime of an open line. "Lieutenant Abbott to Enterprise. Enterprise, come in." She continued the call for a good few minutes until her parched throat wouldn't work anymore, and her words became a silent moving of her mouth. She swallowed her saliva, but it did nothing. Well, it was settled. She was going to die here. Alone, and in pain. 'Zia…' Bright light. Then a dark room. "Oh my god!" Warm hands. Familiar hands. A familiar flow of emotions as skin met skin, and instant calm befell her. "You're okay, you're fine, you're safe." Yeto's gentle voice penetrated the pain and she felt two sets of arms beneath her. Saw a shock of red hair. Scotty. She smiled. "Hi," she rasped. She winced as they jilted her wounds while moving her. "Two broken arms and a stab wound to the rear abdomen, opposite to the heart. Major blood loss and dehydration. Zia…" Yeto bit his lip. He didn't look too well either. Grime caked his face and he had a split lip. They took her into another room and she felt a pleasant buzzing sensation in her eyes. "Good god man." McCoy. "You…" He and Kirk crouched next to an unconscious Spock. Spock. She stared at his pale face. Her eyes travelled to a patch of green over his heart. No… "He's alive," Kirk said. "He's okay. Bones' patched him up. Put her down just here." They placed her on the couch across from Spock's and she groaned as Yeto prodded the swollen flesh around her back wound. Of course, now it was making itself known. And the feeling was returning to her legs, now that she'd been moved. "Quite literally stabbed in the back, lassie," Scotty said. Yeto took care of the stab wound and them injected some painkillers, the strong ones. They began their work immediately, and she could finally relax. Yeto rolled her onto her back and she reclined gratefully. "What happened?" he murmured. "I…" She swallowed thickly, and he seemed to understand. "Can we get some water?" he asked Scotty. The engineer rushed off and returned moments later with a canteen, which she gratefully sipped from. Her throat cleared, and her body relaxed further. "Thanks. I woke in the Infirmary like this." She flicked her gaze towards her bandaged arms. "I took care of them and made my way out. Then you found me." "You're very brave." Kirk moved beside her and sat down, looking at everyone else. "You guys get some food and rest. We'll reconvene once Spock wakes up." "Aye, Capt'n." "Yes, sir." "Sure, Jim." Everyone filed out of the room and Zia turned her fuzzy gaze towards Kirk. "I'm glad you made it," she murmured. "I could say the same about you. Bones was tearing himself apart with worry, and I had no idea what had happened to anyone." He sighed and laced his fingers together. "We were betrayed. This whole thing was a lie to get that artefact from Teenax." "Those tiny dudes?" She frowned, trying to penetrate the fog that was her drug-addled brain. "Yeah. It was all my fault for not suspecting soon enough. We wouldn't be down here. The Enterprise wouldn't be lost." He looked away. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't bother you with this." "No, it's okay. We're friends." She yawned. "You're a good Captain, oh my Captain." "I've been… wondering about that." He hesitated. "You're the only one here who really knows Jamie… d'you think she'd move to Yorktown to be with me?" "Why would you be in Yorktown?" "I… was thinking about transferring to a Vice Admiral position there, and letting Spock have the Enterprise. That way we could be together. D'you think she'd go for it?" "I think that sounds stupid." She giggled. "Jamie just wants you to be happy. She's totally happy to wait for love and I don't think she'd forgive you for giving up your ship for her. She wouldn't think she's worth it." Kirk folded his hands over her knees. "I just… miss her. And now I've gone and wrecked the ship and what kind of Captain does that?" "One who cares for his crew." Spock's quiet voice startled them both, and they turned to look at him. The pale-faced Vulcan slowly sat up and froze when he saw Zia. "T'hy'la… you…" He saw the bandages around her arms and torso. "Hey sexy." Warmth curdled in her stomach and her eyes dropped to his crotch. Kirk cleared his throat. "Spock, when you're ready, I'll be outside. We still have to rescue the rest of the crew." Kirk then stood and left the makeshift Infirmary. Spock took his place, wincing as he sat down. "If I left for New Vulcan, would you come with me?" he asked softly. "No," she replied. "I would never leave the crew. They're my family." Her rational brain told her to tone it down, but honesty drowned it out. "Then I will not leave." He rested his palm on her cheek and she closed her eyes. "I only wish to be where you are, t'hy'la." "That's good to know. Now shut up and kiss me." He moved slowly so he faced her, and gently pressed his mouth to hers, his hands cupping both sides of her face. They moaned into the kiss and Zia forgot they were on an alien planet. She forgot they were injured. She forgot why she'd been mad at Spock. It seemed that he'd forgotten everything too. He rested a hand against her breast, then traced it down her body and onto her thighs, stroking the warm skin there. He suddenly broke the kiss. "Jim," he panted. He pulled the hand away and she grunted. "Damn party-pooper," she muttered. He rested the hand on her forehead. "You get some sleep, t'hy'la. When the wake, we should have the crew." "Let's hope I don't wake with broken legs too." She hadn't realised how close sleep beckoned, and as soon as Spock pulled his hand away, the darkness claimed her. o.O.o Spock felt relaxed as he and Kirk joined the rest of the makeshift crew on the Bridge of what appeared to be the U.S.S. Franklin. Chekov and Scotty hovered over a communications console, while he saw the grime-streaked legs of a female Engineering officer sticking out from beneath the pilot's console. McCoy and the white woman, who Kirk introduced as Jaylah, looked up as they entered. "Okay, so we need to get the crew back now," Kirk said, all business. "Chekov has the coordinates that can lead us to Krall's base, so we go." "With respect, sir," Scotty said, "how do we know tha' Krall was at the base when she called him? And even if he was, we don' know if the crew was with him." "Or if they're even still alive," McCoy put in unhelpfully. "I can do zat!" Chekov dove towards the communication console and began frantically tapping buttons. All eyes turned to the screen as search parameters indicated a single location. "Zis matches ze coordinates I got from ze traitor." "What is it?" McCoy asked. "Topaz," Chekov said proudly. "I gawe 'Karu a topaz promise ring, because it iz his birthstone." He held out his hand and everyone saw the silver ring he wore. "He gawe me an amethyst one." "Good one, Chekov!" Kirk beamed. "I knew there was a reason you two were so cute together!" "This presence suggests that the crew is being held at Krall's base of operation," Spock said, hoping to get the investigation back on track. "Can you beam them out?" Kirk asked Chekov. "No, sir. Zere iz some geological interference zat is blocking ze Transporter signal." "Well, I guess we're gonna have to go there and break them out the old-fashioned way." Spock detected a trace amount of joy on his Captain's face. Kirk had always enjoyed a good fight. "You cannot go to this place," Jaylah said suddenly. All eyes turned to her. "Everyone who goes there, he kills." "You've-you've been there?" Kirk slowly approached her. "You've seen it?" "Well, why didn' ye say somthin', lassie?" "Because I know you will ask me to take you there." Tears welled in her eyes. "If your friends are there, then they will die, just like my family. And I will not go back to that death place!" "Aye, bu' if ye've escaped, then ye can show us the way in an' the way ou'." "No! This is not the deal we made, Montgomery Scotty! If you choose to do this, you are on your own." She fled the room and Scotty made to go after her. "Wait," he said. "Let her go," Kirk said. "She's lost people too, Capt'n." Then Scotty was gone. Kirk knelt beside where Lexis lay beneath a console. "Hey," he said, "does Scotty stand a chance of convincing her to join us?" "Yes," the Takret replied. Spock didn't recall ever being formally introduced to her. "They respect each other." Spock, meanwhile, had another question in mind. He approached Chekov and folded his hands behind his back. "Lieutenant, would you please explain to me the purpose of a promise ring?" he asked. Chekov raised an eyebrow. "Aye, sir. It iz somezing tvo people in a relationship giwe to one anozer as a promise zat zey vill get married. If zey are not ready to be engaged, it acts as a promise zat zey vill be." "Fascinating. And your choice of gems?" "I beliewe zat ze Zodiac has some basis in scientific fact, and Hikaru iz a Sagittarius, and his birthstone iz topaz. I am a Pisces, and my birthstone is amethyst." "How does one know their birthstone?" "It is based on vhen zey vhere born." Chekov smirked. "Zia iz a Capricorn, and her birthstone iz a garnet, if you vondered." "I… thank you, Lieutenant." At that moment, Jaylah re-entered the room, Scotty and Kirk following behind them. "Follow me," she said. Lexis looked at Scotty. "Can I…?" "Of course, lassie." She blushed and ducked back under the console. No one failed to notice the distinct tenderness in his tone, nor the smile they sent to each other. Spock and company followed Jaylah in what looked to be a war room. Displayed on the centre table was a replica of Krall's base – Spock wondered if she'd tried to rescue people before and failed. "The digging machines uncovered a tunnel that goes into the crater," she said, pointing at one of the miniature structures. "That's how I got out." "So that'll be our way in." Kirk said it like it would be easy. "An away team will beam to the other side of the tunnel, follow it to Krall's base, get inside the building and break out the crew." "Uh, Keptain… ve cannot lock onto anyvone inside the crater in order to beam zem out." "Oh, I can rig up pulse beacons as pattern enhancers." Scotty looked to the Captain for permission. "That'd ge' the signal outta the crater." "How many people can the Franklin Transport at a time?" Kirk asked the engineer. "Uh… with a wee bi' o' modification… twenty max? But I'm no' sure how long it'd hold ou'." "Good." Kirk turned his attention to the rest of them. "Bones, Spock and Jaylah, you're with me on the away team. Mister Scott, modify that transporter and then you, Mister Chekov and Lieutenant Redcliffe do whatever you can to get this ship operational." "But his soldiers are everywhere," Jaylah said. "We won't pass unseen." "What we require is a diversion," Spock said. He caught Kirk's eye and he didn't like the gleam he saw within them. "I think I have an idea." o.O.o "Lexis?" "Yeah?" "How're ye doin' with the repairs?" "Almost done." He heard an electrical hum and she wriggled out from underneath the panel. His face slackened. She never looked more beautiful than when grease and grime streaked her face and clothes. "Scotty?" "I, ahem, I need ye in the engine room, given tha' we're abou' ta take off. I'm on the Transporter ta nab the crew." "Right." She nodded and went to step past him, but he grabbed her arm. "Lexis, in case we don' make it, I-mrmph!" He froze as her mouth was suddenly pressed against hers, open, warm and inviting. He wound his fingers through her hair, closed his eyes, and melted into the kiss. Every inch of her body was pressed against his, and he was sure she could feel his little problem. She pulled back with a wet smacking sound, and his eyes flew open. "Just in case," she whispered, then slipped past him. He stood there, unthinking for a long moment, then raised his fingers to his lips. "Did tha' jus' happen?" he murmured. "Da, Mister Scott." He spun and saw Chekov standing in the doorway, a light blush covering his face. "Did ye…?" "Da, Mister Scott. Ve should go." "Righ'." They pair made their way to the Transporter room, unwilling to look at each other. "She iz a lowely girl, Mister Scott," Chekov said finally. "Thank ye, laddie." They reached the Transporter room and Chekov dove for the console and scanned for signals. Several long moments passed, then- "I've got zem, Mister Scott!" "Okay, Mister Chekov increase the signal. We're gonna grab them twenty at a time." "Aye." "Le's hope this doesn' ge' messy. Energise!" The first group of crewmembers appeared, a little dirty but not worse-for wear, and Scotty called to them to file out and make room for the next group. That's how it went for each group. They appeared, Scotty directed them to the door, and then Yeto directed them to the Infirmary. Then the unbelievable happened. Scotty ducked onto his knees, arms wide, laughing as Keenser rushed up to him, then remembered at the last minute that the Roylan found physical intimacy uncomfortable. They settled for a handshake. "Good ta see ye, wee man." o.O.o "Come on, let's go!" McCoy pushed the next group onto the platform and glanced back to see if anyone was left behind. He spotted a figure in blue standing there uncertainly, not knowing what was going on around her, and rushed forward. "Caitlin!" "Doctor!" She reached out and grasped his hands. He pulled her from the prison and onto the platform, joining the rest of the final group. McCoy held a working phaser with one hand, while the other arm wrapped protectively around Caitlin's waist. He couldn't deny… firing a phaser at his enemy while a beautiful girl clutched to him was kinda heroic. He and Spock defended the remainder of their crew, but there were too many enemies. A green energy bolt missed him by centimetres and he turned his body to Caitlin was safe from gunshots. Then an engine revved, and Kirk appeared in front of them on a motorbike – their 'distraction' – and the exhaust sprayed a jade-like substance that hardened upon exposure to oxygen. He circled them, using the substance to create a wall of protection, and McCoy felt the familiar tingling sensation of Transport. Suddenly he was back on the Franklin, with Caitlin still nestled under his arm, and he kept his arm around her and followed the group to the Infirmary. "Darlin', you okay?" he murmured. "Yes. I…" She turned her head towards him, and by god, he could've kissed her right then. No, he had to tell himself, he was a gentleman. He had to take her out first. "C'mon, let's settle you here." He took her hand and pressed it against a free seat. "Bones, come in." "Yeah?" He grabbed his communicator. "What d'you need, Jim?" "I need you to secure all crew. Use rope if you have to. Just get everyone locked down." "Sure thing." He looked around and spotted Yeto. "Kestrel! I need you to help me lock everyone up!" "Yes, sir!" Yeto turned to the confused Ensigns closest to him and ushered them towards the nearest seats. The Franklin had ensured enough emergency space for all of its crewmembers, and the surviving members of the Enterprise crew managed to fill every one of the spare seats. He instructed several security officers to check the restraints, and then came across Zia. She looked around sluggishly, still spread across the couch. McCoy slid his hands under her armpits and gently eased her up. "Here we go," he said. "I just need to strap you in." "Strip me?" she frowned. "Why?" "Damn morphine. S-T-R-A-P." "Oh. Strap. Okay." She sat there and dozed as he pulled the restraints free from their holders and clipped her in. "Doctor, I have her." Yeto approached him, Caitlin in tow, and McCoy took her hand and guided her into the seat beside Zia. He then worked at her restraints, painfully aware of how close their faces were as he clipped them together. "Bones, where are we with the crew?" He grabbed his communicator. "I could use a functionin' med-bay, but otherwise we're secure down here." Yeto took the spare seat beside Zia, while McCoy took the spare seat beside Caitlin. He secured himself and then gripped his knees, exhaling slowly. "It'll be fine," Caitlin whispered. She felt along his leg for his hand and gripped it tightly. McCoy had to quell the hard-on that sprang from her touch, instead focusing on the fear of having a Starship drop off the side of a mountain. That effectively turned him off. "So… why did you join Starfleet?" "My ex-wife took everythin' from me in the divorce and I had nothin' left. Starfleet seemed like the best place to go." He closed his eyes as he felt the ship begin to rumble. "Oh. Do you have kids?" "A daughter." "What's her name?" "Jo-" He broke off as the ship began to move. "Joanna." "It's a pretty name. How old is she?" "She turned fourteen last month." He squeezed Caitlin's hand and began hyperventilating as the ship began to careen forward. "Does she look like you?" Caitlin was lucky. She couldn't see the ship's equipment turning around them. She couldn't see a rack of harnesses pointing towards the door rather than the floor. "I think so. I haven't seen her in eight years." "We'll have to change that." She squeezed his hand calmly. "Why don't you go see her once the mission is over? I'm sure she'd love to see her father." "What the hell would I say? 'Hi, I'm your dad who has only sent you letters on your birthday and Christmas, and now I'd like to be friends'? I don't think she even got most of my letters. Damn ex-wife probably took 'em all." "Your ex-wife?" "Yeah. She didn't turn out a nice person." And he suddenly realised that they were flying, not falling. "You okay?" Caitlin's soft voice sounded in his ear and he turned to her. Blind, and yet she saw more than most. Saw and understood. "Yeah… thanks." She said something then, something in an unrecognisable language. McCoy was sure he detected a bit of Vulcan in there, but he couldn't be sure. He shook his head and glanced around at the relieved-looking crewmembers. "Well whaddaya know." And of course, that was where everything went nuts.
Chapter 15 – Beyond Part 4 Zia didn't remember much of what happened. She spent most of the time drifting in and out of consciousness, and when she fully came-to, she was in the Yorktown hospital, Spock on the bed beside hers. The room was dim, so it had to be the Yorktown equivalent of night, and both she and Spock had needles in their wrists that were attached to medical drips. "Spock?" Her arms throbbed, and she groaned. "Zia." He turned his head and their eyes met. He'd never looked so tired. "I am pleased you are alright." "What happened? Last thing I remember, we were on some ship. It was dark, I think?" Spock slid off his bed and hooked his drip onto a moveable rack and wheeled it over to her bed. He perched himself on the edge of the bed and gently splayed his fingers across her psi-points. A swarm. Music. Beats and shouting. Flying. Crashing. Kirk, flailing through the air. Catch. A smile. Some pain. A hospital. "Oh." She raised her sore arm and covered his hand with her own. "Well, don't I feel useless." "Our Captain did his duty and protected his crew," Spock said, twisting his hand to lace his fingers with hers. "You suffered the worst injuries of everyone." "It was stupid of me to want that anaesthetic. I should've known better." "You were in pain. No one blame's you." Still, she was a Junior Science Officer, and she'd been forced to sit aside while the rest of Alpha-shift saved the day. Injuries be damned, she should've done something to help. Instead, she'd been a bloody damsel-in-distress and there was nothing more humiliating than that. "Shh." Spock clambered onto the bed and knelt beside her. "It is okay, t'hy'la. You are safe, and that is all that matters. Heroic tendencies are not common First Officer traits." "That's true. Kirk's the one who always does the cool thing." She sighed, and her gaze met Spock's. "On the bright side, we're here together now. Alone. And I know exactly what you're thinking right now." She saw his cheeks burn green. Though it was sometimes useful, having someone knowing what you were thinking all the time could sometimes be disconcerting. "Our pulses are being monitored by hospital staff," he said. "So, change that." She smiled the wicked smile that made his entire body quiver, and Spock obediently fiddled with the wires of their monitors, so they would play the last beats on a loop until he changed it back. "C'mere." Careful of the still-healing wound on his abdomen, he pulled off his hospital-issued boxers and settled between her legs. "How do you propose we do this, given that we are both injured?" His voice deepened and became almost husky. God, it turned her on. "Carefully." "And if someone enters?" "Don't stop." Thankfully, no one entered the room for the next half-hour as gasps and moans echoed behind the closed door. o.O.o Kirk stood in front of Commodore Paris, uncomfortable in his formal uniform. He'd have to wear it every day, if he was a Vice Admiral, he knew. The thought made him shudder. "You saved this entire base, Kirk," Paris said. "Millions of souls. Thank you." "It wasn't just me." He thought of Spock and McCoy piloting the alien ship, Scotty and Jaylah working the music, Sulu and Chekov guiding the Franklin into the city, and Uhura had transmitted the music. "It never is." "Needless to say, the position of Vice Admiral is yours. No one deserves it more." He glanced at the ground, gathering his thoughts. A few days ago, he would have been overjoyed at the news. Now? Now, he thought of Zia's words, and he wasn't so sure. "Vice Admirals don't fly, do they?" "No. They don't." A small smile formed on Paris' face. "Well, no offence ma'am, but… where's the fun in that?" o.O.o "Happy Birthday!" The cry echoed through the room and Spock raised his glass as Kirk walked through the door. The Captain laughed in disbelief and cast a playful glare at McCoy. "Mister Sensitive?" he joked. Scotty approached the pair and handed them drinks. "Everybody," McCoy called, "raise a glass to Captain James T. Kirk." "Captain Kirk!" Beside Spock, a huge smile split Zia's face. "Thanks everybody." For someone who used to be such a diva, Kirk looked uncomfortable in the spotlight. "To the Enterprise." "To the Enterprise!" "And… to absent friends." Spock was absolutely sure Kirk was thinking of the Orion woman he had waiting for him on Earth. He raised his glass to the toast, then sipped carefully. "Did you finish your mission report?" Zia asked. She gently took his arm and joined him for a stroll around the room. "No." "Oh? Is that a hint of relief I can detect there?" "Ah, Mister Spock!" They looked up as Chekov rushed over to them. "I hawe vhat you requested." He handed Spock a small blue box, then ran away to find Sulu. "What's that?" Zia asked. Spock cleared his throat and placed his drink down. "Mister Chekov informed me of an Earthen tradition in which those engaging in a romantic partnership present their partner with a token of their affection that acts as a promise for the future of the relationship." He turned to her and opened the box. "It is called a promise ring, and it is designed based on the individual's birthstone." Zia raised her hand to her mouth and gaped at the garnet ring displayed proudly in the box. He was sure her shock wasn't at the ring itself, but at his willingness to present it in front of the entire crew. Well, that's what being in love did to him. "I… thank you." He took her right hand and gently slid the ring onto her third finger, where it glittered proudly against the pale skin. They locked eyes and smiled. 'I can't believe you did this here.' 'Why would I not? They are our family.' Their smiles widened, and he stroked his fingertips against hers, trailing up the finger and around the ring. "Spock, Zia." They looked up as Kirk joined them. "I heard about, uh, Ambassador Spock. Is that what you wanted to mention that time in the Turbolift?" Zia's gaze flicked to Spock's. Ah, this was the first she was hearing about it, given that she'd been unconscious at the time of departure. "More or less," he replied. "I trust your meeting with Commodore Paris went well?" "More or less." Spock didn't have to be Vulcan to know that Kirk was thinking about Jamie again. He cast his gaze to the viewport, as did Kirk and Zia, and they were soon joined by the rest of Alpha-shift. McCoy sporting a big bourbon, Sulu and Chekov holding hands, Scotty with Keenser and Lexis on either side, Jaylah, and Uhura, Yeto and Caitlin. Before them was the skeleton of the brand-new Starship Enterprise, commissioned by Yorktown as collateral for everything that happened in the nebula. It was foolishness to think that he could be happy elsewhere. Spock's hand found Zia's, and he knew that as long as he lived, there was no where he'd rather be. o.O.o They'd finally made it to the theatre, and Scotty had purchased tickets to see Tulu Calvin's Ode to Space. They arrived ten minutes early, took their seats, and chatted amicably while waiting for the seats around them to fill and the show to start. Lexis had never seen a musical before, and this one seemed to have everything. Humour, heartbreak, and some seriously good songs. She and Scotty travelled through the mix of emotions with the characters, clapping along to the music joyfully, and then watching silently while tears rolled down their cheeks. When the final song finished, she and Scotty joined the audience in standing and applauding raucously. She pressed two fingers between her lips and whistled, returning to clapping with a huge smile on her face. The actors and actresses lined the front of the stage and bowed together, and the lead actress stepped forward and bowed again. They filed from the theatre, unable to wipe away the smiles. "So now I see why the theatre has survived so long. That was incredible." "Aye? When her granddaddy died? My lord, I swear I nearly needed a handkerchief." Scotty mimed patting at his eyes and Lexis laughed and shoved him playfully. He rebounded towards her and grabbed her hand, lacing their fingers together. "So ye enjoyed it?" "I did. I really did." She smiled shyly. "It's been a long time since I've been on a date, I'll admit." "Aye, it's the same for me." They reached the Yorktown square and grabbed a park bench next to a fountain. The tinkling water soothed the tired pair and they relaxed in the seat, Scotty running his thumb over the back of Lexis' hand. "Ye know how…" he hesitated. "I'm uh, I'm no' sure how ta say this, exactly." "Just say it." She turned her body towards his and nodded. "It's jus'… touchy. Ye know how ye species goes, uh, b-barren?" A cold weight settled in her stomach. "Yes?" "Well, um, I was gonna say… If ye really wan' a kid before then… I… uh…" He flushed. "I would… Be happy ta… ye know." "You… you would?" She stared at him. The cold weight thawed. "Aye, I mean, I really like ye, an' I know how upse' it made ye, an' believe me, I'm no' sayin' this jus' because there's a time limit. I'm sayin' it because I honestly like ye an' wan' ye ta be happy." "It's only the first date," she said. Yet her smile betrayed her words, and she squeezed his hand. "Would you really want to do that?" "Aye, lassie. It's a bi' fas', I know, bu' we've been friends for so long tha' it doesn' even feel fas'." It was only natural that a friendship like theirs turn into something more. That's how many ship-wide romances began. Of course, there were exceptions. Lexis and Scotty happened to not be one. "How abou' we meet wit' Len'rd tomorrow an' talk abou' our options?" He patted the back of her hand. "I would like that." She inhaled, then leant across and planted her lips on his. They melted into the kiss and Scotty's hands roamed down her body, cupping her hips and pulling her closer. Only then did it hit her just how long it had been since she'd been touched. Her body, quite frankly, screamed for attention. "I promise you," she whispered against his lips, "I'm not one of those girls who puts out on the first date." "I promise ye I'm no fella who'll expec' tha'," he whispered back. He pulled away reluctantly. "Trus' me, I wan' ta, bu' we should wait until we've spoken ta the good doctor." "Makes sense." She swallowed and told her heartbeat to shut up. Tomorrow couldn't come soon enough. o.O.o "You what?" "Lexis is Takret, an' they cannae have children beyond their thirty-fifth birthday." "It's two months away," she added. "And you wanna kid why?" McCoy looked at Scotty, then Lexis, then back at Scotty, and back at Lexis. And so on. Yorktown's hospital had top-of-the-line equipment, but the rooms seemed so cold and sparse, especially compared to the Enterprise's Infirmary. McCoy had been given one of the spare Wards to tend to ship business: crew physicals, any crew health issues etc. It was easy work and he was able to cycle through the days with the rest of his medical staff. And it gave him plenty of time to compose an email to his daughter. "Because it's my last chance for a child of my own." The sheer desperation on Lexis' face almost swayed the Georgian doctor. "Are you sure you're makin' the right choice?" He steepled his fingers together and rested his elbows on the desk. Scotty and Lexis, seated on two hard plastic chairs in front of him, exchanged glances. "Aye, Len'rd," Scotty said. "And will you use artificial insemination? And how'll raisin' it go? Scotty, will you have any say?" "Aye, I will." Scotty straightened indignantly. "Lexis an' I plan ta make the baby the old-fashioned way." "You…" He stared between them. Lexis refused to meet his gaze. "You guys are gonna…?" "Aye." Scotty looked at Lexis and held his hand out, which she took gratefully. "We've only been on one date, so we haven' talked abou' our relationship ye', bu' everythin' is there." "I want a relationship," Lexis said quietly. She lifted her gaze to meet Scotty's and they shared a sweet smile. McCoy would've rolled his eyes at the sweetness of it, if he hadn't seen it coming a mile away. The pair always had the potential to slide from friends to lovers with relative ease, and now they were realising it. Watching them, pain panged in his chest. It had been a long time since he'd had someone to hold hands with. Even longer since he'd held the hands of someone he loved. "What's the plan, then? D'you wanna stay here, Lexis, and raise the kid? Starfleet frowns at having kids onboard. They don't like it." "We want to raise it on the ship." Lexis straightened now and stared at the doctor resolutely. "Starfleet has a thousand by-laws on species inclusivity and I know there'll be one that'll help us. I know we can do this! We can have a child and it won't affect our work." "Well, I mean, there's always the possibility that Jim might… accidentally forget to mention a kid in his report," McCoy ventured. At their expressions, he knew he'd made the right choice. "As your doctor, I need to clear you both for conception. Shouldn't take more than an hour. Lexis, you wanna go first?" Scotty went outside, and McCoy took Lexis through a full body scan, then he donned a pair of rubber gloves and some lubricant and performed a pap smear. Totally normal, he told himself as he moved his fingers around and slimed up the space. He inserted a clamp, took a sample with his tricorder, then removed the clamp and waited for the results to arrive. "You're sexually healthy," he said. "No diseases, accordin' to this." He examined the results of her scan. "Your body is still okay for conception, and I estimate two ovulations before you… can't." "Okay." Lexis shifted uncomfortably in her seat, pulling her dress over her thighs. She swapped places with Scotty, and McCoy did another full body scan and donned another pair of rubber gloves. This time he didn't need lubricant and didn't meet Scotty's eyes as he fondled him. "I didn't feel anythin' bad," he said. They checked the scan and McCoy nodded. "You're all set." "Aye." Scotty winked at McCoy. "Guess wha' I'm doin' tonight." "I'd rather not." One thing was for sure, if Scotty had to guess, he would never guess what McCoy had planned for that night. o.O.o McCoy straightened his tie for the thousandth time in the past hour, despite the fact that it didn't matter what he looked like. He ran his fingers through his hair, glanced down at the single tulip he held, and knocked on the door. Uhura answered, beaming as she took stock of the sweating doctor. "Wow, you clean up nice." "Yeah, yeah," he grumbled. He wore his black Starfleet-issues pants and shoes, as they were the nicest pants and shoes he owned, a light-blue button-up and a navy-blue tie. "I'll be right back," she said. She disappeared into the apartment – one of the many that the crew of the Enterprise stayed in while their ship was being rebuilt – and McCoy hovered in the doorway, trying not to squeeze the tulip too tight. Then she appeared, gripping Uhura's arm tightly, failing to hide her terrified expression. McCoy faltered. What if it didn't go well? What if he got too nervous and said something stupid? Then he saw her dress. She wasn't a thin woman, like Jocelyn. She didn't have the tall athleticism that had attracted him to his ex-wife. But she was round and warm, her skin soft, her blonde hair pinned back neatly. Her smile made his head swim. And that dress. It hugged everything, leaving very little to the imagination. It ended knee-height, and despite his reputation as a gentleman, McCoy couldn't help but imagine pressing his face between those soft, milky thighs. The dress was blood-red and matched her lipstick, and it was cut low over her chest, outlining her spectacular breasts. McCoy swallowed, his mouth suddenly dry, and dragged his gaze to her eyes. "Um, hi," he rasped. Caitlin smiled nervously, still gripping Uhura's arm. "Hi," she replied. "Is that for me?" "Oh, uh, yeah." McCoy held the tulip out and pressed it into Caitlin's hand. She lifted it to her nose and inhaled, then smiled. She seemed to relax and handed the tulip to Uhura. "Please?" she asked. Uhura took the tulip, then whipped around to glare at McCoy. If you hurt her, you die, she mouthed furiously. Sweat beaded across his forehead. The last woman he ever wanted to mess with was Uhura. He guided Caitlin's hand to his arm, crooked at the elbow like an old-fashioned gentleman, and the pair took to the street. He was acutely aware of the various crewmembers wandering about at this time of night and saw several of them lean close to their friends and point at the pair. "Are they looking?" Caitlin asked. "Yeah. I won't pay 'em no mind if you won't." "I won't." They continued on, McCoy gently guiding her through the crowds. "How was your day?" Her British accent was so smooth, so posh, and for a second he wondered if he was classy enough to take her out. Then again, he could imagine what she would sound like whispering sweet nothings in his ear, how hot that accent would sound, and he had to tell himself to stop before it got out of hand. "It was okay. I can't tell you abou' it, y'know, patient confidentiality and such. What abou' yours?" "It was relaxing. Nyota and Zia took me to the spa and Uhura said that we were getting strange looks from the other customers." "I'd imagine so. The three of you'd look odd together." "The Vulcan pixie, the gorgeous Nyota and the fat, blind girl. No doubt." She giggled, and McCoy's heart hammered. How could she say something like that about herself? "Did you have fun?" "Oh, yes, heaps of fun. I've never had a manicure before in my life before today." "I'm glad you had fun." He looked up and noted that they'd reached their destination. "We're here." He helped her up the step and into the restaurant, then approached the maitre'd. "Hi, I have a reservation for McCoy." "Ah, Mister McCoy, we are expecting you. Your room is ready." "Our room?" Caitlin asked. McCoy watched the man turn his gaze to Caitlin and understanding subsequently dawned on his face. "I now understand the strange request. If you will follow me?" "Strange request?" Caitlin asked. She tightened her grip on McCoy's arm, but followed him anyway. "May I inform the lady?" the maitre'd asked. McCoy nodded. "Mister McCoy requested you dine in complete darkness." "You… you did?" Her voice was so soft, so full of disbelief that it almost broke his heart. "Of course." He took a chance and lifted her hand to his lips, pressing a gentle kiss to the back. Unexpected tears welled in her eyes and she bit her lip and turned her head away. "Here we are," the maitre'd said. He stepped aside in the doorway, and a waiter appeared from the darkness wearing night-vision goggles. "If you would place your hand on my shoulder," the waiter said, his accent frighteningly similar to Caitlin's. McCoy placed his hand on the man's shoulder and guided Caitlin's to his, then they trailed into the room and the maitre'd closed the door behind them, sending the room into darkness. He shivered with excitement about having the chance to experience what life was like for Caitlin. The waiter took his hand off his shoulder and placed it onto the back of his chair, then did the same for Caitlin. McCoy took his seat, then waited for the waiter to read out their drink choices for the night. "Just some plain-old grape wine," Caitlin said. "And I'm guessing a bourbon for my date?" "Mint julep, actually. I feel classy tonight." The waiter then read out their choices for main. "That leola root broth sounds good," Caitlin said. "Let's get one of those for the lady, and some paraka wings for me." He heard her snicker. "What? I feel like bein' adventurous." "Sure…" She cleared her throat. "Do you offer jiballian fudge cake?" "Not jiballian," the waiter replied, "but we do have chocolate fudge cake." "Don't mind if I do. Leonard?" She'd never used his first name before. "Same." He was ashamed to hear his voice crack. The waiter left to get their drinks, and he was acutely aware of the silence around them. They had the room to themselves, as no one in their right mind would want to dine in darkness, and so they weren't bothered by the chatter of other people having dinner. "This is… really nice of you," she said quietly. Her voice came from somewhere in front of him. "No one… no guy has ever done something like this for me before." "What kinda jerk-faces did you go out with?" He hadn't intended for his tone to sound so harsh, nor for this to be their first topic of conversation. He had heaps more topics lined up, and this wasn't one of them. "I've only ever dated one guy." She sounded almost embarrassed. "That was… oh wow, fifteen years ago now. Makes sense though, who'd ever want to go out with the blind girl?" "She says while on a date," McCoy said good-naturedly. He was rewarded by a peal of laughter, and footsteps as the waiter approached with their drinks, then left again. "So what happened there?" He wouldn't deny, now he was curious. "I was fifteen, young and stupid, and I thought it was great that a guy actually wanted to be with me. He was really sweet at first, really charming, but as soon as we… you know, slept together… he stopped being charming and it took a while for my stupid self to realise he wasn't with me because he actually cared about me. He ended it soon after." "That's awful. I'm so sorry." "What about your ex-wife?" He could almost imagine her cheeky grin. "After all, you now know about my fail." He sighed. He hadn't even spoken about this to Kirk, his best friend. "I was in Med School, she was a physical therapist. We were also young and stupid, and married pretty much straight away. We thought we were gonna be together forever, so it didn't matter. And yeah, we had Joanna, and everythin' was good. Then I started gettin' longer shifts at work, and we stopped seein' each other, and when we did see each other she was really cold." He lowered his voice. "I nicknamed her the Ice Queen." Caitlin giggled. "Anyway, this new fella moved into the neighbourhood and when I found out, she said she just couldn't help herself and it was my fault because I wasn't payin' any attention to her or Joanna. Then we divorced, and she shacked up with her new fella. You know the rest." "And I thought my past was bad." She giggled. At least someone could see the humour in it. "Where's your hand?" He thrust it onto the table and felt her fingers. They laced them together. "At least it's over now, and you're here, with us, and you have a great job, and a crew who really cares for you." "Well…" he chuckled, "you got me there. I definitely have the most interestin' job. I've been… writin' an email to Joanna." "Oh?" "Askin' if she'd be willin' to meet with me when I came home. I haven't sent it yet. I was hopin' to get a second pair of eyes first. Would you…?" He hesitated. Was he being too forward? "Sure. I'd love to." At least she couldn't see his blush. The waiter came out with their food and they tucked in, the talk turning to their families. He told her of his father, and she told him of what she remembered about her mother. He was surprised at how easy conversation came to them. He hadn't spoken with such ease to a woman in a long time, at least, not about such personal topics. There was something about Caitlin. Though her life had been wrought with hurt and heartbreak, she always seemed to radiate warmth and joy. It was impossible to not be happy in her presence, and her calmness was also infectious. She was warm and happy. Everything Jocelyn wasn't. They talked about their time in the Academy and he described Kirk's countless escapades to break the rules. She had no stories like that, but she listened. She laughed in the right places and asked for more stories. He didn't really notice how delicious their food was. He ate between stories and his focus was entirely on her raucous laughter. It was challenging, though, to eat in the dark, and he constantly put the cutlery in his mouth without any food on the end. Every time that happened he groaned, and Caitlin laughed. She had no difficulty eating, but this was normal to her. She took delight in someone else making mistakes while eating, but there was nothing malicious about it. She was simply what happiness would look like if it was a person. "I think I've finished my food," he said, "but I'm not game to poke around my plate and find out." "I'm sure there are still some kernels hidden under the bones there." She giggled. "Very funny." He stiffened as something rubbed against his ankle. "Oh, I'm so sorry! I was just stretching." She pulled her ankle back quickly. He knew she was telling the truth. She wasn't the type of girl to feign innocence. It would take all his self-control and willpower to make it through the night. Not because he didn't like her, but because he liked her too much. A traitorous part of him wished for the Vulcan ability to supress emotions, but that would never happen. And he could never let Spock find out about that traitorous thought. Ever. When their dessert came out, they learned it was a double-serving on a single plate. When the waiter left, McCoy felt around the table for his spoon. "Now it's common practice that when a shared dessert comes out, we feed each other," he said. "Is it?" He could tell she was trying to hide her excitement. "I'll go first." He pressed his spoon into the cake and was certain he'd taken a chunk. "Could you, um, lean across the table?" He heart her shift and move in her chair, then he stuck his free hand out in front of him, where it touched her face. She gasped at his touch, and trembled as he traced his fingers down her cheek and to her mouth. He then lifted his other hand and pressed it against her lips. He felt her mouth open, and pushed the spoon in further, where she bit down and took the cake. He withdrew, a little light-headed. "I'll go next, thank you." She plucked the spoon from his grasp and he felt her hand against his face. He recalled the first time she'd done that and closed his eyes. Her fingers trailed a hot line down his face and finally found his lips, then she pushed the spoon against his mouth and he made sure he traced his tongue along her finger as he opened his mouth to eat the cake. He knew she didn't do it on purpose, but touch was a difficult thing. Touch was how she navigated the world, and for many people, touch was a personal, sensual thing. She didn't mean for it to be suggestive, but that's what touch meant to some. A promise for something more. No wonder she'd barely dated. If one finger was enough to drive him wild, he couldn't imagine what it must be like for the billion other less-controlled men out there. They continued like that until the dessert was finished, and by then McCoy was absolutely stuffed. He leant back in his chair and groaned. "That was the best food I've had in forever," he said. Caitlin echoed the sentiment, then he heard her stand. "I don't know about you, but I'd really like to go for a walk to help digest." "Agreed." He stood, found her hand in the darkness, and led her in what he remembered to be the general direction of the exit. He held his other hand out in front of him and found the wall, then trailed it along until he found the door controls. He pressed them, and the door hissed open. "Sweet baby Jesus," he cried, covering his face with his hand. The light was blinding. "You okay?" she asked. "Yeah, just need a second to adjust." He blinked rapidly and pulled the hand away. The room took shape and he saw the maitre'd walking towards them. "How was your meal?" he asked gently. McCoy's mouth flapped like a fish. "Divine, thank you," Caitlin interjected. At least she was there. McCoy didn't have the awareness to think of a compliment. They approached the maitre'd's desk and he pulled out his wallet to pay. He blinked as his eyes adjusted and his mind cleared. "Uh, thanks for sortin' out the room for us. It was real nice." "You are very welcome." The maitre'd smiled. "Have a good night, and I wish you luck for the future." They thanked him again, then stepped out onto the street. The lights had dimmed, as it was Yorktown's version of night, and he glanced up at the stars surrounding them, clearly visible through Yorktown's transparent walls. "I wish you could see this," he murmured. Caitlin linked her arm through his. "I'm sure you do," she said. "Let's walk." They did, strolling through the artificial gravity that anchored them in place. They arrived at the side of Yorktown's river, held together by gravity dampeners, and he saw the Starship ports beneath the water. Somewhere down there, the finishing touches were being made to the Enterprise. "I had a really nice time," Caitlin said. "The fact that you wanted to eat in a dark room, it… it was honestly incredible." "How else was an old fart like me meant to impress you?" "I could think of many ways." His breath caught in his throat. "I deny those allegations. I dunno if you're aware, but I was raised to be a gentleman." "No one raised me to be a lady." She leant against the railing and inhaled. "Do you want to… do this again?" "I'd love to. I'm not a 'wham bam thank you ma'am' kinda guy. I've never dated for the hell of it. I've only ever dated 'cause I saw somethin' serious." "Like boyfriend-girlfriend?" "Boyfriend-girlfriend." A silence passed between them. "Aren't we a little old for boyfriend-girlfriend?" she asked. "It sounds so teenager." "It does, ain't it?" "That said, do you want to be my boyfriend?" "Do I what?" He knew she couldn't see him, but he stared at her anyway. This… drop-dead gorgeous woman wanted to be his girlfriend? Had hell frozen over? Had pigs learned to fly? He glanced up to check that in fact no, pigs hadn't suddenly learnt to fly. "God yes, I would love that, darlin'." "Under one condition." "Name it." "Your nickname for me is darlin'." She grinned. "I'm sorry, it's just really hot when you say that." "Sure thing," he smirked, "darlin'." She shivered. "We should head back. Nyota didn't want me out too late." "We can't disobey her now, can we?" McCoy walked his… girlfriend… back the way they came. They traced the streets to the block where the Enterprise crew resided and reached her door. He held his hand out to knock, then hesitated. "Leonard?" She suddenly smiled. "Are you going to kiss me?" "Maybe." Her hand slid up his arm and both cupped his face. He leant into the touch, and copied her movements, rubbing his thumbs against her soft cheeks. He leant down and hesitantly pressed his lips against hers. So soft. He moaned into the kiss and she wound her arms around his neck, pulling him closer. Their bodies pressed together, and he thought of nothing but how wonderful this moment was. His first kiss in who knows how many years, and it was as incredible as he thought it would be. It took great willpower to pull away, but he did, panting, and rested his forehead against hers. She smiled and pulled one hand back to rub her thumb against his cheek. "So that was amazing," she whispered. "I should go in before you make me want to go back to your place." He would have killed a man if it meant he could take her back to his apartment. But Uhura was no man. He pulled away from her, knocked on the door, and Uhura answered. "Wow, he actually brought you home at a reasonable hour." Uhura grinned and took Caitlin's hand, guiding her inside. She smirked at McCoy. "Nice lipstick." She laughed when his hands flew to his mouth, and shut the door in his face. "I had fun!" Caitlin called through the closed door. "Me too!" he called back. He heard furious giggling behind the door and rolled his eyes. Women. Yet, he still walked back to his apartment with a stupid smile on his face, and once he fell asleep, red lipstick filled his dreams. o.O.o Lexis glanced sideways at Scotty yet again, then quickly turned her attention back to the movie before he noticed. She wrapped her fingers tighter around her mug and sipped her tea. It was meant to increase libido and encourage fertility and this was her third cup that day. It probably wasn't good for her to drink so much, but she couldn't help it. "We don' have ta tonigh' if ye don' wan' ta," Scotty said quietly, not taking his eyes off the movie. "I know there's no' much time, bu' if ye really cannae do it tonigh', I won' make ye." "I'm sorry, I'm just nervous." It was different now that there was actual pressure to do it. The fact that they had to, made her all kinds of nervous. "Lassie, whatever happens, happens." "I do want to! I'm just nervous." She sipped her tea, finished the cup, and put it aside. Scotty sighed, put down his own cup, and wriggled across the couch so he was beside her. "Why don' ye focus on wha' ye can feel." He traced his fingers across her collarbone and rested them against the nape of her neck. She shivered. "How does tha' feel?" "Good," she whispered. He leant forward and pressed his lips against her throat. "An' tha'?" "Good." He pressed a harder kiss to her throat. "Do ye wan' me ta stop?" "No." She was being stupid. A night with Scotty was what she'd wanted for a long time and she'd be stupid to miss her chance. With any luck, it would be the first of many. He kissed her lips now, more fervent, more insistent, and his hands began to wander. Her hands moved of their own accord, slipping beneath his redshirt and moving along his torso. Then she took charge, pushing forward and pinning him beneath her on the couch. Scotty gasped as she yanked his shirt over his head and tossed it aside. She did the same to hers and he ran his hands feverishly over her bare torso. "You're stunnin', lass," he said huskily. She began to move her hips, trying to remember a rhythm from a long time ago, and Scotty writhed beneath her. His hands flew to his pants button and he fumbled with it for a few long moments. "Should we go to the bedroom?" she whispered, leaning down and biting his ear. He groaned. "No, lord no, jus' whatever ye do, don' st-ooop!" He yelped as her tongue made love to his ear, then down to his throat, and down his chest. "Lexis…" "Monty…" She halted and brought herself up so they were face-to-face. "I want this. I want you." "Well lassie, in case ye hadn' noticed, ye go' me." She smiled and bent down to kiss him again. o.O.o Zia woke with a strangled gasp, one hand on her throat and the other fisting the bedsheet. She felt tears streaming down her face and quickly wiped them away with the back of her hand. "T'hy'la?" Spock burst into their bedroom, clad in his Starfleet-issued track-pants, and rushed to her side. "What is the matter?" She gasped for several long moments, her lungs remembering how to work again, and her vision blurred with tears. She scrabbled for a hold on him and found purchase on his upper arms, pulling him against her. Instantly, calming thoughts were transmitted through their mind-meld, and her heartbeat evened, and her breathing regulated. 'Show me,' he whispered. She closed her eyes and opened her emotions to him. He saw her nightmare. He saw her relive those moments of terror, waking alone on the Enterprise with no idea what had happened or where everyone was. Having to deal with her injuries. And there, deeper, the horrors of her past. He saw her relive the Vulcan Hunters. He saw her as a child, cowering with her arms over her face. 'I'm sorry,' she murmured. 'I'm sorry I'm not stronger. I should be over this by now.' She glanced away from him and sighed. He pulled her into his chest and rocked them back and forth. It was a small movement, but the meaning wasn't lost on her. 'You are allowed to feel,' he said. 'Some horrors, we can never truly escape.' His emotions leaked through his words, and she felt loss. His mother. His people. Ambassador Spock. Wounds he fought every day. Wounds only she saw. 'I'm worried that I won't be cleared for active duty,' she admitted. 'These dreams are…' 'Normal.' He pressed a gentle kiss to the top of her head. Her thoughts quietened for a long moment. 'Would you… ever seriously leave the crew?' 'We will outlive them all,' he replied. 'I would only ever leave Starfleet when their age exceeds service requirements.' 'That's fair. We still have a good thirty years then.' 'Indeed.' "Why weren't you in bed?" she asked aloud. She relaxed her grip on Spock and leant against his chest. He traced his fingers in loose circles around her back. "I was thinking of Ambassador Spock," he said. "About his life. About his efforts in building New Vulcan. I feel… I mourn his loss. He was wiser than I and had a much better grasp on being a Vulcan." "Well, he had more practice. It's okay to miss him. I miss him too." Zia pulled back and stroked his psi-points. "He's at peace now, and I'll bet he was glad of it, living as long as he did." Spock leant into her touch. He said nothing, but she felt his spirits rise. "I'm so glad we're Vulcans," she whispered. "Humans can't talk like this." She gasped at his sudden wave of emotion that coursed through him. The fierceness of his love filled her like a pond on a rainy day and she closed her eyes at the sudden sensation. There was no way to put the feelings into words, and they flowed through her unhindered. She started crying again, but this time it wasn't because of nightmares.
Alright, now we are past Beyond and moving into the remainder of their five-year mission. Enjoy! o.O.o Chapter 16 – Female Bonding Session Three years, two months "Here's to the Enterprise." "May her reign be long and fulfilling." "Hear-hear." Clink. Zia sipped her n'gaan and reclined in her seat. The other women around the table sipped their drinks, then Uhura cut the first piece of cheese, placed it on a cracker and ate it. "How nice is this," the Chief Communications Officer said through a mouthful of cheese. Beside her, Caitlin giggled. "So nice. What kind of cheese do we have?" "Brie, some blue and come good-old cheddar," Lexis replied. "You can't beat the originals." "Blue goes so well with red wine." Uhura swirled the wine in her glass and sipped it. "Mmm…" It was their first night off in the month since the Enterprise had been recommissioned. Kirk had almost run his crew ragged, getting them into shape to deal with the great unknown again. So many drills. But it was necessary. "What did you think of yesterday's 'Ah we've been attacked by Klingon's' drill?" Zia asked. "Relevant," Lexis replied. "I'd completely forgotten that we had to contact Security for hull protection, not the Captain." "Why is it always Klingons?" Caitlin asked. "No idea," the other three chorused. "So Caitlin has some exciting news to share," Uhura said, nudging her friend. "Is this about the rumours?" Zia leant forward. "Are you and McCoy really a thing?" "We are." Caitlin flushed. "He's… really nice. I never expected him to be so nice, especially given his reputation." "You're blind," Uhura pointed out, "like hell he'd be mean to you." "Besides, you're really nice and haven't given him a reason to want to hypo the hell out of you." Zia realised what she'd said and blushed. "Has he… hypo'd the hell out of you yet?" Uhura stifled her giggle behind her hands. Caitlin looked mortified. "No! Well, we've… done a bit of exploring, but we aren't there yet. He's really worried about rushing it and messing things up, so we're taking it one step at a time. Why don't we play some pool?" Zia stood, took Caitlin's hand, and led the woman across to the pool table. Uhura and Lexis followed them, the former a little embarrassed about her line of questioning. They each took a pool cue, and Zia pressed the button on the side of the table. Fifteen holographic balls appeared in a triangle on one side of the felt table, while a single white ball rested on one side. Zia then pressed the heat setting, which was one of Scotty's modifications, made precisely so Caitlin could play. "Teams?" Zia asked. At that moment, Kirk's voice came over the speaker. "Attention Enterprise crew, this is Captain Kirk speaking. We are now beginning a pathogen drill, in which a contagious disease has broken free of the Infirmary and spreads through touch. Initiating lockdown protocols." The Rec-room door hissed shut and the keypad turned red. Uhura shrugged. "Fine by me. Now I don't feel guilty for relaxing." "Same." Lexis turned to Zia. "Partners?" "Sure." Zia went first, lowering herself over the table and striking the white ball, which broke the triangle of other balls. None fell into one of the six holes around the table. Then it was Uhura's turn, and she sunk three balls in a row. "That's not fair," Zia said, leaning against the back of a couch and taking a swig of her n'gaan. Uhura poked out her tongue. "I happen to have spent a lot of time in bars playing this. I don't have any brothers, so my dad always took me." Lexis aimed and missed. "Well… next time I'll see if I can't add some of my Engineering charm." She grinned and cut herself some cheese. Caitlin took a bit longer than they did. She hovered her hands over the entire table, using the heat sensors to determine where the balls were. The balls with circles painted into the sides were sources of extreme cold, while the balls without circles were sources of extreme heat. She and Uhura were aiming for heat, so she located all the heat sources, the average distance of each ball to the closest pocket, and struck. And missed. "I think you're our best player here," Zia told Uhura. The CCO bowed slightly and poured herself another glass of wine. That was her second one, Zia noted. She glanced at Lexis. The Takret had only had soft drink, even though they'd grabbed a bottle of scotch for her. Zia took another shot and this time succeeded in sinking a ball, but she missed her second attempt. As they cycled through the turns, Kirk gave instructions to all Security officers to capture a suspect on sub-level thirteen. An instruction the girls knew they could dismiss. "Our Captain surprises me," Lexis said suddenly. "I mean, I heard that he was a huge ladies' man at the Academy, but in the entire time we've been out here, I haven't seen him with anyone." "That's because he has someone," Zia said. She glanced at Uhura and Caitlin. "You remember Jamie, right?" "No way." Uhura gaped. "Are they-?" "Yeah. The whole time we've been out here." "That must suck." Caitlin sighed. "They don't get to see each other, do they?" "She's on Earth, so no. The story is, as I've heard it, he came to her literally right before we left and asked if she wanted to go out when he got back. She said she'd wait for him, and they've been doing a long-distance thing." "Talk about leaving it until the last minute." Uhura shook her head. Behind her, Lexis looked away, a movement only Zia noticed. What was going on with the Engineer? "But yeah," Zia said, "that's why he isn't like his reputation. He's actually in love for the first time and doesn't wanna screw it up." "She's part-Orion," Caitlin whispered. "Ah." Lexis nodded knowingly. "Is she in Starfleet?" "No, actually. We used to work together as waitresses." Zia smiled. "I had to pay my way through Starfleet somehow." "Is she still a waitress?" "She's trying to become a teacher. Primary school, I think." "That's awesome!" Uhura grinned. "Maybe she can help raise the next generation of Starfleet officers. Imagine that, your teacher being with the biggest hero in Starfleet." "That'd be so cool." Caitlin laughed and then squealed. "I got one!" Indeed, she had. Finally, after four tries, she'd managed to sink a ball. "That's great!" Uhura's smile faltered. "It was one of theirs." Caitlin let off a string of French curses. It might have been French. It could have been Xindi. Or Andorian. Zia wasn't a language expert. Learning Vulcan had been hard enough. "That's two goes for me." Zia hefted her cue and lined up her next shot. At that moment, an alarm rang, and the emergency lights flashed red. Zia missed her shot. "Come on, Kirk!" She shook her fist at the flashing lights. "You still have another go," Caitlin said reasonably. Zia ignored the flashing lights and took her second shot, this time successfully sinking a ball. "Score!" She stepped back while Caitlin located all the balls in preparation for her turn. "These alarms are really distracting," she complained. As if on cue, the alarms switched off. "Attention crew, this is your Captain speaking. The threat has been neutralised and we have successfully completed the drill. Thank you for your participation, and enjoy the rest of your day. Kirk out." "About time. I thought that would never end." Uhura downed yet another glass of wine and swayed where she stood. They finished the game a few minutes later, when Lexis sunk the eight-ball accidentally. "Uh, sorry," she said. "I guess that's game over?" "We whooped your asses!" Uhura grinned and pranced over to the seats, plonking down and returning to the cheese. The other women joined her, Caitlin clearly also a bit buzzed, judging by the way she gripped the seat to steady herself. "So, there's something I should tell you all," Lexis said hesitantly. All eyes turned to her, not accusing, but curious. "You're all really good friends. I didn't know it was possible to have female friends like you, but here we are." "It's okay," Zia said softly. "You aren't obligated to tell us." "But tell us anyway." Uhura leant forward and rested her chin on her hands. Lexis laughed. "Well, uh, the thing is… I'm pregnant." "Takret's become infertile when they reach thirty-five," Caitlin said, sounding like she was reciting a medical book. "You turned thirty-five two weeks ago." "Um, yes. I'm currently a month along and there haven't been any complications so far. I just… wanted someone to know." She blushed and smiled sweetly. Suddenly, it all made sense. Her aversion to alcohol, her reaction to 'leaving things until the last minute'. Zia held her hand out. "Congratulations." She smiled as Lexis took her hand. "Who's the father? Did you inseminate?" "Um, Scotty's the father." "Scotty?" Uhura gaped. "Ohmygod it totally makes sense. You two are so cute together!" "You are a couple, right?" Zia had to check. "Yeah, only a couple months. We just sort of… got together and tried a bit and now I'm pregnant." She rested a hand on her belly. "I still plan to serve on the Enterprise. I know it's possible to raise kids on a Starship, and if all else fails I know my parents could take care of the little one for a while." "That sounds like a good plan." Zia squeezed Lexis' hand and noticed the distinct lack of coherence from the other two women. "You okay?" "We're fine." Uhura hiccupped. Beside her, Caitlin giggled and guzzled some wine. "I thought you were the sensible one, Caitlin," Zia sighed. "I can get crunk sometimes." "Crunk?" "Crazy-drunk." "Oh." "I want some chocolate," Uhura announced. "I'll get some chocolate." She crossed the room unsteadily and typed 'chocolate' into the replicator. A bowl of chocolate brownies appeared, and she carried it back over to the group. "A woman after my own heart," Lexis said, taking a brownie. "Zia?" "No thanks. I have stuff to live for." She settled for pouring herself another n'gaan. At Lexis' questioning glance, she elaborated. "Chocolate is like alcohol for Vulcans. We get intoxicated on the stuff." "Oh. Sorry." "No, have some!" Uhura thrust one towards her. "Join us on the dark side of the buzz." "No thanks. I have a shift after this. On the bright side, it means more for you." "True." The trio of non-Vulcans hooked into the chocolate and Zia turned her attention to the cheese. 'I trust your female bonding session is pleasing.' 'Yes, now shush. No boys allowed.' She bit down on a cracker and grinned, sending him several perverse thoughts that would undoubtedly push him from her head. She knew for a fact that he was on the Bridge right now, and to stay attuned to her thoughts would leave him in a right state. "Ohmygod guys, so that cute Betazoid doctor?" Uhura threw her arms out and accidentally smacked both Zia and Caitlin. "Guys, guys, I think he likes me." "You do?" Zia stared at her. She'd known Uhura for a long time and the woman was one of the most observant people on the ship. There was no way she hadn't noticed something like that unless… "So, like, we've been having dinner a lot." Her face lost its faraway look and turned peaceful. "He always asks if I'm okay, and I mean, he's shown me the real him." "He told you about Jaya?" He never told anyone about Jaya. At least, Zia assumed she was talking about Yeto. Unless there was another Betazoid doctor on board? "Yeah. He did my physical last year and he saw me, and I saw him, and I've never felt that close to anyone." "You saw him?" Caitlin frowned. "But wouldn't he be standing in front of you?" "Not that kind! Betazoid's touch you and you can feel what they feel, and they can feel what you feel if they want you to." Uhura shook her head to clear it. "It was really nice. He's really nice. He actually shows you how he's feeling, and he doesn't hide it like Vulcans." "I'm hurt." Zia pressed a hand over her heart in mock-horror. "Not you. Spock. He was always so… logical. I mean, it was hot, but really annoying to a human who can't actually decode that stuff." Zia exchanged a glance with Lexis. She had a feeling that this was something Uhura had repressed for a long time. The CCO continued without noticing them. "But, Yeto, he just… he's so honest. And you'd think that someone like that would be open about liking you, but I have no idea. He's always super-polite and everything, but he never flirts, or-or compliments me or anything. I just don't know. Zia, what d'you think?" "Um." Zia hesitated. "I'm not sure. I mean, I don't know how he acts when he likes someone. He never has, as far as I know. You could always ask him? If he didn't, I'm sure he would be awkward about it." "And be rejected again? No thank you." Uhura turned sullen now and didn't bother going to her wine glass, instead drinking from the bottle. Zia grabbed the bottle. "I think you should stop now." She put the bottle down and held her hand out. "Maybe we should take you to your room." "Probably a good idea." Lexis stifled a yawn behind her hand. "It's getting late." "I've got a shift in half-an-hour," Zia said "Party poopers," Uhura muttered. But she allowed Zia to pull her to her feet, and Lexis took Caitlin. They escorted the ('only a little bit') intoxicated women through the corridors, ignoring the giggling Ensigns they passed, and reached their rooms. Uhura and Caitlin's rooms were right beside each other, and Zia took one room while Lexis took the other. She tugged Uhura's boots off and settled her into bed. "I think, if you took a chance, you might be surprised," the Vulcan said quietly. "Taking a chance is what broke my heart," Uhura murmured. She nuzzled into her pillow. "It's not fair on you, I know." "It wasn't fair on you either." Zia brushed Uhura's hair away from her face. Usually it was the other way around, but in that moment, she felt so much older than Uhura. "I really loved him." "I know." "He really hurt me." "I know." "Why can't it be like Caitlin and Lexis? They both got the guys. And you. You got him." Zia sat beside her. "Nothing about it was easy, let me tell you. I'm sure Caitlin and Lexis could say the same. They've probably had their fair share of what you're feeling." Uhura was silent for so long that Zia was almost certain she was asleep. She stood and left the room. As the door hissed shut, Uhura sighed. "Thank you." o.O.o Zia reached the Bridge in time for her shift and sat next to Spock. Her t'hy'la allowed her the barest of smiles before returning to his PADD, in which he wrote a report about something or other. 'What troubles you?' he asked. Zia shook her head and put on a pair of headphones. 'It's private.' Despite her unwillingness to talk about it, her mind flitted to the conversation she and Uhura had had half-an-hour earlier. She quickly shoved it from her thoughts, but Spock had picked up on it. 'Lieutenant Uhura has nothing to fear,' he said. And a memory played before her eyes, of an injured Spock being supported by Yeto, and the Betazoid in question thinking of a gorgeous dark-skinned woman on the other side of the planet. The vision ended, and she turned her attention to the screen in front of her. "As the humans say," she muttered, "the 'ball is in her court'."
We have in this chapter an emphasis on Chulu (because they're my OTP), a Harry Potter reference (because I couldn't resist), and a cameo from a character who will appear in the spin-off of this series (set post-five-year mission). Enjoy! o.O.o Chapter 17 – I Alvays Liked Pirates Three years, four months "Thoughts on this smell?" Sulu held the chunky pink flower close to Chekov. The young navigator took the flower and sniffed delicately. "It iz nice. Vhat about zis vone?" He handed the flower back and pointed to a blue one on the bench behind Sulu. His boyfriend turned and looked at the flower, and sighed. "That one's sick. Can you see the sap it's leaking?" "Oh. Da." Chekov turned and walked through Sulu's botany lab, examining several of the new specimens Spock's Away Team had picked up that morning on a new M-Class planet they'd found. Sulu glanced at the pink flower in his hands. That wasn't how it was supposed to go. What was meant to happen, is when Chekov touched his nose against the flower to smell it, the petals would peel open to reveal the ring inside. Obviously, pink wasn't the right choice. "You rarely let me into your lab, 'Karu," Chekov said. He touched a tentacled plant and Sulu yelped. "Not that one! I haven't catalogued it yet!" They stood still for a long moment, then Chekov pulled his hand back and cleared his throat. "I zink zis vone iz poisonous," he said. "It started excreting purple goo vhen I touched it." "Come over here, Pasha." Sulu held out his hand and Chekov rushed to his side. "How about I call it 'Venomous Tentacula'." "Zat sounds cool." Chekov smiled sweetly. Well, it looked like he would have to roll with the changes to his ingenious plan. Sulu lifted the pink flower to his nose- BEEP! BEEP! BEEP! The Enterprise's emergency alarm rang, red lights flashed, and both men looked up. "Attention crew, we've fallen under attack from what looks to be a Klingon exploration vessel. This is not a drill. Repeat, this is NOT a drill!" "Didn't ve run zis scenario last month?" Chekov asked. "Yep." They both bolted from the botany lab. o.O.o The ship buckled under impact and Kirk winced. At least the new shields were doing their jobs. Chekov and Sulu raced onto the Bridge, flushed and panting, and quickly pushed aside the terrified Beta-shift crewmembers. "Nice of you to join us!" Kirk shouted. "Fire forward phasers!" "Aye, Keptain!" Kirk kept his gaze on the front viewport and cursed when the Klingon vessel initiated evasive manoeuvres. It was a small vessel, half the size of the Enterprise, but what it lacked up for in size it made up for in speed. It danced around the ship, all the while peppering their shields with torpedo fire. "Scotty, report!" "Shields are down eighty-percent, Captain!" Lieutenant Redcliffe's voice came through the communicator, and he didn't spare a thought as to why. "We're diverting power to protect the Bridge and nacelles!" Of course, given their experience in the nebula not even six months ago, everyone preferred the nacelles to stay attached. The ship shook, and sparks flew from several consoles, singing surprised crewmembers. "Captain, my team is ready for Transport." Crap. He'd forgotten about Spock's science team down on the planet. He hit the comm. "Spock, you're gonna have to hold on! We're under fire here from Klingons." The ship shook again, and Chekov fired back with both phasers and torpedoes while Sulu initiated their own evasive manoeuvres. "Captain, there are Klingon soldiers on the ground and we are now under fire." Kirk heard phaser fire over the transmission and cursed. He didn't need anything else to worry about. "Scotty, I need you to send someone to the Transporter Room and beam up Spock and his group." "Ach, not possible Capt'n," Scotty shouted. Someone yelled in the background of the transmission. "We're slammed down here." "Alright… Chekov, to the Transporter Room. Get our crew." "Aye, Keptain." Chekov returned control to the Beta-shift crewmember and rushed from the Bridge. o.O.o Spock ducked behind a log and glanced around to make sure his Away Team was alright. Zia crouched beside a tall tree, firing rapidly towards the team of approaching Klingons. He heard a cry from somewhere in the Klingon's vicinity and smiled wryly. How he loved her. The two Security officers and the other blueshirt took turns covering each other while retreated to better cover. Spock watched them duck and dive and wondered why they dressed in such obvious colours. Why, green would make it easier to blend in with their surroundings and slip away unseen. Using the three primary colours made sense theoretically, but in reality, they stuck out like a pig in a dress. He shook his head at the metaphor. He'd been spending too much time with McCoy. Zia sent him an image of where the Klingon's were placed, given that she had a much better vantage point. Spock leant around the log, aimed, and fired. And missed. Damn. "Captain, we are about to be overrun," he said into the communicator. He ducked for cover as his position was assailed with enemy fire. "Mister Spock, I hawe you locked on. I need you to be closer to ze rest of zem." "Zia, cover!" Zia resumed her rapid firing and Spock grabbed the case of soil samples and rushed to her side, making sure to duck low. "Rendezvous to me!" he called to the other three. He and Zia then laid cover fire as the other three rushed for their position. "Mister Chekov, as soon as they are in range-" White light overtook them, and a moment later they were on board the ship. Spock exhaled a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. That's when everything went to hell. o.O.o "Lassie, I need ye ta divert power!" "Almost…" Lexis grunted, her fingers flying over the keyboard. "There!" She then grabbed a fire extinguisher and began spraying it at the nearest fire. Several of them had broken out along the Engineering deck, and both Engineering and Security officers rushed around trying to extinguish them all. "Alrigh', looks like the outer corridors have been evacuated." Scotty turned to the emergency console and activated the bulkhead override code. Once entered, bulkheads covered all paths that led to the outer corridors and rooms of the ship, that way surface damage wouldn't get anyone killed. It also added an extra layer of protection to the hull and all the important engine parts inside. But, even as he watched, the walls warped and groaned under the constant strain and several officers lay immobile due to burns. "Lassie, c'mon." He and Lexis rushed through the corridors, hands held over their mouths to combat the smoke, and over to the engines. Several parts of the huge, twisting machines had shorted from the strain and Scotty and Lexis immediately took stock. "I'll find replacements, you keep it together," she said. She ran to the nearest storage room and Scotty unclipped his tricorder and began darting around the machinery, fusing or detaching depending on the severity of the destruction. He was a bit like a doctor, in a way. Stitching things back together. Only for machines, though. If the Captain didn't fend off the Klingon vessel soon, no amount of stitching would repair their brand-new Starship. Bloody hell. Lexis ran over, her arms full of trinkets, and she and Scotty got to work installing the new pieces onto the engines. The ship rocked, the engines spluttered, the lights flickered, and then the engines began to spin faster. Then there was silence. o.O.o McCoy stared as Spock and Zia rushed into the Infirmary, an unconscious Chekov between them. His shoulder bled profusely from what looked like phaser fire. "Good God, man, what happened here?" He helped them lift the unconscious Russian onto an empty bed. He glanced around to ensure no one needed him, as the Infirmary had been essentially overrun by burn victims. Thankfully, Yeto and the nurses seemed to have things well in hand. "Lieutenant Chekov beamed ourselves and three other officers from the planet's surface," Spock explained, "and one of the officers had their finger poised over the trigger of their phaser upon Transport. He was unable to stop himself from pulling the trigger as we arrived, and Chekov was unfortunately in front of him." "Fortunately," McCoy finished examining the wound, "it wasn't any lower, otherwise it would've hit his heart." He grabbed a tube of burn cream and a rubber glove, donned the glove and began rubbing the cream over the red wound. At that point, Chekov woke up and screamed. "Dammit, someone put a hypo in him!" McCoy yelled, pinning down the panicked man. Zia ran across to the medicine cabinet, grabbed a hypo and held it up. "Yeah, that one!" She rushed to Chekov's side, slammed the needle into his neck, and pushed. Chekov struggled for a few moments, then flopped unconscious again. "Remind me never to get on your bad side," McCoy muttered. He returned to tending to the wound and Spock and Zia left the Infirmary. Only after he'd stabilised the Navigator did he realise that the ship had stopped shaking. o.O.o "Sir, we got 'em." Sulu grinned. "Their engines have been disabled and they're dead in the water." "Good." Kirk tapped his comm. "Spock, are you on board?" "Yes, Captain." Spock and Zia walked onto the Bridge, blood on both of their uniforms. "Everyone is safely on board." "Should we offer assistance?" he asked his First Officer. "It would be polite." Not a yes, but not a no. Kirk turned to Uhura. "Open a channel to the Klingon ship." "Yes, sir." There was a moment's silence, then an image appeared in the viewport. Kirk blinked. The Klingon Commander was surprisingly young, and surprising intelligence and determination – no deceit, which surprised Kirk – shone in his eyes. "This is Captain Kirk of the Federation Starship Enterprise," he said. "We've noted that you are dead in the water and are prepared to offer assistance should you want any." "I am Commander Ba'el of the Ravager. Your offer for help is noted, but we will not accept." The young Commander's lip curled. "You may have gotten the better of us this time, but next time we will destroy you." "Cool. Okay, bye." Kirk ended the transmission and turned to Spock. "What's your assessment on their situation?" "As well as their engines, life support is functioning at a minimum capacity and they have expended all their ordinance. I would recommend sending over a dilithium crystal to power their life support, and a small oxygen converter." Kirk relayed the instructions to Scotty, then sat back in his chair. The ship floated aimlessly in space, and a few minutes later his comm blinked. "Capt'n, the items were received, and they have sent back a note in Klingon." "Bring it to the Bridge." Scotty did, and Kirk handed it to Uhura. "Qatlho'," she said. "'I thank you'. Why would they do that?" Kirk reclined in his chair smugly. "This is the Commander's first mission, I could tell. He would've done anything to save his crew, even accept help from us. He just couldn't have his authority undermined by doing it publicly, and they're much too proud for that." He clapped his hands together. "Well, now that that's sorted, let's get into Warp." He tapped his comm. "Scotty, are we ready for Warp?" "Aye Capt'n, the Warp Drive is undamaged an' ready ta go." "Alright, then let's go." The engines hummed, space folded around them, and the stars became lines of light in the viewport. Kirk turned to Spock and Zia. "Do you guys need to go to the Infirmary?" he asked, gestured to the blood on their uniforms. "No, Captain. The blood is not ours." "It's… ah… Chekov's." Zia glanced at Sulu. Everyone noticed him stiffen in his seat. "Last I heard, his condition is stable." "Captain, permission to go to the Infirmary." "Permission granted." Everyone was silent as Sulu crossed the Bridge and the door hissed shut behind him. o.O.o Lexis closed her eyes and exhaled as McCoy ran the scanner over her stomach. Despite being three months along, she wasn't showing any signs of the little one growing inside her. Some days she woke up and went about her duties without remembering she was pregnant. "Well?" Scotty asked, shifting from one foot to the other. "Shh." McCoy lowered his head and closed his eyes, listening. On the scanner beside the bed, a fuzzy image appeared. "Scotty." Lexis held out her hand and Scotty grabbed it. The couple waited anxiously as McCoy made his assessment. "You're okay," he announced. "The baby's fine, though I would recommend not takin' part in any ship disasters from now on. Stress ain't good for you." "We're on the Enterprise," she pointed out. "Disaster is our natural state." McCoy peered at the image closer. "Hold on… make that 'babies', plural." "Wha'?" Scotty gaped. "Ye mean… twins?" "Twins." McCoy nodded. "Strong heartbeats, the both of 'em." He smiled at them. "Congratulations." "Thank you, doctor," Lexis murmured. She gazed at Scotty excitedly and he chuckled and brought her hand to his lips. "Twins…" McCoy pulled the scanner away and began packing up his instruments, then a distraught Hikaru Sulu burst through the doors. "Pasha!?" he yelled. "Quiet!" McCoy hissed. "People are tryin' to sleep here!" "Sorry." Sulu spotted Chekov, lying unmoving on one of the beds, his shoulder wrapped in bandages, and ran over. He shook the man. "Pasha, Pasha, wake up!" "Mmm?" Chekov mumbled sleepily and blinked slowly. "'Karu?" "Oh, thank god. I thought I'd lost you." Sulu kissed the confused man and Chekov responded eagerly. He pulled back. "This wasn't how I wanted it to happen, but I can't wait any longer. Not when…" He took Chekov's hand and knelt at his bedside. Lexis smacked Scotty's arm repeatedly until he grabbed her hand and pushed it away. "'Karu?" Chekov's eyes widened as Sulu pulled a ring from his pocket. "Pasha, I love you with everything in me and I never want to be without you. Would you do this dumb space pirate the honour of marrying him?" Chekov let out a spiel of Russian, then tugged at Sulu's hand. He stood and sat on Chekov's bedside. "Of course, you idiot." A collective 'Awwww' sounded through the Infirmary as Sulu pushed the ring onto Chekov's finger. "Nov kiss me again." This time the kiss was less hurried, and Lexis suddenly had to blink back tears. Scotty bent over and kissed her forehead McCoy grabbed his communicator and sent a quick message to Kirk. A moment later, the Captain's voice sounded over the speakers. "Attention crew, I'd like to announce that Lieutenant's Sulu and Chekov are engaged!" Sulu and Chekov pulled back, surprised, then giggled. "I alvays liked pirates," Chekov whispered.
If the title doesn't give it away, this is the chapter in which Scotty and Lexis' little ones enter the world. I know I glossed over a lot of aspects of the pregnancy, but it's fitting in with the time-jumpy tendencies of this particular story. Plus, I've already covered pregnancy and all that in another one of my fanfics and cbf doing it again. Also, Avengers: Infinity War was playing in the background when I was writing the second half of this chapter, so I blame the weirdness on Marvel. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy this next chapter! o.O.o Chapter 18 – It's Twins! Three years, ten months Zia poured syrup onto her waffles then handed the bottle to Uhura, who copied her movement and then handed the bottle to Lexis. "I've never had waffles before," Lexis said. "Are they nice?" "They can be really sweet. I haven't had them much." Zia cut the corner and popped the piece in her mouth. "Waffles are the best breakfast food." Uhura sipped her coffee. "Who knows, you might like it." Lexis cut a piece, tried it, and made a face. "It's so sweet." "More of a savoury person?" Uhura asked. Lexis nodded. "That's okay, I'll get you something else." She stood, but Lexis shook her head. "I'm not an invalid." She heaved herself to her feet, one hand supporting her swollen belly. "Just because I've got two little terrors in here doesn't mean I can't do things for myself." She waddled across the Mess Hall to the nearest replicator. An Ensign, carrying a tray full of fruit, walked past her and slipped over. The fruit went everywhere. Zia grabbed a waffle and held it in front of her face, deflecting a rogue grape. "Who spilt water?" the Ensign demanded. "Adrian? Was this another one of your damn pranks?" "Not me." Lexis yelped. "Guys!" Zia and Uhura exchanged glances. "Oh, crap." o.O.o Earlier that week, Spock had been part of an Away Team to a Class-M planet in a post-apocalyptic state. The trip had been thankfully uneventful – a far cry from previous missions planetside – and they'd collected several artefacts from the burned surface. He examined one of the objects now, a small square that reminded him of a puzzle cube. He could turn the edges, and with each turn, a new image appeared on each side. The images appeared to be words from the aliens' native language, but he had no clue what was written. He'd given his information to Lieutenant Uhura, who had delegated it to one of her language specialists to decode. He'd been working on this box for three days now, to the point where he wondered if he was obsessed. At that point, he'd taken a break, eaten some food, spent the night in Zia's quarters, and then returned to it with a fresh mind. It was, quite frankly, driving him insane. He examined some of the other artefacts, in the event that one was a key, but found nothing. He poured himself a glass of water and leant back in his chair. Perhaps it was time to pass the job onto someone else. Then, without warning, the box began to glow. He put down his glass of water and leant close. The images on the side formed a shape – some kind of four-legged creature – and the glow shot into the wall. Spock donned a pair of gloves and carefully picked up the object. He turned the edges, but no images came. It seemed dead. "Captain." He activated his comm. "I believe the ship is in danger." o.O.o Lexis whimpered as Uhura and Zia supported her through the corridors. Both Vulcan and human groaned under her weight but couldn't give up. The Infirmary was so close… "MCCOY!" Uhura shouted. The Infirmary door hissed open and McCoy wandered out. "What-" He broke off and stared at the Takret. "Oh." "Yeah, oh. Help us!" Uhura snapped. The doctor rushed forward and replaced Uhura, working with Zia to get the Takret into the Infirmary. Just as they crossed the threshold, Lexis tensed and screamed. "OHMYGOD OH SWEET JESUS IT HURTS!" she wailed. McCoy and Zia buckled under the weight but somehow managed to drag her across the Infirmary and into the operating theatre, Uhura trailing behind them. "On three," McCoy grunted. "One, two, three." Together, they heaved Lexis onto the operating bed and settled her down. Her head dropped back and she began to control her breathing. "Just like I taught you," McCoy said. "You can do this." "It h-hurts," Lexis whimpered. At that moment, all lights switched off. "That's jus' typical," McCoy groaned. o.O.o "What did you say it was?" "A glowing light, Captain. An energy source of some kind." Kirk and Spock speed-walked through the Enterprise's corridors, torches out, and reached the Engineering deck. "Do we have any idea how serious the damage is?" "I cannot say. It seems localised to ship systems only, as I still retain function to my PADD, tricorder and comm." They reached the door to the Engineering deck and Kirk pulled the manual release. He and Spock then grabbed both halves of the door and tugged it open. With the manual release pulled, opening the doors only required a bit of strength. "Capt'n," Scotty said, approaching them with PADD in hand, "I haven' located where our mystery friend has been hidin'. There's a lotta ship ta cover an' we've only got our tricorders." "I would recommend somewhere within the power distribution systems," Spock said. "If it was able to cut power to all electronics, that is the logical choice." "Do we still have life support?" Kirk asked the Engineer. "Aye, sir. For now. Tha' system is very well-protected against any viruses tha' migh' wanna attack it." "Fascinating." Spock walked across the suspension bridge that separated both halves of Engineering and found himself in front of the life support systems. He set his tricorder to scan, linked it with his PADD, and tested the system. "It is currently attempting to disable the life support system," he said. "Disable that and kill us," Kirk muttered, following in his First Officer's footsteps. "Good thinking, Spock." "Aye, if I can piggyback the signal, I migh' be able ta locate where it's hiding." Scotty took the PADD and typed in a line of code. At that moment, Uhura burst into the deck and her gaze settled on Scotty. "Scotty!" she called. "It's Lexis! She's in labour!" Scotty dropped the PADD and rushed towards her. "Scotty!" Kirk yelled. "The ship!" "I'm no' gonna miss becomin' a father, Capt'n!" Scotty disappeared behind Uhura and then Kirk turned to Spock. "Please tell me you can fix this." "I believe so." Spock picked up the PADD and scanned the lines of code. "I see where Mister Scott was going with this. It may take time, but I will isolate it." "Get to it." Kirk fiddled with his comm, expanding the signal to include the entire ship. "We're dead in the water." o.O.o Scotty rushed through the corridors, eyes on Uhura's swinging hair. His rational mind was regretful at shirking his duty to his Captain, but the emotional mind overrode everything. He was going to be a father. It was something he never thought would happen. He was pushing fifty in a crew where most people were no older than thirty-five, and pretty much all of his past girlfriends had dumped him because he loved machines more than them. He'd reconciled the fact that he wouldn't get his chance to continue the Scott line, and that was that. Then Lexis stepped into his life, one of the most brilliant women he'd ever had the pleasure of knowing, and she asked for his help. She asked him to walk a path that he never thought he would walk, and by whatever deity was listening, he had never been happier to walk that path. Now he had a girlfriend, and she was pregnant with his children. His. He was going to be a father and share everything he'd learnt with his little ones. He and Lexis would be parents together, and, when they returned back to Earth, the first thing he would do would be to go to Scotland and retrieve his grandmother's wedding ring. Neither of them had told their families about each other, or the pregnancy. It was going to be an interesting trip home. He burst into the Infirmary and followed Uhura to the operating theatre. He heard Lexis – though he couldn't see her – and a scrub-clad McCoy stood in front of the door. "Scrubs on," he said, holding out two sets. Scotty and Uhura pulled on the scrubs and only then were they allowed into the room. It was lit by a collection of torches dotted around the room and a few candles. Zia stood beside the bed, dressed in a pair of scrubs, holding Lexis' hand. Scotty's girlfriend was a mess of sweat on the bed and her stomach rippled. "Scotty!" She held out her hand and he took it. Only to regret it as she crushed his fingers. "I'm here, lassie," he said. "Ye ain't alone." McCoy appeared on her other side. "I've never helped deliver a Takret kid before, but I think it's a much quicker process than humans. She's already halfway dilated and it's been thirty minutes. Human females can take up to seventy-two hours the first time." "I couldn't handle seventy-two hours of this," Lexis groaned. "No warning contractions, no nothing." "That's probably a Takret thing. Interestin'." "Worry abou' tha' later, eh?" Scotty turned his attention to Lexis and pushed her hair away from her face. "You'll be alrigh', lass, I love ye, an' I'm no' goin' anywhere." "You-you love me?" She gave him a pained smile. "Aye. I love ye." He kissed the back of her hand, wincing from the pain of his fingers being pushed together. Their eyes met, and, beneath the pain, he saw the depth of her feelings for him. Suddenly, the pregnancy wasn't a matter of circumstance. It wasn't because it was their last chance. It was because… they could be a family. "I love you too," she whispered. Then her face screwed up from the pain. McCoy pulled a hypo of painkillers from the operating tray and held it up. "I don't have any reason for these not to work," he said, "but there's always a chance of a side-effect. D'you want painkillers?" "What kind-kind of side-effects?" she panted. "It could hurt you or the babies," he admitted. Scotty bit his lip. He wanted to shout that no, they didn't want anything that could hurt their babies, but it wasn't his place. "No. I don't wanna risk it." "Alright. Au natural." McCoy put the hypo down and ventured beneath her hospital gown with a torch. "Ten centimetres. Almost there." o.O.o "I have located it, Captain," Spock said. "The main body is hidden within our impulse drive, and the rest within communications and power supply." At that moment, the ship creaked. "Captain, it is preparing to eject the Warp Core." Spock's voice rose in pitch and he frantically typed in a line of code. "I cannot stop it through this." "We'll have to do it manually." Kirk rushed to the nearest maintenance hatch. "Pull up a schematic and guide me to the manual override." "Yes, Captain." He watched Kirk disappear through the hatch and did as he was told. "Make the next right. Right again. Left. Straight. Continue. Now it should be a red release valve to your right." "There's a yellow one to my right. The red one is to the left." The ship creaked ominously. Spock did something that few males in the universe knew how to do – he read the instructions. "It remains the red one." "Got it." Over the comm, he heard the hiss as Kirk pulled the valve. "Alright, done." "You are remarkably close to the communications system, Captain. I would suggest cutting all access to the system, as it would either kill the virus or forcefully remove it. The least amount of systems it can infect, the greater our chances." 'Have you tried a full-systems-override?' Zia's voice came as a surprise. 'If you reboot the primary systems, the secondary systems will automatically follow and then you'll be able to isolate the virus into a detached module.' 'That is… an excellent idea.' "Captain," Spock said into his communicator, "Lieutenant Abbott has suggested a full-systems-override. This will reboot the primary, and subsequently secondary systems, and will enable us to isolate the virus." "That's genius! How do I do that?" "Listen to me very carefully." o.O.o By lamplight, McCoy crouched between Lexis' legs while the woman panted and writhed. Uhura ran into the room with a fresh bowl of water and Zia soaked a towel into the liquid and patted it across the Takret's forehead. Scotty alternated between stroking her hand and kissing the back of it, all the while whispering sweet words of encouragement. "After this, we'll go ta dinner. Jus' the three o' us." "Four of you," Uhura corrected. Scotty flushed. "Aye, four." He glanced at his girlfriend worriedly. "I'm sorry." "It's fi-ine." She wheezed and tightened her grip on his hand. He had no idea where she was pulling this extra strength from. Then again, she did get a bit rough sometimes in the bedroom, before her belly became too big. He smirked as he remembered those times, when she pretty much tossed him across the bed and prowled towards him. The lust in her eyes, the need, was just… Scotty shifted and readjusted his pants. He couldn't afford to be thinking of her like that, not now. When Zia pulled the towel away to soak it again, he pressed a gentle kiss to her forehead. "Ye can do this, lassie. How're ye feelin'?" "Like someone's practicing kick-boxing in my belly." She switched her gaze to McCoy, still hovering between her legs. Scotty knew it was stupid to be annoyed at the doctor for going down there. He was a doctor. It was a job. Plus, he had a girlfriend. He didn't have anything but a professional interest in Lexis'… lady parts. So, Scotty's annoyance was, as Spock would say, 'illogical'. Still, another man had his face between Lexis' legs, and was it truly wrong for a spike of anger to shoot through him? "How much longer?" she said through gritted teeth. "Twelve centimetres," McCoy replied. "Just about there." "Can't wait." She grimaced, and tears began to flow down her cheeks. "Scotty, it hurts." "Not much longer," Uhura said soothingly. She glanced at McCoy. "Anything I can do?" "Find me a thermometer," he said, "and more light. I can't work like this." o.O.o "Override initiated." Spock's Vulcan ears detected a slight hiss as the life support deactivated. He knew the rest of the ship would likely be in a panic, as they hadn't had time to inform every one of the situation. It was imperative they solved this issue as quickly as possible before permanent damage was done. Spock turned his attention to his PADD, still attuned to the ship's systems, and spotted an anomaly heading for one of the only sources of power – somewhere in crew quarters. "Captain, the virus is in crew quarters. I theorise it has moved to a personal device that has been left to recharge." "Well unplug it!" Spock darted across the suspension bridge, through the open doors and down several corridors, following the map on his PADD. He ran past several confused crewmembers and had to enlist their help to open several doors between him and his destination. "Spock, you've only got one minute before everything starts back up again." "I know." Spock gritted his teeth and reached the relevant quarters, two Security officers trailing behind him. They helped him tug open the door, revealing two half-undressed Ensigns. They shrieked at the interruption and pulled a blanket over themselves. "What are you doing?" the girl cried. "Do you have a device plugged into the ship?" Spock demanded. She pointed to her desk, where a PADD laid. Spock leapt across the room and pulled it free from the plug. Two seconds later, he heard another hiss as the life support reactivated. That was when a blue light appeared on the screen of the PADD, travelled across it and buried itself into Spock's arm. o.O.o Zia yelped and pressed her hands to her head. "Zia?" Uhura grabbed her shoulder. "It feels like someone's hacking away at me with a knife," she gasped. She ground her palms against her forehead and whimpered. Lexis, no longer lying on the operation table, did the same. She'd had trouble pushing while on her back, so McCoy had grabbed all the pillows in the Infirmary and used them to make a ball of softness, which Lexis lay face-first against. "The natural gravity of this position should make it easier," he said. Lexis buried her face into the pillows and cried, while McCoy and Scotty crouched behind her, ready for any signs of a head. "What's going on?" Uhura frowned at her friend. Zia inhaled, closed her eyes, and sent her thoughts to Spock. Only to have them rebounded back on her. "Something's wrong. I need to focus." A difficult feat, with the noise in the operating room. Zia fled the room and sat cross-legged outside. It was quieter here. She inhaled again, closed her eyes and reached out her mind. o.O.o Limbo. A black limbo. Spock glanced around. He'd always thought that floating in infinite blackness would be dull, at the very least. Terrifying, at the most. Yet, this was neither. "Where am I?" he asked. His voice echoed through the space. An entity materialised before him. It was easily twice his size, but cloaked, preventing him from seeing identifying features. "Thank you," the entity hissed. "You have freed us." "Us?" "Your ship will become the new birthplace of our civilisation! A new order reborn from the ashes of yours!" "That will not happen." Red lightning exploded from the entity's palms and struck Spock, sending sharp pains through each molecule of his form. He fought to keep his astral expression neutral, despite the pain, and that seemed to infuriate the figure. "You will pay for your insolence with your life." A slight pressure appeared in the back of Spock's mind. A comforting pressure. Like a warm summer's day. The pressure grew, white replacing the red, and it culminated into a flash that almost blinded Spock. Zia sat cross-legged in front of him, wearing the pretty white dress she'd worn the day he met her parents. Spock's breath caught in his throat. She radiated white light. "Hello, gorgeous." She smiled sweetly. Warmth filled Spock and, glancing down, his hands glowed blue. "So, who's this loser?" "This is the virus which has attacked our ship." "The one that cut the power?" "Yes." They stared at the cloaked entity. Red lightning crackled at its fingertips. "I think that together, we're more of a match for you." Zia stood and folded her arms. "You messed with the wrong Vulcans." "I will DESTROY YOU!" It struck, but Spock envisioned a shield of warmth around him. The attack bounced harmlessly against the shield and Spock retaliated with an astral strike of his own. Suddenly, all the Keethara he had studied through his life made sense. It was for situations such as this. Together, he and Zia turned their countless meditation practices to good use. They pushed the entity to the edge of limbo, where it continued to frantically block their attacks. "What, weren't expecting that, were you?" Zia smirked. Her dress fluttered around her knees. "This is one ship you will not be possessing." Spock loaded a circle of blue light within his palm. "Now, we will destroy you and your presence will no longer remain in my body." He glanced at Zia. "Taluhk Nash-veh k'dular." "I cherish you too. Let's finish this punk." His beam of blue light, and her beam of white light cut through the entity. It tried to resist, but they were stronger. It roared, then turned to dust. o.O.o Zia's eyes snapped open. She leapt to her feet and rushed back into the operating room. "What'd I miss?" she asked. "Push!" McCoy yelled. Lexis screamed, and Zia saw a tuft of brown appear between her legs. McCoy and Scotty both held towels, and McCoy held his underneath her. Lexis wailed, her entire body tensing as the tuft of brown grew bigger. As Zia watched, blood trickled from between her legs and dripped onto the ground. Uhura suddenly appeared beside Zia and gripped her hand. "I feel like I should look away, but I can't," Uhura whispered. Zia nodded, but said nothing. "A little more!" Scotty cried. Lexis groaned, then roared. In one swift moment, a tiny body slid free from below her. McCoy caught it expertly, cut the placenta and wrapped it in the towel, then handed it to Scotty and put the next towel underneath. The second one came out quicker, and then she gave one final heave for the afterbirth. Blood and weird-looking sacs coated the ground beneath her and she slumped against the pillows. Then the power came back on and they all groaned at the bright light. "That's jus' typical," McCoy grumbled. He held the second-born and examined it. "It's a boy." Scotty looked at his first-born. "It's a girl." He looked at McCoy, tears in his eyes. "I have… kids." "Uhura." McCoy held out the baby and Uhura obediently took it. "Abbott, I need you to help me get her onto the bed." Zia took one arm, while McCoy took another, and together they hefted the panting woman onto the operating table. She collapsed on the surface, eyes closed, sweat coating every inch of her. "Is it…?" She opened one eye blearily. "It's over." McCoy beckoned Scotty and Uhura. "Lexis, meet your children." As if on cue, both babies began wailing. She held out her arms and Uhura handed her the little boy, who was still coated in blood. She smiled softly. McCoy switched on the scanner and immediately began checking Lexis' vitals. Once he'd done those, he moved onto the babies. "Congratulations guys," Zia said, smiling, "but I have to go investigate the blackout. I'll be back to check in!" "Thanks." Lexis and Scotty smiled warmly. Zia rushed from the Infirmary, shedding her scrubs, and used her link with Spock to find him, halfway towards Engineering. "Spock!" She came level with him, panting lightly. "What was all that about?" "A virus from our most recent mission infected the ship with the intent of destroying us all and using the ship to rebuild the species of its planet of origin." He continued walking and she followed. "Why was it in you?" "It possessed the ability to not only possess mechanical objects, but also organic ones. It came into contact with me and sought to overtake my body." He allowed a smirk. "It did not anticipate the strength of the Vulcan mind." "I doubt it even knew what a Vulcan was." They reached Engineering and Zia frowned at the doors. "Were those always like that?" "No. Captain Kirk and I used the manual override to open them." He strolled right in and crossed the suspension bridge, coming to a stop in front of a maintenance hatch. "Captain!" he called. "Almost there." Kirk's voice echoed through the hatch. He appeared a minute later, his chest splattered with what looked like oil. "The damn ship peed on me," he grumbled. He clambered out of the hatch and stretched. "It was really cramped in there. Did we get it?" "We did." "Actually, Captain, I think Spock should go to the Infirmary," Zia said. "Just in case. The virus infected him, and I'd rather be safe than sorry." "That is logical." Spock turned to Kirk. "May I have permission?" "Of course." Kirk glared at the oil on his chest. "I'll get Keenser to run a full-systems diagnostic – make sure nothing's hiding anywhere. Once you're cleared, I want your report." "Yes, Captain," the Vulcans chorused. Hours later, Spock and Zia reclined in Spock's office, having just been cleared by the Medical staff. Spock's cells had shown traces of the alien virus, but even as Yeto looked at the sample, Spock's cells were destroying the foreign ones. They stayed in the Infirmary for an hour until his body was clear, and then decided to get stuck into the report. "Was that normal?" Zia asked. "Fighting that thing in our heads?" "No. Vulcan meditation is used to strengthen the mind in order to control our emotions, but also to prevents invasions such as that. Our minds are more susceptible to outside influences, and so we must train to prevent such influences from taking hold." "Makes sense. I honestly thought that stuff just happened in movies." "It was my first time experiencing invasion such as that, and I have no desire to experience it again." "I don't know, it was kinda fun." She took his hand. "So, shall we get started?" "Yes." Spock squeezed her hand, then turned to his computer. o.O.o Lexis lowered the girl from her breast and winced. She hadn't anticipated the sensitivity. McCoy had cleared the three of them medically, then taken the babies to be washed. Scotty helped Lexis clean up, then took her to a private room and waited with her until the doctor brought back their two little bundles, one in blue and the other in yellow. He handled them with surprising care, giving one to Scotty and the other to Lexis. They started wailing not long after, so Lexis fed them. That seemed to ease their cries. "They have yer marks," Scotty murmured, lying next to her with one arm wrapped around her sensitive belly. Indeed, both children sported the curved marks on their cheeks that signified their Takret half. "They have your hair." She yawned. Indeed, both children had flaming red hair. It had been brown upon birth, but after a wash, it had turned the colour of fire. The room they were in had been specifically designed for Lexis. The bed was large, with two cots to one side, and the lights were dim. Scotty took both children and laid them in their cots to sleep. "Wha' should we call 'em?" he asked, settling down beside her. "We never settled on any names." "I liked Clifford. Like your grandfather." "Aye." He sighed. "God rest his soul. Do ye really like Clifford?" "Cliff for short." She took his hand tiredly. "I like it." "Why don' we name our girl after yer grandma?" Lexis frowned, trying to think of how to translate her grandmother's name into Standard. She'd never met the woman, but her mother talked of her often. "I think… Shintai? That would be the most accurate translation." "Tai for short." Scotty glanced over at their children. "I cannae believe we're parents." "I can't either." She closed her eyes. "I'm really tired." Scotty settled into a comfortable position and nestled his face into the crook of her neck. She sighed, a small smile crossing her face. She tuned out the beeping of her monitor and eventually fell asleep to the soft breaths of Scotty and their two miracles.
This chapter was inspired by Predators, and an alien species I created for one of my original works. We also have some Uhura love because after all the crap Spock put her through, she totally deserves it. When I created Yeto, I never intended for him to be paired with anyone, but it happened naturally, as with Jamie. Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy this chapter! o.O.o Chapter 19 – The Ilu'ten Four years, four months Zia awoke in darkness. Her face was pressed against something both hard and soft and it smelt like… dirt? She became aware of her body, sprawled across the dirt, and slowly wiggled her fingers. Then her toes. Then moved her hands beside her torso and pushed her body from the ground. It peeled away like wrapping paper and she raised one hand and rubbed the dirt from her face. She was in a cave with metal bars covering the entrance. The walls looked to be hard rock and- "Uhura!" She limped to the other side of their cell, pain hammering her left leg. Uhura lay motionless, her skin pale and redshirt covered in filth. Zia knelt beside her and followed protocol, checking her pulse and heartbeat and examining her pupil responsiveness. She then pinched Uhura's nostrils between her fingers, pressed their mouths together, and puffed air into the other woman's mouth. "Mm!" Uhura jerked into consciousness and coughed. Zia pulled away. "What's going on? Were you… kissing me?" "I was enacting emergency procedures." Zia wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, smearing dirt across her face. "As for what's going on, I don't know. What do you remember?" Uhura frowned. "We were with the Ilu'ten. They wanted to show us their world." Zia remembered now. Beings much taller than them with long, sticky, prehensile hair and four arms, one set smaller than the other. They had spindly legs, flat skin where the mouth usually was, and a divot in their throat through which they spoke using a series of clicks. "They did say they were a planet at war." She remembered the translation of their message. "One half embraces science, while the other half loathes it." "The scientists wanted to use us to prove that there is other life out there that justifies their need for space travel." Uhura sat up and wrapped her arms around her knees. "But what happened?" Zia closed her eyes and cast her mind back. "An attack. On us. An ambush on our way back to the shuttle." She remembered reaching for Spock. "I'll try and find Spock. I need silence." She sat cross-legged and prepared to meditate, but crushing footsteps broke her concentration. An Ilu'ten, darker than the ones who'd greeted the Enterprise crew (from what Zia could make out through the dim light), unlocked the cell door and stepped through. Both Zia and Uhura fell into ready stances. Two more of the beasts appeared behind the first one, and the women lost their will to fight. "We should at least see what they want," Uhura whispered. They allowed the Ilu'ten to lead them from the cell and through a series of dim corridors. Zia noticed a change in the air. Dampness. Several smaller tunnels led off the main one. She heard water dripping somewhere close by. Interesting. They stepped away from dirt and onto a metal floor. Their Starfleet-issued boots made little sound on the metal, while the Ilu'ten pounded along without a care in the world. They passed several closed doors and craned their neck at each one, trying to see something, anything that would give them an edge over their captors. They saw none and reached their destination. A lab, with multiple tables filled with a plethora of strange artefacts and countless glass jars filling shelves on the walls. More Ilu'ten waited there and they guided the women to separate tables. "Zia…" Uhura frowned. "I don't think-" She yelped as two Ilu'ten grabbed her arms and hauled her onto an empty table. They did the same with Zia and she relaxed and allowed it to happen. "Just relax," she said. "Let them think we're not a threat." Uhura ceased struggling and laid on the table. The biggest Ilu'ten held what could be a scanner over her, while another did the same to Zia. They clicked to each other, crossing the room and gesturing to their devices. "As soon as they take us back to our cell, I'll contact Spock," Zia said. One of the Ilu'ten struck her and she fell silent, cheek stinging. She wanted to fight. She wanted nothing more. However, it wasn't the wisest course of action. They knew nothing about Ilu'ten biology, or the facility. They didn't know how many there were, or where the exits were, what their weapons were like, or where to go if they did reach the surface. At the very least, the hint of a plan was making itself known in Zia's mind. Then a Ilu'ten approached carrying two syringes filled with neon green liquid. The needles were larger than any Zia had seen. Ilu'ten skin must be thick to need needles such as that. They pinned both her and Uhura against the tables, and Uhura screamed as the needle was inserted into her neck. Zia froze, her breath quickening as sharp pain tore across her neck. She kept her mouth closed and screamed into the space, her closed lips muffling the sound. She'd experienced many painful things in her life, but this was something else entirely. She felt her body stiffen as the neon liquid entered her body. Her mind fogged, grey tinging the edges of her vision. It would be so easy to sleep… Uhura moaned on the table, then fell silent. Zia's heartrate spiked. She had to act fast. She envisioned an egg of light surrounding her, and though green slime worked at her shield, she pushed it back. She closed her eyes and exhaled, allowing her mind full control. For a long moment, her body didn't matter. All that mattered was the neon green and expelling it from her body. She pushed it down her body, away from her neck and down through her stomach. Sweat beaded her skin and she felt the Ilu'ten bending over her. No, she couldn't think of that. She had to focus. Her blood worked in time with her mind, her body control so sharp that it responded. She expanded her shield and envisioned no pain. This next one would hurt. She unstitched a line of cells in her stomach, allowing the neon to rush inside. Sharp pain stabbed her middle as the neon filled her. How she wanted to vomit right now. But she couldn't. Not yet. Her body shook as she stitched the cells back together, locking the neon inside her stomach and away from her bloodstream. Then she reached exhaustion and the world went black. o.O.o Zia awoke in darkness. She slowly pushed herself up and her stomach churned. Once she'd drawn herself to her hands and knees, she contracted her stomach and retched. Neon streamed through her mouth and coated the floor. She spat the final mouthful, nausea making her head swim, and reeled back from the puddle of neon. She slipped off the table and hit the ground. Hard. Pain flared in her tailbone and she fell onto her back and groaned. Not only did her stomach shoot pain when she moved, but how her hips ached, and her head and stomach swam. Wonderful. She gripped the edges of the table and shakily pulled herself to her feet. Her legs wobbled, and she looked away from the neon that covered the other half of the table. Uhura lay on another table, eyes open and aimed at the ceiling. Zia approached her on shaky legs and checked her pulse and breath. That seemed fine. "Uhura," she whispered. "Nyota." No response. She shook her. "Uhura." Still no response. Zia hesitated. She didn't know what that liquid was, but it couldn't be anything good. She glanced at the door. The Ilu'ten had left them alone, so perhaps it was some kind of paralysis drug? Obviously, they didn't think that they had to worry about their prisoners escaping. There was one way to find out what the liquid was. Zia splayed her fingers over Uhura's psi-points. "Hopefully you'll thank me for this," she whispered. "My mind to your mind…" She saw a pool of neon green surrounding a suspended cage. Inside that cage, Uhura crouched. She shook the bars and screamed incomprehensible words, but she was there. Trapped. Zia pulled away from Uhura's mind and slung an arm over her shoulder, hefting the woman off the table. Uhura sagged against her and Zia's legs buckled under the weight. It would be so easy to give up and rest – both a mental and physical toll had been exacted from her – but Uhura was counting on her. She gritted her teeth and dragged the unresponsive woman across the room. She shifted her hold, using her free hand to work the doorhandle, and pushed the door open. It seemed that the entire facility was experiencing their version of night-time. All the lights were dim, and the corridors were empty. Zia tugged Uhura up the corridor they'd come through, and then found herself on dirt. This was a good sign. She kept grunting to a minimum and tears streamed down her face as she pushed her body to the absolute limit. Everything ached. Why did it always happen to her? "Why can't you just walk for me?" she panted. Immediately, Uhura pulled away and began walking. Zia pressed her hands to her thighs and stared. Uhura continued walking in a straight line and hit the dirt wall. She then continued to walk in the same direction, pressing her body against the wall. "Stop!" Uhura stopped. "Answer me: does the liquid make you receptive to suggestions?" "Correct." It was Uhura's voice, but there was something not quite right about it. Zia swallowed and stood. "Follow me." It was much easier now, sneaking down the dirt tunnel with Uhura walking behind her. She suddenly stopped, Uhura stopping behind her, and listened. There. Water. She turned down a tunnel to their left and Uhura followed. The tunnel walls became progressively damper, and the sound of water louder, until they reached an underground stream. The water moved at a steady pace and Zia knelt beside it and tasted it. "Exactly like water at home." She dipped her legs into the water and her body followed. She had to grip the edge of the dirt ledge to keep herself from being carried away. "Get in." Uhura climbed in next to her and promptly sank. Zia took a deep breath and ducked under the water, looping her arms underneath Uhura's and pulling her to the surface. She floated on her back, holding Uhura's head above the water, and kicked her legs lazily. The water carried them away from the cave and Zia noted that it felt more downhill than anything. Her body strained to keep Uhura's head above the water, and she wanted to issue an instruction, but there were too many unknowns. What if they had to suddenly duck underneath? What if the terrain changed? No, best to keep her hold on the CCO. Up ahead, the ceiling dipped and came level with the water. "Take a deep breath and hold it." Both she and Uhura sucked in breaths, then Zia stopped kicking and their bodies dropped below the surface. Her butt bounced across something hard and she winced, a few precious bubbles escaping her mouth. That would leave a bruise. She raised one hand and her fingertips trailed along the low ceiling. There still wasn't enough space for them to breathe. It was probably dangerous, touching the ceiling like that – there could be leeches or something that would bite her fingers off – but she had to risk it. The need to breathe increased, and her hand trailed above the water. She kicked, the pair bursting into a pocket of air. "Breathe," she gasped. Uhura did. The ceiling dipped again. "Take a deep breath and hold it." That was how it went for what felt like forever. The water led them on a downwards incline, the pockets of air brief but welcome, and exhaustion seeped into her bones. Surely they had to emerge at some point. And they did, though it wasn't how Zia had imagined it. o.O.o "Capt'n, I've found their transmitters!" Scotty raced over and shoved his PADD in front of Kirk's face. "They're on the move." Kirk ignored Spock's sharp glance and handed the PADD to B'tan, head of the Ilu'ten High Council. "Where is this?" B'tan clicked as he examined the signal. He tapped a device on one of his four wrists and a map of the planet's surface appeared as a hologram. B'tan examined both, then pointed to a mountain that toed the border between the two factions. "Here." His voice came out gravelly through the universal translator, but it was better than nothing. "Looks like they're on the move," McCoy said. "We will go." B'tan marched off and the four crewmembers raced after him. "Are we taking your ship?" Kirk asked. "Yes." They reached the Ilu'ten hangar bay and were greeted with a plethora of ships to choose from. B'tan went to a small, arrow-shaped ship and clambered inside. "Are we gonna get the guys who did this?" McCoy asked. He, Kirk, Spock and Scotty took seats in the cockpit and watched B'tan power up the ship. The Ilu'ten clicked into his watch and all around them, other ships began powering up. "Affirmative," Spock muttered. o.O.o Zia flailed as her body hit empty air. She stared downwards and nearly threw up again. "Hold your breath! Arms and legs together like a pin!" she screamed, doing as she said. Falling beside her, Uhura copied. They fell further, and the roar of the waterfall drowned out any more words. Zia hit the water hard, the water smashing against her ears and filling her mouth and nose. She kicked her way to the surface, coughing the excess, then glanced around. "Uhura!" She dove beneath the water and saw a flash of red amidst the churning liquid. Her muscles recalled the hours spent in water during her youth, and automatically propelled her towards the red. She grabbed Uhura and, for the second time, hauled her above the water. "Breathe!" she shouted. She rolled onto her back and began frog-kicking across the water. Above her, she couldn't tell which tunnel they'd come out of. It looked like several tunnels of water met at that one point and formed the huge waterfall. She looked further. The mountain was immense. Bigger than any she'd seen on Earth. She turned her attention away from above them and kicked her way to the closest shore. There was no sand, like she'd hoped, but thick mud. She reached the mud and collapsed, groaning. "Follow me," she moaned. She dragged herself to her feet and worked her way through the sticky mud. It clung to her body and sucked at her boots, making each step a Herculean effort. Uhura followed obediently, occasionally stumbling and falling, but she pulled herself to her feet and followed the Vulcan. They reached solid rock and Zia sunk onto it gratefully. Uhura waited patiently behind her. "Sit down." Uhura did. Zia crossed her legs and closed her eyes. She had to at least try. 'Spock?' His presence burst into her mind suddenly, making her wince. 'Zia! We are approaching. Look up.' She opened her eyes and looked up. An arrow-shaped ship flew ahead of an armada, and the arrow-shaped one flew low to land near them, while the armada let hell rain onto the mountain. o.O.o Uhura opened her eyes slowly. Her body felt like a dwarf had been using it for tap-dancing practice. She groaned and froze as a familiar face filled her vision. "Hey," Yeto said softly. He took her hand and her body was filled with peaceful thoughts. Her heartrate and breathing calmed. "You're safe. You're on the Enterprise." "I was screaming," she whispered. "I was screaming so loud, but no one heard me." "Zia gave her report." Yeto squeezed her hand. "You were both injected with a substance that made you receptive to suggestions. The Ilu'ten High Councillor said it was so they could control you easier while they experimented on you." "Experimented?" "Yes. Zia was able to fight the substance and managed to get the both of you to safety." "I remember water." "You escaped by floating through a stream that led to a waterfall. Once you left the security of the facility, the Captain was able to pick up your transmitters and get to you." He rubbed his thumb in slow circles over the back of her hand. "Commander Spock theorised that the facility emitted a signal dampener that blocked our ability to see you." "What happened to those… things?" She didn't know what to call them. "They were either captured or killed. B'tan destroyed the facility and all the research they'd done on you." She stared at Yeto's kind, guileless face. He didn't look like a man who had been through hell and heartbreak. "What about Zia?" she asked. "Is she safe?" "She was released two days ago and is resting in her room. We had to keep you longer because…" Yeto flushed. "Um. The, uh, alien substance was still in your bloodstream, so we opted to do a blood transfusion to get rid of it." "Who's blood?" "We tried synthetic blood, but your body rejected it, so we… used mine." He looked away, his cheeks a startling shade of red. "We have the same blood type." Ignoring the aches that made themselves known, Uhura grabbed the front of Yeto's Medical blues and pulled him down so their lips met. He gasped at the contact, but quickly deepened the kiss. It had been so long since she'd kissed someone. Kissing a Betazoid was different, as the warmth of his feelings was transmitted through the contact and made her head spin. She suddenly wondered why she hadn't done this earlier. She'd certainly liked him for long enough. His tongue traced her bottom lip and she moaned, granting him further access into her mouth. His hands cupped either side of her face and her arms wrapped around his neck, pulling him closer. She felt the Infirmary bed dip as he planted a knee on the edge, and her body tingled with excitement. "Ahem." They broke apart, flushing, as McCoy stood at the other end of the incredibly public Infirmary. "Doctor." Yeto stood straight and wiped saliva from his bottom lip. "Why didn't you inform me that Lieutenant Uhura was awake?" he asked, folding his arms. "I was going to, doctor, after I had finished my report." "Have you taken her vitals?" "Yes, doctor." "Have you checked her pupil response and memory?" "Not yet, doctor." "Get on it." McCoy turned and went back into his office. Yeto turned back to Uhura, producing a tricorder, and shone the light into her eyes. "Pupil response normal," he said. He set his tricorder to record. "What do you remember of the event?" She should've been offended at his ability to go all business-like after what they'd just done, but it was kind of hot. "They injected me with this green goo, and I was unconscious, but not at the same time. I tried yelling, but no one heard me. I heard Zia's voice, though, and felt water. Then I woke up here." "Thank you." He switched off the recording and plugged his tricorder into a PADD, uploading the file. "That's all I need for the moment. Would you like to get dinner with me once you're cleared?" She grinned. "Sure." "Good." He put the PADD down and glanced at McCoy's closed office door, then bent over and kissed her again. She moaned and ran her fingers through his hair. He pulled back, panting, and smiled. "Why didn't we do this sooner?" she whispered. Countless post-shift dinners with Yeto, Scotty, Chekov and Sulu filled her mind. They'd spent time together every day, and yet it had taken four years. "I was waiting for you." He winked. "Don't tell me you didn't enjoy making the first move." "Oh, I did." She watched him cross the Infirmary and knock on McCoy's door. He went inside the office and her head fell back against her pillow. She couldn't wait to tell Zia.
Chapter 20 – The Visual Conundrum Four years, seven months Spock, Chekov and two Security officers materialised on the Transport Pad. Chekov and one of the officers were supporting an unconscious Spock. "Ve need medical help!" Chekov shouted. The officer at the Transport console called in for a Medical team and Chekov lowered Spock onto the ground. "You vill be okay," he said. "You vill be fine." o.O.o "Okay, Chekov, what happened?" "Vell, Keptain, ze mission started out as planned. Ve vere collecting samples, but zen ze natiwes found us." "The natives?" "I beliewe zey call zemselves 'Unas', sir. Zat is vhat ve hawe been able to tell from ze recordings ve made before zey…" "Before they… what?" "Zey threw a grenade, sir. Mister Spock shielded me, taking ze full force. It vas a grenade made of light and Mister Spock vas knocked out aftervards. Ve called for Transport, and vere brought here." "Thank you, Chekov." o.O.o "Bones, what's the consensus?" Kirk asked. He stared across the Infirmary, where Zia sat at Spock's bedside. His First Officer was still unconscious. "He's physically healthy," McCoy said. "I found nothin' wrong, 'cept his pupils didn't respond when I shone light into 'em." "It's only temporary," Yeto said. "We have injected antibiotics native to Vulcan that have begun repairing the damage done to his eyes. It will take time, but he is essentially blind for the next few days." McCoy snickered. "Maybe he should spend some time with Caitlin. That'll be a hoot." "When he wakes up, I want Ensign McFarland called right away to brief him." Kirk nodded at the doctors then left the Infirmary. Zia held Spock's hand and slowly rubbed her thumb over the top. The calm of his sleeping state was transmitted through the meld and she allowed some of her own calm into the mix. "How are you?" Yeto asked, moving to stand beside her. "I'm okay." She smiled at him, then returned her attention to her boyfriend. "I'm just worried about how he'll handle being blind." "It's only temporary," the Betazoid assured her. Zia glanced at him and smirked. He'd been a lot more relaxed since he'd begun dating Uhura. Surely that had nothing to do with the fact that they'd recently moved into the same quarters. It was strange to imagine Yeto and Uhura as a couple, but at the same time it was so right. Yeto was a beta-boyfriend, who was comfortable with standing aside and letting his girlfriend take control. Uhura relished being in control. "And, how are you? Tired? Sore?" "My thighs are a bit sore." He snickered and rubbed his legs. "I can't help it, though. She likes it rough." He held out his hand and Zia hi-fived him. "I'm really happy for you guys," she said. "Which you've told me a thousand times. You're just happy that she's moved on and isn't pining over Spock anymore." "That, and you're really good for her. You make her happy." Spock stirred and they both switched their attention to him. He slowly opened his eyes and tensed, his hand almost crushing Zia's fingers. "Where am I?" he demanded. Zia rested her other hand over his forearm. "You're on the Enterprise. You were planetside and exposed to a grenade that rendered you temporarily blind." "That explains my lack of vision." "That's only because you don't look far enough into the future." Zia giggled and Yeto hid a smile. "That was not amusing." "I'll go get McFarland," Yeto said, leaving the pair. "It is temporary?" Spock asked. He stared vaguely into the distance, reminding Zia eerily of a puppet, and she gently stroked his forearm. "Yeah. We're bringing in Caitlin to give you advice on how to adjust, but you won't be able to go to work until your sight has returned fully." "That is understandable." Zia looked up as Caitlin, escorted by McCoy, walked over to them. "I understand someone needs a bit of help," she said, smiling. McCoy kissed the back of her hand and left her with the Vulcans. "Right, so you're temporarily blind, correct?" "Correct," Spock said. "First thing's first, I would recommend not going anywhere alone. I think Zia should be with you at all times, because you're unaccustomed to the situation and it could be dangerous." "That is logical." "So, you'll find that all your other senses will be heightened. You'll be able to hear better, smell better, and you'll be hyper-sensitive to touch and taste. I know Vulcans have sensitive ears, so you should avoid noisy places." "That means no Mess Hall, hey?" Zia asked. "No. That's probably wise. Work will be difficult for you, as you'll need vision to read reports, so it'd be best to take some time off." "That is logical." Spock's slightly pursed lips were the only indication that he was displeased. "I would suggest you confine yourself to your room whenever Zia isn't with you." "I'll try and get some time off," Zia said. She had to strike a good balance between hovering and distance. Spock wouldn't appreciate being babied, but he would need someone around most of the time. "You two should work out a schedule that'll suit you both." Caitlin's hand covered her watch and she ran her fingers over the surface. "I've got to get to my shift, but if you have any questions, don't hesitate to comm me." "Of course. You have my thanks." Spock inclined his head, then Caitlin turned and left the Infirmary. o.O.o An hour later, Spock had been cleared and had gone to his room to rest. Zia considered the food on offer in the Mess Hall replicators. They had few Vulcan dishes, and she felt that Spock would appreciate Vulcan cuisine while he was on room arrest. Anything to ease his discomfort was good. She'd selected a work of fiction from the collection in her room and planned to read it to him while he ate. She opted for plomeek soup. Couldn't go wrong with a classic, eh? She carried the bowl through the corridors, typed in the code to Spock's room and entered. Then halted. Where was he? 'Spock, why aren't you in your room?' No response, other than a sliver of guilt. Hm. She placed the soup on his dresser and marched through the ship, knowing exactly where he was. She didn't bother knocking and went straight into his office, pausing in the doorway. Spock wasn't inside. At least, not that she could see. "Spock, what're you doing?" she demanded. She debated putting her hands on her hips, but he couldn't see her, so the action was pointless. Her suspicions were confirmed when he slowly stood from where he'd ducked behind his desk. "I was…" He cleared his throat and straightened his back, as if he could reclaim his dignity. "I was searching for my PADD." "It's here." She took it from the desk. "I have it now." "May I please have it?" He held out his hands. "You remember what Caitlin said. No work. Take some time off. I got you some soup and it's probably getting cold." She walked around the desk and took his hand. "Come on." He obediently followed her through the corridors, their joined hands allowing her to feel the annoyance pricking through him. She rolled her eyes. For a grown man in his thirties, he sure could be a baby sometimes. They entered his quarters and the door hissed shut behind them. Zia settled him on his bed and handed him the still-warm plomeek soup. "Now eat." She grabbed her chosen book from where she'd left it on his bedside table, curled up beside him and began to read aloud. As she read, Spock slowly began to relax beside her. He sipped his soup leisurely, his eyelids drooping, and he seemed to radiate peace. By the time she'd finished the third chapter, he was fast asleep. The bowl tipped in his hands and she plucked it free and placed both bowl and book on the bedside table. She then snuggled beside Spock and fell asleep to his soft, even breathing. o.O.o "Hey, darlin'." "Hey." McCoy planted a chaste kiss on Caitlin's lips and sighed as her arms drew around him. It had been a long day, and he was glad for her warmth. The smallest touch made him all… tingly. The door to his office hissed shut and he reached across and entered the locking code. "How was your day?" she murmured. He led her to the couch that leant against one wall of the office and they sat down together. "It wasn' that bad, actually. I mean, Spock was insufferable, but what else could I expect? You were really generous, helpin' him out like that." He kissed her knuckles and she giggled. "Why wouldn't I help? What about aside from that?" "Nah, nothin' interestin'. What about your day?" "Oh, it was quiet. A few translations for the Unas, but nothing strenuous. I just missed you." She smiled sweetly, and McCoy had to remind himself that he needed to control himself. "Will anyone be needing you for a little while?" "I don' think so, why?" "Because I heard you lock that door, Leonard." She readjusted her seat and rested against McCoy's shoulder. He draped his arm around her and sighed, leaning his head against the wall. "I'm sure you had other designs, but I don't think we should tempt fate twice in one week." Memories surfaced of her surprise visit to his office three days ago. He remembered one of the nurses knocking on his locked door and calling for him. He remembered fastening his hand over Caitlin's mouth, so no one would hear her, but he certainly didn't stop rolling his hips. "You bit me," he said. "You deserved it," she retorted, "making me feel like that and then silencing me. But you shouldn't've locked the door. Now everyone who knocks will think we're tumbling around in here." "Oh. That's true." She stood, stretched, and held out her hand. "Why don't we go get some dinner? See if Nyota and Yeto would want to double-date? Then maybe afterwards we can tumble around." McCoy was slightly ashamed at how quickly he scrambled to his feet. o.O.o Something rattled. Zia opened her eyes and blinked to find her bearings. SMACK! She twitched and looked around wildly, spotting Spock leaning against the wall beside his cupboard, his face flushed green. He'd managed to get one leg into his trouser hole and she guessed he'd fallen before he could get the second one. "Spock…" He tried to stand up but fell back against the wall again. She stifled a giggle, pushed the blankets aside and swung her legs over the edge of the bed. "I do not need assistance," he said. "Where d'you think you're going?" She crossed the room and knelt in front of him. "To the labs," he replied stiffly. "I must work." "Oh, Spock." She smiled softly. "You've got some time off. Why don't you use it to relax?" "Work relaxes me." An idea wormed its way into her mind and she placed both her hands on his thighs. He stiffened. "What are you doing?" "You might not be able to see," she whispered, "but you can feel. Can you feel this?" She traced her hands up his thighs and slid them under his singlet. His breath hitched. "I do believe you are taking advantage of me." "I'm just exploring." Her hands slid back down his thighs, hooked around the waist of the trousers, and tugged them off. She took Spock's hand and helped him to his feet, then pulled their hips together. A familiar pressure pressed against her hip. "Caitlin says her lack of sight means that the rest of her senses are… more attuned. Tell me, is that true?" He growled, a low, predatory sound. She smirked. Perhaps this would be good for them. Perhaps it would enable them to spend some… quality time together. She slowly pushed him back and he went willingly, trusting her to guide him. The back of his knees hit the bed and he fell back, emitting a startled sound. Zia straddled him, tugged off his singlet, then ran her hands down his torso. Spock gasped, his body a quivering mess beneath her. Zia bent low, her lips trailing along his ear. "I guess it's true," she whispered, her breath hot on his ear. Then his hands were on her, trailing down her body and feeling each curve and crevice. "Very true," he said huskily. "What I can feel is a disturbing quantity of clothes covering your skin." "Oh, should I remove them?" "If you would be so kind." She had to say, it was by far the slowest, and most sensual morning they'd ever spent in bed together. o.O.o Spock had never paid much attention to the smell of the botany lab. He'd always brushed it aside as the usual plant-smell of greenhouses. However, walking through the plants without sight, it became apparent just how many different scents there were. His nose worked four-times harder to identify each smell and catalogue them into his memory. "Is this okay?" Zia asked. She adjusted his hold on her arm and continued leading him slowly through the aisles. "This is adequate." A new spice hung in the air and he inhaled deeply. "Oh, hey guys." Lieutenant Sulu's voice appeared nearby, and Spock quashed his alarm. "What brings you here?" "Spock was going a bit stir-crazy," Zia replied. Amusement tinged her voice and he imagined her winking. "Oh… Pasha told me what happened. It's only temporary, right?" "Correct," Spock said. He didn't enjoy being blind, even if it was temporary. It gave him a new appreciation for Ensign McFarland's situation. Perhaps, in the few months left of their five-year mission, they might stumble upon a cure for blindness. Or even during future missions. "Catalogued any interesting plants lately?" Zia asked. "Yeah, actually." Sulu then told them all about their most recent plant discoveries, none of which had possible medicinal uses or strange abilities. The most remarkable one was a plant similar to a species that had gone extinct on Earth during the twenty-second century. Which… Spock couldn't actually see. Suddenly, Zia's comm beeped. "Hey, Abbott, it's Kirk. Would you and Spock please meet me in Conference Room One?" "Yes, Captain. We'll be there shortly." They said their goodbyes to Sulu and walked through numerous corridors together. The voices of nearby crewmembers filled Spock's ears and he suddenly understood why it was recommended he stay in his room. Everyone was so loud. They reached the conference room and the door hissed shut behind them, blocking most of the noise. Spock instantly relaxed. "Hey guys," Kirk said. "Good to see you." "Same here, Captain," Zia replied. "It's almost been… a whole day." "What? No way. A whole day?" "The horror." She guided him to a seat and Spock reclined gratefully. The world was more stable when he was sitting. "So, how're you guys doing?" Kirk asked. "You handling it okay?" "I still experience a loss of vision and there is currently no notable improvement." "He's tried to sneak out and work a few times already." "Spock! I told you, no work." "Honestly, I now know how Lexis feels. He's like an infant." "I am not an infant." "You've sure been acting like one." "Spock, can't you just for once do what I, your glorious Captain, wants?" "You requested I rest and for me, work is restful." "Oh my god he can be such a pain." "I know." "Okay, I'm now confining you to your quarters, Spock. The only person who can make you leave is Bones, and you're only allowed visitors from Alpha-shift." Spock pursed his lips. "Understood." "Abbott, have you cleared his room of all work-related items?" "I have." "Good. Dismissed." Zia led Spock back to his quarters and he released her as soon as they were alone. "I did not anticipate how much my routine would change," he said. He clasped his hands behind his back and swayed uncertainly where he stood. "W-ell, eyesight is kinda important…" "For Ensign McFarland, her disability is acceptable. She works with language. I work with science and require my sight to complete my work." "It wasn't like she had much of a choice in her profession." Zia groaned. "C'mon, Spock, can you stop?" He reined his emotions back in check and cleared his throat. "I apologise. There is nothing to be done and complaining will not speed up the recovering process." "Thank you." She took his hands. "Now, why don't we have a shower and then I'll read you more of that book." "I would not object." "Hey! What did you just say?" … "That would be lovely, thank you." o.O.o As the days passed agonisingly slowly, Spock's vision began to return. It started incrementally, with small portions of his vision becoming visible at a time. Sometimes it felt like someone had smeared paint on his window, so he couldn't see out the window, and now some of the flecks were peeling off. When a quarter of his vision had returned, he was deemed healthy enough to return to work. Granted, he was slower with his reading, but his pace quickened as more of his sight returned. He cleared his throat. "You may open your eyes now." Zia opened her eyes and gasped, bringing her hands to her mouth. "Spock…" Before them was a beautiful candlelit dinner, arranged neatly on Spock's floor. Fresh soup steamed on the blanket, illuminated by the candlelight. "It's beautiful," she said, turning to him. "Thank you." "It is my way of expressing my gratitude for your understanding and patience during the previous week." They sat cross-legged on the blanket and eagerly tucked into their soup. It had been a long shift, with a lot of reports to write, and they were both famished. They talked for a while about work, and once finished their soup, Spock reached under the blanket and pulled out a bar of chocolate. "Do my eyes deceive me?" Her eyes sparkled. "I think we both deserve a night without inhibitions," he said. How he'd changed. It had been a long eight years. She broke off the first piece of chocolate and sighed as the sweetness melted into her tongue. Spock ate the next square, and they traded the bar between them until it was gone. Delicious warmth spread to Zia's extremities and she blew out the candles. "Lights, ten percent." When the lights flicked on, she saw Spock's face in front of her own. "We are- we are." He frowned. "This is strange." "Ju-ust." She pushed him onto the blanket and crawled on top of him. "You feelin' lucky?" A full smile stretched across his face and he folded his hands behind his head and relaxed. "What is it you plan to do to me?" She fastened her lips to his neck and he moaned. o.O.o Spock was completely aware that when he walked onto the Bridge the next morning, people were staring. He was aware that they whispered behind their hands, and he was absolutely sure that all eyes were fixated on the green marks on his neck. Oh, he'd tried to cover them up with make-up, but to no avail. He'd resigned himself to appearing to work with three hickeys as throat accessories. "Spock," Kirk said as his First Officer took his usual post. "Captain." "Have fun last night?" "Affirmative." He didn't react as his head twinged from the horrible chocolate-induced headache. Zia wandered onto the Bridge, yawning, and Kirk's gaze swivelled to her. "How come you don't have any hickeys?" the Captain asked. She raised an eyebrow at him. "My hickeys are in places that only Spock is allowed to see." "Our private life is not the business of anyone else," Spock pointed out. Kirk shrugged. "I was curious." "Don't be," Zia said without hesitation. Kirk snickered. "I love you guys."
Well here we are. The end of Enterprise Adventures. It was a long ride that was four years in the making, but I'm glad it's finally finished. However, this isn't the end for this series. We have, coming next (and by next I mean in the next ten minutes) Blending, Acceptance, Charm and Honesty, the mirror of Blind, Depressed, Dissolute and Hopeless. It will cover the first couple weeks that my Crew/OC couples spend on Earth upon the completion of their five-year mission, before they embark on their next mission. Their next mission? Final Frontier. Coming soon. But for now, live long and prosper. o.O.o Chapter 21 – The Future Looks Bright Five years "Do you, Hikaru Sulu, take Pavel Chekov to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, until death do you part?" "I do." "And do you, Pavel Chekov, take Hikaru Sulu to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, until death do you part?" "I do." "Mister Sulu, your vows." "Ahem. Pasha, I knew from the moment we met that we would spend our lives together. Granted, I didn't think we'd be getting married, but I knew we would always be together. You were my best friend for the longest time, and I never wanted anyone else by my side. Now look at us. There's no one else I would want to share this with." "Awwwwww." "Mister Chekov?" "Da. 'Karu, I lowe you more zan anyzing. I zink I hawe alvays lowed you a little bit and I am excited for a future vith you. I vant to serve vith you and grov old vith you, and make sure zat no one makes you valk ze plank. I am so happy zat ve found each ozer and I vould newer trade it for anyzing." "The rings, gentlemen." "With this ring, I thee wed." "Wiz zis ring, I zee ved." "Let us all witness these events here today. If anyone has any objections to these two being joined in matrimony, speak now or forever hold your peace." … "Alright. The vows have been said, and so I now pronounce you husband and husband! You may kiss your groom!" Sulu caught Chekov in a steamy kiss and the assembled crewmembers cheered. Kirk reached behind the arch, pulled out a box of flower petals, and tipped them over the unsuspecting couple. They jumped apart, confused, then laughed and batted the petals away. "Get outta here you lovebirds!" Kirk said. Without needing to be told twice, the pilot and navigator grabbed the other and rushed from the Rec Room. The congregation followed them, all heading to the Mess Hall for the reception. This was the third wedding Kirk had officiated that week, as there seemed to be an influx of crewmembers wanting to get married before they reached Earth. He tugged on the collar of his formal uniform and took to the corridors, following the noise. The party was in full swing. People danced, talked, ate, and talked some more. The happy couple waltzed in the centre of the dance floor, their friends surrounding them. He saw Spock and Zia, Uhura and Yeto, McCoy and McFarland and Scotty and Redcliffe. The various couples swayed on the spot or waltzed, and watching them sent a bolt of pain through the Captain. He shouldn't feel sad watching them, he knew. After all, in two short weeks he would hopefully be among them with his own lady, but for today he was alone. Scotty and Redcliffe weaved their way over to him. "Beautiful ceremony, Capt'n," Scotty called over the music. "Aw, thanks! Who'd you palm the kids off to?" "Keenser," Redcliffe said. She turned to Scotty. "You don't think we should comm him, do you? They're getting to be a bit of a handful…" "He'll be fine," Kirk said. "You guys just enjoy some time off." "Good advice, Capt'n." Scotty grinned, saluted, then grabbed his girlfriend's hand and pulled her towards the buffet table. He was approached by Uhura and Yeto next, his CCO practically pulling her boyfriend's arm from its socket in her haste. "Captain!" She smiled, clearly a little tipsy. "This's a great party! Did you plan it?" "They did." He pointed to the happy couple. "You guys enjoying yourselves?" "Oh, loads." Uhura planted a quick kiss on Yeto's cheek. "Never know, a wedding might encourage a certain question…" "It's been six months," Kirk said, frowning. "What's the rush?" "We're not getting any younger." Yeto shrugged. It was true. Kirk didn't like the idea of being in his thirties any more than Uhura did, and he wondered how long it would be before there were more little devils running around. "He'd have to ask my mother's permission first," Uhura said. Kirk plastered on a smile. "What a gentleman." Yeto seemed to notice his discomfort, and tugged Uhura's hand. "Wha-" "Let's get another drink!" Kirk nodded his thanks, then wandered over to where McCoy and McFarland shared a bottle of bourbon. McCoy noticed the look on Kirk's face and held the bottle out. "Drink." He did. "What's the matter?" "I just… miss Jamie." The bourbon burned his throat and he coughed. "That never gets better." "It does," McFarland said. Kirk handed her the bottle. "What's the plan for you two on Earth?" he asked. "Caitlin's meetin' my daughter," McCoy said. Kirk gaped. "Joanna? And Jocelyn?" "It's kinda hard to meet Joanna without the Ice Queen somewhere nearby, so yeah." McCoy didn't look too happy at the mention of his ex-wife, and took another swig of bourbon. "It's not like she'll let me have Joanna for the day without makin' sure I ain't a mess first." "But you have the day with her?" "Yeah." McFarland held her hand out for the bottle, which McCoy handed over. "Leonard wrote Joanna a letter, asking to see her, and she agreed. So, Jocelyn couldn't do much anyway to stop her." "Then my baby asked if I was seein' anyone, an' I said yeah, an' she asked to meet Caitlin!" Kirk had never seen McCoy smile quite like that before, but he decided he liked when his CMO smiled like that. It was almost… carefree. "Will you be seeing Jamie?" McFarland asked. "You know it. First thing I'm doing once I've given my preliminary report to the Admirals is go to her house and not leave for an astonishing amount of time." "Gross," McCoy muttered. "Bones, you remember what I was like at the Academy." Kirk allowed some of his womanising charm to shine. "Do you know how long it's been since this Captain got any tail?" "Not as long as either of us, that's for sure," McCoy countered." "What, more than seven years?" "Way more," the pair chorused. "Stop ganging up on me," Kirk whined. McCoy laughed, McFarland drinking beside him, and Kirk marvelled at how changed his CMO was. He wasn't grumpy or… grumpy. He was happy. A girl had actually made him happy. "Meanies." He returned to the rest of the part, offering congratulations to Sulu and Chekov for their nuptials, then grabbed a plate of meat and roast vegetables from the buffet table. It was then that he came across Spock and Zia, both eating their own plates of roast vegetables. "Hey, Captain," Zia said, waving. He grabbed the seat next to her. "You guys having fun?" he asked. "Yeah, there's been some good music. What about you?" "Oh, it's not too bad." He felt bad talking again about how much he missed Jamie, especially on Sulu and Chekov's day. No one needed to be bothered by his own loneliness on their big day. "The food is awesome." "I know right? This is, like, my second plate I think." Zia gasped then started giggling. Both Kirk and Spock turned to see what she was looking at, and spotted Uhura and Yeto engaged in a rather passionate make-out session. "She appears inebriated," Spock said. "Uh, yeah?" Kirk shrugged. "It's a party." "Something tells me their neighbours are going to complain again." Zia smirked and winked at the Captain. He doubled over with laughter and tried not to think about how little he wanted to think about Uhura and Yeto getting it on. "She wants him to propose," he said, once he had control of himself again. He glanced between the two Vulcans. "When'll you two tie the knot? It's been yonks." They exchanged a glance. "We are not certain," Spock said. "The time has not yet appeared… right." "There's no such thing as the right time." Kirk shrugged. "You should just do it. Get married. You're already bonded." "What about our families?" Zia asked uncertainly. "I'm sure my parents would want to be invited to my wedding…" "Why don't you do a video call?" Kirk suggested. "That is…" Spock blinked. "A good idea." "Yeah, a really good idea." She looked at Spock. "We should get married. I can't imagine doing it anywhere else." "Maybe in your quarters?" Kirk ducked the vegetable that Zia threw at him. "Sorry, couldn't resist. "Just because you aren't getting any doesn't mean you're allowed to develop an unhealthy interest in everyone else's sex lives," Zia said haughtily. "Damn, Spock, I might have to steal her. Talk dirty to me." "You shall not." He could almost imagine Spock rolling his eyes. "Dude, I was joking." While he wouldn't deny he'd been attracted to Zia when they'd first met, there was none of that attraction now. Like he wanted to risk Spock's wrath anyway. A hasty retreat would be prudent. "So… when would you wanna tie the knot?" "In two days," Spock said, turning his gaze to Zia. He automatically relaxed when he looked at her. How the hell did someone manage to do that to Spock of all people? It was a superpower in itself. "Do you object?" "No! Two days sounds perfect." She smiled widely, her cheeks flushing slightly, and looked down at her food. "This'll probably be my favourite wedding to officiate," Kirk said, taking a bite of… pork? After this plate, he might get adventurous with some of the fancy Russian dishes Chekov had laid out. Which he did. He ate a plate of Russian pie, danced with various members of Alpha-shift, got incredibly drunk, and just managed to stumble to his quarters and pass out. o.O.o Zia bounced Shintai on her knee and watched Lexis do the same with Clifford. "They're getting really big." They sat in the Rec Room that had been repurposed into a children's playroom. Colourful toys littered the floor and messy drawings coated the walls. "Don't remind me. They've already started walking." The Takret pressed a kiss to her one-year-old son's forehead. "Soon they'll start talking, and then the Captain'll hire someone to be a teacher, and then we'll have a school on board." "I get the feeling there'll be a lot more children soon," Uhura agreed. She sipped her coffee and looked up from her report. "Are you looking forward to introducing your kids to their grandparents?" "Oh, I can't wait!" Lexis grinned. "They were all so disappointed that I'd never had kids and now I can go 'hey, these are your grandbabies'. I can't wait for them to meet Scotty either. They had no idea he existed." "I've already told my dad about Yeto and he's coming to San Francisco to meet him. I can't imagine how that'll go down." "It'll be fine," Zia said. Shintai grabbed for her ears and she let the toddler grasp the sensitive flesh. "So, Spock and I are getting married tomorrow and I wanted you to walk me own the aisle, Nyota." "Ohmygod yes I would love that!" Uhura put down her coffee mug and pulled Zia and the toddler into a hug. "Wait, tomorrow?" "Yeah, well, why not? We're home, all our friends are here, and we're already bondmates." She patted Uhura's back, then Shintai squealed from being crushed. "Sorry." Uhura pulled back. "So, tomorrow?" "Yeah…" "You scared?" "A bit yes, a bit no." "It'll be fine," Lexis said. o.O.o Zia stared at the closed doors, sweating in her science blues. She felt really stupid with her hair done up really nicely because she was basically in her work uniform. Her usually straight hair was curled and pinned, and she wore a splash of make-up to enhance her facial features. "Are you ready?" Uhura whispered. Zia looked at her, heart thumping in her torso, and took a shaky breath. "No, but let's do it anyway." The door hissed open, Zia tightened her grip on Uhura's arm and inhaled, and they walked into the Rec Room. Traditional Vulcan music played as she walked down the aisle and she spotted three viewscreens dotted among the congregation: her parents, Sarek, Jamie. It was a small service. Yeto, McCoy and Caitlin sat on one side, with a spare seat for Uhura, while Sulu, Chekov, and Scotty and Lexis and their children sat on the other side. Kirk stood at the altar with… her gaze settled on her groom. Spock stared at her, his face for once publicly displaying his love for her. He looked exactly as he'd always looked, and she wouldn't change a thing. Uhura walked her to Spock, then let go and took her seat. The music stopped. "Dearly beloved," Kirk said, "we are gathered today to witness the Terran union between Lieutenant Zia Abbott and Commander Spock, um…" "S'chn T'gai Spock," Zia whispered. "Commander S'chn T'gai Spock." Kirk stumbled over the pronunciation, but the sentiment was sweet. "They came to us as lost souls, he, with the blood of both Vulcan and human, and her with the blood of Vulcan but the upbringing of humans. Neither had ever had a place where they truly belonged, but here they found a home. They found meaning, and purpose, and a family unlike any other. I mean, we're in constant mortal peril all the time so it's a weird family dynamic." "Jim," McCoy said warningly. "You'd be the grumpy uncle," Kirk muttered. "Point is, they found each other, and I'm sure I'm not the only person here who thinks they're totally sweet." "Yeah, lots of toothaches," Uhura said. "Anyway, with the power invested in me, I will marry them today, in sight of you all. Do you, Zia Abbott, take Ch'gen… T'ge…" "S'chn T'gai," Zia whispered. "S'chn T'gai Spock to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, until death do you part?" "I do." "And do you, S'ch… Spock. Do you, Spock, take Zia Abbott to have and to hold, in sickness and in health, until death do you part?" "I do." "Miss Abbott, your vows." She took a deep breath. "Spock, I know a Terran wedding isn't the traditional way that Vulcans do things, but we've already done things the way Vulcans do them. I think it's only right to get married the Earthen way, for my parents, and your mother. We're acknowledging the two halves that make us, us, and I couldn't imagine going another day without doing this. Without being your wife." She flushed. "I love you, and I can't imagine being without you." Spock's emotion threatened to make her cry. He was having such a hard time controlling it back there. "Mister Spock?" "Zia, I…" He inhaled, and the congregation whispered among themselves. Few had ever seen Spock like this. "Your sentiments echo my own, as do the Captain's. We belong on no one planet, but on this Starship, we are home. I wish to honour my mother, today, who cannot be here, by marrying a woman I know she would have loved more than I." Spock took her hands. "You are an incredible person, t'hy'la, and I am truly blessed to have met you, and connected with you, and fallen in love with you and earned your love in return." Zia blinked back tears. "The rings?" Lexis stood and carried a sleepy Clifford up to the altar. She reached into the toddler's pocket and pulled out two rings, made by Scotty from pieces of the Enterprise. Spock slid her ring onto her finger. "With this ring, I thee wed." It felt perfect nestled against her promise ring. She did the same with his ring. "With this ring, I thee wed." "Let us all witness these events here today. If anyone has any objections to these two being joined in matrimony, speak now or forever hold your peace." There was absolute silence, then Kirk clapped his hands together. "Alright. You've said your incredibly touching vows, and so I now pronounce you husband and wife! You may kiss your Vulcan!" Zia's breath hitched, and Spock closed the distance between them and kissed her. In front of everyone. Cheers and applause erupted from those watching, and Zia almost passed out from the force of Spock's emotion. How was it possible to love someone as much as they loved each other? Did others love each other the same? Did some love their partners more? They pulled apart, and the cheers died away. She looked into his eyes and laughed, for there was no one who mattered but him. o.O.o "I'll never get used to Vulcan food," McCoy said. He sniffed his milkshake. "I wouldn't've agreed to come to your reception if I knew I couldn't have bourbon." "Just wait until after dinner," Caitlin said. "I think Vulcan food is lovely." "Damn vegetarians," McCoy muttered. Caitlin smacked him playfully. Instead of a raging party, Spock and Zia had requested a quiet dinner with those who had attended their wedding. The dinner was also a serving of Vulcan food, prepared by the bride and groom, and it had caused waves among the wedding party. "So," Kirk said, standing with his glass, "a toast, to the happy couple." Everyone toasted Spock and Zia, then took deep droughts of their drinks. "I have an announcement to make with you all," Kirk continued. "Once we get back on Earth, we're cleared for an entire year of shore leave!" The room was split even with those happy for the break, and those who couldn't imagine a year without working. "It won't all be sunshine and rainbows," the Captain continued. "I've been contacted by Admiral Barnett, and he has a special mission for all of us." "All of us?" Lexis asked. "Yep, all of us." "What's the mission?" Sulu asked. Kirk winked. "I'd tell you, but I'm not sure of the details myself." "If Admiral Barnett requires us, we must deduce that we will be teaching at the Academy," Spock said. "Teaching?" Chekov squeaked. "Maybe, maybe not, who knows?" Yeto said. "I think a special mission sounds exciting," Zia said, smiling widely. She pressed her fingers against Spock's. The table broke out into chatter about what the mission could possibly be, and Spock watched all of his friends in awe. When he was a child, he never would have imagined he would end up with so many friends. Enough to fit on both hands. Glancing at Zia, he knew she was in the same position. He was truly blessed to have found these people, and he never wanted to lose them. o.O.o Twelve days later, the Enterprise dropped into orbit around Earth, and Spock and Zia stood and joined the Bridge crew, staring at the beautiful blue orb through the viewport. Their fingers twined together, and he pressed a quick kiss to her temple. 'We are home, t'hy'la,' he whispered. 'We're above Earth, silly. We were already home.' 'So sentimental.' 'So sappy.' 'I love you.' 'I love you too.' They watched as the Enterprise docked on the nearest space station, signalling the conclusion of their five-year adventure.
