A/N: Hey! So, this is my first Star Trek fic so I apologize for any mistakes or if characters are OOC. This is my first Star Trek fic so please be nice! Disclaimer: I own nothing. It all happened so fast, one minute he was running down the pathway, not paying attention to where he was going; All he knew was that he needed to get away from all the stress and upset. The next minute, he was laying sprawled, face down on the concrete, his whole body hurting and shaking with barely suppressed sobs. His hands and face stung as hot tears ran down in rivulets, making him cry even harder. Why was everything going so wrong today? Suddenly, he felt a gentle hand on his back and heard the familiar voice gently say, "Oh, Pavel, you just don't seem to ever have it easy do you kid?" Pavel felt someone gently help him to roll onto his back and suddenly, he was face to face with Captain James T. Kirk, his friend and surrogate older brother. Now that the shock of the fall had worn off, the pain hit Pavel full force and he began to sob even harder than before. Sighing, Jim slid his hands under the teens arms and helped him into a sitting position, immediately drawing the boy against his chest. "It's alright, Pasha," Jim murmured quietly, "I gotcha, you're gonna be fine." "E-eet h-hurts!" Pavel sobbed, by now having given up trying to be a brave soldier. Right now he was just a kid who was hurting in too many ways to count; a kid who just needed the comfort and reassurance that only his "big brother" could provide. Sensing this, Jim drew the boy tighter against his chest and kissed the top of his head, "I know it hurts, Pasha," he consoled as he stood up still holding the seventeen-year-old. Jim silently cursed as he remembered that Dr. McCoy was back in Georgia for the next week. "Of all the weeks for Bones to be gone, it has to be this one," Jim thought, "luckily i've picked up a few things from him and the kid doesn't seem to have any major injuries." "Don't worry kid," Jim said quietly, rocking Pavel slightly in an attempt to soothe him, "We're gonna get you back the apartment, and cleaned up. You'll feel way better after that, I promise." The walk back to the apartment was almost silent, Pavel was still crying quietly, although he had calmed significantly from when Jim first found him. As he continued to walk, it occurred to Jim, how small and light Pavel was. He was much smaller and frailer than other boys his age. Jim made a mental note to talk to Bones about that when the other man returned. Once they entered the apartment Jim immediately walked into the bathroom and grabbed the first aid kit. After that, he gently set the young teenager on the bathroom counter and checked over his injuries. Pavel had a split lip along with some pretty nasty scrapes on his face and arms. The palms of the boy's hands were scraped raw and still weeping blood. However, the injury that really caught Jim's attention was the huge scrape on Pavel's knee. The teen's entire kneecap was a bloody mess, it looked as if the skin around the wound had been either torn or completely scraped off. All of the wounds still had dirt trapped inside them. Getting the abrasions clean was the Jim's main priority, although he absolutely dreaded causing his little brother any more pain. Steeling himself, Jim took a cloth and poured antiseptic on to it, gently beginning to wipe at the scrape on Pavel's knee. Pavel let out a small scream and jerked his leg away. "I know it hurts, Pasha," Kirk said gently as the boy began to cry again, "But we need to get this cleaned up so that it won't get infected." "I know, but e-eet hurts wery badly!" Pavel sobbed. "How about we try water instead," Jim suggested, rubbing a comforting hand on the boy's uninjured knee "it'll probably hurt less." "O-okay," Pavel said, his voice trembling. As Kirk continued to clean the scrapes, he tried to console Pavel as best he could by offering words of encouragement and praise. By the time he was done, they were both exhausted. Jim sighed, now came the hardest part. Pavel had three small rocks trapped under the skin on his hand, the stones had to come out or the boy would get an infection. "Nyet!" Pavel screamed, as he jerked his hand back and cradled it against his chest. "Please Keptain! I don't vant to hurt anymore!" By now the boy was near hysterical, his small frame racking with sobs. Knowing that Pavel wasn't just talking about the physical pain, Jim took the sobbing teen in his arms and lifted him off of the counter. Holding the boy close to his chest as he paced slowly around the room. In that moment, it hit him just how young Pavel Chekov really was. At seventeen the kid may have looked and acted like an adult on the outside, but inside, he had the emotional maturity of a child just entering their teens. Pavel was good at acting mature beyond his years but there were some times when the boy's younger side really showed. Of course, no one could blame him, at seventeen, Pavel had been exposed to more hurt and trauma than most would encounter in an entire lifetime. Of course there was going to be a breaking point and that point had been reached today. "It okay, buddy," Jim murmured, rubbing a comforting hand down the boy's back, "I know you're hurting. All of this it's hit ya hard, huh?" Pavel nodded, continuing to cry. It took some time but the teen finally calmed down enough so they could finish the unpleasant task. Later that night, after getting Pavel settled into bed, Jim stood by the window of the apartment, staring out at the lights of the city. In that moment, Jim knew for certain that everything was gonna be alright.
A/N: Hey! So, this is my first Star Trek fic so I apologize for any mistakes or if characters are OOC. This is my first Star Trek fic so please be nice! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Pain. That was all he felt, a horrible pain in his stomach, like someone was stabbing him with a red-hot knife and burning him from the inside out. He barely managed to get out of bed and stagger into his "older brother's" room. Jim was woken out of a dead sleep by a small hand tugging frantically on his own. Opening his eyes, he saw his "younger brother" Pavel Chekov standing by his bedside. The boy was clutching his stomach and tears of pain and confusion were streaming down his face. "What's wrong, Pasha?" Jim asked worriedly, sitting up and placing a hand on the boy's forehead. He was burning up. "E-everyzing h-hurts," Pavel gasped, "I felt seek all day, I zought eet vood go avay." Jim felt his stomach lurch with dread, all of these symptoms pointed to one thing. Appendicitis. Helping the boy to lay down, Jim grabbed a hand-held temperature scanner from the first aid kit in the bathroom. Placing the scanner on the Pavel's forehead, Jim took the boy's hand in his own and squeezed gently. The scanner pinged, and Jim frowned as he looked at the reading. 103.2 and climbing , a sure sign that something was very wrong. "That's it, I'm calling Bones," Jim said, grabbing his communicator. "Goddamnit Jim!" Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy answered, "It's two in the morning, you better have a damn good reason for calling me and god help me if you did something stupid-" "Bones, it's Pavel," Jim said frantically, "he's sick, really sick and I have no idea what to do. He's got a high fever and he's in a lot of pain. I need your help. Please, Bones!" "Calm down, Jim," Bones said, "I'm on my way over, just try to keep Pavel awake and talking. I'll be there as soon as I can." "K-keptin," Pavel whimpered, "I-I'm scared, I'm wery scared." "It's gonna be alright, Pasha" Jim said, laying down on the bed and taking the seventeen year old in his arms and running a hand through the boy's hair. Jim's mind drifted back to the many nights after his "death" when Pavel had come into Jim's room just to make sure that his Captain and "brother" was still alive. At first, there were days where Pavel just refused to leave Jim's side. Hell, it had taken about 30 minutes to calm the boy when Jim went on his first away mission. After he had fully recovered, Jim began to really understand the effect of his actions on his crew. Particularly on Pavel. Jim was shaken out of his reverie by a gently hand on his shoulder. It was Bones. Sitting up, Jim shifted the boy in his arms, "Pavel," Jim said as the boy let out a whine of protest, "Dr. McCoy is here, we need you to sit up now," Pavel whimpered as the two older men helped him to sit up. After running a basic check of the kid, Bones stood up and turned to Jim, his eyes filled with worry. Bones uttered the phrase that Jim had hoped not to hear, "We've gotta get him to the hospital." Jim sat in the hospital waiting room, his head in his hands. After they had arrived at the Medical Center, things had just gotten more chaotic. Pavel's fever had skyrocketed and as a result, the boy was delirious and terrified. It had gotten to the point that Jim had to take the young navigator in his arms so Bones could hook him up to an IV and get him prepped for surgery. Pavel struggled frantically in Jim's arms, screaming, crying and clawing. Anything to get out of this hell he was in. "Pavel," Jim said sternly, secretly hating that he was being so harsh but he needed to snap the kid out of it. "You need to calm down, I know you are scared and in pain but all you are doing is making this much harder than it needs to be. You are an officer in Star Fleet, act like it! Pavel looked up at his older brother, his eyes glistening with unshed tears. Laying his head against Jim's chest, he began to cry quietly. Murmuring over and over, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I deedn't mean it." Sighing, Jim tucked the teenager's head against his chest and rested his chin atop Pavel's head. "It's gonna be alright Pasha," Jim said, rubbing a comforting hand up and down the boy's back. "Nothing's going to happen to you, Bones is a great doctor." "I ain't gonna let anything happen to ya, Pav," Bones said, taking the boy from Jim's arms and laying him on the bed. "you're gonna feel a thousand times better after we fix ya up." "Well," Bones said, startling Jim out of his thoughts, "I was right, his appendix was ruptured. We drained everything we could from his stomach so he should be alright; but I wanna keep the kid here for a few days and start him on some antibiotics just to be sure." Jim nodded, "can I see him?" he asked. "Yeah, but he's still pretty out of it because of the meds, so don't be worried if he doesn't respond immediately." Jim nodded and followed his best friend to the room where Pavel was resting. Pavel jerked awake, looking around frantically. Panicked, he tried to sit up, letting out a small scream as something pulled at the skin on his stomach. Suddenly, he felt himself be pulled into someone's arms, he immediately relaxed realising that he was being held by his Captain, his "big brother." The combination of the relief and the pain medication caused Pavel to lose his composure. Jim reached out and, minding the medical equipment, took the boy into his arms and settled Pavel on his lap, rocking the boy slightly. As much as he hated to admit it, Jim was becoming used to his charge's emotional "episodes." Jim's near death had shaken Pavel to the core and now they were dealing with the repercussions. Pavel now had severe attachment issues and was afraid to be away from any of the crew, especially Jim for long periods of time. When Jim had been recovering from his radiation poisoning, Lt. Nyota Uhura had taken care of Pavel and Jim remembered Uhura telling him that Pavel had barely eaten and almost never left Jim's side. It upset Jim to think of the reprocussions on the youngest member of his crew and now he had almost lost Pavel to Appendicitis. As he held the boy against his chest, Jim vowed that he would make things right, no matter what it took.
A/N: Hey! So, this is my first Star Trek fic so I apologize for any mistakes or if characters are OOC. This is my first Star Trek fic so please be nice! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Pavel took a deep breath and followed Nyota Uhura and Spock into the Medical Center. This was the first time he had seen Jim since the captain had been hospitalized for radiation poisoning. Once they were inside, Pavel unconsciously moved closer to Nyota as Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy strode over to them. Kneeling in front of the teenager, Bones put his hands on Pavel's shoulders. "Pasha," Bones said gently, "before we go in there, I wanna let you know that Jim is going to be just fine. However, I also wanna tell ya that you may see some stuff you have never seen before. Jim has a lot of tubes in him right now; he also has a lot of bandages on him, and there is a special machine in there that is cleaning his blood of the radiation. It is probably gonna look pretty scary for ya, but all of that stuff in him is helping get him better. I just don't want ya to freak out when you see him." "Ees- ees ze keptin in any pain?" Pavel asked in a small voice "Oh, kid," Bones said gently reaching a hand out to brush gently against the boy's forehead. "Jim's not in any pain at all. We got him pumped full of the strongest pain drugs known to man." "O-okay," Pavel said, "can I see heem now?" "Sure kid," Bones said, gently. "Spock," said Nyota, "I think you should go in with Pavel. You know more about what is going on than I do. You and Bones are better equipped to answer any questions that Pasha has." In the end, all three of them entered the room with Pavel. Pavel whimpered when he saw Jim laying on the Biobed, and he pressed himself close to Nyota. Her maternal instincts taking over, Uhura drew Pavel into her arms held him, gently stroking his hair. "It's alright to be scared, Pasha." she murmured gently as the boy sobbed quietly, "I know it's pretty intimidating to see but remember that Dr. McCoy said the captain is going to be fine." After a moment, Pavel was able to regain his composure, and he stoically walked over to the side of the bed. "Do you wanna lay with him for a bit?" Bones asked gently, sensing the child's discomfort. Pavel nodded, and Spock walked over and gently lifted the young navigator onto the Biobed. Almost immediately, Pavel curled against Jim's side and rested his head over the captain's heart feeling the slow but strong heartbeat. Within a few minutes, the exhaustion of worrying for his guardian and from the nightmares finally caught up with Pavel, and he eventually fell into the first peaceful sleep in weeks. "This is good for him," Nyota said, reaching over to gently stroke the sleeping boy's hair. "Poor Pasha, he hasn't had a good sleep in weeks. Like clockwork every night since Jim has been in the hospital, he will wake up crying in the middle of the night. There have been a few nights that he didn't wake Spock and me up, but we could still tell when that he hadn't slept. I have even thought of trying to give him sleeping meds so that he can get some rest. Also, he has almost entirely stopped eating. Both Spock and I have had to threaten to take him to the Emergency Room and put him on an IV just to get him to eat something. "He cannot go on like this," commented Spock, "if he continues down this road, I fear he too may end up in the hospital." "Damnit," Bones muttered, "poor kid already has trouble sleeping with his hyperactivity disorder we were managing it before, but this whole ordeal has added a whole new level of stress to the situation." Walking over to the medical cabinet, Bones took out a bottle of pills and handed them to Spock. "Alright," Bones explained turning back to Spock and Uhura, " Since you two are his guardians, for the time being, you know that the kid is already taking Adderall so I wanna double his dose of that. Give him one dose at night as well as in the morning. I also want to put the kid on a mild sedative at night for the duration of the time that Jim is in the hospital. It may make him groggy during the day, but that's a side effect I am willing to live with. I am also gonna inject him with him with a Vitamin Booster since you said he hasn't been eating much. There is not much that we can do about him not eating except to give him supplements and injection and hope that everything will normalize relatively quickly. We took Jim off the ventilator last night so we should be able to wake him from his coma and remove most of the tubes in a few more days. After that, he should be able to get out of here within a month." As he spoke, Bones injected Pavel with the hypo and silently prayed that the disturbance wouldn't wake the kid up. Pavel let out a small whimper and turned his head away from the source of his discomfort, but he did not wake. The kid was fast asleep, in a world far away from all of the fear and pain. A world where his family was complete once again.
Jim lay under the table in the Daystrom conference room, holding his little brother Pavel against his chest as laser fire flew above them. Hoping to calm the scared teen on his arms, Jim began to pray. Our Father who art in Heaven, hallowed be thy name, Thy kingdom comes, thy will be done on earth as it is in heaven. Forgive us our debts, as we also forgive our debtors and lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil." Pavel relaxed significantly and suddenly, Jim felt a renewed sense of courage enter him and climbed out from under the table, ordering Pavel to stay down and ran to help his godfather, Captain Pike. Jim fought with only one thing in mind, get himself, his little brother, his godfather, and best friend out of this hellhole alive. Jim sprinted to the emergency console, grabbing the firehose from the unit, he wrapped it around the phaser rifle before throwing it toward the ship. By luck or some other divine power, the gun was sucked into the ship's intake. Within seconds, the ship's engine failed, and it began its plummeting descent towards the ground. A painful silence fell over the conference room, broken only by the groans of the wounded and dying as they attempted to move. Kirk made his way over to Pavel's hiding place and knelt to the teen's height, sighing as Pavel let out a small whimper and moved farther back into the shadows. "C'mon kid," Jim coaxed, holding his arms out to his distraught ward, "it's all over now, the attack is over. We're gonna go home now. You wanna go home don't ya?" Pavel nodded, looking hopefully at his adoptive older brother. "Well then ya gotta come out of there," Jim teased lightly After a bit more coaxing, Jim managed to get the boy to climb out from his hiding place, although he now had a death grip on Jim's hand. Jim made his way over to Spock and Admiral Pike, relieved to see that they had both come out of the fight relatively unscathed, save for a small phaser wound on Pike's arm. Pike smiled as he placed a hand on Jim's shoulder and said proudly, "You did good, James," Before kneeling to Pavel's height and gently running a hand through the boy's curly, brown hair. "You did well too, son" Pike murmured, gently, "you did real good." Pavel gave a sad smile at the praise before moving back into the safety and security of Jim's arms. "Are either of you injured?" Spock inquired as they made their way down from the conference room. "I'm not hurt at all," Jim answered, "save for being exhausted, that is. I think Pavel is pretty shaken up though, huh Pasha?" Pavel shrugged, blinking owlishly before leaning even more heavily against Jim's side. Jim wrapped a protective arm around the teen before turning back to Pike. "Where is Admiral Marcus?" he asked. "Marcus is dead," Admiral Pike answered, "Harrison shot him. We will talk more about it later, but for now, I think it's best that we get out of here." Jim took a deep breath as he stepped out into the fresh night air. Distantly, he heard the sound of sirens blaring as emergency vehicles arrived to tend to the wounded and collect the dead. After leaving the building, Admiral Pike told Jim to head back to the apartment with Pavel. Pike was staying to meet with the higher authorities and fill them in on what had transpired. Jim had wanted to remain and helped, but his godfather said it was better for Jim and Pavel to head home and try and get some sleep. Jim agreed, Pavel had seen enough carnage to emotionally scar him for a lifetime. The ride back to the apartment was nearly silent, Pavel had settled himself against Jim's side and was now staring blankly out the window of the car. The teen shifted, and Jim suddenly felt a disconcerting amount of heat radiating off the boy. Reaching over, he placed a hand on Pavel's forehead; the boy was burning up, as indicated by the way he leaned into the touch. Fortunately for Jim, they had arrived at their apartment complex, and Jim was able to get Pavel inside and hopefully get the kid's temp down. Pavel let out a low whine as he was forced to move from the safety of his big brother's side. "I know, kid, believe me, I feel the same way " Jim murmured, wrapping an arm around Pavel's shoulder and guiding the exhausted teen to their quarters. Once they were inside, Jim sent Pavel to shower and get ready for bed while he called Dr. McCoy. After telling his best friend what was wrong, Jim breathed a sigh of relief as McCoy told him that the fever was most likely brought on by the stress of the past few days. "For now, just give the kid a fever reducer and get him to sleep," McCoy said, "I'll come out tomorrow morning and give him some anti-anxiety meds and check for any other symptoms." "Awesome! Thanks Bones, you're an amazing friend" Jim responded sincerely. "Yeah, well, its my job ain't it? Keeping you and the kid alive" McCoy responded, "Oh, and Jim, don't think that you are getting out of your medical exam tomorrow," with that, McCoy closed the connection. When Jim entered his little brother's room after changing out of his uniform, he saw that Pavel was lying on the bed, his eyes wide open and his breathing anything but relaxed. Jim moved to sit on the side of the bed, gently placing a hand on the teen's chest, feeling the boy's too rapid heartbeat and ragged breathing. "Hey Pasha," Jim murmured, taking his hand off of the boy's chest and gently running a hand through his hair. "What's got ya so worked up? huh?" "I- I don't v-vant to go to sleep," Pavel whimpered, "I'm scared." "Oh, Pavel," Jim said soothingly, "there's nothing to be scared of, you're safe here with me and Admiral Pike. We won't let anyone hurt you." "B-but v-vhat eef ze bad man comes back?" Pavel asked, in a scared, childlike voice, tears beginning to stream down his face. "Pasha, the bad man isn't going to come back" Jim explained comfortingly. "Even if he did, the walls and glass in the apartment are blast proof, and the building has alarms on the outside so we would know if there was a vehicle too close long before they could take the first shot." Seeing that he was getting almost nowhere in calming his little brother's fears, Jim gently squeezed Pavel's hand and asked, "Would you like me to lay with you tonight, Pasha?" Pavel nodded, his tears beginning to stop and his breathing calming significantly. Jim lay down on the bed and soon both of them had fallen into a peaceful sleep.
The next afternoon was quiet, Jim and Pavel were sitting on the couch while their father sat in an armchair next to them. Jim was watching a mindless holovid with Pavel curled against his side, playing a logic game on his tablet. Their father, Christopher Pike, was working finishing his report of the previous night's attack on the research center. All in all, there was an air of peace about the apartment. "You boys should get some rest," Chris said as he caught sight of his two sons who were now on the verge of sleep. " 'Can't, too many nightmares," Jim argued quietly. Pavel nodded in agreement. "Would it help if I read to you?" Chris asked, smiling as his two sons perked up and nodded. "Alright, Pavel why don't you go pick out a book?" he suggested, moving to sit next to Jim chuckling as Pavel jumped up and bolted into his room before returning with a large book. "Minus Ten and Counting: An Anthology of Stories for the Space Age," Pike read, as his two boys settled against his side with their heads resting on each of his shoulders. "Good choice," Jim commented as Pavel pointed to the name of the poem he wanted, it was titled "Song of the Pioneers." "We sent them out to the planets To worlds beyond our own Where frail men dared not venture They traveled on alone Though they may be no more than robots To the stars they steer And we wish them on our journey All the luck of the pioneer." Chris began, smiling as his two sons moved closer to his side. It was apparent that their father's voice was the perfect thing to lull them to sleep. "They set their course for Jupiter The ruler of the worlds To gain their speed from his mighty pull As from a slingshot hurled They stole for us his image His secrets guarded dear But gave, in turn, a royal gift To the luck of the pioneer Then on and out to Saturn The ringed queen of skies And through the very rings themselves They carried our distant eyes We feared then for their safety But they could know no fear And they left their name on the gap they found By the luck of the pioneer." Pavel was still struggling to fall asleep, so Chris paused in his reading to reach over and gently pat the teen's back. "Easy, kiddo," he murmured, "Just settle down, you're brother is already asleep. You're safe, just try and get some sleep. As he heard the boy's breathing even out, Chris continued reading. "The sun grows dim behind them A billion miles or more The stars are e'er before them A glittering distant shore An age will pass before a day A stranger sun draws them neer And till that day we'll raise a toast To the luck of the pioneer But should some other find them As the galaxy they roam And study these strange craft of ours And seek to learn their home Why, they carry our maps upon them In friendship written clear And we give to the race that reads them All the luck of the pioneer And when men someday follow To the places they have been We'll take the paths they've marked for us And see the sights they've seen To Jupiter and Saturn To the stars themselves we'll steer And we pray that God but grant us then The luck of the pioneer And we pray that God but grant us then The luck of the pioneer." As he finished reading the story, Chris was pleased to see that both of his sons were fast asleep. Carefully, so as not to wake them, he placed the book on the coffee table and reached over to grab a blanket. Tucking it around the three of them, he followed his sons' example, closing his eyes and drifting off to sleep.
A/N: Hey! So, this is my first Star Trek fic so I apologize for any mistakes or if characters are OOC. This is my first Star Trek fic so please be nice! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Jim sighed as he keyed the door to one of the ship's rec rooms. It had been a very long day and he needed to unwind before going to sleep. Almost immediately, Jim noticed that he was not alone. The Enterprise's main navigator and Jim's little brother, Pavel Chekov was curled up on the observation windowsill, staring out at the endless sea of stars. "Hey kid," Jim said tiredly as he placed a hand on the boy's shoulder, "what're you doin' up at this time of night, huh? I put you to bed three hours ago." "I cood not sleep," Pavel responded, "I reely tried to but eet vas not vorking so I came here." "Did you take your meds, Pasha?" Jim asked, "not taking them is usually the root of why you can't settle down." "Zee meds newer vork now zat I take ze seizure medicine," Pavel muttered, "but I took zem anyvay" "Good boy," Jim murmured, squeezing the teen's shoulder. He knew that Pavel was partially lying about not being able to fall asleep. Jim saw the dried tear tracks on the teen's face and the way that he talked in a quiet and subdued voice. However, the captain did not decide to comment on the strange behavior. He knew his little brother well enough to know that this was not a battle worth fighting. "Well, Pasha," Jim said, changing the subject, "I have some work to do before I go to bed, so why don't you come sit with me and keep me company. I bet reading over these boring reports will help put you to sleep." Pavel gave his older brother a small smile as he got up from his place near the window and moved to sit next to Jim on one of the rec room couches. They sat in silence for a long time, Jim reading and responding to numerous reports and Pavel resting against the captain's side, his eyes scanning over the PADD but not really comprehending any of the information. After a while, the teen spoke up, "I vas only telling part of ze truth vhen I said zat I cood not fall asleep," Pavel murmured, "I did sleep but zen I had a nightmare, I cood not sleep again so I came here." Jim tightened his hold around Pavel's shoulders, and pressed a gentle kiss to the top of the boy's head. "What was it about, kid?" "I dreamed zat ve vere back on ze planet and I vas still being tortured," Pavel admitted, tears beginning to run down his face. "I dream zat zey vere still hurting me! It felt so real!" "Aw, kid," Jim murmured, "it's all okay now, you're not there anymore. No one is going to hurt you. I'll always protect you." "Promise?" Pavel asked in a small voice. "Captain's honor" Jim answered, pulling the boy into a strong embrace. After a bit, Pavel leaned his head against Jim's side and closed his eyes. Jim continued to read over the reports and soon he felt his little brother's ragged breathing even out into the even rythym of sleep. After a while, Jim decided that it was time to get himself some sleep. Standing up and turning off his PADD, Jim lifted the sleeping teenager into his arms and made his way towards the lift. Pavel shifted in his sleep, letting out a content sigh and curling his hand into the fabric of Jim's uniform. Once he had gotten back to their shared quarters, Jim carried the sleeping teen into his room, knowing full well that Pavel would not sleep alone after his nightmare. Pavel for his part did not stir except to let out a small whimper at the loss of contact. Jim smiled and leaned down to press a kiss to the boy's forehead before getting ready for bed himself.
A/N: Hey! So, this is my first Star Trek fic so I apologize for any mistakes or if characters are OOC. This is my first Star Trek fic so please be nice! Disclaimer: I own nothing. "What happened to him, Jim?" Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy asked his best friend as they stood by the bedside of the Enterprise's youngest crew member. "I don't know," answered Captain Jim Kirk, "Spock and I were leading a team to investigate some buildings at the edge of city when Hendorff radioed me and said that he had found Pavel and that the kid was pretty shaken up. I swear that the kid had been with me less than two seconds before. God, how could I be that tuned out?" "It's not your fault, Jim," Bones assured, "You know better than anyone how the kid gets sometimes, he sees something interesting or distracting and runs off without a second thought. He has improved exponentially from when he was first assigned but he's still gonna have moments like that, no matter how much we try and curb it." "I know," Jim responded, "anyway, when I got to their location, Hendorff warned me that Pavel had not spoken at all since he had been found. I didn't really give it a second thought since the kid can get like that when he is scared or upset. I tried to get him to tell me what happened and I got a few physical responses, I thought we were getting somewhere. Then, out of nowhere, he just lunged at me, screaming. I got him in a restraint hold and that was when this happened," Jim lifted his arm and pulled back the sleeve of his uniform to reveal a deep, clean bite mark on his lower wrist. "Damn," Bones said, sounding slightly impressed, "Pasha is such a sweet kid, I never knew he had it in him to hit anyone, let alone bite hard enough to cause damage." "I guess that's what happens when you are scared half out of your mind," Jim murmured, reaching a hand out to gently stroke the teen's hair. "You should have seen his eyes, Bones. There was no rage there, only hurt and fear. After he bit me, Pavel stopped screaming and started sobbing. It got so bad that Spock had to nerve pinch the kid to calm him. It was terrifying, Bones! This is the first time that Pasha didn't calm the minute that I started rocking him." Bones' reply was cut off by a low groan. Turning, both men saw that their young charge was waking up. "Hey kid," Bones said gently, "glad to see ya awake. How're ya feeling?" Pavel didn't answer, but his eyes drifted to the IV in his hand and he began to scratch at it. "No, Pav," Bones reprimanded gently, "I know it's uncomfortable but it has to stay in for a little while, it's giving you some pain meds and saline right now." Pavel let out a small whine but left the IV catheter alone as Bones checked him over. "Well," said Bones, "Aside from a few scratches and bruises, Pavel is fine physically." Jim breathed a sigh of relief as he sat down next to his little brother. "I'm gonna get the kid some sleeping meds," Bones said, "I just want you to have an extra supply in case he needs it." After Bones had left the room, Pavel moved closer to his big brother and reached out a hand to tug on Jim's shirt. "What do you need, Pasha?" Jim asked gently. Pavel let out a whimper and raised his good arm, silently indicating that he wanted to be held. Jim obliged and lay back against the headrest, settling the teen against his chest and running a hand through his hair. "When did you get so good at sneaking off, huh?" Jim asked lightly, "didn't even notice that you were gone until Hendorff called me." Pavel said nothing, but his whole body trembled, he pressed himself closer to Jim and began to cry quietly. "Oh Pasha," Jim murmured quietly, " s'okay buddy, it was just a little mishap, nothing to get so worked up over." Again, Pavel said nothing but he did shake his head vehemently against Jim's chest. "That's not what you're upset about?" Jim asked. Pavel nodded. "Then what is it, Pasha?" Jim inquired. Pavel shook his head, as if to silently say, "I don't want to talk about it" "I need you to tell me what it is, Pavel," Jim said gently, rubbing a hand down the distraught boy's back. "I can't help ya if I don't know what happened." This time, Pavel began to struggle in Jim's arms, letting out small whimpers and whines. "Alright, alright, Pasha" Jim murmured, tightening his hold on the struggling boy to prevent Pavel from hurting himself. "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I won't make you talk about it." Pavel seemed to relax a bit at Jim's assurance but the kid still remained rigid and tense in the captain's arms. "Hey, kiddo," Bones said gently, entering the room and sitting next to Jim, "you look pretty comfortable, you feel like taking a little nap?" Pavel nodded and Bones gave the kid a comforting smile before reaching into his pocket and taking out a hypospray. He gently shushed the teen as Pavel let out a small, scared whimper. "S'okay, Pasha," Bones murmured, pulling the plastic covering off of the small needle. "Yer barely gonna feel it. I'm gonna count down from 10 and by the time I finish, it'll all be over." Pavel nodded reluctantly before hiding his face against Jim's chest. "Okay Pasha," Bones said, cleaning the injection area on the boy's leg, "I'm gonna start counting." Bones pressed the hypo against the teen's leg, starting to count "Ten...nine..eight..seven." Pavel let out a pained cry and reached his hand out to try and grab at the injection device. Jim reached out and grabbed Pavel's hand, pinning it against his chest. "Almost done, kid," Bones said, hating himself for causing the boy so much pain "..four...three...two...one." Once the needle was out, Pavel turned to Bones and gave the CMO a heart-wrenchingly betrayed look before turning and hiding his face against Jim's chest, his ragged breathing beginning to even out. "I think that it's safe for you to take him back to your quarters, Jim," Bones said, "Whatever is going on with the kid, it will definitely help to get him back to somewhere familiar. Just don't leave him alone. That sedative is pretty strong and if he gets up while it is still in his system, there is a good chance that he'll fall and hurt himself." "Okay," Jim said, standing up and shifting the sleeping teen in his arms, "I wasn't planning on going back to the bridge anyway." For the next few days, nothing was brought up about the incident on the scouting mission. However, Jim saw the profound change in his little brother. Pavel was significantly more subdued and he tended to keep more to himself. Jim only wished he knew what had scarred his little brother so. The answer came five days after the scouting trip. Everything seemed to be going normally, Kirk and Spock were meeting in the main room of Jim's quarters and Pavel was sitting on the couch, working through a logic game on the captain's PADD. The meeting was going fine until Jim mentioned the scouting trip. Pavel froze, letting the PADD slip out of his grasp and hit the ground. He stood up, his whole body trembling and let out a feral growl before lunging at Jim. Spock was up before the teen made his move and within seconds, he had Pavel in a basic restraint hold. Pavel struggled and Spock tightened his grip, making escape nearly impossible. "Hey, hey, Pasha," Jim murmured, taking his little brother into his arms and pinning the boy's hands against his chest. "What's goin' on, huh? What's got ya so worked up?" "N-no, n-no," Pavel growled, weakly trying to push himself away from his older brother, "don' vanna talk about eet, not gonna talk about eet." "Not going to talk about what, Pavel?" Spock asked "If something is wrong, Ensign, it would be logical for you to tell us what it is. We cannot help you if we do not have knowledge of the problem." "Yeah, Pasha" Jim said, "Spock is right, you need to tell us what is going on, and I'm not gonna let go of you until you do." At those words, Pavel stopped struggling and sighed resignedly before quietly saying, "I saw somezing terrible on ze scouting treep." "What did you see, Pasha?" Jim asked, gently, moving to sit on the couch and situating Pavel in his arms. "Vhen I got lost, I saw a man," Pavel started, laying his head on Jim's chest and playing with the medals and insignia pinned to Kirk's uniform. "I got scared so I heed behind a buildeeng and then I saw ze man start to argue vis anozer person zat I coodn't see. Ze arguement kept getting louder and louder and zen-" the young navigator broke off, sobbing. "Easy child, easy," Spock said, moving to sit next to Jim and gently running a hand down Pavel's back. "You can tell us, Pavel. No harm will come to you here." "Z-zhere v-vere a lot of gunshots and ze man fell to ze ground, dead." Pavel sobbed, "Zen, before I cood moowe, ze murder came up behind me and held a knife to my throat. He said that if I told anyvone vhat I had seen, he vood keel me and eweryone zat I told." Pavel sobbed harder, and Jim looked at Spock, silently telling him to inform Dr. McCoy of what had happened. Spock nodded, and with one last gentle clap to Pavel's shoulder, left the Captain's quarters. "Okay," Jim soothed, holding his little brother closer, "S'okay, Pasha. Everything's gonna be alright." "You know," Jim continued, changing the subject, "I remember when I first met you, CPS had just brought you into the hospital that Doctor McCoy was working at. He contacted Admiral Pike, who was still a captain back then; and asked if he and I would be willing to take you in. Pike said yes, of course." Jim smiled; noticing that Pavel had stopped crying and was now laying contentedly against his big brother's chest. "When we got to the hospital," Jim continued, "I remember that McCoy warned us that the abuse and neglect you had suffered was pretty graphic. You only weighed 29 lbs, and Dr. McCoy said that if you were just days away from starving. You would have had a week at the very most." "I don't remember zat," Pavel murmured, "All I remember vas zee officers coming and stopping my fazer from beating me to death." "Well," Jim murmured, drawing Pavel even closer and kissing the top of the boy's head, "we got in the room and I saw you for the first time. You were so emaciated, I could count every rib and vertebrae in your body. You had such severe damage internally, that you had to be fed a completely liquid diet of fortified supplements from a tube for two months. Even when we were able to take you home with us, you were barely able to walk and you had almost no muscle control in your jaw. But, you recovered physically within the next six months; It was the psychological damage that was really took it's toll on you. For the first few months you hated to be touched and you were selectively mute. It was hard because you weren't able to tell us when you didn't like something. If something happened that made you angry, you would scream. Do you know why I am telling you all of this, Pavel?" "Nyet," Pavel murmured, toying with Star Fleet insignia on Jim's uniform. "I am telling you this because I'm trying to explain that even though you suffered years of terrible abuse, you chose not to let that stop you and you recovered. You shouldn't let this mission set you back." Pavel just sighed and closed his eyes. Both of them sat there for a long time, each lost in their own memories.
A/N: Hey! So, this is my first Star Trek fic so I apologize for any mistakes or if characters are OOC. This is my first Star Trek fic so please be nice! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Twenty two-year old Jim Kirk sat on the couch, watching some pointless newscast and waiting for his godfather, Captain Christopher Pike, to return from a meeting at Star Fleet headquarters. Jim looked at the chrono on the wall and sighed, he still had about an hour before his godfather returned. It had been a pretty eventful five months, it started with Jim enlisting in Star Fleet and getting out of his hell hole life in Iowa. For the first time in his life, Jim was able to experience what it felt like to have a father in his life. Then, two weeks later, Pike had gotten a call from Admiral Archer that a fourteen-year-old boy had been taken from his family by the authorities and placed in Star Fleet custody. Archer had requested that, as he had experience working with abused teens, Christopher Pike take guardianship of the boy. Of course, Pike had agreed immediately and so, that was how Jim had ended up with an adopted little brother. The boy, Pavel, was a quiet, withdrawn kid. But, that was entirely understandable given the horrible abuse that he had suffered. When the kid had been brought in, he weighed only twenty-nine pounds and he was terrified of any human contact. Physically, he had bruises everywhere on his body; his right wrist was shattered, he had a rotator cuff injury from a dislocated left shoulder that had been left untreated for weeks. The kid's face was marred with cuts and scratches and he had identical burn marks on either side of his forehead, indicating that someone had repeatedly fired blank rounds at close range from a pistol. But the one thing that Would be burned in Jim's mind was the wounds that covered the child's back. Knife wounds, some old and scarred over, some new and still weeping blood, covered the boy's back from just below his shoulder blades to his lower back. No matter the age, they were clean, shallow and precise, made to cause the most excruciating pain. For the first few months, the kid's recovery was progressing relatively well, though he still had yet to speak. Once the kid had put on some weight and was able to eat on his own, Jim and Pike had been allowed to bring him home. While Pavel had an intellect that was years above that of other children his age, the kid's emotional state was years below that of a normal fourteen year old boy. As there was no other option at this point for a schooling that matched where Pavel needed to be intellectually while also providing the boy a strong emotional support system; the only choice had been to enroll him in the Star Fleet Academy. It turned out to be a very good choice as Pavel was able to be educated in an accommodating environment and be in many of the same classes as Jim. That way if the boy needed anything, Jim would be able to help. However, it soon became obvious that Pavel was able to control himself extremely well in his classes although he still did not feel comfortable speaking out and had to use a specialized PADD to be able to communicate in class. Pike theorized that the emotional guarding was a trait that Pavel's father had intimidated into him. It seemed that Jim and Pike were the only two that the boy felt safe letting his guard down around. Jim was startled out of his thoughts by the sound of a door opening. Looking up, Jim saw Pavel standing in the doorway, clutching his favorite toy starship in his hand. "Hey, Pasha," Jim murmured, using the nickname that always seemed to bring a smile to his little brother's face; "Can't sleep?" The boy nodded, wrapping his arms around himself. "Well c'mere then," Jim murmured, "come keep me company, I'm kinda bored sitting out here all alone." After a minute of hesitation, Pavel made his way over to the couch and settled down next to Jim and curled up next to him. Jim smiled and tucked the blanket tighter around himself and the boy. All was silent between the two for a long time, Jim flipping distractedly through the channels and Pavel chewing nervously on the plastic rim of his model starship. Suddenly, Pavel looked up at Jim with a nervous gaze before quietly asking, "safe?" For a minute, Jim was shocked into silence before he was able to answer. "Of course you're safe, Pasha," Jim murmured drawing the boy closer, pleased when Pavel did not flinch away. "You'll always be safe, now." When Christopher Pike entered the apparent, the first thing that he saw was his two boys settled together on the couch. Their sleeping faces illuminated by the view screen. Jim was fast asleep with his arms wrapped protectively around Pavel while the boy settled against his big brother's chest. His head tucked under Jim's chin. The boys looked so peaceful that Pike was hard pressed to wake them but he and Jim had to take Pavel to Stanford early in the morning for an appointment with a doctor that specialized in working with abused children and teens. Dr. McCoy was coming along also as he was Pavel's acting physician. Pike knew that it was going to be a trying day and both boys needed all of the sleep that they could get. Kneeling down, Pike placed a hand on Jim's shoulder, shaking him awake. "Hey," Pike said gently, once Jim had opened his eyes, " 'you been up the entire time since I left?" "Mmhm," Jim responded, still half asleep, "didn't wanna go to sleep without you here. Needed to look out for the kid." "How long has he been up?" Pike asked, gesturing to Pavel. "He crashed at about 19 hundred," Jim answered, "then he woke up about an hour ago. Poor kid was having trouble settling down so I let him stay out here with me." "Alright," Pike said, clapping a hand on Jim's shoulder, "why don't you get to bed. I'll take care of Pavel." "M'kay," Jim responded, getting up and stumbling to his room, "night, dad" Pike smiled as he lifted the still sleeping fourteen year old into his arms and carrying him into his room. "Good night, son.".
A/N: Hey! So, this is my first Star Trek fic so I apologize for any mistakes or if characters are OOC. This is my first Star Trek fic so please be nice! Also, a special thanks to my fellow writer, bearsrawesome for allowing me to expand on the ideas from her fic "First Away Missions." Disclaimer: I own nothing. Also, Pike is alive in this one-shot. Jim sighed as he watched his little brother sleeping off yet another seizure in the Medbay. Ever since their last mission, Pavel's life had become a living hell. While on the mission, they had been captured and Pavel had been experimented on by a brutal doctor. The ordeal on the planet ended with Pavel being diagnosed with Epilepsy because of all of the crazy Dr. Standing's "experiments" with the effects of electricity on the teen's body. This terrible side effect had revealed itself just hours after they had escaped the planet. It had all happened so fast, one minute, Pavel was sitting on the exam table, trying to convince Dr. McCoy that he was fine and that there was no need to take any blood. Suddenly, Pavel had frozen, his whole body tensing as if preparing for a fight and looking panicked as he tried to form words. Then, he and then he was on the floor within milliseconds, his body violently convulsing. That was how they were now, Jim sitting with his back against the medical table and watching as his little brother convulsed with what Bones called a Grand Mal Epileptic Seizure. Jim winced as Pavel's head slammed into his thigh for the third time in five minutes. He wanted to stop it so badly; he longed to put himself in Pavel's place, anything to take the pain away from the boy. He had tried to take Pavel into his arms the minute this had all started, but Bones had warned him that any restraint could cause the kid even more injury. They had given him a dose of anticonvulsants, so, for now, all they could do was sit and wait for the storm to pass. When it was over, Jim took the still trembling boy in his arms and held him close as Bones checked him over and recorded the length of the Fit. Once he had partially regained his bearings, Pavel let out a pitiful whine and turned to hide his face in the crook of Kirk's neck as he began to cry. After a few minutes, Pavel felt a heavy arm wrap securely around his back as Jim stood up and began to pace around the room, just like he always did after his little brother had a nightmare. This small action comforted the boy more than Jim would ever know. It was safe. It was home. "S'alright, Pasha," Jim murmured, quietly, "I gotcha, you're alright, big brothers got ya. it's all gonna be fine." "H-he v-vouldn't s-st-top," Pavel sobbed, "e-e-ewery day, he v-vould do ze t-tests. Ewery day he v-vould make me hurt. Now eet ees n-newer going to s-s-stop." "Don't worry, Pasha," Jim said as he sat down on one of the Biobeds, still holding the boy in his arms. "We're gonna figure this out, and it's all gonna be okay. You'll see." Jim pulled out his communicator and typed in Admiral Pike's channel code. He heard a click as the now head of Star Fleet answered. "Jim, I wasn't expecting to hear from you for a few more days," Christopher Pike said, sounding pleasantly surprised, "What do you need?" "Sir, I need the number of the neurologist in San Fransisco that helped you after the Narada." "Alright," Admiral Pike said, sounding skeptical before asking, "Jim, what's going on? Are you hurt?" "It's not me," Jim said, trying to hold back the flood of emotions, "after we were rescued from our last mission, we found out that the crazy doctor on the planet messed with Pavel's body way more than any of us thought. He's started having seizures, sir. He's sick, really sick. Dr. McCoy says that he probably has Epilepsy now. It's not fair, sir! He's just a kid, a sweet, innocent kid. Why did they have to hurt him as they did? He's done nothing to deserve what they put him through!" "I know, Jim," Pike said, gently, "But its done now. All you can do now is be there for the kid and re-establish his feelings of safety and security. I'll get you the number of that neurologist, and I'll talk to you soon." When Pavel awoke again, it took all of his self-control not to rip out the IV line that was running into his arm. It also helped that there was a gentle restraining hand on his arm, preventing him from injuring himself impulsively. "Easy, kid" the distinctive voice of Jim Kirk murmured, "you're in Medbay, you had a seizure this morning on the bridge. It was a pretty violent one; you're pretty strong, you know that? Took Me, Bones and Spock to keep you still enough that you wouldn't do any serious damage to yourself." " hurts," Pavel whimpered as he attempted to turn his head. " 't hurts reely bad." "I'm not surprised," Jim said, "as I said before, you had an especially violent seizure. Bones said you're probably gonna be sore for a few days. The good news is, now that you're awake, I can get ya out of the med bay. We're gonna get you to a special doctor in the city once we get planetside. She helped Admiral Pike after the Narada, and we think she can help you with your seizures." At the mention of the word "Doctor," Pavel stiffened and screwed his eyes shut against the onslaught of flashbacks, tears beginning to trickle down his face. Realizing that mentioning the doctor had triggered painful memories for Pavel, Jim reached out and gently drew the young navigator into his arms. " S'okay kid," Jim murmured, "it's not gonna be like that, I'm gonna be with you the entire time. Nothings gonna hurt you. This doctor may help get rid of these seizures completely." "She vill not hurt me? you promise?" Pavel asked in a small voice, staring up at his big brother with tears glistening in his eyes. "On my life, Pasha, she will not hurt you" Jim promised. Pavel eyed the neurologist warily as she moved about the room, preparing an IV catheter along with other equipment. The woman seemed nice, but Pavel had learned the hard way not to trust first impressions. Pavel was jolted out of his thoughts by the feel of Jim's hand squeezing Pavel's own. Looking up, Pavel relaxed as his big brother took him into his arms and quietly whispered in his ear, " it's all gonna be alright." In the end, most of the tests went very well; the doctor was very kind and understanding. Before she performed any analysis, she would explain to Pavel in-depth what she was going to do, and she always made sure that she had the boy's express permission before going forward. The only test that was extremely difficult was a neuro scan of Pavel's brain. For that test, Pavel had to lay down on a medical table, while the doctor used special machines to induce a small seizure to get a reading on which parts of the teen's brain were being overloaded. Pavel was surprisingly complacent in being strapped down to the table and having the electrode strap put on his head. It was only when the doctor took out a small ring box, much like the one that Dr. Standing had used when torturing him that he reacted. Immediately, Pavel tried to jerk back, letting out a heartbreaking noise that was something between a scream and a sob as he fought against the restraints. "Shh, shh, Pavel," the doctor murmured, gently running a hand down the hysterical boy's arm as she undid the restraints and head strap with her other hand. "See baby," the doctor whispered as she helped Pavel sit up and gently began to pat his back, "no straps, see, I'm not gonna hurt you," "I- I v-vant my b-brozer," Pavel whimpered. "He's coming, sweetheart," the doctor soothed wrapping a blanket around the shivering teen, "I sent a nurse to go get him." Within minutes, Jim was in the room, immediately taking Pavel into his arms and beginning to pace around the room, gently rocking the boy. After a while, Pavel had calmed considerably and was convinced to try the procedure again on the condition that Jim could stay and hold his hand. It was two weeks after the appointment with the doctor, and they finally had a definitive solution. Pavel would be put on heavy doses of Epilepsy medication and anticonvulsants. This solution seemed to be working, and at least for now, that was enough for Jim.
A/N: I have skewed timeline and the ages of the characters in this one shot. Captain Pike is 52 years old in this version (The same age that he is in Star Trek Discovery). Christopher Pike let out a long-suffering sigh as he finished sending in the last of his reports for the day. It had been an extremely arduous day. First, he woke up to find that his youngest son Pavel hot and sick, the 14-year-old's still recovering immune system exacerbating his symptoms. Chris' oldest son, Jim had a quantum astrophysics midterm that day, so he was unable to stay home and keep an eye on Pavel. As a result, Chris had to bring the teen to work with him to make sure that he didn't get any sicker. Then he had to deal with a disciplinary matter between a group of cadets who were caught beating up another. Their attack resulted in the second year cadet ending up in a coma and barely clinging onto life. The fact that the cadet was only two years older than Pavel just added to Chris' rage, and he spent an hour and a half putting the fear of God in the cadets before informing them that the Academy Board would be handing down their punishment. After that fiasco, Chris alternated between writing reports, going to meetings, and dosing Pavel up with meds. As the day wore on, it became clear that the teen's condition was worsening so when Jim finished his midterms, he took Pavel to the medical center. A few minutes ago Dr. McCoy called with news that Pavel had contracted a virus and he would be unable to attend classes for at least a week while they put him on a course of antivirals and white blood cell boosters. When Pike entered the medical center room, he saw that Pavel was curled up under a blanket with his head resting on Jim's lap. His eyes were squeezed shut, and tears were streaming down his face. "He's been like this for the past hour," Jim informed his father. "McCoy and I tried to get him to fall asleep, but he won't settle down. He's been calling out for you." "Hey bud, I hear you're not feeling too well," Chris murmured as he lifted Pavel into his arms and began to rock him. The teen just whimpered and pressed his forehead against his father's shoulder. "I just signed his discharge papers. Nurse Chapel is just getting together his meds, and then we can go," Jim whispered as he reached out and patted his little brother's back. The small family sat quietly in the room, Chris gently rocking Pavel in his arms, trying to soothe him to sleep as while Jim sat with his feet tucked under him, watching a movie on his tablet with his head resting on his father's shoulder. "He's still so tiny, even after four months with us.," Jim murmured in solemn fascination. "He was abused and neglected for god knows how many years," Pike reminded his eldest quietly. "I'm impressed that his weight has improved this fast. Speaking of which, what'd he weigh in at today?" he asked. "95 lbs," Jim answered with a small smile. " Bones says that we may be able to take him off of the feeding tube within the next month! Thank god for tiny miracles." "That's great," Chris whispered in response. "But I'm not surprised, our boy is a fighter, he's proved that thousands of times over." "What're we gonna do about watching him?" Jim asked as he helped his father dress his still sleeping brother. They had received Pavel's medications and were preparing to head home. "He can't be left on his own, and you have so many meetings that you're rarely in your office. I guess I can contact my instructors and see about getting a dispensation for a week. Uhura is in a few of my classes; I can ask if she can bring me the course work." "No, I've already got one of you missing classes, I don't need both of you cooped up in the house. I'll see if Spock can keep an eye on him." Chris said firmly "Spock's not on planet," Jim said, "He's on Vulcan, visiting his parents but his sister Michael is planetside. "Pavel seems to feel pretty safe with her, and given that she has basic medical training, I think that is a great idea. I'll give her a call tomorrow and see if she'd be up for looking after him," Chris proposed as he lifted Pavel from the exam bed and into his arms, shushing the tiny 14-year-old as he whimpered at the loss of warmth. But for now let's get home, we'll all feel better after a good night's sleep. Luckily we've got a three day weekend starting tomorrow so we can relax. It's been a rough week." Jim nodded in agreement as he followed his father out to the speeder. He popped the trunk and grabbed a weighted blanket that Chris always kept in the car, in case either of his boys experienced a panic attack. He came around to the side of the car and tucked the blanket around his brother who was safely buckled into a modified child's seat. Pavel muttered in his sleep and turned his head to rest against the window. "Once Pavel is better, what would you boys say to us heading down to the house in Mojave for a week? Maybe see your cousins and grandparents?" Chris asked. "So you'd exempt me from classes to go on vacation but not to take care of my sick brother?" Jim asked in mock offense. "Kinda warped thinking. But it would be nice to get a break." "I don't want you to catch whatever Pavel's got. God knows with your immune system it'd happen and then I'd have to spend all of my sick and vacation leave to take care of you both. Then none of us would get a break," Chris answered teasingly as pulled the car into the parking garage of their apartment building. "Now, why we get you, boys, upstairs and into bed? You've both had a long day," he continued as he unbuckled Pavel from the back of the car and settled the teen on his hip. Surprisingly, the teen didn't wake, only settling his head in the crook of his father's neck. Jim let out a sound of agreement stumbling as he climbed out of the car and leaned listlessly against his father's side. Within twenty minutes, Pavel was tucked safely into bed, and Jim was curled up on the couch with his father, the two of them watching War of the Worlds. Chris looked over at his eldest with a fond smile as Jim blinked heavily, apparently trying to stay awake. Slowly, so as not to startle the young man, Chris wrapped an arm about Jim's shoulders, pulling the 21-year-old to rest against his chest, head placed right above his heart. "I knew you were exhausted," Chris chuckled as Jim let out a content sigh and finally closed his eyes. "Sleep son, you're safe. I'm right here." he continued soothingly. "G'night dad," Jim responded quietly. " 'Love you." Chris pressed a kiss to the top of his son's head in response. "I love you too, kiddo, with all my heart."
A/N: I have skewed timeline and the ages of the characters in this one-shot. Captain Pike is 52 years old in this version (The same age that he is in Star Trek Discovery). Christopher Pike sighed as he unlocked the door to his apartment. It had been a long and hectic day of him rushing from one meeting to another and dealing with disciplinary matters involving a large number of cadets that he sponsored. "Just because I am one of Starfleet's most decorated captains, they think that they can push all of the most troubled cadets on me," he thought bitterly. However, his annoyance at his superiors vanished as he opened the door the apartment and was greeted by laughter. As he walked into the living area, he saw his two sons, Jim and Pavel, seated on the floor at the coffee table, with a deck of cards spread out between them. "I'm not cheating!" Pavel declared with a laugh. "Kid, there's no way that beat me for a fourth time in a row at a card game that I have been playing for longer than you've been alive!" Jim retorted as he shuffled the cards. "Well it's nice to see that you two are having a good time," Chris said from his place in the doorway, causing his boys to look up at him with welcome smiles. "What're you two playing anyway?" "Sergeant Major," Jim answered. "Spock's sister Michael taught it to Pavel when we were at that interplanetary conference last month. The kid's only played it three times before, and he's already on a four-round winning streak!" "Well, let's see if we can fix that," Chris responded with a teasing smile as Pavel shot him a look of mock offense. "Deal me in, I'm just going to change out of my uniform, and then I'll join you, boys." "Unbelievable!" Jim growled as threw his hands up in frustration. "Dad! You were supposed to help me by breaking Pavel's winning streak, not starting one of your own! No wonder you ran that underground poker game at S.T.C, you're so damn good a poker!" "Vhait, papa ran an illegal poker game as a cadet?!" Pavel asked, setting down his cards and staring at his father and brother, clearly finding this information very intriguing. "Okay, first of all, don't you boys get any ideas. Jim, I'm talking to you," Chris said. "Second of all, I wanna know where you heard that." "Dr. Boyce told me the last time that I was in the clinic," Jim answered. "Though he said that you would tell me the whole story if I asked. So, is it true?" "Damn you, Phil," Chris muttered under his breath. "Fine, I'll tell you boys the story, but you have to promise not to tell anyone else and Jim, I want your word that you won't get any ideas from this." At his sons' affirmative responses, Chris moved them to the couch and began the story. "When I was a cadet, there were no conduct provisions that restricted cadets gambling during off duty hours. It was classified as being immoral, but it was technically permissible. So your uncle Jon and I started an underground poker game on weekends. We were young and stupid, thinking that there was no way that we would get caught. Well, after about three months of doing this, our quartermaster walks in on one of the games and swept our chips and cards off the table. So I did what any ticked off, and slightly drunk person would do. I punched him in the throat and broke his arm. I think that he was just mad that I didn't invite him to play. Your uncle and I were placed on academic suspension, which finally sobered us up enough to toe the line and graduate with top marks." The boys just stared at their father in amazement. "And rest assured that if either of you decides to do something as stupid as I did; I will personally ensure that neither of you sees the inside of a Starship for the duration of your Starfleet careers, understood?" Chris asked. "Yes sir," his sons chorused in response. "Good," the young father responded. "Now, I've had an exhausting day, so what do you boys say that we order dinner and put on a movie? I may regret it, but I'll let you boys pick what we watch." The boys cheered and bolted over to the video screen to pick out a movie. Chris smiled as he put the cards away before following his charges into the other room.
