''Father… why does mother not want me?'' Spock stops in his tracks, the brutal honesty of his daughters question seeming to suck all the air out of his lungs. ''Clarify, young one.'' ''Approximately three years ago Mother indicated to you that she no longer wished to remain bonded to you and that you should take me with you when you severed your bond. I merely wished to know, now that I am six years of age, why my mother felt the need to discard our familial bonds.'' Looking down at his daughter, her severe expression so unnatural on her tiny elfin face, he finds that he wishes desperately that he could let go of his Vulcan controls and simply embrace her. He curses T'Pring for the thousandth time for placing him in this situation. It did not matter how she had treated him for all those years when he had lived on Vulcan with her as his wife. He would never forgive her for causing this uncertainty in his daughter. ''This is not a matter I can explain to you young one, as I cannot presume to know your mothers mind or thoughts.'' He deflects and his heart give a squeeze as he sees his daughters shoulders droop in disappointment. ''I see.'' He hears her small voice float up from somewhere near the vicinity of his knees and he sighs quietly. Bending down, ignoring the looks of the passing humans, he carefully brushes a hand against her temple in rare display of public affection. ''It matters not T'lera, as I will always value you. I will always 'want' you. You are blood of my blood and my sole reason for living. It is only logical to love and cherish ones children. I cherish thee. I care for thee, my young one.'' He whispers quietly to her and he breathes a sigh of relief as he sees a small smile appear in the corner of her lips before it too quickly vanishes. ''I cherish thee as well, father.'' ''Indeed.'' His eyes are warm and gentle as he stands up and reaches out his hand. ''I thought it inappropriate for a Vulcan of my age to still need the guidance of her father's hand when crossing a road.'' ''Today we will make an exception.'' He says simply as he clasps her tiny fragile hand in his own, projecting his love and reassurance through their contact. He can feel her happiness in this moment. She knows that she will always be loved, be cherished, that he would die before he allows anyone or anything to come between them or hurt her. ''Father? May we please purchase what my peers refer to as 'ice cream' on the way back to our home?'' he hears her mutter thirty-five minutes into their walk and he follows her gaze over the road to where a human male is exuberantly fighting off a dozen children who are all screaming for the sweetened snack. ''I am, as your father, compelled to point out that you have yet to partake in your evening meal and that should you dine on this sweetened frozen dairy product, there is a statistically likelihood of seventy-four point nine percent that you will be too full to finish your main meal.'' ''I disagree Father. I estimate there to be only a forty-nine percent chance that it will indeed ruin my dinner.'' He sees her pout and he lifts his eyebrow at her faulty mathematics. ''I see you are learning the art of persuasion.'' He says referring to her pouty bottom lip which juts out defiantly and a slight shrug of her shoulders suggests she agrees with him. ''I have observed other children display this characteristic when they have set eyes upon something that they desire. It appears to always be successful.'' ''Of course.'' He murmurs and giving in to his daughters whims he leads them across the road and Spock braces himself for the struggle ahead. Pushing his way through the throngs of screaming, sweaty, laughing children he eventually reaches the man who is expertly navigating this minefield of emotions that he himself is desperate to avoid. Spock's first thought as the main gazes up and into his eyes is just how very blue this man's eyes are. Almost artificially so. His nose is dusted with light freckles which taper off and vanish as his cheekbones are highlighted by the sun. His hair is blond, but not just with one shade, but with no less than five different variations of the colour. His teeth are straight and white against his tanned, golden skin, his lips a rosy shade of red and Spock simply stares. His heart has skipped no less than four beats in the minute that he has locked eyes with this stranger. He is, for lack of a better word, stunning. ''Hey man, you okay?'' he hears the man ask and Spock quickly suppresses the urge to ask him to repeat himself simply so that he can revel in the timber, the bass of the man's voice again. ''I... am adequate. I wish to purchase…'' he stutters mid-speech as the man begins to snicker. ''We have strawberry, vanilla, mint and chocolate chip today. Although I've read that chocolate doesn't go well with you guys.'' The man smirks and Spock takes a step back in response, his stomach churning for some unexplainable reason. ''Vanilla. One. Please.'' He manages to croak out and he curses that his voice has come out similar to that of a human male experiencing puberty. ''Sure. Two credits please.'' The man says again and Spock swallows, his adams apple bobbing in his throat as he sees the blonde god stick his tongue out from the corner of his mouth as he scoops the frozen dairy product into what he now recalls is a 'cone' for holding the snack. Spock hands him the money wordlessly, his eyes never leaving the perplexingly stunning sight and as the credit chip is passed over, he almost groans in regret when the man purposefully avoids touching him. ''Voila! One vanilla ice cream.'' The 'ice-cream' is melting in the hot summer day but Spock could not care less at this moment in time as he vaguely feels the sticky moisture run down his fingers when he takes it from him. ''Are you sure you're okay?'' ''Yes.'' ''Okay. Uh, see you around?'' ''Yes.'' Spock takes a step back and turns on his heels, narrowly avoiding knocking over a child as he turns, so desperate was he to return to normalcy. ''Father…? You have been unresponsive for three minutes.'' He feels a tug on his sleeve and he guiltily and belatedly realises that his daughter has been trying to garner his attention. ''I am well, T'lera. I was simply… deep in thought.'' He frowns slightly as he passes the dripping food over to his daughter who is nearly vibrating with excitement at being bought a 'treat'. ''Once you have eaten, we will cut our walk short as I have an urgent matter to attend to.'' He follows his daughter unthinkingly as she seats herself on a wooden park bench and he takes the seat beside her. He is conflicted. His eyes return to the man at the ice cream stand every two minutes for approximately thirty seconds at a time. He feels drawn in, caught like a proverbial moth to a flame as he watches the man interact with the children, laughing, ruffling their hair and swatting at the ones who are over-eager. He has thus far never felt this type of attraction to anyone. This need to consume, to devour, to discover. He curses his human half for bringing forth such new emotions, such new sensations, such new urges and he forces his eyes away to look back to his daughter who has taken to swinging her feet back and forth above the ground as she eats. He takes a deep breath and marvels at how she is always able to centre him. She is a remarkable child. It is not logical to feel pride and yet he is fit to bursting with it whenever he looks upon her. Having moved to Earth two years ago she has adapted to her surrounding with such ease that he almost envies her. And while it is not the Vulcan way to express so much emotion in one's facial expressions or body language, he cannot find it in himself to correct her. She is perfect the way she is. It is not Vulcan to have friends. And yet when he collects her from day-care each day his heart is warmed to see her surrounded by humans who claim to be just that. Yes, this, she - his daughter - was all he needed in his life. His eyes flicker back to the ice-cream stand and his breath catches as he his transfixed by the colour blue staring back at him. A smile spreads on his lips and for the first time in years since his bond was broken with his wife… he feels… fascinated. He does not know why he returns to the same park an exact week later. He does not know if the man will be there and yet he feels compelled to go anyway. His daughter, who he has collected from day-care, has come along with him and if he feels a slight twinge of guilt of using her as an excuse to once more visit this recreational area for children, he stifles it as soon as it appears. ''Father, I have sensed that you have been most agitated as of late. May I enquire as to the source of your discomfort?'' Spock wishes for a moment that his child was not so adept at figuring out his moods and sighs internally as her inquisitive brown eyes shine up at him. She looks so much like her mother in this moment that he feels an itch start at the back of his neck. He resists the temptation to scratch under her scrutinising stare. How could he explain to his six year old daughter that he has been absolutely and utterly beguiled by an ice-cream man? That his thoughts had been plagued by visions of a golden haired beauty each night before he commits himself to sleep? How could he explain this new fluttering sensation he feels in the region of his intestines whenever he thinks of the man? His excitement at once more setting eyes on the human that has bewitched him is palpable in the air and as they cross the road to the park, his hand twitches around hers as his eyes scan their surroundings. Searching eagerly for some sign of him. ''I am not experiencing any discomfort. Merely an emotion that I am unfamiliar with.'' He corrects her and he ignores her own raised eyebrow of disbelief. ''Do you intend to once again purchase me an ice-cream? I have heard of children who get rewarded weekly if their behaviour has been acceptable. Am I to assume that you have adopted the idea?'' she comments and he stops to look down at her with a small frown. ''Your behaviour has always been commendable for someone of your age. I do not need a reason to indulge you in dietary treats. I do so simply because I wish too.'' He says and he sees how she represses the urge to giggle at him. ''As you say, father.'' But her words are underlined with pride at being praised and if she skips the last three steps to the bench he does not comment on it. ''What are we waiting for?'' ''T'lera, whist I appreciate that you have a curious mind and are always eager to learn…why do you feel the need to question everything? I find that if you spend too long questioning what it is or why something is that way, then you lose the chance to admire the simple beauty of it existing altogether.'' He raises a brow at her contemplative look and when they sit and wait on the bench, she folds her tiny hands in her lap and simply stares off into the distance, a slight quirk to her mouth as she also observes her surroundings. The two sit in companionable silence until both are startled, a tiny and later deniable squeak leaving his daughter and he, himself puffing out a breath from shock. The sound is atrocious, a blaring melody of rock music which Spock would swear he can feel penetrating through to his bones. He cocks his head to the side and wishes briefly that Vulcan hearing was not twice that of humans. Absolute pandemonium breaks out as the vehicle comes to a standstill and every child within the recreational area practically sprints towards the music. The music mercifully switches itself off and it is instantly replaced by screaming children. He does not know which he would prefer if he were ever given a choice. ''Father, may I attempt to purchase the ice-cream myself?'' his daughter asks and he is loathe to grant her this wish. ''Humans, as you know, especially children are not adept at controlling their emotions. You are a touch telepath, my young one. I would not see you overwhelmed or hurt by transference if they should come into close bodily contact with you.'' He says and ah… there comes the lip again. ''I am on Earth. I am six years of age and three grades above my age group. Father, I am well aware that I could be overwhelmed by others emotions however I still feel it would be in my best interest to attempt this. If I learn at a young age to control what emotions bleed through my shields, I can then in turn learn to adapt so that it does not occur again.'' He is proud. And dare he say - highly amused- at her impassioned speech of how she should be given the freedom to do as she so wishes. He takes a torturous moment – for her – to internally debate with himself. He has as of yet not dared to look over to the vendor selling the ice-creams, a part of him dreading the disappointment if the man he is searching for is not there and equally dreading the influx of emotions he will experience if he is there. Perhaps his daughter going would allow him to continue observing from a distance and therefore give him a chance to further analyse why he is so drawn to this man. ''Very well. However, if you feel any discomfort….'' He can sense her sigh of frustration and he watches avidly how she controls what would have no doubt been a spectacular tantrum, were she a human child. ''Thank you, father. May I please have the necessary funds to make my purchase?'' He hands her the credits she has asked for and before he can caution her again – his mouth opening uselessly- he sees her walking briskly and bravely to the mass of screaming pink humans. Her school uniform is an eye-catching blue, the red ribbon in her tied up black hair a startling contrast to her surroundings and he is thankful that her clothing makes her easy to keep track of. He sees how she navigates the children, her shoulders twisting in ungodly ways as she attempts to evade the children who are all pushing against each other – hands outstretched towards the vehicle. She reaches the front and he illogically finds himself holding his breath as she makes her first ever purchase by herself and when his gaze starts to drift up, above her head, he forgets to breathe entirely as he catches sight of the man who has haunted his waking and sleeping moments. Terrifyingly beautiful blue eyes have caught his own again and even as the man bends down to listen to his daughter's request, it never leaves him. Spock feels himself flush under the hot sun; his normally pale skin turning a shade of green similar to the leaves and grass surrounding him. His daughter continues to speak and when the man straightens and turns his body in Spock's direction with a wink – Spock finally remembers that breathing is conducive to staying alive. The air he has been withholding bursts out of him in a gust as his lips part. The man is walking towards him, T'lera by his side, the screaming clamouring children now being attended to by a severe looking man, a grimace constantly on his face. Why, oh why has his daughter deemed it necessary to bring this man along with her? Did he perhaps give her the incorrect funds? Has she offended him somehow? Would he have to speak to this man and bear witness once again to his own humiliation when his voice cracks again? ''Hi.'' Says the man and Spock estimates that he has precisely four seconds in which to find his voice or he will be categorised as an imbecile. First impressions are made so quickly on this planet after all. ''Hello.'' He is proud his voice has not cracked. He is however disturbed to find that the closer the man walks, the more his body reacts. He is suddenly hyper-aware of how much distance lies between the two of them. Seven exact steps and Spock will be able to smell the man. To see the pores on his nose, to see the creases around his eyes when he smiles. His heart rate increases to dangerous levels and he wills it to slow down immediately lest he make a fool of himself and succumb to a 'dizzy spell'. ''Your girl was very brave just now. She told me that as this was her first time buying anything and that she wanted me to come over and give you a report of how the whole thing went.'' He says with a chuckle and Spock can only nod in response. ''So, uh... she did really well. She was… clear and concise in her order and she handled the exchange of money with ease.'' ''Indeed.'' He says as he fights not to close his eyes in bliss as the human continues to speak. ''I know this is awkward as hell … but, T'lera is it? Yeah, T'lera also told me that you have been… thinking of me? It's cool if you haven't… I mean I just thought you know, that if you have... that the two of us should maybe goforadrinksometime?'' Spock blinks twice at the garbled end of the humans sentence, realising the man is experiencing embarrassment. His gaze swiftly turns on his daughter in irritation for the violation of his privacy. She appears to feel no shame for the fact that she has purposefully set up this encounter. ''Never mind. It's cool. I'll just –'' the man backs away with his hands in the air and Spock's brain restarts itself. ''My daughter is correct. I have 'been thinking about you'.'' He will die of mortification in his private chambers… later. ''Hey, that's good. I mean that's great. So do you –'' ''I am not against meeting you at a later date to partake in alcoholic beverages.'' The golden-haired man laughs, running his hand through his hair, the strands parting expertly between his long fingers and Spock finds himself following the arch of the human's wrist, up to his palms and further up to the tips of his fingers. ''I am Spock.'' He introduces himself and he is intrigued further when the man mouths the word Spock silently, the shape of his mouth contorting in fascinating ways as he murmurs each letter. ''It's a pleasure to meet you Spock. I'm James Kirk.'' He holds up his hand in the taal and Spock returns the greeting, surprise lifting both of his brows. He feels the warmth of the sun settle somewhere deep in his gut along with another feeling he cannot place. He files away the memory of this beautiful man and his rebellious daughter to be reviewed later. It is indeed a pleasure.
He has arrived early. Thirty-five minutes early, in fact. He recalls the details of his meeting with James, the one-hundred and ten different details which all pertain to the human's physical appearance and personality. He can recall James' light-hearted laughter, the deep and rich quality of his voice as he spoke and yet he cannot remember any of the actual words being spoken when they met. He recalls the way the breeze blew strands of hair onto James' forehead, an attractive curl forming and the restraint it took for him to not push it back with shaking fingers. He recalls the freckles scattered along his forearms, the blonde hair dusting the surface of skin in swirls and the spark of curiosity that had flared in him as he thought about what patterns they would make should he trace them with his finger. ''Excuse me Sir? Are you ready to order?'' He declines the waitress's offer and sighs quietly as he stares out the restaurants windows. It irks him to no end that he has developed these feelings when he has lived the last twenty-eight years of his life without them. He has not - nor has he ever been - attracted to T'Pring. Yes, he thought that she had the appropriate aesthetic qualities that others would deem beautiful, but whenever his eyes had fallen upon her all he had managed to observe, was her ice cold exterior and the disdain in her eyes whenever she had taken the time to afford him any attention. A shiver crept down his spine as he sat waiting in the restaurant that James had recommend they convene in; the customers were all conversing animatedly about their daily lives and Spock wonders briefly what his life would have been like had he been born fully human, before dismissing the thought as irrelevant. This was his life; if he had not been born by the human Lady Amanda he would not now have his daughter. Spock looks down at his clothes and a small frown creases his mouth. Why is he so concerned about his state of dress? These are merely pieces of fabric to cover his body and protect it from the environment and yet he has this illogical urge to appear appealing to the human he is about to meet. Logically, James would not have invited him out for a 'date' as the humans say, if he did not find something appealing about his person and yet he has another feeling that is plaguing him. Doubt. His self-confidence was a matter which he had long thought had never existed. Having never been praised or looked upon as worthy by anyone other than his mother, he had long ago stopped seeking the approval of others. And yet here he sits, doubting and over-thinking every aspect and detail of his very existence, all merely because he wishes to gain the approval of a single human being. If he were more human he would laugh at himself derisively, instead all he does is continue to swirl his thumbs together beneath the table and eagerly anticipate James' arrival. A bell sounds off in the distance above the restaurants door and he turns his head so quickly in that direction that he may have to seek medical attention after this encounter. He grimaces slightly as he performs a light version of a Vulcan neck pinch on himself, forcing the muscles to relax. Impatience. He is not accustomed to dealing with these emotions and for some highly unusual reason and with no logic to fall back on he finds himself becoming more and more angry as the minutes seemed to pass. Why? He questions and the absurdity of the whole situation prompts him to stand, gather his belongings and make for the exit before he can make a fool of himself. The bell sounds again and Spock's stomach proceeds to land somewhere round the region of his knees. He will not look in that direction, disappointment at the lack of James' appearance settles heavily in his gut and with a resigned sigh at the failure of his first ever date, he turns. ''Spock? Going somewhere?'' a low, confused voice questions him and he lifts his head to face the direction of the voice. ''I…'' he starts but the man smiles and his thoughts derail, his mouth falling open slightly at the sight. ''Look, I'm so sorry I'm a bit late. I teach classes on campus down the road and the students just wouldn't let me leave today.'' He chuckles and Spock just simply nods his head. ''You weren't gonna bail on me, were you?'' he asks and confoundingly Spock pictures them in together in a small boat, sinking but laughing as they bail out water using wooden buckets. He stifles a snort and closes his eyes for a brief second as he tries to compose himself. His irrational anger from earlier having dissipated the moment James had appeared. ''I cannot tell a lie. I was indeed about to leave.'' ''Why? Cause I was a few minutes late?'' he hears and is surprised to find a haughty tone to the man's voice. ''It is of no matter. You are here now.'' ''Ok then. But I must warn you I may not be able to always be on time in the future.'' James says as he puts a hand on Spock's lower back and guides him back his seat. Spock for all his eloquence and literary knowledge, all the vast information his mind can absorb, cannot think of a single thing to say to this human seated across from him now. Was he perhaps intellectually inferior to this man or is it a case of at this moment simply not having anything common. Were dates between humans always this awkward in the beginning? ''Spock!'' He snaps his head up and blushes a light green as he realizes James has been speaking to him and he has essentially blanked out every word. ''My apologies James, I am…. '' ''Are you nervous?'' he queries and Spock's mind flicks back to his research on the creation of black holes and wonders how to create one that would only singularly suck him up and out of existence whilst leaving the rest of the vicinity unscathed. ''No.'' he replies seriously. ''It's OK you know. I am too.'' The human smirks, the dusting of light freckles on his cheeks turning a darker colour as the blush he is trying to conceal pushes through regardless. ''I see. I will alter my statement from earlier. I am simply unfamiliar with the protocols of how a ''date'' is meant to be carried out and find myself…'' ''You're nervous.'' ''I am not.'' James begins to laugh, his hand coming up under his chin, the stubble on his face making a rasping sound against the smooth skin on his palm and it finally dawns on Spock that he is being teased, affectionately so. ''Very well. Lest I wish to continue to be teased I will agree to your statement simply because I do not know how to reciprocate your behaviour.'' ''You're surprisingly honest and straightforward for a Vulcan, Spock. I like it.'' James grins and Spock bizarrely breathes a sigh of relief at this man's acceptance of him. ''T'Lera says that they make a mean vegetarian pizza here.'' James mumbles from behind his menu and Spock's eyebrows raise in confusion. ''I was unaware that you had had the time to discuss culinary options with my daughter the last time we encountered one another.'' ''You've got a smart girl there, Spock. Somehow, she managed to track down my comm details. I hope you don't mind me speaking to her.'' He asks hesitantly, an anxious tone to his voice as if though he were afraid that he had crossed some Vulcan taboo. ''I shall have to speak to her again about maintaining values and codes of privacy and personal space. Please accept my apologies for her behaviour.'' ''No, no it's fine. I'm glad she tracked me down, it gave me a chance to suss out where I wanted to meet with you. Plus, if she had maintained those codes and values you keeping going on about we wouldn't be here in the first place and I'm very, very happy she broke them.'' A warm feeling situates itself inside Spock's chest cavity as he interprets James statement. He is happy that he is here. With Spock. ''Anyway, she reminds me a lot of my son.'' He says and Spock chokes on the minuscule amount of water that he has just started sipping from his glass. ''You have a child?'' ''His name is David.''
It broke her to leave him. To see his tiny body, which had grown inside of her these past months, lying so still and calm in her arms. At only a day old it was almost too much to bear as she traced a finger down the pointed ears of her child, over his slanted brows and down his button nose; her own features reflecting back at her. She pulls his blanket higher up, tucking it beneath his chin as she places a lingering kiss on his forehead. She blinks furiously to dispel the onslaught of tears which threatens her resolve, digging deep into her Romulan roots she clings desperately onto what is left of her pride and dignity. She has no other option. Logic dictates that this is the only course of action she can take to ensure that her child may live. Her heart clenches and skips a beat when the bundle in her arms stirs, a small mewl escaping his pink mouth as he settles deeper into the blanket. She holds him closer to her chest hoping the sound of her heart beat and the warmth of her body will keep him calm and quiet. The docks are empty at this late hour, nothing but the cargo swaying in the breeze from long fraying ropes, the smell of oil and rusted metal strong in the air as she cautiously approaches the ship she has selected for this final act of motherhood. The ship is a pirate vessel, the brands scorched into the side a clear indicator of their nefarious deeds and status amongst the other vessels who docked here to carry out their business. The leader was infamous for his antics and was widely used amongst the high class of her kind when official channels were not adequate. She has taken the time to investigate the leader R'faan; his brutality towards his enemies, his wisdom in battle and his cunning and charm when dealing with politicians to be equally as commendable as it was worrisome. And yet… It was his hidden compassion for the lost and the lonely that ultimately led her to choosing him amongst all others to ferry away this precious cargo of hers. She had seen how he raised the young ones he had gathered into his fold from scrawny weaklings into loyal warriors of note. He was stern and perhaps cruel to a point and her child would by no means live a life of love and luxury but he would be looked after and learn to survive. If his true identity were to be discovered he would surely be killed. Upon reaching the crates due to be loaded within the next two hours, she cradles her unwanted yet desperately wanted infant son to her chest for a brief moment, saying a short prayer in her native tongue before placing him amongst the grass embedded between the ships food rations. She stares down at his tiny elfin face, each line and crease being burned to her memory, before turning on her heel and walking away. She cannot look back. She must not look back for fear that she will scoop her child back into her arms and flee along with him. A sharp shrill cry pierces the nights silence and she clutches her head as she feels her familial bond begin to splinter and writhe in agony. The child's mind grabs frantically at hers – before she slams her shields down and blocks out his mind with more force than she had intended. This is for the best she continues to chant as she fights the debilitating pain of a broken bond, her tears now flowing freely as her wide eyes stare off into the distance. The child has gone quiet and nothing but her own muffled sobs can be heard throughout the silence. A bastard son of a Princess. The true heir to the Romulan Empire. Abandoned and unwanted. He would be forgotten and never found. This was all she could hope for. ****************** One year later ********************** ''Sir. Our scanners are picking up a vessel. Mid-size, minimal hull damage - however scans show only a two life forms on board.'' Chekov instructs as his hand fly about the science station, gathering more readings. ''ETA Mr Chekov?'' Captain Kirk asks, his tone bright and cheery, an apple being tossed from one hand to the other as he surveys the viewing screen. ''We should be arriving in 25 minutes Captain. Scans show we should be able to transport over directly into their cargo bay.'' ''Very good Mr Chekov. Uhura, Bones, Sulu… you're up.'' He places his uneaten apple down and stretches before turning to face the landing party he has just summoned, ignoring the glare from his CMO, the resigned look on Uhura's face and the lines of apprehension drawn across his pilot's forehead. ''What's with the mood, guys?'' he asks before he can think better of the question. ''Jim, the last time the four of us beamed aboard a supposedly 'damaged' vessel, you ended up in my sickbay for a week with two broken legs and fractured skull!'' ''Hey, come on. How was I supposed to know it was an ambush?'' ''And don't forget the mission before that where Sulu was exposed to enough laughing gas that his eyeballs nearly exploded out of his head from all his cackling.'' Bones hisses as Sulu visibly shivers at the mention of his experience. ''Once again, I'd like to point out that was still totally not my fault that the button for the lights was next to the button that released the gas in the first place. Damn Tellerite ships are ass backwards.'' The four make their way to the turbo lift bickering with all seriousness and at the same time half-heartedly at their many, many oh my god so many brushes with death - the lift zooming across decks to the transporter room. ''This will be easy. Let's presume the beings on board are hostile for now. Keep your eyes open people. Ah! Chekov just sent across the schematics of the ship. Seems to be a pirate vessel of unknown origins. We'll board her, check her out and be back here in under an hour.'' He smirks at the collective groan that echoes around the room. ''Dammit Jim! If this goes south it'll be cause you opened your damn mouth and cursed the lotta us.'' His southern accent deep and thick as he storms off to take his place on the transporter. Jim sighs and shakes his head. Superstitious old man. He hops up the step to the pad, standing in front of them all before quickly leaning back and placing a kiss on Uhura's cheek. ''This is gonna be fun, babe.'' He whispers and she rolls her eyes. ''You know I hate it when you call me that while we're on duty.'' ''Whatever you say …babe.'' He winks before he turns to stare at the ensign controlling the transporter panel. ''Energise.'' As one would expect from a derelict ship with hull damage, it was dark and smoky - the red beacons across the tops of the walls flashing warnings of danger that had already come to pass. Sections of the floor had disappeared and only the blue hum of a containment field protecting the contents and persons within from getting sucked out into the vacuum of space. Kirk and his team stepped over the few corpses lining the floor, Bones anxiously scanning for any sign of life, shaking his head solemnly as he detected none. The cargo that the ship had been carrying was strewn about the floor; food rations, poorly assembled phasers and other black market paraphernalia rolled gently back and forth over the ships floor as the on-board computer fought to maintain gravity aboard the ship. ''What the hell happened here?'' Uhura whispered to Sulu, who shrugged his shoulders muttering something about how this ship had no real fire power and someone must have wanted what was on it badly enough to risk destroying it. ''Bones, can we tell where those life readings are coming from?'' Jim waves a hand in a circle around him but drops to inspect what looks like a doll made from straw. He places it down gently and a frown creases his mouth as he realises there may be children aboard. ''Another fifty feet or so, Jim. Hang a left and straight on for another ten feet.'' Avoiding the crackling and spurting of electrical wires and short circuiting sockets and lights, the team cautiously make their way forward. Bones and Uhura at the back, Sulu and Kirk up front. All ever watchful as they scanned their surroundings, their past experiences still fresh in their minds. ''Through here, Jim.'' The door hisses open loudly and Kirk flinches at the sound of scraping metal on metal. He can't see what's in the room so he activates his tricorder, hoping to find a panel of some sort on the wall that would get the lights. Uhura gasps as the lights come on, her hand flying to her mouth as an 'oh my god' of pure horror leaves her mouth accompanied by a gagging sound that quickly saw her retching into the corner of the room. Six cages of varying sizes. Six bodies all in various stages of decomposition, arms and legs hideously contorted and draped through the bars. The black abyss of their mouths and hollow seeming to suck out all the air as their soundless screams echoed around the room. He could see that at least three of the bodies were those of children. Couldn't be any more than three or four years old. ''Goddammit!'' Jim swears, his fingers coming up to squeeze the bridge of his nose, his eyes shutting as he tries to refocus and orient himself. The smell has started to make itself known over the smoke filled air and he takes a step towards Uhura, an arm coming over her shoulder. He squeezes lightly once, a look in his eye asking silently if she was up for this. She shakes her head slowly and Kirk is proud that she has the ability to know when she has been emotionally compromised by a mission. ''Mister Sulu. Please step outside with Uhura for the time being, while Bones and I assess the situation.'' He says sternly, his captain's persona shining through, stronger and more confident than he felt but that is what is needed at this time. He watches them leave the room before turning around to face Bones. ''Find out what the fuck happened here, Bones.'' ''On it.'' ''I thought you said there were life signs?!'' ''There were! Or at least there still is!'' Kirk hears a small cough from the corner cage and he spins around so fast he nearly loses his balance in his haste to draw his phaser to face the supposed threat. Another small cough. ''Bones. There's something alive inside that first cage.'' ''Jim... be careful will ya!'' Kirk walks slowly towards the cage, all he can see is the dead body of an adult male. He doesn't want to look any further but he can't resist the urge to look. The cage is locked but a quick dial down on the power settings on his phaser does the trick. He shoots with precision on the joints - the cage popping open with an overly exaggerated screech. He sees a small amount of movement behind the corpse, hears the minute rustling of cloth and his blue eyes track the movement. Being aware that it could very well be some space critter with poisonous teeth that somehow made it on the ship, he uses his steel plated boots to roll the dead body off the suspicious bundle. ''Jesus Christ!'' His hands dart forward before his brain has even processed what it is that he is doing. A small black, grimy face of a baby appears; the blanket draped over the child falling back as Kirk lifts him into his arms. The kid makes no sound apart from his coughing. No crying or whimpering, no movement at all instead lying limp in his arms as it stares at the nearest wall. ''Good god man!'' he hears Bones yell before the already too small cage is filled with the doctors presence, the whirring of his tricorder being replaced by the rummaging sounds of him digging inside his medical bag. ''It's a baby, Bones. I can't believe this… it's like fucking Tarsus all over again. Dying kids everywhere, death and disease. Jesus Christ.'' He growls angrily only to apologise profusely to the child in his arms who had moved one gaunt, sickly eye to look at the source of noise. ''Jim we need to get him back on board. Let me take him.'' ''No, no I need to be the one to do this. I couldn't save anyone on Tarsus, let me do this. Please.'' Bones stares at him for a minute wanting to mention that Jim had saved twelve people in fact and wondered briefly it was worth the effort to point out that the Captain had lost his reason. He could declare him unfit to command and stating that he was emotionally compromised by the mission, but hell – at this point who wasn't. ''Let me give him a quick shot, it should clear his airways long enough for me to give him a proper exam back on the enterprise.'' He produces a hypo seemingly from nowhere and Kirk braces himself for the squeal of pain that all infants give out upon being injected with a large needle but nothing but a small flinch escapes him. Kirk doesn't know what to think staring down at the boy in puzzlement. Has the kid been subjected to so much trauma in his short life that he has numbed himself to it all or is he just that defeated and battered that a little more pain doesn't matter? ''Scans showed there were two life signs aboard. Bones can you tell which direction the other one is in?'' He cradles the bundle to his chest and begins a soft patting rhythm on the child's back as he begins to pace back and forth across the room. ''Yeah, just give me a sec' and I'll have a look for you.'' The whirring of the tricorder is interrupted by several grunts of frustration before finally showing a location. ''It's coming from the bridge. Jim – I really do think we should beam back and send another team over. The kid probably hasn't had a decent meal since he was born. We need to take him back, Kid.'' Jim stares down at the boy and relents nodding his head in agreement before making for the exit. Uhura is deep in conversation with Sulu, his arm is round her shoulders and Kirk kicks back the mild annoyance that flares up inside of him at seeing someone else comfort her but he shrugs it off. Now is not the time. Uhura spots him from the corner of her eye and offers him a weak smile before noticing his precious cargo. She immediately runs to his side and when she opens her mouth to ask about him what happed Kirk merely shakes his head and retrieves his communicator from the belt around his hips – turning his body away from Uhura who had reached her arms out to take the child away from him. ''Scotty – prepare a landing party. Six man team oughta do it. Send them down to our coordinates and prepare to beam three of us back. McCoy, me and an infant.'' ''Right you are, Sir. Give us a moment to tweak the settings and I'll have ya up in a jiffy.'' Kirk motions for McCoy to join him and turns to Sulu. ''Mr Sulu, expect company in about five minutes. We read one more life sign aboard. Get to it, help how you can but don't drop your guard. You saw what was in those rooms. Somehow I don't think whoever flew this hunk of junk would even think twice about doing the same thing to you.'' ''Yes Sir.'' Sulu and Uhura chime in unison before taking up strategic positions against the wall to watch for danger. Kirk looks towards his other half and back down to the boy. His priority was clear. ''Sir, we are ready to beam you aboard.'' Scotty's strong drawling accent making its way through his open comm. ''Energise'' Jim walks calmly to sickbay, ignoring the curious looks and intrigued faces that fall on him and follow him around. He finds he keeps looking down at the boy. He is still wearing his hood, his hair from what Jim can tell is jet black beneath the dirt and the grime and his eyes while dull and lifeless - would be no doubt be a beautiful hazel when he grew up. I will make damn sure that this kid will grow up Kirk fumes as he passes through the doors into the examination room. ''Set him down on the table Jim and I'll have a look at him.'' ''Ok little one, down we go.'' He places the boy down slowly, careful to support his weak body and the child continues to lie there, arms at his side not moving. ''Hey, you're starting to worry me here buddy.'' Kirk says as he holds the kid's tiny feet between his hands, hoping the warmth of them will draw some sort of reaction as he slowly rubs them. Jim sighs as he leans over, his hand reaching towards the hood, he pulls it back slowly and sees that the boy's hair is surprisingly long and that there is quite a lot of it for his age. He makes to tuck some of it behind his ear – index finger at his temple, thumb brushing his chin - but the moment his finger comes into contact with the boy's skin… Something was in his head. Twisting, looping, threading and coiling away in there to the very centre of his core. Fragments of memories of things he had never seen, tasted, smelled or experienced poured into his mind. Snippets of unfamiliar languages and conversation take place in front of him and he is nauseated by the sound as it speeds up and slows down to the point where surely he must pass out soon because wow – holy fuck what the hell was this?! Something has settled inside his mind permanently. He can feel it. A heavy sadness, aching despair and loneliness clutching away at him; seeking for something that he is not sure he can give. He takes a deep breath to steady himself, hearing somewhere far off into the distance Bones screaming his name to snap out of it. A shrill cry pierces the room and Jim's last thought before he passes out was that he was right about the kid's eyes. Now that they were watching him; they were indeed beautiful.
''And that … is how I met my son.'' Jim explains and Spock opens his eyes. ''You adopted an infant you found abandoned aboard a derelict ship and left your position only a year after attaining your lifelong dream of becoming Captain?'' Spock fights the urge to mention that this is highly illogical even if he applauds and wholeheartedly agrees with James' decision. ''Well... it was the right thing to do you know.'' Jim hums around a spoonful of ice-cream; their lunch date having entered into their third hour without either of them noticing. ''I am in awe of your decision. However, if I had come upon an infant I am not certain that I would have followed the same path as you have. As you are aware I have never served in Starfleet. I must admit that the thought of doing so has long plagued my mind but my responsibilities over the last four years have all revolved around the care and tutoring of my daughter. This has left little time to ruminate on my own future.'' 'You want to join Starfleet?'' Jim asks in all seriousness and Spock blushes as he realises he has shared a secret with this man that he has kept to himself since he was fourteen years of age. ''You have an uncanny ability to draw information out of me that I otherwise would never have shared.'' Spock remarks and James' smile widens over the spoon in his mouth, his eyes creasing with fondness in the corners as he accepts the hidden compliment. ''God, I'm sorry Spock. I've spent all this time nattering away about my kid and I haven't even gotten round to asking you any questions.'' ''There is not much to tell. I relocated here from Vulcan three years ago where I took up a position at a library that enables me to have access to all matter of materials upon which to educate myself and my daughter. During the course of the evening when T'lera slumbers I assist various companies in reinforcing their security protocols. I am quite adept at programming.'' 'Ah, I see. I used to dabble myself once upon a time. Have you heard of the Kobayashi Maru test that all cadets must take if they're in command track?'' ''I have indeed heard of it. I was the primary programmer for the test. It was a chance I was given while at school on Vulcan to associate with Starfleet. A Captain Decker located me after witnessing me complete a day's worth of material on computational mathematics in just under two hours. I find that humans as a whole are most easily impressed by that which they wish they could themselves achieve.'' He sips his last sip of water, the glass being carefully placed back down – pinkie cushioning the noise. ''Wow, so you're the guy whose ass I wanted to kick ten years ago.'' Jim laughs, his hands slapping his knees, head shaking in amusement. ''You have no idea the lengths I had to go to in order to pass that damn test. Bones says I aged ten years every time I failed.'' Spock can do nothing but stare at the sight of this human laughing. How beautiful. A strange sensation sweeps over him which fills his chest to near bursting point, his hand flinches with an unknown urge to complete an action which he has never before attempted. ''I do apologise if I caused you any distress; my test was merely to see if the cadets were capable of making impossible decisions and how their mental state would manage under severe pressure.'' Jim waves his spoon with an air of dismissal. ''Don't worry about it, I beat your test and got my own ship in the end. It taught me a lot about perseverance and not to mention things about myself that I've never bothered to look too deeply in to.'' He says as his eyes briefly glaze over no doubt recalling an incident of deeper reflection. Spock continues to stare – his eyes taking in every minute detail to recall later in private. Jim waves over the waitress asking for their bill. Before Spock could protest their meal had been paid for and cheekily Jim gives him a ''wink'' which sends Spock's already turbulent vortex of butterflies in his stomach – into complete and utter overdrive. ''Would you like to go for a walk? I think I need to burn off some of those calories I just devoured.'' A small chuckling-snort escapes him and Spock lifts a brow at the sound. Curious. A creeping feeling of disappointment stills the butterflies at the thought of not getting to spend any more time with Jim but T'lera must come first. She always will. ''I am interested in the offer however I have to collect my daughter from school.'' ''Hey, that's cool. I have to fetch David as well and I've got an ice-cream shift with Bones later.'' ''If you teach classes on campus am I to assume that you are a professor?'' ''Yeah, I hold three different classes. Xenolinguistics, Strategy and Tactics - and for shits and giggles because most people who have seen me think that I'm nothing but a pretty face – I do a class on warp core analysis and theory. ''Fascinating.'' Spock says with such awe in his voice that he is pleased to notice that Jim turns a brilliant pink and hides his face into his shoulder as he gives a cough in embarrassment. ''T-thanks, Spock.'' James splutters before checking the time- eyes scanning the environment- head cocking to the side as he does a quick calculation on how long he will need to get to David's school. Spock decides that he cannot let this moment pass and mustering up the courage he once used when leaving his home planet he opens his mouth. ''James, would it be permissible of me to ask if we could meet again? I … I have thoroughly enjoyed your company and I would look forward to a repeat encounter.'' ''Hell yes, that would be amazing Spock.'' He smiles as bright as the sun, tinges of pink on his cheeks clashing with the gold streaks in his hair. ''I am gratified you feel this way.'' Spock murmurs quietly, his heart beating a mile a minute. ''Perhaps we could do dinner?'' Jim asks, closing the restaurant door behind him, his hands combing the stray hair out of his eyes as the wind blows across his face. ''That would be acceptable. Perhaps …tomorrow night?'' he asks hesitantly - conscious that humans aren't accustomed to the Vulcan ways of efficiency and speed. ''I like your thinking Spock. Yeah, tomorrow night. Sounds great.'' The two stare at one another for perhaps longer than is necessary in their shared moment until Jim pulls back with a step, Spock following suit. He raises his hand in the customary taal and says his farewells - grateful that Jim has made no move to touch him as humans do after dates and yet disappointed and conflicted because he yearns for that very same touch. Spock turns around and prepares for his fifteen minute walk to the other side of town where his daughter is currently being schooled and to his surprise Jim falls in step alongside him. ''My kids school is this way as well.'' He laughs a bit nervously and Spock nods his head in acknowledgement of the statement. ''Then we will indeed partake in a walk together after all.'' ''Does T'lera go to school nearby?'' ''St Marys on Tudor Street. A fine establishment that offers excellent education and recreational activities for a growing mind. T'lera benefits much from their teachings.'' ''So she should be in year zero right now, cause she's what… four now?'' ''She is in fact in classes with eight year olds. I worry that she does not have any playmates but the others have taken to her presence surprisingly well. She is after all Vulcan. She excels at the majority of tasks she puts her mind to.'' Jim stifles a snigger at the pride he can hear in Spock's voice and this earns him another raised eyebrow. ''My boy is special too, but he unfortunately isn't doing too well in school at the moment. He has a few…issues. Bones and I are trying our hardest to resolve them. It's slow going but we've made a lot of progress in the last three years.'' Jim's mood turns solemn and Spock scrambles internally to bring about his cheery nature again. ''What school does your son attend?'' ''He's currently attending Joan Cuthberts. The school provides an aid and makes sure he doesn't get in to too much trouble.'' ''He is five years old correct?'' ''Yep. Just turned five last month.'' Conversation lulls for a while, the two simply walking side by side until Jim stops beside a fenced converted cathedral. ''This is me. He should be coming out any minute now; then it's off to the park to play for a while.'' Jim grins but his smile has dimmed and doesn't quite reach his eyes anymore. Spock is disturbed to note that he wishes to lay a hand on the man's shoulder in comfort. ''I will bid you farewell then. Live long and prosper James Kirk. I look forward to your company tomorrow night.'' ''Me too, Spock. Oh, hey wait, before you go – here.'' Spock's communicator beeps as a sudden message appears with an unknown number. ''That's my number…T'lera gave it to me last night but I didn't want to totally scare you off by messaging you before our date.'' ''You would not have scared me. Vulcans do not get scared.'' ''Of course not. Anyway, just in case I'll be late tomorrow or if you end up not being able to come, we can just message each other now instead of going through your matchmaking four year old.'' ''Indeed.'' He nods once and turns on his heel walking away, leaving a smiling Jim behind him. He hears the bells of the church begin to chime, the shrieks and clattering of books on the floor from children bursting to regain their freedom permeating the air as he walks to the nearest pedestrian crossing. The light is red - traffic having suddenly risen due to the hour of the school run and he folds his hands behind his back as he waits patiently for his permission to cross. He hears a familiar and pleasing voice drift across to him on the breeze and without consciously meaning to his body turns in the direction. A small dark headed child with a blue rucksack on his drooping shoulder has walked towards Jim. The boy's lower lip was trembling, dark red marks under his eyes evidence that he has spent quite some time weeping. Spock watches as James places a hand on the kids forehead, fingers running through the raven black hair, coming down to his face, thumb rubbing away a tear. James says something Spock can't interpret and to his astonishment, the boy places his own tiny but grubby hand on James's face - fingers spreading wide in something that seems familiar to him but isn't- before the man's eyes close. Jim nods in agreement to some sort of question the boy has not asked aloud and Spock is perturbed to see that some sort of wordless communication was taking place. Telepathy between humans was impossible. The wind picks up and Spock feels his hair rustle and lift in the breeze. His mouth opens in shock as the boys long hair blows back - revealing a delicate small pointed ear. ''Jim… Jim, come on Kid. Can you hear me?'' ''Bones…Wh – Ow. Yeah, yeah ok I can hear you. Sssshh!'' ''You've been completely out of it for hours now. You've taken years off my life, I tell ya. Dammit Jim, years you hear me?!'' Bones' roar echoes across the medbay and Jim hives him a sheepish grin. ''It's what I do best.'' A small shrug of his shoulders before he sits up on his bed, supported by Bones who places a hand on his elbow. ''So what the hell happened?'' ''Well – turns out the kid is a hobgoblin.'' Jim's eyebrows rose so high they merged into one strand across his forehead. ''Err…what?'' ''You know, green blood, organs all in the wrong places – pointed ears you dimwit!'' ''He's Vulcan? Is that why I passed out when I touched him?!'' Jim asked with concern, a sensation of guilt creeping over him at so freely touching a child of a race that strongly discourages skin to skin contact. ''Not quite but you're close. He's Romulan, Jim.'' ''Ok, what in the actual fuck!'' Jim throws his hands up in the air – thinking of all the legal and interplanetary ramifications this could cause - never mind the shit-storm of paperwork when it was made public knowledge. ''Your scanner tell you all of this? I mean are you abso-fucking-lutely sure that this kid is Romulan? I mean –'' ''I'm positive Jim. The other ….survivor … of the ship, he - ah, well he told us that before he died.'' ''He died?!'' a groan of epic proportions escapes him as bangs the back his head on the wall. ''Yeah, when we got to him he had taken several shots to the gut and was hanging on by a thread. He had only had access to a rudimentary med kit but infection had set in a few hours after receiving his wounds. Sepsis. Gets us all in the end if we're not careful.'' Jim gives a long suffering sigh – hands coming up to pinch his nose as he forces himself to breathe slowly under the mountain that has suddenly landed on his shoulders. ''So what happened to the ship and where's the kid now?'' ''The kid had to be given a mild sedative to calm him down, was screaming the whole place down. We did our best to hold him, making sure not to touch his skin but it didn't help. He's asleep in the room next door.'' ''Ok, so the ship?'' ''We are currently on route to the nearest federation starbase. We've managed to fly the heap into the hangar bay. Our teams are doing their best to come up with an idea of what went down.'' Jim sucks in his lower lip as he blows out in a childish raspberry. ''What a mess.'' He runs a hand over his face before swinging his feet over the side of the bed, his boots hitting the floor with a thud. ''Right, well first things first – I need to check on the kid. It's the strangest thing but I feel like something is tugging at my brain. I need to go see him.'' ''Now you wait just a goddamn minute. Get your ass back into bed. You know what kind of mumbo jumbo was done to your brain after touching the little devil.'' He says angrily as he shoves Kirk back on to the bed. ''I'm fine seriously. I just need to check up on him and then hit the showers before getting back on to the bridge.'' ''Over my de-'' he splutters before Nyota walks into the room, ponytail swishing and eyes pointedly staring in frustration at Kirk. ''Hey Babe!'' Kirk hollers and gets a shushing from Bones who points to the room next door where the kid is being kept. ''Jim Kirk you just can't go one mission without it going tits up, can you?'' her voice weary with concern as she places a quick kiss on his cheek. Jim winks at her and pulls her down to his side. ''Well you know me… resident bad boy out for adventure.'' ''Resident idiot. What were you thinking touching a Romulan child so freely.'' She wallops his arm affectionately and he smiles up at her hands folding behind his head. ''You say this like I knew the kid would knock me out the moment I touched him. It is a him, right?'' he looks over questioningly at Bones who rolls his eyes in the affirmative. ''Kid, this tuggin' in your noggin' – is it still there? Is there any pain?'' Kirk puckers his lips and closes his eyes while he roots around in his own head. ''Yeah, no there's no pain, more like an incessant need to do something but I can't quite understand what it means which means I guess - that I have to go check it out.'' ''Can you NOT touch the baby again until I'm sure of what it is that we are dealing with here?'' Uhura makes a displeased face and turns to the doctor with a frown. ''Isn't that kind of cruel. Surely after all he's been through it wouldn't be a bad thing to give him some affection?'' Bones sighs and takes a seat on the other empty biobed. ''I don't mean to be cruel darlin' but what with the baby being a Romulan they share similar traits to Vulcans when it comes to touch, telepathy and mind voodoo that I'm not all too familiar with. Better be safe than sorry. '' ''You have any contacts we can call to discuss this Bones?'' Jim makes to get up again before Uhura's glare sends him back down. ''Yeah, an old colleague of mine M'Benga – studied on Vulcan, he may know a few things that us mere humans aren't allowed to know.'' Uhura tips her head to the side, her folded arms demanding more than requesting an answer. ''What do you have against Vulcans Leonard?'' ''Once upon a time in a land far, far away, there was a little boy who dreamed of being a doctor and studying at the finest institute which would give him the best medical knowledge in the galaxy. The Vulcan Academy. 'Cept back then they didn't allow us puny humans to attend.'' ''So you applied and they rejected you? On what basis.'' ''Cultural differences and incompatibility to the lifestyle on Vulcan. Hogwash if you ask me but as I said back then it's mostly cause I was human. M'Benga got in thanks to higher up connection but this old farm boy stood no chance.'' A flicker of jealousy then acceptance flits over the doctor's face before he stands and heads for the exit. ''Playtimes over. Uhura – keep the Captain in bed for another hour just to be safe and after that straight to his quarters for the night. Jim, don't go near that baby till we know more, understand?'' ''Yeah, I'll try my best.'' He grins mischievously as Uhura titters with laughter causing the disgruntled doctor to face him ''I mean it Jim! God knows wha-'' 'Alright, alright I'll stay away.'' ''Good.'' It's late into the night and having seen to the last of his official duties, Jim collapses on top of his bed. His headache has increased tenfold over the last six hours since his escape from the medbay and no amount of hypos he has self-administered has taken away the ''tugging''. It's been a stressful day he muses before pulling himself up to lean against the wall, his knee raised as he grabs his pad from the bedside table, intending to read for a bit before going to sleep. He gets three pages into his book before realising he hasn't actually processed a single word he's read. With frustration he places it back on the nightstand and lies flat on his back, arms behind his head. What was this bloody thing in his head? Was it the kid? By touching him had he somehow communicated with the little tyke in a way that he shouldn't have? He rolls over on to his side, then turns, then stands only to sit back down in his armchair staring out the window. His restlessness has always been a problem but tonight he literally could not sit still. He had to go see the kid. He wouldn't touch him obviously, but maybe he could answer a few of his questions if he just got near him and …spoke to him or something. Not that he was expecting a baby to be a great conversationalist but... He dresses into a loose pair of gym pants; the grey matched with a white top before pulling on his trainers as he runs a hand through his wayward hair, thoughts briefly touching on getting a haircut before leaving his quarters. Only a skeleton crew is currently operating the ship, the majority of them tucked up in their beds and Jim doesn't pass anyone till he reaches medbay. Christine Chapel starts to walk towards him but he raises a hand and she stops in her tracks. Shaking her head in exasperation as she clearly knows where he's off to but not having any say so in the matter if it's the Captain himself who overrules her decision- she disappears behind a curtain and Jim carries on quietly down to the hall to the kid. He steps through and immediately he notices that the tugging has lessened, he feels a bit more at ease the closer he gets to the infant. He sees the stirring of little arms beneath blankets and he is consumed with thoughts of wanting to pick the kid up. Except it wasn't his thoughts... it was the babies. ''Jesus…'' he sighs and he starts to recall all the scripture and obscure information he has learned about Romulans on his many travels and adventures, comparing them with Vulcan - before his brain picks up on the term 'link' and his eyes go wide. ''Did you link with me without my consent?'' he asks the baby incredulously as it stares up at him, its beautiful hazel eyes piercing through him and Jim is hit with another flash of need; this time the need for food hits him upside the head causing him to wince and he backs away hastily before hearing the kid whimper. ''I mean, I won't be angry if you did you're just a baby after all, I mean, I know Vulcans and Romulans all come with some innate intelligence but don't you think this is something that could've waited until - I don't know you could maybe talk? – All's I'm saying here is that this is a dick move.'' The baby continues to stare at him as its lower lips begins to tremble; its tiny malnourished hand grasping up at the sky in his direction. Kirk blows out a breath and instead takes hold of the kid's clothed feet again, rubbing slowly and the boy drops his hand. ''We need to figure out what's happening here, you know. Cause if you have linked with me, that means that you consider me to be some kind of father figure or guardian and I tell you what kid, I had no plans on ever becoming a father this young and I haven't got the first clue on what to do.'' Jim looks around the room and spies a bottle on the far seat, the milk being kept warm with a mini incubator which he was sure at some point was filled with Snarlack eggs found on Sigma nine. He shakes the bottle and with his thoughts racing back forth faster than warp speed he places it into the baby's mouth who splutters and mewls softly in pain. ''Oh god, you see what I mean little guy, I didn't even think to check the temperature of the damn milk.'' He babbles apologetically and setting it down next to the makeshift cot he leans both arms over the beds railings and hangs his head. ''I would have to give up being Captain if I took care of you.'' Jim's blue eyes lock with the boys and a small smile appears on his face as he witnesses the kid's first snot bubble. ''I've worked really hard to get where I am. Youngest Captain in the fleet you know.'' He says as he wiggles the baby's foot with humour. Again he gets the urge to pick the child up into his arms and he smothers it down; the baby frowns and his eyes start to go lifeless again making Kirk panic and scoop him up into the air without a second throught. ''Well, I'm not technically touching you.'' He says as he holds him at arm's length above the ground, his thumbs digging into the small onesie they had made with help from the replicator. Jim can see the kid is too tired to put up much more of a fuss but his head is raised at least and a wary eye was keeping track of him, his tiny leg kicking in the breeze. ''What am I gonna do with you kid? You can't look like I've crushed your whole world simply because I won't pick you up. That's not fair. My heart strings can't take it.'' He chuckles and get a small sigh from the pointed eared elf. The urge to clutch this lonely and desperate child to his chest grew the longer he gazed into its eyes and ignoring the countless warnings Bones had given him through messages and comm calls throughout the course of the day, he brought the baby into the crook of his arm. ''There... is that any better little guy?'' he hums affectionately as a yawn escapes the boy and he nuzzles further in; a sleepy hand reaches up towards Jim's chin and he bends down slowly aware that this could all blow up in his face but unable to deny the boy anything in this moment. He feels the small hand grab at his chin, the stubble scratching as the boy flexes his fingers across it before a rush of emotion hits him in the chest and it takes him a while to place the feeling. Gratitude. ''I guess... you and I are going to get to know one another really well - aren't we?'' He sings a soft lullaby his mother once sang to him, the tiny life in his arms closing its eyes as a gentle snore begins. ''I think I'll call you David.'' he whispers as he settles into a nearby chair.
Spock is currently experiencing a mild case of anxiety. He places himself down crossed-legged in the middle of the lounge floor and supresses the urge to bite at his bottom lip. T'lera has been collected from school and has not ceased in asking him - what he feels is a thousand or more questions - about his meetings with James earlier this afternoon and he sighs internally as the barrage of curiosity and insistent pestering continues to assault his ears. ''T'lera. Please do sit down.'' He says quietly and watches his little girl narrow her eyes before taking a seat opposite him. She crosses her arms and raises a small eyebrow in impatience. Spock sighs and takes a deep breath before opening his eyes. ''What have we discussed in regards to privacy?'' her eyes lower and he sees her mouth move and shape words but no sounds come out. ''Daughter.'' He prompts – his voice as even and steady as it has always been; however he trusts that she knows him well enough by now to look beyond that and to discern when she is in trouble and when she is not. ''I cannot hear you. Please speak up.'' ''I know… but I just wanted to see you smile again.'' ''I thank thee for the sentiment but it is not appropriate to be conversing with a stranger through comms that you do not know, that you have only met once and it is even more inappropriate to become involved in the affairs of adults.'' Her lip begins to tremble and he softens his voice deliberately. ''I trust now that I have reiterated my concern to you that you will consider your actions more carefully when tempted in the future.'' T'lera nods once and while he is sceptical and some part of him knows he will be repeating his words for the next several years at most – for now he is content that she has been disciplined accordingly and that they can now move on. ''As for your queries regarding my meeting with James T Kirk. It was satisfactory.'' ''Is that all?'' she ask incredulously her arms flying up. Occasionally she is more human than necessary he thinks. ''What else would you have me say?'' ''Will you be meeting again? When? Did he mention me? Did you like your food? What food did you eat? Would you eat there again? Did yo-'' ''The air grows thin in here my daughter. Breathe.'' She giggles and flops back down to the ground before him. ''Did you really like him?'' ''Yes. He was most….unexpected and …fascinating.'' He explains, his hand coming up to straighten his robes at this throat. ''He has a son. One year younger than you. I have come to believe that he is Vulcan. As we are.'' ''Wow! Really. Do you think I could I play with him sometime?'' she shoots up again and he marvels at her energy. Does she not ever tire? ''I do not know. Having only just met and not having been informed of the boys origins through James' own words I do not think it would be wise to rush any meeting.'' ''Did he have a baby with a Vulcan lady like you did with Mother?'' ''No. He has adopted the boy.'' ''Then he has no Mother?'' she asks quietly and he hums in the affirmative, taking note of her sudden dip in mood. He reaches out to her and places a finger on her temple, her surface thoughts have combined into a vortex of pain, confusion and determination. A curious combination. She casts her eyes up at him and gives him a watery smile. ''My child. Why do I sense that you suddenly want to weep?'' She sniffs and quickly wipes at her eyes in a blurred movement before sitting up straight. ''I would like meet this boy, father. I feel that we may have many things in common.'' Spock stands and holds out his hands in front of him and she accepts them as she is pulled up onto her feet. He keeps hold of her and leads them out onto the balcony overlooking the garden. The sunflowers they had planted together in full bloom swaying gently in the breeze, the aroma of summer in the air. ''T'lera – I do not know if you and your mother will ever reconcile. Perhaps with time and consideration the two of you may come to have an amenable relationship.'' ''And you and mother?'' he shakes his head solemnly and she sighs, knowing the answer at her tender young age but still confused about it. ''I do not understand why.'' ''Perhaps when you are older and able to understand the intricacies of our culture in regards to bonding, you will see why your mother and I were never meant to be together.'' The pair stand for a while, falling into a rare few moments of companionable silence overlooking the garden before she suddenly spins on her heels, hand above her eyes to look up at him questioningly. ''Father, will you be meeting James again?'' ''James is due to visit tomorrow night to partake in supper here at our home. Will you promise not to pester him for any information that he may not be willing to share?'' ''I will endeavour to remain on my best behaviour.'' She vows seriously and a flutter of amusement ripples up his spine at the look on her face. ''I am pleased to hear you say so. Now, daughter I do believe you have neglected your studies for far too long this afternoon.'' His large hand coming to rest upon her head as she squirms slightly beneath it. ''Yes Father. Perhaps after you will read to me? I am eager to discover what happens to Moby Dick next.'' The corner of his lip twitches as he fights the urge to smile. Really… he was far too proud of his daughter's insatiable thirst for knowledge. It is only much later that night that Spock takes the time to meditate and reflect on the day's proceedings. He dims the lights, he ignites his lavender scented asenoi and adorning his frame with his silken robes he takes up his familiar pose of meditation. He mutters a few words to himself to set the mood. Peace. Logic. Serenity. Wisdom. With this he discards the multitude of barriers protecting the secrets and emotions of his mind and soul and takes a small look over to the centre where his familial bond with T'Lera is. It sparkles brilliantly in fuchsia tones and pulses with happiness, growing brighter with each day that she grows older. Satisfied that his daughter is well - he conjures up all the hundreds upon hundreds of visual imagery he has of his time with James since meeting him. The gold of his hair, the blue of his eyes, the black of his stubble, the pink of his cheeks beneath his lashes. What an extraordinary human. It has been so long since he had had any worthwhile conversations with another being and he was immensely looking forward to discussing Xenolinguistics and physics in much greater detail. He is pleased that they were able to find some common ground while conversing - as the pursuit of knowledge and all the universes mysteries of how, when and why – were exceedingly fascinating to him. The fact that he had left his career in Starfleet for a child which was not his also spoke countless words of what type of person he was and whether he was suitable to around his daughter. Spock surmised that Kirk possessed many of the qualities that he deemed necessary and vital in a partner. Intelligence, integrity, honour and loyalty. Needless to say kindness and generosity were certainly included in that. He wondered excitedly what else he would discover about James' personality. As for the matter of his son, David – it was an utter shock to see a child of his race reach up and so blatantly initiate a mind meld in the middle of the street. Small touches with children were allowed but why did the child simply not speak and relay the day's information to him as is normal? Did Kirk not employ the help of a Vulcan tutor to teach and instruct his child? Was David maturing under the pure influence of humans and their customs and forgoing the rich culture of their shared history? Would he be remiss in offering aid or information on such matters? There were a great many questions that ran through his mind as he contemplated the child's upbringing and he was conscious of the fact that Kirk had mentioned that David was in a school for troubled learners. Would he cause T'lera to behave inappropriately or influence her in a way that could lead her down the wrong path? These were all questions to which he desperately craved answers but as he milled about the information available to him - he knew that the only way to discover any of these answers was to simply ask or glean them through contact with the boy. Perhaps he should meet the boy before he allowed his daughter the chance… to ascertain his mental state of mind. However – he would have to be extremely tactful and not allow Kirk to see that he was evaluating his son as this may lead to the abrupt end of their relationship. He dismissed that train of thought. Not seeing James' again was not an option. Something inexplicable and beautiful was drawing him to this human. He could not let it go. He would not. He checks his internal chronometer and clearing his mind as best he could given the excitement of the day – he opens his eyes slowly and begins to stretch. An hour has gone by in what has felt like mere moments. He dons his sleep wear and leaves his bedroom to check on his daughter. The holo-projector which he had given to her for her fifth birthday illuminated her pink painted bedroom, the silver shooting stars and planets circulating on the roof a mesmerising sight to behold. She is breathing deeply, already long into her REM sleep and illogically he enters the room and pulls the blankets up to her chin. He is aware that Vulcans run hotter than humans but he could not tolerate the thought of her being cold no matter how slim the chance. He slips through the door quietly, leaving it open on the off-chance that she may require his presence at some point even though he knows that she has long since ceased that behaviour. She may only be six years of age but she was after all a Vulcan; her independence was as strong as her will and attitude. Reaching his bedroom he pulls back the covers and throws his sheets over his body with a small sigh. He laces his hands across his sternum and closes his eyes, preparing himself for his nightly 6.5 hours of sleep. Just as his mind begins to switch off - his comm begins to flash. The green light irritatingly penetrating the darkness behind his eyelids. 'Hey Spock! Just wanted to say I had a really great time. Looking forward to seeing you tomorrow. Jim'. His heart rate skyrockets at reading the message and he scrambles up into a sitting position. He impatiently switches on his bedside lamp before hovering his hand over the keys – eager to respond but his mind suddenly drawing a blank. 'James I concur with your statement. I, too, am eager to resume our conversations tomorrow evening. Spock' He hums for a moment, supressing his knees urge to start bouncing as he sees the three dots appear on the screen indicating that James is in the midst of replying to his message. 'Are we not conversing now? Technically speaking of course. ;) Jim' Spock lets out a small huff of amusement, his fingers flying over the keys. 'James. We are indeed; however the topic of conversation is conversation therefore I advise we pick a different topic since we have now established that we are in fact conversing. Spock' His heart pitter-patters around his chest as he awaits the response – seeing the dots disappear and reappear multiple times to suddenly vanishing all together. Five minutes passed. Ten now and Spock illogically becomes concerned that he has somehow offended the man and begins to type out an apology only to have James interrupt him. 'Spock Sorry about the delay. David woke up. Just needed a bit of settling. Are you sure you want me to come round yours for supper? Jim' Spock frowns and wonders if perhaps James was distrustful of him or perhaps he had reservations about attending supper in his home. He was after all - merely an acquaintance at this stage. Perhaps it was unwise to have made the offer. He swallows down his disappointment and types his response slowly. 'James If this option is not to your liking I am happy to meet elsewhere. Spock' His pulse thunders in his ears. 'Spock Noooooo! That's not what I meant at all. I was just trying to be polite and give you a way to back out if you weren't comfortable with the idea anymore. I would love to come to your house. ' The relief he feels is palpable. 'Spock Sorry about this but I have to run. David's up again. I will call you tomorrow and get your address and discuss what time you need me there. Sweet dreams, Spock.' Slightly concerned over David's sleeping habits he chided himself for his skittish teenage behaviour. However he was after all… very new to this past time of communicating socially via text with a potential lover. Not having had one since T'Pring. Not that she was ever his lover apart from that one instance and Spock sincerely doubted if she was even capable of loving anyone but herself. Disappointed but resigned to the fact their conversation was at an end he quickly typed out a suitable farewell. Attempting to calm his mind again before sleep was proving to be challenging. Indeed he only required three to four hours sleep a night; however since the birth of his daughter he had decided that routines should be established early on and now he went to bed to sleep each night purely out of habit- rather than out of tiredness. His mind whirred to life once more as his stomach inexplicably tightened at the thought of James entering his home. He would freely admit that he felt nervous. Nervous about James' interacting with T'lera, nervous about his home and possessions and whether James would find them interesting or not. All manner of illogical thoughts filled his head until finally, somewhere in the time frame of two am he finally fell asleep. It was safe to say that Jim was feeling a little overwhelmed what with the whole boarding an alien ship only to kind of but not quite take on adopting a Romulan infant while commanding a starship and keeping it all quiet from the admiralty. And breathe he reminds himself as he snaps out of his inner whining to pay attention the EPIC rant and scolding Bones was currently dishing out. ''I mean for the love of god Jim! I gave you one order! JUST ONE! DON'T GO NEAR THE KID!'' He all but roars and Jim fights back a small flinch at the fury he hears in his friends voice. ''I know you won't believe me Bones' but something in my head wouldn't le-'' P''I don't care if there was a whole bee hive buzzing around in there and crawling out through ya nostrils. You shouldn't have gone near the kid. Now you and the little elf have formed some sort of link or something and the kid can't go five minutes alone without crying for you. Do you have any idea how hard it will be to get this taken care of?'' he huffs and puffs, cheeks flaming red as he marches not paces in front of Jim. ''Bones, I-'' ' 'Shut it Kid. Now we have to think of a plan to swing by Vulcan and find a healer to sever whatever is going on between the two of you and that means speaking to the admiralty to authorise the detour and the paperwork for you and I will be enough to suffocate us both.'' He finally runs out of steam and Jim has the good sense to keep quiet as he waits for the storm to pass. ''I couldn't leave him. And now – I'm not even sure I want to. Ever. He feels like … well, like mine, I guess.'' ''That's just the mind mumbo-jumbo making you feel this way Jim. I don't have a lot of speciality in Vulcan or Romulan mind practices but I do know that their links whether they are familial or not - are sacred and incredibly important to them as a species. Did you think of the trauma you would put this kid through now? Obviously his real folks didn't give a rats ass and dumped him but now you have to do it as well.'' Jim sighs and combs his fingers through his hair in mild frustration, sensing David once again pulling at the strings in his mind. ''You're not understanding what I'm saying Bones. I will not leave him again. It's the strangest thing. You know about Tarsus, about my shit-show of a childhood and how I've always struggled to – fit in, to feel like I'm home. Holding that kid in my arms last night was the first time I've felt anything like that since before my parents died.'' He stands up and looks down at his still seething friend. ' 'Let me make this as clear as day. I am not abandoning this kid. If I have to give it all up then so be it.'' ''Jesus Christ.'' Bones mutters before closing his eyes, scrunching his face up; the wrinkles making him look years older than his young 35. ' 'Ok, Jim. Let's say you feel this way now… once we get a healer, we'll talk again. I know it's no use asking you to stay away from him… I just… don't want either of you getting hurt. It's a damn shame that you've worked so hard to get where you are and now you're… not throwing it all away- cause what you want to do its noble - it's just a damn shame is all I'm saying.'' With that he stands and dramatically pulls down his sleeves and Jim hears him say something along the lines of ''soft-hearted idiot captains'' before leaving him alone. The kid instantly stops crying the moment Jim picks him up, to the pure relief of everyone in the medbay. Jim tuts disapprovingly at all their sighs and groans as silence descends and smirks at Christine's scowl. ''I've got the magic touch.'' ''Should we set up a crib of some sort in your quarters for the little screamer?'' she asks affectionately as she coos at him from afar. ''Yes. I think that makes sense given the situation.'' David blows a small bubble of spit and when it pops his eyebrows draw down in confusion at the sound. Jim laughs as he attempts the act again and fails. ' 'It's like he's a totally different kid. All he's been doing is crying and whenever someone tries to touch him he just ups the volume so we've tried to take care of him as best as we could.'' A note of amazement graces her voice as she watches Jim bounce David in arms slowly while making ridiculous faces at the tot. The medical staff begin to laugh at seeing this side of their Captain and he blushes uncontrollably until he puts a hand up ''Alright, alright you've had your fun at my expense. Back to work.'' They scatter and salute their goodbyes before he hails Scotty on the intercom system. ''Scotty. You're a genius right?'' ''Err… Aye Sir. If I might say so myself Sir.'' ''Do you think you could …toddler-proof… my quarters for me?'' ''Beggin' your pardon Sir…but I don't quite underst-'' ''The kid we rescued is going to be lodging with me Mr Scott. He needs to not kill himself on the corner of my coffee table. And he needs somewhere to sleep as I'm quite selfish when it comes to my bed.'' He chuckles when David grabs at his ear his eyes going wide at the sound. ''Ah…yes. Well good on ya laddie for stepping up. I will see what I can do for ya.'' ''Thank you Scotty. Kirk out.'' 'Shall we go get something to eat Kiddo?'' he hums and the boy smacks him in the lip by accident as his arm flails about. An 'oomph' escapes him as the boy stills in his arms before suddenly starting to whimper. Jim realises belatedly that with every touch skin on skin the kid could feel what Jim was feeling and he must have projected his shock at being whacked in the face a little too loudly through to the boy. ' 'Hey, hey it's okay. I'm alright. Look, see no harm done.'' He smiles the widest smile he can and hoping against hope that he was doing this right- he thinks hard about everything being okay, about being happy and watches as David slowly creeps out of his shell again. ''Me and you… we're gonna be alright Kid.'' ************* One week later ************* ''What the hell do you mean no Vulcan will go near him?!'' Jim furiously hisses at Pike – the back of the chair his hands are squeezing screech under the pressure as he fights the urge to fling it into the wall. ''It's taboo Jim. The Vulcans and Romulans may share similar DNA but the stigma attached to treating a Romulan – despite the fact that Vulcans have no feelings – would be a great big black mark on their reputation and could impact the standing their family have on Vulcan.'' ''But that's just ridiculous – I mean what about their Hippocratic Oaths? What about do no harm? God only knows what this kid has been through and he needs proper treatment that we as psi-nulls cannot give him! Throw me a bone here, Chris. Tell me you've got someone I can contact who could help.'' ''I am sorry Jim. As soon as the news broke across medical channels that Starfleet was looking for aid for a Romulan child- all our Vulcan doctors suddenly became 'exceedingly busy and had no slots available in their schedule' for some reason. We can try traditional counselling and healing with the boy through therapists and I can get you the best of the best. That's all I can do. I have to go Jim. Let me know what you decide before the month ends.'' The vid goes blank abruptly and Kirk lets out a frustrated growl of fury as he kicks his chair instead. He forces himself to take deep long breaths, trying to remember that he is Captain and that it wouldnt do anyone any good to go lose his temper. ' 'Fine. I'll do this myself. I mean… hey… why the fuck not… I've been through trauma, I know shit - I studied enough psychology at the academy to know the signs.'' He says to the room at large and with a great heaving sigh he flops down in his seat suddenly exhausted. He feels the first tingle in the back of his brain… he's learning to differentiate between them now. Each tug and tingle somehow had an unspoken word attached to it, a way to communicate directly into his brain what it was that David wanted. ''Ah…diaper full of shit. Wonderful.'' Kirk begins to laugh and with a resigned shrug of his shoulder he walks through his quarters to the empty room next his and scoops the smelly bundle up into his arms. ''Hello David.'' He murmurs softly at the boy who gurgles and places a hand against his cheek seeking reassurance that everything was ok. ''How do you feel about coming back to Iowa with me? We could live on my dad's farm. You'd have sunshine and trees and fields of corn to play in. We would get you into a day-care where you could make some friends? Do you like that? Does that sound good?'' He doesn't expect to get a response from the boy and yet shockingly David's arm flies back to his face and a firm 'affirmative – yes – please' sort of feeling all but punches him in the gut. He's slightly nauseous after that but his shock that the kid understands him is enough to send him reeling. ''Wait – hold up – You can understand me?'' In-credulousness is making his voice squeak and the tot kicks out with his feet. Hand slapping his cheek '– yes – sort of –' feelings wash over him and he hurriedly holds the boy away from him with outstretched arms. ''Well, shit.'' Jim laughs as the tingle in his head intensifies.
T'Lera has not stopped bouncing since she returned from school. His daughter's enthusiasm and excitement over James attending their evening meal simply too much for her emotional control to handle. She chatters away relentlessly over everything and nothing. Spock simply nods in all the right places and agrees on occasion so as to try and calm her but he finds that he has a dilemma of his own to contend with. He has changed no less than four times in preparation for tonight. First; a formal tunic embroidered with his clan's insignia, long black robes that swirled around his bare feet as he moved before hastily discarding it as he caught sight of his reflection – his father staring back at him. He even went as far as donning a buttoned up white shirt with black linen trousers, a blazer completing the look but the he discarded that as well on the grounds that it looked like he would be attending a funeral. The third outfit had the amusing outcome of making his daughter laugh, loud enough like a crack of a whip. In his haste to remove the ''Hawaiian'' patterned shirt he pulled it over his head without undoing the buttons and subsequently stood there in front of the mirror, a look of pure despair on his face as the shirt hung like dried meat his from pointed ear. In the end - his hair was pointing in all different directions accompanied by a flush of green on his cheeks due to his exertion as well as a bulging nerve on his temple. When he had first arrived on Earth he had attempted to blend in by wearing what the Humans called 'jeans'. He had a navy pair in his wardrobe that had hung there for several years, always catching his eye whenever he opened his wardrobe but having never had the confidence to try it on – he had simply ignored its presence ever since. He sucked in a deep breath and quirked a brow. Now he found himself sitting rather impatiently on the couch in his living room, dressed in navy jeans and a white polo-neck sweater that irritatingly snagged at the hairs on the back of his neck. He did not wish to place James under any pressure to conform to what he may perceive as Vulcan customs or norms so he had opted to dress in as casual and human a manner as possible. His bare feet moved silently against the hardwood floor as he crossed his legs for the tenth time since seating himself. T'Lera ran in and out of the room every five point two minutes to ascertain whether their dinner was yet cooked and he breathed a sigh of relief when the timer he had set pinged melodically in the background. He extracted his nervous posterior from the couch and set the table with his daughters help – reminding her yet again to not run while she handled their dinnerware. ''Father, will he be here soon?'' a squeaky voice floats up to him from the kitchen as he places their drinking glasses down pinkie first. ''Upon meeting him yesterday he informed me that he is always a few minutes late to every meeting. If he does not intend to attend I am confident that he will be courteous enough to inform me.'' The aroma of their meal wafted through the house as Spock gingerly opened the oven – conscious that his daughter was weaving in and out of the kitchen and placed the homemade meal on a tray which he then carried through to the dining room. The lights he dimmed to fifty percent and the ambience suddenly became more intimate than he had intended. Increasing it to seventy percent he nodded in the direction of a space to his left and his daughter took to her seat with a slight bounce; legs swinging beneath the table. ''It appears he will be late father, as it is now 18:30 and he is still not here.'' She pouts as she reaches for her glass of water. ''Indeed. We will wait – '' the doorbell rings and Spock freezes in place. '' He is here.'' He states and the muscle that keeps his body alive beats erratically in his side. ''I'll go let him in!'' T'lera squawks and before Spock can say anything she bounds across the room towards the front door and skids to halt when she reaches it. ''Identify yourself, please.'' She asks with all seriousness and he takes a deep breath when he hears a throaty chuckle from behind the door. ''It's Jim.'' Spock counts to ten before forcing his heart back into his natural rhythm and motioning for T'Lera to move aside. The door opens and Spock wonders illogically how a human can be so attractive that one would want to eat them. ''James.'' ''Hi Spock.'' His smile is radiant and the flush on his cheeks - accompanied by his quick breaths - suggests that he had run to the apartment in order to be on time. ''Please, come in.'' Spock motions with a hand and T'lera lifts her hand in the Taal. ''Welcome to our home.'' His daughter says politely and Spock nods in agreement and approval at her manners. ''I'm happy to be here. I'm sorry I'm a bit late. Bones is on kid duty tonight and I got dragged into an argument about what I could and couldn't eat tonight. Living with him feels like living with my mother sometimes.'' Spock notices that there isn't any anger behind his words and assumes he is quite used to this 'Bones' treating him in such a way. Upon that thought a spike of something sharp clenches around his heart and he identifies it as jealousy. He lives with another man. He is not pleased by this information. Not in the slightest. Not. At. All. ''You live with this man?'' No inflection or tone accompanies his words. He hopes. ''Oh, yeah… I mean, it just made sense after we quit 'fleet and he's a great help with David. Plus its close by to his own daughter.'' Jim smiles and Spock makes a note to delve deeper into this matter later on. ''May I take your coat?'' he asks as James stands in the hallway while T'Lera stares up at him in fascination. ''You're pretty.'' She remarks and Spock feels a bubble of laughter pop in his chest - he does not give it chance to escape but his eyes give away the emotion regardless. He takes the black leather jacket from James and hangs it up on a hook to his right before presenting the blonde human with a pair of black slippers. ''Ah…no shoes. Gotcha.'' James kicks off his boots and slips them on, stumbling on one leg, causing Spock to grab him by the arm to steady him. ''Thanks.'' He whispers and as result Spock's stomach fills with jitters at the look James gives him from that angle. Absolutely absurd the effect this human has on me. He chides himself and proceeds to walk into the dining room. T'Lera walking backwards to keep an eye on their guest. ''Wow. Something smells fantastic.'' ''We have made you a lasagne. Father and I do not eat meat but we have a vegetarian and a meat option for you.'' T'Lera informs him and Spock watches James discuss food with his daughter as he makes his way to the head of the table. ''You shouldn't have gone through the extra trouble. I love veggies as much as I love a good burger.'' Spock inclines his head as T'Lera scoots her bum onto the chair next to James and proceeds to stare at him. ''T'Lera…Humans consider it rude to stare. Have we not discussed this?'' Spock remarks and sighs quietly when her shoulders droop and she turns to face him. ''But he is so pretty Father. I have counted no less than five different shades of blue in his eyes!'' she says passionately before turning her attention back to the human male who is now blushing and chokes on his sip of water. ''I…thank you, T'Lera. That is very kind of you to say.'' ''See Father? He does not mind that I stare.'' ''I, however, do mind. It is not appropriate behaviour.'' Spock says before Jim waves a hand and Spock reluctantly drops the matter. Spock lifts the lid on the tray and reveals their meal and while they dish up Spock notices James eyes keep shooting back at him every few seconds. He quirks an eyebrow and James throws him a wink. ''You know T'Lera… I think your father is very pretty as well.'' James says before smiling around his fork as he takes a bite. Food halfway to his mouth Spock stills like a statue; mouth open and ears now a sizzling green of embarrassment and secret joy at the compliment. The human's nervous laughter is indicative of fright that he has somehow overstepped and Spock quickly shakes his head. ''Thank you.'' Taking a sip of water he places his fork back down for fear of accidently dropping it or stabbing himself. ''Thank you, James.'' Spock ducks his head and reaches for the garlic bread in the centre of the table. ''You have a son do you not, James?'' T'Lera raises her voice excitedly and bounces once on her seat in anticipation of his answer. ''I do. A little boy, David.'' ''Why did you not bring him with you?'' ''Oh… Well, you see, David is... special. He doesn't cope very well with strangers or situations that change too quickly. I'm sure he would love you once he gets to know you but for now… well, maybe we can arrange something for the upcoming weeks instead? Spock?'' ''We have no other plans in place. We would welcome the opportunity to meet him. As long as he is comfortable with the idea.'' ''Don't you worry 'bout that. I have my ways.'' ''I love making new friends! Father, after you and James get married that would then mean David will be my brother, yes?'' James bursts out laughing while Spock hastily whips his head in her direction – bloody pressure high and pulsing at her absurdity. ''I see your daughter has plans for us Spock.'' Another round of laughter and Spock clenches his hands around his utensils to stop from digging a hole in the middle of his lasagne – the urge to hide away incredibly strong. ''T'Lera has always had a propensity to assume and plan without asking questions. A characteristic no doubt inherited from my mother's side of the family.'' A hum of rumination escapes him as his calculated mind begins to compare and catalogue all known family members' traits with T'lera's'. ''Come back to us, Mister Spock.'' Jim chuckles and he realises that he has once again disappeared into his head and ignored his guest. ''My apologies, I have not spoken to my mother in quite some time and it reminded me that I should communicate with her at some point in the future.'' ''Grandmother Amanda lives on Vulcan. She's incredibly pretty as well!'' T'Lera informs the table and Spock sees Jim pop an eyebrow up in confusion. ''Amanda? That's… a very human name for a Vulcan.'' He says softly and before Spock can answer - his daughter lets forth a quiet two second puff of a laugh before composing herself. ''Grandmother Amanda is human. A human name for a human and a Vulcan name for a Vulcan. Most logical.'' She is full of pride and Spock curses internally at the slip of his daughters tongue. It is not that he is ashamed of his mother, or the fact that he is half human, but simply because most people upon discovery of this fact tend to consider him a half-breed, or a lesser being and he was concerned that James may look unfavourably upon him as well. ''Really? That is awesome!'' Jim chimes and Spock lifts his head to meet the man's eyes. There is no judgement, no reproach or endless barrage of questions and once again he marvels at the complicated simplicity of the man. An illogical statement, but the pure fact that James could accept his half-human heritage so readily spoke volumes of the man's outlook on life. ''I used to live on Vulcan. With father….and mother. But I think Earth is equally as satisfying to live on and I am happy to have so many friends here.'' Her smile is not as bright and Spock sees how Jim notices the change in her voice upon mention of T'Pring and does something extraordinary. ''I moved away from my mother too, when I was little. I don't see her much but I know she must think of me often. After all, I am her son and it is only logical isn't it?'' he winks at her and she blushes before giving him a closed lip smile that is impossibly wide despite the lack of teeth on display. He is in awe of this human's ability to so easily understand and interact flawlessly with his daughter. ''James, would you and David like to join T'Lera and I at the aquarium two weeks from now? We are attending a lecture on marine life and after we will have a private tour from the Director around the facility.'' ''I think…. I think a lecture may be asking too much of David. He doesn't cope well with crowds…'' Spock is slightly disappointed at the refusal but he understands. ''Spock, would we be able to join you after the lecture? There would be less people and I know how much David loves animals. I think it would be a perfect setting for us all to meet and get acquainted.'' ''I... I would be pleased to have you accompany us. We ourselves prefer not to be overstimulated by crowds. Vulcans as I'm sure you are aware are telepaths and on occasion when we are amongst large crowds their emotions and thoughts can adversely affect us.'' He is curious to ask James about his son's heritage but decides to leave the matter be until such a time as James was ready to divulge the information himself. ''Wow, T'Lera, so that means you were incredibly brave when you fought your way through to my ice-cream stall.'' James mouth is wide in a circle with exaggeration and his daughter's chest pushes out while she adjusts her spine to sit up properly. ''Yes.'' She replies and Spock is amused by her confidence. ''Amazing.'' Jim mutters while shaking his head, the last bite of his food disappearing into his mouth. Dinner conversation flows smoothly after that, talk of Starfleet and unexplored planets the main topic of conversation as T'Lera pesters him continuously for information. In the end Spock had to clear his throat to get her to cease talking and let Jim finish his drink. The clock on the table in the living room chimes nine times and Spock can see that Jim has become restless. ''T'Lera, bid your farewells to Mr Kirk.'' ''Jim!'' he corrects. '' Bid your farewells to Jim as he will be leaving shortly and it is as they say – past your bedtime.'' T'Lera frowns but nods in acknowledgment. ''Goodnight Jim. It was a satisfying and fascinating evening.'' She says before sticking her hand out in the human way and Spock quirks a brow at the display. Jim looks quickly over to Spock to ascertain whether it was acceptable to shake her hand. Grateful for the consideration he nods that if she was comfortable with the gesture, so was he. Jim bends down on one knee and shakes her hand, her impossibly tiny fingers clasped between his own long but lean digits. ''Goodnight T'Lera. It was equally as fascinating and enjoyable talking to you and your dad tonight.'' Jim smirks as she all but radiates joy at the compliment before walking backwards off to her bedroom. ''She is a wonderful girl, Spock. You've done well. No, seriously I could tell after five minutes of speaking to her that she is going to go places no one has ever dared to go.'' It is the first time – apart from his mother naturally – that someone has praised him for the way that he has raised his daughter and he is briefly overcome with an emotional urge to embrace this human male in gratitude. ''She is my greatest achievement.'' ''No doubt.'' Spock begins to lead them to the front door, bypassing the lounge and upon reaching the doorway he hesitates before handing James his jacket. ''I would walk you back to your house James, however I cannot leave T'Lera unattended.'' He says, a slither of regret leaking through his voice and Jim closes the space between them until they are both standing in front of his jacket a mere five inches apart. ''That's OK, Spock. We should expect that dating with children will be different than what other couples do and go through. I'm just happy to be here with you.'' His voice has dropped to a seductive whisper. Spock shivers. James' right arm reaches out slowly and Spock is puzzled when his own arm is brought up and their wrists connect… James extends two fingers, touching them softly to Spocks. A kiss. A Vulcan kiss. It was tender, it was inhumanly passionate and he cannot stop his eyes from closing or how his heart stills for a moment at the feeling of Jim's emotions washing through him. Amusement. Fondness. Lust. Curiosity. He opens his eyes slowly when Jim removes the contact between them but he discovers that he yearns for more and before he can analyse his actions he has leaned in kissed him. James' lips are soft, a slight scratch from an afternoons worth of stubble, warm and inviting after the initial gasp of shock. They deepen the kiss and it comes to a surprise to both of them as they simultaneously let out whimpers of enjoyment at the first taste of each other. Spock pulls back, embarrassed at his lack of self-control but he dares to overstep and places a hand on Jims' cheek, cupping his chin. ''I am extraordinarily drawn to you James. For reasons I cannot fully comprehend.'' ''I feel it too. It such a bizarre feeling to feel so comfortable with you. To be so attracted to you without fully knowing you yet feeling like I do. Does that make sense?'' ''You are babbling, Jim.'' Spock notes and this causes a hearty laugh before Jim kisses him once more. ''I would absolutely love to continue this but I need to get home to David. Bones also has a life to lead and I feel bad making him babysit so often as it is.'' Jim steps away but Spock grabs his wrist. ''This… Bones… is he your friend? Perhaps more?'' ''Oh god no. He's my brother. Well, not blood related, but may as well be. Or is father the more accurate term? Depends on the day of the week I suppose. He's family, Spock.'' 'I apologise. It is illogical of me to enquire into a situation that does not concern me. '' ''Not at all. We are seeing each other Spock. And just so you know… I don't share either.'' He says with a cheeky wink. A quick squeeze and a smiling kiss on the cheek later and Spock was suddenly surrounded by a vast amount of space around his person and he instantly mourns the loss of Jims contact. ''I'll call you tomorrow, ok? I'm afraid I'm going to be a bit busy this week as its nearing end of term for my students and summer holidays are just round the bend.'' He gives a long suffering sigh but bounces back to his earlier mood just as quickly as Spock's next breath. ''I would be gratified to see you whenever you are next available, James.'' He clasps his hands behind his back and looks to the floor. Suddenly unsettled by the thought that he will have to wait an unknown amount of time before seeing him again. ''Hey, we'll talk. All the time. I'm only a comm message away and maybe we could meet for lunch again before picking the kids up?'' he queries with an adorable head tilt and Spock looks up with to see the same disappointment at their impending time apart. ''Indeed.'' An itch begins to surface beneath his skin. A demand, a voiceless whisper of an urge that wants him to bring James back into his apartment and claim him. He quickly squashes it down as he steps backwards into the safety of his home, resisting the temptation. ''See you soon, Spock.'' A shy wave is given accompanied by the biggest smile imaginable and his heart stutters once more in his chest. Surak… he has never felt… anything like this before. The door to his home closes and James disappears from view leaving him with a quiet house and nothing but the sound of a clock ticking against the far wall. The sensations and emotions which had so rapidly changed and coursed through him all evening left his body in one big sigh and suddenly all was as he knew it. Logical. Separate. Apart. As a proud member of the Vulcan species he should be overjoyed at regaining his senses and returning to a familiar state… yet he felt nothing but displeasure at the lack of Jims' presence. For the first time in years he relished feeling…something. This strange pull; this sirens call whenever he was around James had to mean something. As he walked past his daughters room - the door slightly ajar - he heard a rustle from the blankets and stopped to peer through the crack. ''Father… if you do not marry Jim, I will. '' A sleepy giggle wafts up from beneath the covers and Spock's jaw drops at the declaration. He refuses to respond and turns on his heel, four steps to his own bedroom and upon reaching for the doorknob he laughs. ''Brat.''
True to his word; Jim had kept in contact daily. It was not the type of contact that led to conversation however; as the time between his responses varied from minutes to hours in reply to Spocks' messages. He was fully aware that they were both leading busy lives and that there was no cause for concern, feelings of neglect or any insult intended. It was simply that Jim was too busy to have a proper conversation during daylight hours. He would receive 'updates' for lack of a better word on how James' day was going. 'Hot out here! You must love this weather? Was it this warm on Vulcan?' 'OMG, someone has tied a cadet to a flagpole. I wish they could adopt a more logical approach to life. *wink*' 'You're a really good kisser. You know that right? Well, you are!' From the mundane mentions to what they were having for lunch to the interesting topics of federation wars and diplomacy; Spock found himself eagerly awaiting each message. When the first week passed and they did not see each other he buried himself in his work. A security breach at a genetics research lab had occurred two nights previously and Spock was aware that if he did not patch the leak that thousands of beings DNA and personal information could fall in to the wrong hands. This task had kept him occupied on the nights where he knew Jim would be fast asleep and so life seemed to pass by much as it did before except now he felt a sense of hope that perhaps - and almost selfishly so - that his life could involve more than just being a father. Perhaps he could be a friend. A lover? Perhaps he could even one day dare to call himself someone's husband again. While he would never give up his title of father, a responsibility that he has come to love and cherish, he longed for a sense of belonging on a personal level. This is not something that he had ever hoped to find on Vulcan, his mother being the only accepting and comforting creature on the planet, so this chance with Jim was one he would not let go of lightly. On the eighth morning since they had last seen one another it was an unusually crisp morning for the middle of summer and a slight sprinkling of rain had started to fall around his shoulders as he walked his daughter to school. Being prepared for such an event, he quickly unfolded his umbrella and gathered his daughter closer to his side so that they may both be covered and protected. And there, across the street, as the hustle and bustle of hover cars and pedestrians parted, he saw Jim. An astonishing urge to wade through traffic and grab onto this embodiment of hope assaulted all his senses until his daughters tugging on his sleeve brought him back to Earth. ''Its Jim, Father. Look!'' He watched as James ran his fingers through his hair, the rain having wet it enough that it clung to his forehead and Spock raised a hand in the Taal, his feet dragging him automatically forward without his consent. The bell rang signalling the start of school and the cacophony of screaming and excitable children dumbed down to whisper. With much regret he forced himself to look away from James and attend to his daughter. ''Learn as much as you can. Be kind to those who don't understand and respect your elders Daughter.'' ''Of course. I will see you at precisely two in the afternoon Father.'' ''Indeed.'' He bade her farewell and watched with affection as her schoolmates surrounded her and they began conversing animatedly about the day ahead. He was deeply thrilled that his daughter had so many friends and found himself grateful that he could spare her his lonely school years. As soon as she disappeared from his view he turned with blinding speed towards James' last known location and was subsequently crushed when he no longer saw him standing there. Resigned to the fact that this was the way it had to be for the foreseeable future, he gave his umbrella a shake and turned in the direction of the Library. ''Spock!'' Approximately two seconds later James had grabbed onto his hand holding the umbrella and pulling him forward, pressed his warm lips against Spocks. Whatever qualms Spock may have had over public displays of affection were lost in the rain as the umbrella came down lower over their heads and the slickness of a tongue entered his mouth, an impassioned arm wrapping around his waist. He returned the kiss as deeply and as filled with want and urgency as he could show in those brief seconds their lips locked - but all too soon he was once again surrounded by space. James steps back and out from the shelter of the umbrella and the pitter-patter of the rain on his leather jacket rolls down his sleeve in small patterned waves. ''I miss you. Isn't that ridiculous?!'' His laughter was muffled by the rain which had increased in its intensity but his words penetrated through Spock as if though they had been spoken straight into his ear. ''I mean… I barely know you. But you're all I can think about. You are the first person I want to see in the morning and the minute I know I have to go to sleep… there you are again! I don't get it and I don't care. I thought you should know.'' He can say nothing…do nothing in the face of this blatant adoration so instead he did what he has been trained not to do for most of his life. He smiles. It is wide and it is happy and the creases around his eyes deepen with the ever soaring feelings in his chest at having James confess to experiencing and returning his emotions. ''I do not seek to understand it James. It is what it is. I too, share your sentiments. I miss you as well.'' ''So we're on the same page then, yeah?'' ''Yes.'' ''I have to go Spock.'' ''I know.'' ''I just came to drop David off at school and… Gods, it's good to see you.'' His smile is still fixed in place and James gives another nervous laugh, the same sweeping back of his hair movement before he shoves his hands into his jeans pockets and shakes his head; a cheeky grin plastered across his mouth as he sways back and forth on his heels. ''I'll see you soon.'' Nodding his head in agreement Spock stands still and watches James walk away. The saunter and sway of his hips momentarily sending a shudder of lust through him before finally he comes back to his senses with the last glimpse of James as he turns a corner. Two days passed and as he sent his daughter off to school, he found himself closing his eyes and counting to three as soon as she had entered the building. He did this mostly to calm himself but also because he foolishly wished that when he opened his eyes James would be standing in front of him again. Today would be another day he had to taste the bitterness of disappointment. Resolving to reach the Library earlier than intended - he fell into a fast paced walk and calculated the best routes to take through the many alleys and side streets. His communicator blared to life in his pocket and reaching down to his hip to remove it from its holder he was curious as to whom the caller might be. ''This is Spock. Please identify yourself and your purpose for calling.'' ''Jesus, you really are a Vulcan. I mean, I had my doubts as I can't see why a Vulcan would want anything to do with huma-'' ''Please identify yourself or I will terminate this call.'' ''Hold ya horses there. My name is Leonard McCoy. '' ''I am unfamiliar with your name Sir. Please state the purpose of your call.'' ''Well you impatient, green-blood elf - I wanted to know what voodoo you were using on Jim to turn him into a 12 year old schoolgirl that squeals sporadically throughout the night whenever he says your name!'' ''Are you whom James refers to as 'Bones'?'' ''Yeah, that's me.'' A most unpleasant man Spock concludes but he is intrigued nonetheless. ''Is James in good health?'' a slither of fear assails him but he pushes it aside. ''The kid is fine. You didn't answer my question. I know you're capable of mind melds and other hijinks and I want to know – as Jims best friend and as a Doctor –'' ''I have not coerced or manipulated James Kirk in any way. It is however none of your business what two consenting adults do inside the borders of their own relationship…'- 'Now ya just wait one goddamn minu'- 'However, because he speaks fondly of you and considers you as family I will do my best to keep you updated on those things which I do not deem overly personal.'' ''Hmph.'' ''Are you in agreement Dr McCoy?'' ''We need to meet.'' ''For what purpose?'' ''Bloody hell man! Could you just meet me on second street next to the Romanov Café in an hour?'' ''I will be there.'' ''Good.'' The line disconnects and a vein in his forehead pulses in annoyance at the intrusion but for the good of his relationship with Jim – he would attend and be as accommodating as possible. But insults would not be tolerated. Determined to reach the park where he first met James well before the allotted time he and the Doctor were supposed to meet; he sent a short message to his colleague explaining his delay and that he would return to work as soon as he was able. He was fortunately allowed to work at his own pace and the two hours lost today he could easily make up in the small hours of the night. Mentally preparing himself for what would no doubt be a fascinating yet taxing morning he set off at a determined pace. Being ten minutes early, Spock surveyed the calm and quiet of the park. As the children were all in school – the only noise came from the swing set that squeaked in the breeze from a rusty chain. The rain had all but ceased and Spock placed the umbrella next to his feet as he seated himself on the same bench where he first encountered James. However, peace is never meant to last and with the suddenness of a tornado, the bench shook and Spock felt his posterior slightly lift off the seat and a weary, white coated man slumped in the space next to him, legs out stretched and yawning loudly. ''Hi Spock.'' He quirks a brow at the informal greeting but lets it pass. ''Doctor McCoy.'' To his surprise the Doctor attempts the Taal but somehow can't quite manage the finger placement but the effort is nonetheless appreciated. ''Look, I know we are both busy guys, so I wanted to do this now while I had the chance.'' ''I am listening.'' As the Doctor yawns again Spock takes a moment to observe the human beside him. Leonard's coat is crinkled and creased and there is a suspicious yellow stain near his collar which Spock surmises could be anything from mustard to an unknown substance that he did not wish to identify. The doctor clearly had not shaved in several days as a brown-grayish beard and moustache had formed and ah… it was indeed mustard as he espied the corner of the man's lips smudged yellow. He looked – simply put - exhausted. Hair dishevelled and borderline purple marks beneath his eyes that carried the look of long nights and stress. ''I know I look like shit – I've just come off a 72 hour shift at MedGen. We had an outbreak of Demeanus Pox in our children's ward and I've delivered nine babies from four different species – so you'll have to forgive me for not dressing up for this occasion. '' ''I do not believe I have mentioned or commented on the way you look Dr Mc-'' ''You don't have to. I can see it in your eyes. Anyway, do you love Jim?'' The abruptness of his question as well as the rapid change of topic causes his mouth to fall open and an influx of indignant incredulity and annoyance to pass through him at the invasion of his privacy. Somehow logic prevailed and over-rode his immediate urge to tell the man that this discussion was now over. Taking a deep breath he looks the Doctor in the eyes, the hazel hue dimmed from fatigue and makes a conscious decision to be honest. ''I do not know.'' ''Well… that's a better answer than I expected.'' ''Clarify, if you would please.'' ''If you had told me that you love the kid I would have considered you both mad and given your relationship at best three-to-four months before it fizzled out.'' He yawns again and folds his arms across his chest while craning his neck to look up at the sky. ''Because you have told me that you don't know – I'm thinking that at least you are clever enough not to label it so soon, that you won't rush headlong into a relationship.'' ''I have no plans to 'rush' as you say, into anything. There are important factors to consider such as compatibility and the welfare of our children in the long run.'' ''I'm happy to hear you say that Spock, because Jim has given up and lost so much throughout his life and I would hate for this… thing … between you two – to be another thing that he will take years to recover from.'' ''I will not deny that there is something that draws me to James, Dr Mcoy. He is the single most unique individual I have had the good fortune to meet. I will not rush into a relationship but nor will I shy away from the chance to engage in one with him. '' ''I see.'' ''You wished to speak to me regarding my relationship with James. We have done so. Is there anything else you would like to discuss while the opportunity is here to do so?'' ''God, you're gonna be a lot of fun for the rest of my life.'' The doctors' eye roll is extreme and Spock ignores his irritation once more before standing. ''Sit back down. There are a few things I need to tell you about Jim.'' ''I do not believe it is your place to divulge that information and I would prefer to hear the details from James.'' ''I'm not breaching no confidentiality agreements if you're asking. I am a doctor, I know my oaths. No, this is purely because I care about the kid and about David. I have looked after them for years and they are my family.'' ''Very well.'' Spock takes his seat again and clasps his hands in his lap as he waits for the Doctor to enlighten him. ''Jim, you can't give up your ship! You've worked so hard for this. All those years in the academy, all those tests and bar fights and that damn Kobiyashi Maru! The fleet would lose one of its most talented Captains it's ever seen!'' A long-suffering sigh leaves him and he tries to the best of his ability to tune out the outraged ranting of Christopher Pike. He has made his decision. It's final. Finite. Bam. The end. Nothing anyone can say or has tried to say over the last month has penetrated his resolve or shaken his determination. The link that David has formed with him is partly to blame for him being in this situation but he is relatively sure that even without it he would have seriously considered giving up his career in space in order to raise the kid. He knew what it was like to be abandoned, to find love and security only for it to be ripped away – time and time again and he would be damned if he forced this little boy into some of the things he had to endure. Not that famines that kill four thousand people through the words of a lunatic happen often, mind you - but everything else that came after that – well, he shuddered as his memories came flooding in, unwelcome and tasting of acid. ''Jim, are you even listening to me?'' Pike gives a bit of growl and Jim throws him back a sheepish smile. ''Chris, all you need to do is implement a day care facility on board my ship. Something detachable that can be secured and jettisoned in the event of battle or catastrophe. It's a small thing… really.'' ''If we redesigned your ship, gave in to your utterly ludicrous demands of turning our most prized ship and the best one in the fleet, into some sort of domesticated family love boat, well I would have to resign here and now. There's no way this would fly with the higher ups.'' ''Why not though. I'm asking for two teachers, a paediatrician and an experienced child minder. Obviously enterprise would have to go through a small refit to add the classroom and I would be happy to help with the engineering designs of the detachable parts- '' ''You're not getting it Jim! If we give you what you want, next thing we know there are ripples and uproars throughout the entirety of Starfleet where everyone with a child will demand that they come aboard and be provided for. The cost alone would be astronomical and it could turn into the biggest PR nightmare of the century!'' ''So it's settled then. I'm resigning my Captaincy. I'll move out to Cisco and teach, raise my kid, maybe meet someone special and live happily ever after.'' ''I know you Jim. You thirst for adventure, you love the thrill of those first moments before battle, you love being tested and pushed to your limits. Your genius knows no bounds and if you do this… you will stagnate. You will come to resent the boy. '' ' 'No, I think that from now on my adventures will just be a little different, the battles I fight will change from the threat of casualties to having to take someone's toys away if they misbehave. I will be tested, I will lose patience and have to think of alternative ways to live my life. I will never resent anyone who has reached out to me for love.'' The silence settles over them both like a smothering blanket and Jim clears his throat awkwardly. ''I have to do this Chris. I'll still be in 'fleet. I can still rise through the ranks if I want to… but right now… David needs me.'' ' 'David, huh?'' a chuckle leaves Pike. ''Good name.'' ''I thought so.'' A wry grin forms on his mouth and Pike sighs. '' I'll get the paperwork going and write my letter of recommendation. God help the kids who get taught by you! They won't know what hit them.'' With a final wink the screen turns black and Jim immediately relaxes back into his chair. He had so much to think about and yet his mind kept running over three things. The kid. His career. And Uhura. To think that he had spent the better part of a year chasing after her, flirting with her, annoying the holy shit out of her… and finally proving to her that he was a man of substance and good enough to date... and here he had to leave her because he knew – without a shadow of a doubt- that she would not follow after him. Uhura loved kids. She wanted them. But just not now. She was the best communications officer in the fleet and one day she would be a fearsome admiral that was merciful as well as diabolically dangerous. If there was one woman he would never want to cross it would be her. They have been seeing each other just shy of nine months. It was comfortable. The sex was fantastic, the conversations between them even better… and yet that spark that makes one person the sole reason of living for the other – was missing in this instance. He did love her – it was a comfortable love. A familiar love that would continue with some effort so long as he chose to make it. He glances into the corner of the room at the cradle where David is currently turning his sleeve into a sopping, saliva-soaked piece of cloth and wanders over to inspect his little man. ''Well… maybe one day we will find a parent for you. A mommy or a daddy.'' He winks at the boy who simply stares at him in confusion. David reaches up towards him and he automatically bends down to let the boy touch his face. He feels Davids' amusement and chuckles heartily before scooping him up into his arms. ''Do you like ….aeroplane? I wonder.'' He turns the boy over onto his tummy and lays him over his arms and begins shuffling across the carpet. Arms out stretched - David begins to fly across the room whilst Jim gives his best impersonation of what an aeroplane might sound like. Jim immediately stops when he notices how Davids' arms and legs have gone ramrod stiff and quickly turns him over and lifts him up so that they are face to face. He will forever be thankful that he had waited that one second extra before opening his mouth as a torrent of what can only be termed as projectile vomiting covers his face, his neck and splatters across his shoes in the timespan of a blink. ''Clean up on aisle four!'' Jim is disgusted. But he laughs anyway. A thorough scrubbing and shower later, Jim having changed his clothes as well as Davids' – he makes his way with the boy in tow on his hip– down to Medbay. ''Bones… the kid painted my shoes white.'' Kirk whines and hears a snort in response. ''Come again?'' was the reply from the other side of a curtain drawn in front of a bio-bed. ''Like… I have seen some gnarly sh- I mean things in my life, but man I gotta tell you this one shocked me to my core.'' He pulls back the curtain and to his amusement finds Bones lying down on the bed book in hand. ''Any chance you can watch him for five while I go speak to Uhura… we, uh… have a few things to sort out before ..you know…'' ' 'Sure, but you know he screams bloody murder the moment anyone else touches him.'' Bones clambers off the bed and reaches out to take him and David instantaneously begins to wail like a banshee. ''See. I told you.'' Bones harrumphs as he takes the kid into his arms but David squirms and struggles and reaches back towards him. ''Wait. I want to try something.'' Kirk mutters as he takes hold of the boys hand and presses it to his cheek. As hard as he can he thinks of all the trust and love and admiration that he has for Bones. The feelings of safety knowing his good doctor would be there to patch him up and pick him up on his darker days. He tries to send all of this through to David and slowly but surely the boy stops crying. He sniffs and the snot bubbles are ridiculously cute and David has turned into Bones' arms and while still clearly disgruntled by the whole situation - is more tolerant of being held by someone other than Jim. ''What the hell did you do and how?'' Bones asks and Jim shakes his head. ''I just… let him in on a few things. He should be ok now. But I wouldn't let anyone else try to touch him.'' Jim kisses the top of Davids head and waves at Bones on his way out the door. ''Bloody hoodoo voodoo is what it is, kid.'' 'Come in!'' The door swishes open and the familiar scents of lavender and jasmine reach him before he sees her. She is sitting in front of the mirror, her floor length pale blue nightgown hanging from thin strips on her bare shoulders and the movement of her combing her hair makes the fabric rustle. She is beautiful. He walks up behind her and envelops her in a hug. She brings her hands up to place them over his own and brings one up to kiss the palm of his hand. There are no words that could lessen the blow and there was no need for tears or feeble attempts at coercion. ''I suppose it's time.'' ' 'Yeah… I suppose it is.'' They stare at one another through the reflection of the mirror and small smiles appear as they continue to watch each other. ''We had a good run didn't we?'' she hums into the back of his hand and he nods, bending down to place a kiss on her hair. ''We did. And if you if ever find yourself down on Earth, needing a place, some help or just a someone … I hope you'll think of me.'' Her eyes are watery but Uhura never the less smiles brightly up at him. ''I'll be sure to look you up Captain.'' One last kiss is shared between them, it is lingering and soft and chaste. James gives her shoulder a final squeeze before heading for the door and as much as it pains him – he doesn't look back. It would do neither of them any good to prolong this breakup and if any tears are to be shed it would be best to do them alone and behind closed doors. He has come a long way since meeting her in the bar but at that moment he felt like he needed to punch a few more people. He had no right to feel like it was unfair – having made all these decisions himself – but he felt like it was unfair regardless. Greeting the few folks on night shift as he roamed up and down his ship; he was surprised to discover that an hour had passed and he quickly turned around and headed back to Medbay – sudden guilt flaring at leaving David alone for so long. Waving at Christine who quickly put a finger in front of her mouth in the universal 'be quiet' sign, he tread lightly to the curtained biobed and peered behind it. Bones and David had obviously embarked on a reading adventure but both had failed their quest; seeing as how though they were both snoring and had equal amounts of drool forming around the corners of their mouths. Retrieving his communicator he activated the camera function and swore to himself that he would use this as blackmail to get away with eating as much chocolate as he wanted for the foreseeable future. Feeling the sting of tiredness behind his eyes he contemplated returning to his quarters but not wanting to wake the two sleeping beauties he instead made himself comfortable on the vacant biobed beside them. Closing his eyes he heard the faint sounds of snoring from his best friend and his son. Everything would be okay. He hoped. As it turned out – leaving it all behind was a hell of a lot harder than he thought it was going to be. The last few weeks on the bridge was filled with raucous laughter and prank pulling, the atmosphere bitter-sweet as he did his best to spend time with each member of his crew one by one. He challenged Sulu to a fencing duel and just about the entire crew turned up to watch the match. He won the first round much to Sulus shock and exclamations of 'oh my's' around the gym – as well as the curse words that he hoped his son wouldn't mimic later on. In the end after a gruelling three matches – he lost spectacularly and Sulu was lifted in the air and twirled by many hands wanting to congratulate him and James slipped away from the crowd with a sad smile on his face. For Chekov, well inside the teens quarters was a makeshift bar of sorts and it was the place to be. An hour in and Kirk was seeing double from the concoctions of 'Russian made' Vodka and a liqueur that he was positive was illegal to be in possession of in Federation Space. The gang had gathered round a table and an intense poker game had begun the moment he had walked through the door. Slightly addled and deliriously drunk – Bones helped him to his quarters and he fell face down on the bed –oblivious to world around him and down three hundred credits. His Science and First officer Samuels had extended an invitation to a meal and Kirk was grateful that he could spend one night where nothing overly exciting would happen and where David could sit on the floor near the table and play with the blocks he had gifted him two days before. Having briefly discussed ships business about who would take over from Jim once he left – A Captain Decker – he changed subjects to literature instead – knowing that Samuels was an avid history buff and for the next hour was regaled with fanciful stories of Rome of Old. By some unspoken agreement he and Uhura had decided to not spend any time together just in case they fell into old habits or worse yet – back into bed with one another. On the final day of his Captaincy, James sat in his Captains chair and ran his hand down the arm, the feel, the power, the familiarity of the controls and he was eternally grateful that his crew kept their eyes forward as he put his head in his hand – a single tear escaping before he hurriedly wiped it away. He would have to give up so much – but he was certain that he would gain so much more, in so many ways, that what he gave up would no longer matter in a years' time. Plus – Bones was coming with him. He gave his last orders and initiated docking procedures. He walked calmly over to the turbolift and upon turning inside – his bridge crew stood and faced him. With a final salute and a wink straight after the doors closed ; he left his ship for good within the next hour- a small Romulan boy clinging around his neck and an elated Doctor who hated Space to begin with – standing behind him whistling a country tune. ''Spock… if you intend to get into a relationship with Jim… I would like to ask you that when you do – you add to his life. You make it better. There are things that have happened to Jim and things that he has been forced to endure that no child or adult should.'' ''I see.'' He has much to think about from the little that Dr McCoy has divulged and it only added to his conviction that James was a good, responsible man who would do anything and everything for those that he loved. ''Doctor McCoy, I thank you for the information and will take what you have said seriously. I have not seen James in several days and unfortunately our communication has been intermittent and regularly interrupted – but I do indeed - plan to see him again at his earliest convenience.'' ''Good. Also one more thing. Jim and I come as a package. For as long as he needs me in his life I will be there. You got a problem with that you come to me okay?'' ''I … I am gratified for your presence in his life and should it become a hindrance to our relationship I will be sure to make my opinions known to you.'' ''Humph. That should be interesting.'' He suddenly stands and starts to dust off imaginary dust and gives a long big sniff before stretching his arms above his head and dropping them wearily back down to his sides again. ''I've gotta get going. See you around Spock.'' Before Spock could even bid his goodbyes the man had started walking away. A most peculiar human being. Well intentioned obviously, naturally caring - but his personality would be an acquired taste. He did not know if they would become friends but he illogically hoped so as it would benefit them all if that were to be the case. Deciding to centre himself and reflect on McCoys words – one thing immediately popped into his head. James was bisexual. Not a concern in the slightest since he had bonded with a female and produced a child but… But that somewhere out there … Was a woman he loved and had to leave behind. He cursed and damned his insecurities – remnants of T'Prings betrayal resurfacing and decided that for now – he would ignore her existence as it made no logical sense to concern oneself over something that could potentially not even come to pass. He was due to meet James in three days for their trip to the aquarium with the children and his soul sang as the excitement of their next encounter bubbled beneath the surface. For now he would continue to wait… even if it was with impatience.
