Evan Love sat hunched over the latest estimates for the primary road construction on New Vulcan. Jocelyn had left to pick up Joanna from school and had taken Crystal with her to give him a couple of hours peace. She said something about going to the market as she hurried out the door. The bid for the contract had to be accurate to the credit if it was to get past the preliminaries, these were Vulcans after all. The first contractor had walked out on the project because of the difficulties caused by the Vulcan committee. Evan had no problems dealing with Vulcans' exacting standards, he was raised with them. This was the opportunity he had been waiting for ever since he heard about the new colony. This small project could get his name known and would help if there were larger projects in the future. He was deep into his calculations when the comm on the edge of his desk went off. The communication was from Starfleet, though the number didn't look familiar. Len's, Seri's, Cal's, Spock's, Pavel's, and Jim's numbers were programed into his phone under their names. He hesitated before flipping it open. "Hello." The voice on the other side of the comm had a practiced calm about it. "Is this Dr. Evan Love?" "Yes, it is? Who is this?" "Dr. Love my name is Reverend Combs." His heart felt like it would burst through his chest. He could taste the adrenaline. "He's dead, isn't he?" "Who? Who is dead?" "Dr. McCoy, Leonard McCoy, CMO of the Enterprise." "No sir. Dr. McCoy is not harmed." Evan's voice seemed to deflate. "Oh God, it's Jim; Kirk, Captain James Kirk." "Yes sir, it is, but he isn't dead. He is in stasis. Have you heard about what happened several hours ago in San Francisco?" "No sir, I'm sorry, I haven't." It took all of Evan's control to stop his hand from shaking. "There has been an attack on the city. The casualties are in the thousands, more than likely tens of thousands. The crew of the Enterprise saved Earth from what could have been an even more disastrous attack. Unfortunately, Captain Kirk was fatally wounded saving the ship. Dr. McCoy was able to put him into stasis and is hopeful he will be able to restore the Captain. We are asking that the Captain's family come to San Francisco to aid in his recovery." There was dead silence from Evan's side of the conversation. "Dr. Love, did you hear me?" "I heard you. Has Dr. McCoy's mother and father been informed? They are Captain Kirk's next of kin as well." "Yes sir, they were contacted first. They said they would be coming to the hospital." "Where are the doctor and captain?" "They are at Starfleet's medical center. May I tell Dr. McCoy that you will be coming?" "Tell him that Dr. Jocelyn Love and his daughter will be coming, and that I will follow after. Tell him I'll take care of things at home before I leave. He'll understand. Can you tell me if Dr. Targan, Commander Spock, Dr. Caroline McCoy, Lieutenant Uhuru, Lieutenant Sulu, or Ensign Chekov were among the wounded or the fatalities?" There was a pause as the Chaplin looked over his list. "No sir, they are not on the list. I have received a message from Dr. McCoy, the other Dr. McCoy. She said she will have accommodations ready for you and will be at the landing pad to meet you. Starfleet will be sending a shuttle for the family as soon as it is safe to land in the city." "Tell her who will be there. May I assume communication is limited at this time?" "Yes sir, it is. It should be completely restored in a day or two. I will contact you with the shuttle information as soon as I receive it. If I can be of any further assistance please contact me at any time." "Thank you." Evan closed the comm. He stared at it as he moved it around in his hand. How could he tell them? He flipped it open and commed his wife. "Baby, can you come straight home instead of going to the market?" He kept his voice as steady as possible. "What's wrong?" No one could fool Jocelyn McCoy Love, not even her husband. "Just come home." He closed the comm again and continued to look at it. They would be home soon. He needed to find a way to tell them, Joce would be bad, but Jo; that would be worse. Uncle Jim was her best friend, that is what she told everyone. They had a special bond since the day they met. It could be worse he told himself, he could be dead, or it could have been Len. Funny he never thought of Seri, Cal, Nyota, Hikaru, or Pavel dying, but with Len, Spock, and Jim it was always a possibility. He called George who told him Lena was packing to leave as soon as possible. They already called Jazined and Ekaterina. He sent a message to Ginny telling her that her brother was not injured in the attack. He had to tell Jake and Sarah, how the fuck would he do that? He put his face in his hands and waited to hear the craft come up the drive. It was ten minutes before he heard the craft pull up. Slowly he pushed himself from the desk, walked out the front door and waited on the porch for the women in his life to come up. Joce was holding Crystal as she started for the house. One look at her husband's face told her something horrible had happened. "Jojo, please take Crystal in and change her." "Mommy, what's wrong?" Jo looked at her stepdad, he looked upset. To Evan she looked so much like her dad, full of love and worry. She was only twelve, but there were times she looked much older. Joce got her daughter's attention. "Please just do it. I'll be in, in a few minutes." Jo knew this was one of the times she shouldn't argue with her mother. She carried her sister in and shut the door. Joce walked up the stairs, her eyes locked with Evan's. She turned white as she realized what this was most likely about. "Please don't say it. Please Evan no…" "It's not Len." Joce's eyes closed. She couldn't bear to lose her best friend. Next to her husband Len was the most important man in her life. Then it hit her. "Oh God, no, Jim?" "He isn't dead, not really. Len put him into stasis. I don't know exactly what happened, but they have asked for Jim's family to come to Starfleet medical. Mama and George are packing to leave. I thought you and Jo should go with them. I'll take care of things here before I leave. Before you ask, Jaz and Kat know as well." "They'll be heading there. Have you told Jake or Sarah?" "Not yet. I don't know how to do it." She hugged him tight. "Do it the way you told me. First we need to tell Jo." His voice was a whisper. "I know." Just the thought of telling his baby about her uncle hurt him in ways he didn't know were possible. They went upstairs to find Jo. She was in her room. "Don't worry, Crystal is changed. She was tired so I put her to bed." Both adults looked and felt upset, and scared. "What is it?" Tears fell down Joce's cheeks. "No. Please, no, not daddy; please." Evan walked with her to the bed to sit down. "No baby, your dad is fine. He's safe. Aunt Seri and Aunt Cal are also. Pavel is okay too." "No, Uncle Evan not Uncle Jim. Please, Uncle Evan don't say it." She was shaking as he and her mother held her. "Your dad put him in stasis so he isn't technically dead. Something bad happened in San Francisco a few hours ago. I don't know what, but the Enterprise was involved. They want us all there to help with his recovery. I have to take care of things here before I go, but you and your mom can go as soon as possible. I'll meet you there." "Mom, daddy will need us." "Yes baby. I'm going to talk to grandmom and see when we can get there. Go pack, I'll pack for Crystal and me." She looked at Evan as she stood up. Joce knew that at that moment her baby needed her stepdad. Jo couldn't stand yet. Evan tightened his arm around her shoulders. "It's alright baby. We'll get there." Jo turned into his chest and started to cry. Evan put a hand behind her head and held her close. It hurt to see her like this. He couldn't remember the last time he saw her cry. "I've got you sweetie." "Please come with us." She had put her arms around his neck, the way she did when she was little. "I need to get Uncle Tucker here first. You know Aunt Sarah and Uncle Jake are going to want to be there. We need to get things taken care of here so your dad doesn't have to worry about it. As soon as he can get here, I promise I'll be there with you. If anything else happens, I'll leave here immediately. I promise baby." When she finally calmed, she looked at her stepdad. "He's still alive?" "Not exactly. He is in stasis. They say your dad is confident he can save him. I don't know anything else baby. You should get packed so you can leave as soon as they clear the city for shuttles." Jo hugged him one more time, then left the room. Evan leaned forward, elbows on his knees, hands in his hair. He took a deep breath before standing, going downstairs and out the door to Sarah and Jake's. Evan knocked on the door. He didn't feel right letting himself in, not with the news he had come to deliver. He could see Sarah through the window in the door. "Hey you, what are you doing knocking?" Her smile faded as she finally looked at his face. "What happened?" "Where is Jake?" "Come in, I'll get him." She yelled into the kitchen as she went to the stairs. "Kids stay there." It wasn't long before Jake and she joined Evan in the parlor. Evan was pacing, trying to get up the nerve to tell them about their family. Jake gently grabbed his arm. "Let's sit over here." They sat on the overstuffed antique sofa. Sarah pulled up a chair so they could be close to each other. Evan looked at two of his dearest friends. "I got a call from Starfleet. A chaplain called." Sarah took a deep breath and grabbed her husband's hand. Jake held it a little tighter than he would normally. He didn't want to ask, he didn't want to know, but he needed to know. "Len?" "No, Jim. He's in stasis. They say Len is confident he can save him." Sarah knew there was more to it. "But you don't believe them." "No, I don't. It seemed like something he said to make sure the family was calm on their trip. I believe Len, Seri, Cal, Spock, Nyota, Hikaru, and Pavel are safe. I also believe Jim is in stasis. The rest is questionable. They want his family to come. Mama and George are packed by now, Joce and Jo are packing." "Aren't you going?" "I'm going to call Tuck. I need him here if I go. You two need to be there. Jake, Jim will want you there when he wakes up." "And Len will want you there as soon as possible." "He will understand. I want to do this for him. I can watch the kids if you want to leave them." Sarah had picked up her comm. "I'm calling Tachin. She'll get here as soon as she can. I know her." "The chaplain said something happened in San Francisco, there are possibly tens of thousands dead and the Enterprise was involved. Everyone is leaving as soon as they are allowed." Jake put his hand over Evan's to get them to stop shaking. "We'll leave with everyone. I can stay with you if you need me." "I need you, but I need to do this for Len even more. Jake, I need to feel useful." "I get that." "I'll be home if you need me. Sarah, I'll take the kids until Tachin gets here." "Thanks, Evan I mean it. I'll bring them to your place when we leave. You should sleep in your own bed." Evan looked at her. "I'll be fine. I'll come here; it will be easier for the kids." Sarah looked at Jake. "Can you call Tachin?" He knew she wanted to talk to Evan alone. He was trying to hold himself together, but he was going to fall apart; better with Sarah than with Joce. Joce didn't need the extra stress. "I'll get her and start packing." He turned his attention back to Evan. "Thank you again. Ev, if you need me to stay you just have to tell me." "No, you need to be there." His leg was shaking as he had folded his hands trying to calm them. Jake left to call Tachin and talk to the kids. The little ones would be happy to spend time with Uncle Evan and Aunt Tachin. They wouldn't understand what was going on with their Uncle Jim. Evan was still seated on the couch staring at the floor. Sarah didn't know what to say. She was terrified, but Evan was worse. He had never been like this, not even after Vulcan was destroyed. "Evan…" "I wasn't ready for this. I planned what I thought was every scenario in my head; Len dead, Jim dead, Len seriously injured, Jim seriously injured, both of them or all of them dead but not this. What the fuck is stasis? Dead, but not dead? What if they can't bring him out of it? What if they do and he still never wakes? That's a definite possibility. What if…" "Stop it." She got his attention. "Right now, we don't know anything. I know that lack of control bothers you. It bothers me too, but we can't let it get to us. Ev, for now we have to say to ourselves, 'he's not dead'. We need to look at this that way until we are told otherwise. Look at it as him being seriously injured." He tried to keep his leg from shaking. Sarah put her hand gently on his thigh. "Sar, I didn't think I would react this way. I never react like this." She moved next to him on the couch and put her arm around his shoulder. It wasn't long before they both started to cry. She calmed first. "Please come out as soon as you can. We all need to be together." Sarah's hand rubbed up and down his back slowly. It was calming. Slowly Evan calmed under her touch. "I will. Tuck will get here as soon as he can. I'll contact him when I get back to the house. Sarah, I'm terrified. I'm never scared, let alone terrified." "You mean you never have been. You don't want to lose him, neither do I, but as of right now we haven't. We'll deal with that if the time comes. Until then, he is seriously injured. Why don't you call Len?" Evan needed a task before he went crazy. Calling Len would be good for both of the men. Evan sat up. "Communications are limited." "Call the Chaplin. I know you can be persuasive when you need to be, and right now, you need to be for Len's sake." "Thanks sis. I needed the perspective." He kissed Sarah before getting up to leave. "Sweetie, don't let Joce or Jo in the room when you talk to Len. He won't look good and they don't need the worry. I know Joce, and Jo…" "Is too young. I agree with you. Thanks again Sarah. I needed this." "Good thing we're neighbors." She stood up to see him out. Evan didn't move. He always towered over her. It didn't intimidate her, it made her feel safe and protected. "Good thing we're family." He kissed her again and left for home. Jake joined her in the living room. "That was good advice you gave him." She threw her arms around his waist. Jake held his wife, both too scared to address their fears. "He needs to see him, know he's alive. And, if I know Lenny…" "You definitely know Len." "He will need Evan. Those two make a strong team. I saw that after Vulcan. We need to get packed." The couple didn't move to pack, but stood in each other's arms as they prayed and clung to the fact that Jim wasn't really dead. Evan ran up the stairs to his home. Joce was waiting for him as soon as he opened the door. She clung to him as he led them into his office and closed the door. "What aren't you telling me? Evan, I know you are holding something back. Talk to me; I promise, I won't beak." "When I talked to the chaplain, he used the voice they use when they want to keep people calm. You know the one." "Yeah the same one you used with me on the phone. Do you think it's Len?" "No, but I think Jim is worse than he led on. I'll get Tucker here as soon as possible, but I think he is off planet. Joce, if I leave this place unattended, it will only add to Len's stress level." "I know. Call Tuck now. I'll call Uncle George, see when we can go." The two picked up their comms and began to locate the people they needed. Tucker was the first to answer. His voice sounded happy. Evan dreaded the conversation they needed to have. "Evan, how the hell are you?" "I'm fine. Tuck, I got a call from Starfleet." He heard the other man sit, or rather fall, into a chair. "Len?" "No, Jim. There was some kind of an accident, I don't know the particulars yet. He is in stasis. They want the family to come out. Part of me wants to ask you to go to Starfleet Medical, but what I really need is an even bigger favor." "You need me to take care of the farm. I need to finish up things here, but I can do that. It may take a little over a week for me to get there. Between what needs to be done here and the travel time. If you want to get someone else…" "Who else could I get that Len wouldn't worry. We need someone we can trust. That's you." "I'll call back with my time of arrival. Give me a day to put it all together. I wish I wasn't so fucking far away." "So do I." "Evan, it will be alright. I'll get there as soon as possible." With that Tucker signed off. Evan knew the man would move Heaven if that was what it took to get back. Now he needed to talk to Len. He wanted to do it without Joce in the room in case it was bad. "Hon, I thought we could all go to mama's for dinner. Do you think that would be alright?" "Uncle George told me to bring everyone over as soon as possible. No one wants to be alone. I'll get the kids and Shadow." "I'll join you as soon as I can. I need to make a couple more calls." He wouldn't lie to her, but he wouldn't tell her who he was calling. As upset as she was, Evan knew she wouldn't ask. Joce kissed him and hurried out to get everyone. It wasn't long before he heard the front door close and the craft take off. It was a few minutes before he realized Jake was in the office. "Sarah and the kids went with them?" "Yeah. I thought I'd stay with you." He sat in the big chair across from the desk. "I look that bad? Don't answer that. Thanks Jake. You're right, I need the support." Evan called the chaplain. "Reverend, it's Dr. Love. I need to be connected with Dr. Leonard McCoy. Can that be arranged?" "Give me a few minutes Dr. It may take a little while." "Trust me Revered, I have no where else I need to be." It was over five minutes before a defeated sounding voice came over the comm. "Ev, please come." "I'm getting Tuck to come to take care of the farm." "Good. Knowing him he'll get there as soon as possible. But please, Evan come as soon as you can." With that the comm went dead. The two men looked at each other. What the hell happened, and how could they get through it?
Len hung up the comm. Evan wasn't coming; at least he wasn't coming yet. It was a fucking damned if you do, damned if you don't situation. In the end the doctor knew his brother had made the right choice. Brother, that was the only word he could think of for Evan. What do you call a man you love, who you trust with everything you hold dear, who also happens to be the husband of your ex-wife? Brother seemed like the best word. Evan would be there as soon as he could. And he was always just a comm away. He would take care of home so Len could take care of what was in front of him. Brother, it was a word he used for the man in the black tube as well. "Christine! Carol!" The two women came running into the room. Carol still favoring her newly healed leg. "I need the two of you to be on call at all hours. There is a room down the hall with a full bath and a couple of beds. Go grab some clothes and come back as soon as possible. I'll requisition the room for your use. Please." Carol was confused. "I understand why you need Christine, but why do you need me? Don't get me wrong, I want to help. I just don't know what I can do." "The cryotube, I got him this far, but I need you to keep an eye on it. I won't be able to tell if there are minute changes that could cause issues to arise. I talked to Scotty on the way here. He says you are the best for this and I acquiesce to his expertise." "I understand doctor. I'll be right back." "It's Leonard. Please both of you, for now it's just Leonard." Carol smiled as she left, but Christine didn't move. "Len, I need you to talk to me. Joseph is busy at the civilian hospital, so I'm all you've got. You aren't as sure as you want people to think, are you?" McCoy flopped into the seat behind the desk. "Am I that obvious?" "Not to most people. Just talk to me." She took the seat across the desk from him. "I took a little over a pint of blood from the asshole. Don't worry, he's back in stasis. Right now, I'm breaking down the blood to try to manufacture a serum similar to the one I used on the furball." "So, what's concerning you?" "Jim's not a Tribble. " "No, he's not. Let me grab some things from my apartment. I'll be right back. Len?" He had been looking down at his lap. He looked up at her. "Hmmm?" "You can do this, can't you?" Len knew that in that moment she needed him to be Dr. McCoy, quiet and confident. "I can. I'll just need your help." "I'll be right back doctor." "Leonard!" He shouted after her as the door closed. After she left, he took a few minutes to look around at the room Starfleet had put him in. Two of the walls were covered in monitors, one with windows, the last was blank; much like his mind at the moment. The PADD in front of him held all of his work regarding the serum he used on Scotty's tribble. With a few strokes the two walls came to life. All of his work came up; one calculation flowing into another, one molecule bonding with another until the string was formed. Arms crossed Dr. McCoy studied every formula looking for any possible deviations that might be necessary because, as he said, James Kirk was not a tribble. A small hand rested on his arm near the elbow. "You need to get some food." He kissed the top of her head. "I will Seri. I just want to go over these again." "I thought you would say that." She pulled lightly on his arm. It was only then he noticed the food on the desk. He had been so engrossed in work that he didn't even feel his fiancé when she walked into the room. "You've been in here for hours. Imzadi, you haven't even showered. Please eat at least." "I'll eat. And I promise I'll get cleaned up." He kissed her again before they both sat down to dinner. "I talked to Ev." "I know I talked to Joce. She said they are coming as soon as they get the all clear. Now I need to tell you something and I don't want you to get the way you get." "What did you do?" He sounded irritated. "I called Rory and Owen about an hour ago. They are also coming." He threw down his sandwich. "Why the fuck would you do that?! I don't need their help." "Really? After the last time I thought…" "You thought what?" "You know what, you are being ridiculous. They are coming. You always do better with your family around and you know it. Be angry with me, I don't care. They are coming." With that she got up and left Len alone with his thoughts. Seri walked down the hall to the room with two guards outside the door. "Dr. Seriana Targan." She handed the lieutenant her I.D. "Yes doctor, let me get the door for you." He opened the door to an almost empty room. "Thank you." The guard closed the door leaving Seri alone with the black tube and her fears. It took a few minutes before she could bring herself to walk over to the cryotube. What would she see when she got there? It didn't take long to make it to the middle of the room. The tube looked like a casket to her. Before looking down she closed her eyes and tried to feel him, to feel anything. There was nothing. Maybe this was a casket. Then she looked down. He wasn't blue, he was sleeping. But he wasn't sleeping. If he were, she could feel him. "Jim please. I love you. Please baby, don't leave. Don't go." Shakily her hand ran over the window. It was cold to the touch, colder than it should have been. "He hasn't gone yet." Len's hand rested on hers. "I'm so sorry Peaches. I'm so sorry." With that she melted into the arms of her partner. Her sobs shook both of them as he let her fall apart, tears staining his chest. Seriana Targan never fell apart; except when she did. It took a while before she was able to compose herself. "I'm sorry, you don't need this." Gently he raised her chin with his thumb then carefully kissed the tears away. "I do. I need to know that I am still a part of you. That we still are one. You cry to me, and I promise I'll always come to you." "Deal. Len, I believe in you." "Even if I'm not sure. I have gone over everything." "Now you need to try it." "Once I get enough synthesized." "How long will that take?" "At least a day if not two." "Then you have time to wash and get some sleep." He pulled back from the embrace, from the feeling of warmth. "I can't leave him. I can't." "And after everything that you have gone through in the past twenty-four hours you need rest. Jim would want you to rest." Her hand caressed his cheek. "You are tired and filthy. Neither is conducive to you being at your best. Mama and Uncle George are coming soon. Joce is bringing Jo." "I know. I don't know if I want my baby here." "You may not, but you need her here. Also, she'll feel better if she is here. You know the munchkin, just like her daddy." "Too much sometimes. Where do you propose I get some sleep? I gave the on-call room to Carol and Christine." "Cal go us a couple of bungalows. There were a few on the other side of the campus that weren't destroyed. Len, you can't keep this up." Her eyes locked with his. "He can't be left alone. I'm not leaving him." McCoy was determined. He had taken Jim this far and couldn't abandon him. Seri could see the desperation in his eyes, even if he hid it from her in every other way. "Give me a few minutes. Did you finish dinner?" She placed her hands on his chest. He could block his thoughts and even his feelings, but he couldn't change his heart rate. Hell, even Spock couldn't do that in times of extreme stress or exhaustion. Steady, but with a slightly elevated rate. He definitely needed to walk out of the medical building and decompress. "No, I was an ass and I needed to find you." His voice shook slightly; something no one who worked in the building would have thought possible. "Len, I'm not going to leave you. You're tired and scared. For you that has always been a volatile combination. I haven't forgotten that first summer. But I appreciate the apology. Go eat. I'll take care of some things, then I'll join you." After he kissed the top of her head, Len left. As the door closed, Seri's attention went back to the man in the tube. "He'll kill himself to save you, if we let him." She took out her comm and placed a call. The doctor would need help if this was ever going to work. Len looked at his plate. He wasn't hungry, but as a doctor he knew how important it was to eat. As he picked at the sandwich and ate the salad, he waited for Seri to join him. The past five years she had been his anchor. She was the principle reason he had excelled as CMO of the fleet's flagship. The best doctor on the best ship, that was what everyone said. What did they fucking know? The position had become his by default; only experienced trauma surgeon left alive at the end of the Nero fiasco. He had a beating heart so Spock made him acting CMO. That by no means meant he would get the position after graduation, even with Jim begging the admiralty. Seri was the reason they considered him for the post. She kept him focused after Nero. When they came back from leave, she got his mind out of Georgia and back into Starfleet. He needed that or part of him would have been with Evan after the loss the man had suffered, with the rest of him running over "what if" scenarios in his head. At times the "what if's" were too horrific to entertain. No, without her his grades would have tanked and he would have been relegated to fixing skinned knees at the local clinic. His fiancé had helped him fulfill his potential. As he thought about it all he was the best Starfleet had to offer; the best trauma surgeon, the best research physician. Would all of that be enough now that it was needed. "You need to stop doing that. Mama always said you overthink things." "Hi sis." He stood as Caroline McCoy walked into the arms of her big brother. Len noticed her hair still smelled of honey, the way it did when they were back home. The admiral had informed him that his sister was safe, and he knew Seri had seen her; but until he held her, smelled her hair, felt her heart beat, he didn't believe she was unharmed. "God, it's good to see you." Her hand rubbed up and down his back slowly as she clung to him. "I thought you were dead. We heard the reports as things were happening." For the second time that day, Leonard McCoy held a woman he loved as she broke in his arms. The difference this time was the tears were for him. "I'm alright Cal, I've got you. I'm not going anywhere." "No, you're not, you're not okay. Have you looked in the mirror?" She wiped her eyes on his shirt the way she did when they were children. Cal tried to laugh, but the sound only held the fear she hid from all but him. As she pulled back her eyes studied his face. "I'm afraid to. Do you want to see him?" She let go of her grip completely and steeled herself for the tableau in the room down the hall. "I need to see him. And you need me to stay with him. I can do this." Len knew the last sentence was less a statement of fact, and more a way for her to convince herself. "I'm sorry? I don't understand." "Seri called while I was walking over. It takes a little while to get across campus right now." "I can imagine." "I don't think you can. Anyway, she asked if I could stay with Jim so she could drag you to the bungalow for a shower and some sleep." "Can't I just go back to your place?" "Lenny, I don't have a place, not after this afternoon. The entire building is gone." "Oh God Cal…I didn't realize…" "It doesn't matter. I didn't even have a plant or a fish. Everything I had in there is replaceable." He noticed her playing with the silver anchor that hung around her neck ever since the day Jim gave it to her, and the diamond studs he had given her still sparkled against her skin. She still possessed the only material things she treasured. "Grab some scrubs before they are gone. You'll need a change of clothes. Seri is meeting me here. I think she wants to make sure I've eaten." Cal looked at the half-eaten tray. "She'll be mildly pleased. You amazing fiancé, who you don't deserve by the way, is setting up a schedule so Jim is never left alone." Len's eyebrows knitted together. "Sweetie, she is worried about you. We all are." "Even Spock?" Her smile was large and genuine. "Believe it or not, especially Spock. He is still being debriefed at headquarters, but I met him before he went in. Oh, you should take a look at his hand and maybe his right shoulder when you are both at the house tonight. I did manage to grab two so everyone would have a place to stay. They couldn't say no to the sister of the Enterprise's CMO. Sorry, but I did wear you rank to get them. Ben and Demora are staying in the second one. Ben grabbed some clothes, her portable cot, pictures, the kitten and its litterbox, and the fish. Still can't figure out how he managed the fish. Sorry, their building is largely standing, but there is a lot of structural damage. I gave him an access card. He said he'll try to grab more of their things later if he is allowed back in. But they are safe." "How did you find him?" He commed me when he saw my apartment go down. We have become very close, and he panicked. Len, he was half crying when I answered. He had just gotten the little one from daycare, something about her having a doctor's appointment. Baby, the daycare was destroyed less than an hour later." "Move them to the house Spock and I are in." "I'll call him. I'll put the crew in yours and family in the other. It would be best for all of you to stay as close to one another as possible." Sometimes Len forgot his little sister was becoming a very accomplished psychologist. The door opened catching both of their attention. Seri walked in and smiled at Cal. "Hey sis. I set up the schedule so this one can get some rest. You have the next four hours then Pavel will relieve you." The doctor looked concerned. "How long do you think I'm going to stay away?" Seri stepped between him and Cal. Cal took that as her cue to leave. "I'll wait over here." She walked to the windows and looked out across the undisturbed area of the campus to the bridge. "Len, you haven't slept in almost twenty-four hours. By the time you get back to the house and washed it will be longer than that. You said it will be at least a day if not two before the serum is ready for use. After that I doubt you will be getting much sleep. You need to rest now while you can. We have this, I promise you. I gave a list of authorized personnel to security and to the hospital. As more people arrive, we'll add them to the rotation. Jake and Mama will want to sit with him as soon as they get here. You need rest if you are going to be of any use later. Now you can rest knowing he won't be left alone." "I'm not going to win this argument, am I?" "No." Len studied his finance then looked over at his baby sister. She looked a little lost as she stared towards the bay. "Are you ready?" "Yes." To him, she didn't sound particularly convincing. "Let me grab a PADD." She took one from the conference table before joining her brother. "Let's go." Seri waited outside Len's office door while the two walked to Jim's room. Security barely acknowledged them as they entered the room. The first thing that struck Cal was how much the tube looked like a black casket. In a way she reasoned, it was. Black and cold, the lights bounced off of its gleaming surface, a surface that drew her forward. It was a casket that held her world. Len put his hand in the middle of her back as he slowly guided her to the cryotube. There was Jim. She looked through the window at his face. To her he looked no different than he did as he lay in bed after a hard day on the farm. "You can talk to him." "Why? He can't hear me." "We don't know that. I've been talking to him since we got him here. It may help." She sat in the anti-gravity chair Seri had brought in. "Len?" "Yes?" "You think you can bring him back?" He could always read his sister. She needed him to say an unequivocal yes, but more than that, she needed him to tell her the truth. "I think I can, yes." "So, you don't know?" "Cal, I'm doing the best I can. Before you ask, there is no one I can consult. No one has done anything like this before. The serum will be ready in the next two days. After that I'll have a better idea. I wish I could tell you I'm positive it'll work, but Cal, I don't know." She took his hand and kissed the top of it before holding it to her cheek. "Thank you." "For what?" "Not bullshitting me; trusting me. Len, I know you're doing your best. Now, I'm going to say something you may never hear me say again. Pay attention. Her green eyes looked up at him through thick black lashes. "You're the best. I watched you do your research when you lived at home; always buried in your PADD, hinging from dad. You were brilliant, still are. If you can't figure this out, no one can." She kissed his hand again; clinging to him, almost afraid to let go. "thank you for that. I just don't want to fuck this up." "You can't. Now go get some sleep, and please take a shower. You smell like a structure fire and sweat." Len kissed her on the top of the head. "I love you too." The click of the door as he exited the room echoed off the walls and the windows. For the first time since the galaxy tore into the quad, Cal was alone with her thoughts. She commed Ben and told him to move into the bigger bungalow and gave him the entry code. Then she was alone again. Avoidance when it came to looking at Jim wasn't working. She had seen him when Len brought her into the room, but she hadn't let the reality of the situation sink in, she couldn't. No matter how tangible it all was, it still seemed unreal. The door felt cold against the doctor's back. He could see Seri as she waited for him. They were right, the women in his life usually were, he was exhausted. His head hung down as he allowed the exhaustion to wash over him. "Come on Imzadi; time to go to sleep." She moved his hair aside to kiss his forehead. "Cal said I smell like a structure fire and sweat." "She isn't wrong." Len straightened up, put his arm around her shoulders and leg her down the hall. "Let's go."
