As you can probably guess, I don't own anything, just play with it. Spock looked down glumly, though he would deny the emotion it was hard to suppress the resentment and anger, both with Stelev and with himself. He shouldn't have reacted. Thirty-four times he'd held back but all his father would know about is the time he failed, the time they mentioned his mother. Now he had reacted they would know what hurt. He couldn't keep it from hurting but he could press it town beneath the logic if it was just about him, but his mother, she was like a warmth in the freezing desert night. Despite their higher body temperatures and the boiling sun beating upon the planet Vulcans were cold. The only way to deal with it was to let the logic freeze him, deep, so he couldn't even feel it anymore, but somehow the fiery anger just came back. His father was going to be so disappointed in him. There was blood on his knuckles, the rich green stark against his skin. He was staring at it when quiet footsteps drew his attention to an approaching girl. He didn't recognise her, they were taught separately. She stood staring at him solemnly in thought, her eyes as green as the blood. It was unusual and striking. "Deliberately hurting someone who has done nothing to you is illogical." Her words were steady with a note of decision, as if the statement were the conclusion to whatever she had been thinking. He didn't know how to respond so he said nothing, the silence stretching between them. She was the first to look away, he wasn't sure if that meant something but her eyes went to his hands. She tilted her head and he felt uncomfortable, he should have cleaned them somehow. Spock tried to move them to hide them, but she reached out before he could, fingertips grazing across his skin. He tucked his hands into his sleeves. "It was wrong of me to fight with Stelev." Was that why she was here? Was she connected to him in some way that she had come here to gain an apology? Perhaps she was his betrothed. There was a slight ache in his chest, he was not sure if even the weight of his father's position and the respect for his family would be enough for someone to join their child with a half-breed. "I meant him. It is illogical to enjoy hurting people, to spend time coming up with insults. He should really have spent it studying, he needs to be better if he wants to go to the Science Academy." Spock frowned slightly at her words, they were unexpected. "You hurt the person who was hurting you, perhaps you thought it would make him stop but it will not. It was wrong but not unprovoked. If you want to hurt him a better way would be to get into the Academy when he does not." Spock nodded. That seemed logical, and productive. Though he should not wish pain on another. He wondered why should would tell him such, why she would want Stelev to feel pain. While he was still trying to figure out how to respond she turned abruptly and walked away. Curiosity was a much easier emotion to deal with while he waited for his father to finish with the school's headteacher. He still didn't know who she was.
T'Leiarel walked slowly down the shaded paths. The final examinations were over and she no longer needed to return to the Academy, but she wasn't eager to return home either. The green gardens near the Starfleet Regional Offices were beautiful with trees and flowers. Anywhere else it would be considered a waste of water and resources, but these had been created in honour of the friendship with Earth back when it had been the Terran Embassy and were considered of cultural and historical importance. It was hard to imagine a world like this, where the ground was green not golden red sands, where the sun danced in safely moving soft patches between the leaves. A world with so much water that you could see it spread around you to the horizon, like standing out on the dunes but blue. There were many worlds like it out there, she knew that much, had studied it, seen the images, but this was the closest she had come to being somewhere like that. It was the closest she was likely to as well, she would be expected to stay at home once she married to care for children, and few women travelled off world before that. She felt so trapped. That was when her comm pad started to sound. Sitting on one of the cool shaded benches she dug through her bag to pull it out and pressed the button to answer the call. She didn't recognise the face she was met with but he felt familiar somehow. "Greetings T'Leiarel, I am Savel." Her betrothed? It was early for his time to have begun, but not unheard of, they were nearly impossible to predict. She frowned slightly, looking for any signs, but he seemed calm, difficult to read. "Is it convenient to discuss something with you? I was informed you were likely to have arrived home at this time but it does not appear that you have." The bushes behind her would be something of an indication. "As I had finished my studies I intended some quiet contemplation in a pleasant location." She kept her tone even, despite the concern. Well, concern was probably an understatement, it was more like terror. It was bad enough living at home but to be bound to another, already, when she was awaiting graduation. The lie was all though, and her face froze into calm stillness even as her mind screamed. She had been trained in the lie for so very long, even as most children were taught to suppress their feelings beneath logic to control them, she was taught instead to hide them. The doctors had said her brain would never be the same as the others, just like her hair and her skin. The same proteins that made pigment were a small but critical part of brain development, specifically the part that allowed a Vulcan to stop feeling. By the time she was born and the doctors saw the colour of her hair it was too late. So the lie began, hiding everything that made her into herself rather than who they wanted her to be. Hair dye, the blank doll face, the slightly tinted sun cream at a strength designed for humans. "I felt I should inform you myself. I have spoken with my parents and I will be ending our arrangement." She wasn't sure how to respond. In many ways it was the best news he could tell her but she knew there was more to it. It was rejection and liberation in one. "Your brother gave us some information your parents had withheld." The feelings shifted to anger, he had probably justified it to himself but this was a petty attempt to hurt her. "He spoke with us yesterday but we did not want to cause you any trouble that might impact on your ability to complete your examinations." That was precisely what he had wanted. "I understand." She made a fist, her nails digging into the palm of her hand, the small pain grounding her, keeping the reaction at bay, though it would come out later. "Thank you for the consideration regarding distractions during my studies." His, or more likely his parents' concern had stopped Stelev's plan from succeeding. No wonder he had bothered to walk with her to the Academy that morning, he must have been hoping to see her reaction. "My parents are sending a message to your parents on the matter as we speak." Well that was convenient, at least she wouldn't have to bring it up with them. "I hope that this has not caused you emotional distress, given your condition." So he had told them everything. Even the training could not hide the flush across her cheeks and her nails bit deeper into her palms. Anger and humiliation surged. She allowed herself to close her eyes for a moment and take a breath. Even that small act would be weighed and judged, even more so given what he knew, but she couldn't help it. She opened them to his raised eyebrow and mild concern. "Your actions have been logical and you have handled the matter with all possible tact. I will need to discuss my plans moving forwards with my parents." T'Leiarel ended the call before he could respond, all that was left after all was more awkward pleasantries. It was illogical to put herself through them. Uncurling her clenched hand she looked at the small half-circles on her palm. Her blood was as green as anyone else's. Nothing would ever be good enough, not getting into the Academy, no matter what the results were, nothing. Her comm rang again. "T'Leiarel, your mother and I are disappointed. We will attempt to reason with Savel and his parents. Come directly home." Beyond her parents sat Stelev, watching the call with interest. She couldn't bear the thought of returning there. The burning emotional storm seemed to calm, a form of clarity as she looked back down at her hand. It was illogical to remain in a situation which only caused pain. "Farewell." Turning off her comm pad and putting it away, she stood to walk in the direction of the transport station. She would go somewhere she didn't need the lie anymore, somewhere green like the gardens.
Spock seldom dreamed, Vulcans resolved most of the issues that would be thrown up as dreams through meditation meaning that he averaged one a month. This was the second in less than a week, unusual but not markedly so, what was of particular notice however was that both had featured one distinct similarity, the girl. The first dream had been on the ship, he was going about his duties and Nero had shown up on board, the second had been on Vulcan, a pleasant dream about his mother helping him with his homework. In both however she had been there, a young Vulcan girl, watching him with solemn green eyes. Frowning slightly he began to go about preparing for the day. It often felt cool on board the Enterprise, as it was set at a comfortable temperature for the humans on board, but it seemed chillier today, perhaps the new Enterprise A had a slightly lower setting. Adding an extra thin thermal layer under his uniform he made his way to the bridge. He swiftly settled into his work checking the instruments before the ship left the dock, until Uhura announced an incoming communication from New Vulcan. "Captain Kirk, I am Assistant Ambassador Stelev." Spock raised an eyebrow, that was where he remembered the young girl from, after the fight at school, it was strange that he should have dreamed of that before such a communication. Coincidences were more common than people often chose to believe however. "I am transmitting a pre-recorded message for one of your crew, and I have a personal request as I have been informed the Enterprise will be heading from Earth shipyards to the vicinity of New Vulcan." He was not aware of this order, but it seemed unlikely that Stelev would lie to a Starfleet Captain. Kirk looked back at Spock as if for advice but there was little he could give. "What can we do to help?" The captain's cheerful question, so informal in the manner humans often were, caused a slight tightening of Stelev's forehead, not enough that it was likely anyone other than Spock would notice, but he was well aware of the distaste it indicated in his former classmate. "My sister is currently on Earth and is required to return home for her marriage. It is proving difficult to contact her but I would appreciate discrete assistance in ensuring her return." Spock frowned very slightly, quickly returning to neutral as the Captain turned to him. "What do you think Spock? We've got another day before we set off, but we should be at New Vulcan by the end of the week. Could be nice to have another Vulcan on board for a bit?" There was that wrinkle in Stelev's forehead as Kirk called Spock a Vulcan. It was almost tempting to refuse the request because of its source, but logically if he was asking assistance of them there was a young man on Vulcan suffering the fever. Every pairing and the offspring they would make could be important to the success of the colony. He nodded. "I believe we are likely to arrive sooner, but would not like to make assumptions of the engine capability before we have had chance to utilise them. The question is our ability to locate the young woman if Assistant Ambassador Stelev has been unable to contact her. I would not want to delay our launch by promising that we will have her on board." Kirk nodded, turning back to the screen with a wide smile. "We'll do our best, but our orders remain the priority. We might need to know a little more than a young Vulcan woman somewhere on Earth though." Spock couldn't help but think that it was possible they wouldn't… it wasn't like there would be many. But it would take hours for the scanners to pinpoint a single lifesign among so many on such a large world with so many different species on it and more coming and leaving all the time. "My understanding is that she is currently in London, residing near to the Federation Diplomatic Training Facilities. T'Leiarel is…" There is a pause as Stelev seems to struggle to select an appropriate word, causing Spock to raise his eyebrow. "Unusual. I will send you the information on her whereabouts and an image of her, it is a few years old but I do not think she will have aged significantly in that time." Kirk looked back at Spock again with his own expression of surprise and concern, clearly wondering, much as Spock was, why her brother would not have a more recent image. It was most peculiar. "We will see what we can do and keep you informed of the results." Kirk said after a brief pause, he glanced to Uhura who nodded to show she'd received the information. "Best of luck with the wedding planning and we'll do our best to make sure the bride is there on time." Stelev nodded and ended the call. Something that might seem abrupt to the humans but was logical. "Sulu, you have the bridge, such as it is for the moment, let me know if we hit any snags but to be honest I was getting a little bored of just sitting here watching everyone checking things. Spock, Uhura, are you up for a little trip before we leave Earth behind for another five years?" "We might want to dress a little warmer, that area of the world is not known for being sunny." Uhura pointed out as she stood and handed a data padd to Spock, he noticed a blinking message light in the top corner. He supposed it was only logical the message was likely to be for him as most of the rest of the crew did not know many people on New Vulcan. Kirk noticed the exchange. "Okay, meet at the transporter in thirty minutes." He said with a smile as Spock nodded and they made their way to their quarters to add an additional jacket. Once he reached his quarters, Spock set the message to play as he dug out the thicker layers from his wardrobe, he was not surprised to find it had come from his counterpart. "I am not sure whether it will be necessary to send this message, and am unsure whether the differences in our histories will have affected matters. I could not help but remember my own uncertainty at this time and wish to provide some comfort. If the dreams have begun, then do not refuse to accept what is happening to you. Fighting against it will only cause you greater turmoil. I have spoken with T'Pring and was relieved to know that she does not wish to call for a challenge, considering it illogical to endanger a life when we have lost so many already." Spock frowned as the message ended. At least being aware of the stirrings so early in the process and with plans to travel to Vulcan where his condition would be understood was helpful. He just wondered who T'Pring was.
Sorry for the long break, can't promise it won't happen again but we'll see what my brain decides to do/not do… anyway here we go. T'Leiarel deleted another message without reading it. It had been over a week since Stelev had told her to "return home". She'd never even set foot on New Vulcan and Savel had broken their arrangement off years ago. Apparently as there was a larger percentage of male Vulcans off world at the time of the attack, meaning that there was a shortage of Vulcan women so now she would have to do… such a flattering proposal. How could anyone resist such romance? She rolled her eyes, a habit she had gained from long time spent among the humans and dabbed a little peppermint oil under her nose, it kept her from smelling too much, not ideal but a lot better than the high strength sunblock she used to have to use on Vulcan. The light white clouds floated across a pale blue sky in a gentle breeze with the scent of rain on the air, it was a good day, the chill so much more refreshing than the dry air of Vulcan. Determined to be cheerful, despite reminders of her brother's attempts to control her and the unresolved issues with her parents when they died, she set off down the street towards the library where she helped to teach diplomatic students telepathic resistance skills. She was not expecting the knot of Starfleet uniforms near the main desk with an old photo of her from when she was still dying her hair, still living the lie. She was not expecting the tingle and the tug of recognition as one of the trio looked in her direction. Unsure quite what to do she looked down, turning, she ran into one of the students. "El, hey, you okay?" Jocelyn asked with concern. T'Leiarel managed a smile and a nod. "I just… I saw someone I thought I recognised." She shrugged. "How are you?" She had to figure out what to do about Spock and the other two Starfleet officers, but she wasn't likely to have much time, they were already heading towards her. Kirk, Spock and Uhura had travelled to London without issue, and found the library where the information they had told them that their stray Vulcan was likely to be. Turning up on someone's doorstep being somewhat rude and with no guarantee she would actually be there, she may have decided to eat lunch somewhere else after all. "So you don't recognise this woman?" The clerk at the desk shook his head with a shrug, causing Kirk to frown. This was not as simple as it had seemed. Spock was wondering if this was what Stelev meant when he said T'Leiarel was unusual… He felt a pull, a slight tug of self and looked up as a young woman entered the library. She looked nothing like the girl he remembered, blonde hair falling to her shoulders, older of course, but even from a distance he knew that her shocked eyes would be green as blood. It made no sense that he should know it was her, and yet he did. "Are there any Vulcans that come to the library as far as you're aware?" Uhura asked, the woman who had been the girl looked away. Spock frowned. "There's El, least that's what all the students call her, she's got similar ears to your friend here." The librarian shrugged. "She's just over there." He gestured towards the doors and the two women now speaking there. Spock was striding over briskly as the other two hurried to keep up. "Greetings." Both women turned to look at Spock, her eyes were as green as he remembered. "Hi," Kirk added, slipping around Spock with a frown at his first officer and focusing on the dark haired girl, "we were asked to come here by your brother, Assistant Ambassador Stelev. He said that you needed some transport?" She didn't look especially like the picture… "I think you must have me confused? My grandfather was Ambassador Julian Winters, but he died around the time I was born… I'm Jocelyn, Jocelyn Winters." The confusion on three faces had little impact on the other two who were watching each other cautiously. There was amusement and irritation on her face, it was strange to see them so clearly on a Vulcan. "T'Leiarel, I believe we met once before." Spock commented calmly, politely, drawing the attention of the others to the correct woman. "You remember." She smiled slightly. From the corner of their eyes both could see Kirk looking at the picture questioningly. "I believe Stelev was responsible for that meeting also." There was a frown as she remembered something looking away for a moment before meeting his eyes directly with a surprising sincerity. "I was sorry to hear about your mother. She was a good woman." The reminder was painful but Spock nodded, appreciating the simple fact that she had bothered to know about the loss. "So where is it you're going?" Jocelyn interrupted, clearly curious about what was going on. "Stelev wants to force me into an arranged marriage, one that was arranged when I was child, called off some time ago and is now arranged again due to a lack of acceptable alternatives." El's voice was bitter, with disapproval lying heavy over each word. "And it seems he sent the Captain here to do his dirty work, knowing that I'm not likely to slap someone who saved my life, and the planet we're standing on, simply for associating with my brother. Is that about the size of things?" She turned pointedly to Kirk who seemed more than a little stunned by the anger and the way things were shaping up. "He didn't say anything about forcing people… just that you had a wedding to attend on New Vulcan and he wanted our help to get you there…" He held up his hands to distance himself. "Is that why you changed your hair? To try and hide from him?" "Not exactly… my hair is more to do with why the arrangement was called off. It seems that I am going to need to tell my brother in person what he refuses to accept via message." Spock felt an urge to keep her from the marriage, to protect her from other men, it was mild for now, the early stirrings of the time making themselves known, he would have to see if any of the priestesses had made it to New Vulcan to help him with the problem. "Perhaps I can finally stop envying the mess on your hands." She commented, earning more confusion from the others, as Spock remembered the time they had met before, the blood on his hands and the fight that had preceded it. While most of him disapproved of his conduct back then a small part, the slowly waking fire, relished the primal freedom of that moment. His hands clenched momentarily to fists, unnoticed by any save for the slightest widening of her eyes. "So you're going to come with us?" Kirk was confused but not about to argue with her, he remembered the last time he had poked a pissed off Vulcan, so to speak, those bruises had been truly impressive. "Great. Is there anything you need to do before we go?"
It was strange how easy it was to just pick up and leave. Perhaps a part of her had always known her time on Earth would be temporary, even with the years since she had left Vulcan and the months since it had been destroyed she could still fit everything worth taking anywhere into one large duffel, and it only took a few vid calls to break her ties here. El looked out the window after the last call, the officers were waiting for her at a café down the street, she could slip away, she had started fresh on a strange world once before after all… It had been a shock seeing Spock, and now he was waiting for her, it had felt… odd. It was probably just the fact that she hadn't seen another Vulcan in a long time, well a half Vulcan, not that she was much better on that front. If anyone could understand what it was like to not belong among your own people it would be Spock, and he hadn't even had the option of hiding it, everyone had known about his differences. She couldn't leave them to deal with her brother's irritation and likely petty troublemaking, she would have to face this herself, she had known it would not be as easy as ignoring a few messages and hoping another planet was far enough away to be left alone. Would anywhere truly be far enough? She would go to New Vulcan, she would leave Earth behind, and once she had faced her brother who knew where she could go then. She had heard good things about Risa…? Spock was feeling impatient. It was not a feeling he was used to having, nor one he was comfortable with, and it was proving more difficult than usual to properly subdue it. If his emotions continued to grow more unstable he would have to excuse himself from bridge duty. At least it would not take them long to reach New Vulcan. While the other two chatted about the weather, the drinks, the sugary cakes they had ordered and so forth, Spock checked on the new orders which had arrived while they were away from the ship. As they had been expecting they were now ordered to visit New Vulcan, and to remain for in orbit for three days, delivering supplies to the colony as they did so. It seemed odd that they would have been tasked to such a mundane mission but then Spock saw his father's name on the request, if his other self had hinted to his father of his possible condition at this point in time then it made sense they would have made arrangements. The relationship with his father was better than it had been but this was a delicate topic that would be uncomfortable to bring up, but he should message his father when they returned to the ship. "What do you think Spock?" Kirk was looking at him with some degree of concern. Spock felt a flash of irritation at the interruption to his thoughts, and at the fact that he had not been paying as much attention to his Captain as he might usually be doing. "Why do you think she bleached her hair? I mean it looks good but it doesn't fit in with the other Vulcans." "Logically, if T'Leiarel wanted to fit in with the other Vulcans, as you put it, she would be living on New Vulcan and not on Earth." It was a question that had puzzled him however, the why of it. It was a lot of effort to maintain an alternative hair colour and was hardly likely to be done without reason, and yet it seemed right somehow. "We should head back and see if she is ready to leave." Part of him hoped she wouldn't be there, that she wouldn't be married to someone she did not want, part of him was already longing to spend more time around her and demanding he check that she had not left… both of those parts were, for the time being at least, soundly ignored. It was simply the instincts pressuring him. He forced his face to calmness trying to ignore the raised eyebrow from Uhura, who seemed to have noticed his distraction. "Okay then…" Even Kirk seemed to have noticed something… he would have to do better at monitoring himself. Spock kept his pace steady as they made their way back up the street. Letting the Captain take the lead, though he seemed to be particularly slow today. They arrived at the apartment as T'Leiarel stepped out, setting her bag down to close the door behind her. "Hey, do you need a hand with your luggage?" It seemed a large bag for a few days, but he decided not to comment, and tucked his hands behind his back to resist the urge to take it before the Captain could. Spock wondered at the wry smile on T'Leiarel's face until Kirk tried to lift the bag and was clearly surprised by the weight. "I forgot about the gravity differences…" He muttered. Spock reached forward to take the bag at the same time as T'Leiarel, their hands brushing before she pulled back, eyes slightly wide. The sensation was dramatic, the sharp feeling of hunger in the pit of his stomach, he would need to stay away from her on the ship, it was hard enough dealing with the emotions that had been stirred already without pushing himself further. ******* The wave of raw emotion was unexpected… the lack of sufficient filters in her own mind had always made her more sensitive than most to the emotions of others, her mind was drawn forcibly back to childhood, and the guilt of a boy who had blamed himself for the provocation of others, for being someone who did not belong. His feelings then had seemed so very like her own. Now their connection was likewise full of odd parallels. The tumult of uncertainty and self-restraint, the hunger spilled into the connection like it had been waiting for all those years. The hunger for acceptance, for affection, for being enough, though she doubted he would see it for what it was, not with the way Vulcans were trained to repress their emotions rather than study them. As Spock took the lead back towards the shuttle port, with the concerned looking human woman next to him, she focused her attention on Captain Kirk. He was easily recognisable from the news reports following the destruction of Vulcan and his actions preserving Earth. Though clearly embarrassed by the bag incident, they were soon able to settle to discussing music.
Spock should have seen it coming, the Captain had been a little better since he took command, but he still liked to flirt with women not in his chain of command. The shuttle trip was painful, with the discussion about his adventures in Starfleet only serving to boost his ego. It was after they had collected Doctor McCoy from a final visit to his daughter and were on the way back to the ship in space dock that it happened. "So, on Earth we have this tradition before marriages called the bachelor party or hen night, where the people getting married go a little bit wild before settling down. Is there something like that on Vulcan? Even if you're not getting married we could throw a bit of a celebration. But I suppose that's not a very logical way of doing things?" Kirk was smiling suggestively, and she was smiling back, her emotions barely more subtle in their depiction than the humans. "Vulcans have been known to go a little… primal before their weddings." That was one way to describe it, and far more information than most would share. "But do you honestly think you'd be able to handle me going a 'bit wild'?" She raised her eyebrow, a gesture of disbelief but the tone was more teasing. Her eyes slid over him earning surprise from the others and only serving to encourage the Captain. Spock struggled to not say something, gripping the seat. "I've never been accused of shying away from a challenge." Of course if anything the hint of danger drew Kirk like a moth to a flame… "If anything I'm only where I am today because I'm stubborn enough to beat the odds where others would walk away." He winked, the shuttle was setting down in the bay. Spock just had to hold on a little longer and then he could get to the privacy of his quarters. "Then it is a shame for you that this is a matter of choice rather than chance. Luck, a dashing smile, and a reputation as a hero should help you find plenty of people to help you feel better however." Spock let out a breath he hadn't realised he was holding at her response, then chided himself for having the feeling in the first place. "But if you're looking for an excuse for some form of celebration, I am partial to karaoke." She hopped out of the shuttle as soon as the doors opened, Spock close behind her with her bag. "Oh I like her, are you sure she's a Vulcan?" McCoy commented gaining an irritated glance from Kirk. It was Uhura who noticed the marks in the seat from Spock's fingers… "Do you reckon she's more into country or pop for the singing? Or some strange Vulcan songs?" "I think we might have bigger issues than her taste in music and whether Jim can keep his trousers on. I think something's wrong with Spock, he's been behaving strangely all day and now this." Uhura interrupted the conversation, gesturing to the dents in the metal. Spock set the bag down and turned to leave quickly, so quickly that he almost bumped into T'Leiarel in the doorway. He stepped back to let her into the room, but she didn't move for a moment, seemingly lost in consideration, then she sighed heavily. "Sit down and have some tea." It was not what he had expected her to say. He was about to refuse when she continued. "I assume it would be unwise to be around the rest of the crew right now and at least this way you can blame being hospitable to a guest for why you're not on the bridge." She moved past him taking a moment to locate the food synthesiser and ordering the tea. She sat, setting one cup on the table and taking a deep breath as she smelled the other before taking a sip, she repeated her concentration seemingly fully on the beverage. The smell of it began to permeate the room, floral and sweet. After several long moments Spock was still stood near the door way, conflicting thoughts leading to him simply watching. "I am told it starts with dreams." She spoke almost to the room, casually, hoping that it would not send him hurrying away. The time was a topic so taboo that it was whispered about between women in corners not spoken aloud, but secrecy was what allowed their culture to fester, tradition masking what was in truth archaic. "That when the time nears the subconscious minds reach to one another across the bond in sleep and they dream of their bondmate. I think that might be based on suggestibility and the dreams coming because people expect them to. I dreamed recently, but only after I was told of Savel's time, and it was not of him. If there ever was a bond between us he broke it before I left Vulcan." It had hurt at the time, and then she had been glad, and now, now it was being held against her all over again. There was no point in mentioning who she had dreamed about, scruffy with his split lip and rebellious eyes. It was merely her brain's way to deal with the stress and the pressure after all. Spock slowly walked over to take a seat, still saying nothing. She could see the tension, for now he was still in control, but there was irritation, with himself and with the world, and logic was already beginning to fray. He lifted the tea, raising an eyebrow as he tasted it. "Violet, quite a soothing flower in a variety of forms. At least I have often thought so. I have appreciated it quite often over the last few days." With the barrage of messages she had gone though three pots a day, but when you couldn't suppress your emotions you had to find other ways to help deal with them. "I have had dreams." She waited patiently for him to be ready to continue, but just as he took breath to do so the comm sounded. "Spock, when you're finished up settling in our guest can you come by sickbay?" It was McCoy, inconvenient on the timing, just as Spock had been on the verge of possibly discussing his situation, which could only help him in dealing with it…
Content warning: minor references to self-harm (not glamorised or graphic). Spock had not seemed this agitated since moments before he attacked Jim on the bridge… Leonard made sure he had the high dose tranquiliser in easy reach just in case. "You asked to see me Doctor McCoy?" There was extra stiffness to his tone, which was not nearly enough to hide the way his eyes darted around the room impatiently before settling with a disturbing focus. "If you could just have a seat, there's a few tests I need to run." He kept his tone calm, professional, slightly more polite than usual. "My regular physical was only three weeks ago, I do not need any tests." Spock didn't move, stubbornly standing where he was. They both waited, glaring at each other, and he'd never thought he'd see Spock glare. Eventually Leonard picked up the scanner and headed towards where Spock was standing, only to have it knocked from his hands hard enough to crack the scanner against the floor and leave his fingers stinging. "I told you I do not need any tests." "If you think I'm going to accept you saying that there's nothing wrong after that little display you have another thing coming!" He shouted with his most commanding doctor tone, or at least he hoped so. "I'm the doctor and if I say you need tests then sit your butt in the chair." He pointed firmly at the seat. He could have sworn Spock growled slightly. There was a feeling of danger in the air, but you didn't get into Starfleet and hang around with Jim for long without getting used to dealing with that. Though he'd never expected to feel it coming from Spock. "Dr McCoy? I was wondering whether Commander Spock could be excused from his duties for a few days? It is not listed on my medical record due to attached stigma but I have V'Lar's Syndrome and believe his presence would be beneficial. Extended periods of time with very little to do, such as being a passenger on a star ship, can cause issues. May I also suggest that we attempt to reach New Vulcan as quickly as possible?" The message broke the staring match, though Spock didn't move he did look down, possibly trying to control himself… probably best not to push it. But if he wouldn't give any answers perhaps the other Vulcan on board would, he doubted she would have failed to notice the way Spock was behaving even if she seemed a little odd for a Vulcan herself. Was this V'Lar's Syndrome contagious? He stalked over to a console to bring it up. "Does this have anything to do with why Spock has just broken a medical scanner and is refusing tests?" Watching Spock from the corner of his eye he saw his hands clench, but he otherwise remained still. "Oh dear." That did not sound like someone who was unaware of matters going on. "I would prefer not to discuss someone else's condition. It is unrelated. I would recommend against standing between Spock and the door however. Is everyone okay?" Prefer not to discuss? "Dammit, I am the Chief Medical Officer on board this ship, if there is something wrong with a member of this crew I need to know about it." Possibly not the most diplomatic way to speak to a guest but how was he supposed to treat the green-blooded hobgoblin if nobody would tell him what was wrong. "I am fine!" The way Spock shouted it did not convince anyone. "I am fine." He repeated more calmly but it was far too late for that to carry weight. "It is a simple and natural hormonal imbalance, details of which can be considered embarrassing but which has a small number of possible treatments, some more effective or more easily obtained than others, and at least one of them will be made available upon arrival at New Vulcan." Her tone was reasonable but they were still keeping things from him. He looked at the file the database had pulled up, it was very sparse too. "It says here V'Lar's Syndrome results in reduced or absent pigmentation, risks of sunburn, unusual hair colour, abnormalities in brain formation and potential risk of self-harm." Very descriptive… abnormalities could mean almost anything. It also recommended messaging a doctor who was almost certainly dead for further information and had a suggestion for a care facility that was definitely destroyed… he hadn't seen much of the young woman but he doubted she needed round the clock care. "As the medical well being of the passengers is also under your purview, and as it is a matter of my personal information and not that relating to another person, I will say that I have not deliberately injured myself in several years. Between the time I left Vulcan and eight days ago when my brother contacted me I have very seldom even considered doing so and I am confident I will not do so on board this ship. I was not lying when I said that I would find Spock's presence helpful, being able to do something to help others would be beneficial." Spock's eyes shot up at the nature of her comment, surprise and concern very visible. It was almost creepy seeing Spock like this… even though part of him had wanted Spock to let his emotions out more. "Fine." He sighed. "I will relieve Commander Spock from his duties, and officially recommend you both do whatever it is you won't tell me about that might help. But I will be running a full physical when you return from Vulcan." The last part was directed at Spock. "And I will expect you to try and avoid damaging any more equipment." He picked up the damaged scanner with a huff. "Go on then, get out my sickbay, I need to make some calls." Spock was moving before he finished speaking… Leonard shook his head. The things you ended up dealing with in Starfleet. Now he had to work out how much to tell Kirk and Uhura in order to try and keep them from worrying without actually telling them anything that breached confidentiality. He sighed again, now if only someone could tell him something to stop him worrying too.
Spock arrived more quickly than expected and T'Leiarel couldn't help but smile at a mental image of him pushing his way through the corridors… before reminding herself that it was just a natural reaction, Spock would be feeling protective and drawn to his bondmate, and since she wasn't here then T'Leiarel was probably the closest thing and he was just projecting the emotions. She looked down for a moment. "How can I be of assistance?" His eyes darted over her as if looking for injuries and she could feel the frustration welling. "As I told the doctor, I am not in any danger currently, although having company is pleasant. I'm fine as long as I don't spend too much time around Vulcans." She knew it was a mistake to phrase it that way the moment the words left her mouth and Spock's posture got even more upright and formal. His hands clenched at his side. "And I am half-human." She sighed, standing to move towards where he still stood just inside the doorway, just far enough into the room for the door to close. "Living on Vulcan, being around my family, and my brother in particular… well I can't push aside emotions the same way most Vulcans do, that's what they mean by brain abnormalities. I can try and hide them, but I can't just… not feel." She ran her fingers down his clenched hand and slowly he turned to look at her, fingers loosening, listening at least. "I can't not feel, and being around them made me feel… like I'm not Vulcan enough, not logical enough, not perfect enough, just plain not ENOUGH. You don't make me feel like that, and I am deeply sorry if I made you feel that, especially as currently you might also be finding it difficult to stop feeling." He made a small nod of acknowledgement. Rolling her eyes as he just stood there, she slid her hand into his, tugging him over to the couch, smiling to herself at his eyes widening. She could feel his uncertainty whispering through their fingers and she could tell by the slight narrowing of his eyes that he could feel her frustrated amusement. It was forward, making this connection, like kissing someone she barely knew on the cheek, but she needed something to shake him out of his self-focus and judgement. She released his hand as he sat, turning to face him. "So tell me about your bondmate, you must be looking forward to seeing her?" Unfortunately that seemed to be a bad question. "I have no bondmate. My parents never made the arrangements." He left the presumed reason unsaid. "Really? I knew T'Pring didn't work out but I was sure your parents would have someone else in mind…" Spock's head shot up at the name, that was the same name from the message. How would T'Leiarel know that name? Confused by his sudden attention she continued, assuming it was just her knowledge of the situation that he might be curious about. "She was in my class, she told everyone her parents wanted her to bond with you, and then that afternoon you got into the fight with my brother and she was bonded to Saarin instead. So you were never bonded at all?" It seemed like a sensitive topic, but she couldn't help but ask, especially given his current state. "I attempted a relationship during my time in Starfleet, but it proved mutually unsatisfactory." Despite the topic of conversation, he felt more in control of himself here. It was probably to do with his urge to be around her, and that was likely his instincts urging him to be near her. "You said you severed your bond with Savel?" "He did, although I'm not entirely convinced we bonded to begin with. About a week after your fight with my brother I was brought to meet Savel and our parents made us touch hands and say the words, but I was so focused on not letting him feel how scared I was about him knowing my secret that I'm not sure we really connected much. My brother let him know about my condition shortly before my exams at the Science Academy, he was considerate enough to wait until after the examinations to sever our arrangement. I left for Earth on an impulse but honestly it was the best thing I could have done." Her brother had done that to her? No wonder being around him was painful. Now he was compounding it by trying to force her back into the very same arrangement he had ruined. "I am sorry that you had to experience that. Is it not good that you are now to enter into the bond after all?" Spock didn't feel like it was good, but with so few Vulcans left every pair was important, logically she should be with the best partner she could, and with less competition the complication of her genetics could be overlooked, unlike his own. "No. I told my brother repeatedly that I don't want to marry." Her voice was firm, angry, though he wasn't sure why, at least until she continued. "I don't want to be someone's wife, at the beck and call of their urges, a tolerated necessity only there to breed. Just because a thing needs doing does not mean I have to be the one to do it, especially not if it means sacrificing everything that makes me who I am to do it, and risking returning to negative patterns." Spock thought for a moment. On the one hand logically as a newly endangered species they needed as many children as possible, but on the other hand she was here, and alive, and the potential offspring she might have were just that, potential. It was a difficult situation to apply logic to. But emotion, emotion was much clearer, strangely so. He didn't want that life for her any more than she clearly wanted it for herself, he didn't want her married to a strange Vulcan on a strange world she did not want to be on. Part of that was because he wanted her to be with him, but largely it was simply because he did not want her to have to endure it. "Then I will do what I can to prevent it." It was a few simple words, but he could visibly see the tension easing in T'Leiarel's shoulders. His finger twitched as he squashed the urge to hold her, to promise to never let her be taken away from him, it was the time, and he had no right, and she had made her disinterest in Vulcan men quite clear. His mind kept being drawn back to the dreams, he had dreamed of her. It was not surprising perhaps, as he had met very few Vulcan women, of any age, that looked at him, really looked at him, the way she had then, and did now, as someone to be understood. "Who did you dream of?" She had said she dreamed, after all, and he couldn't help but wonder who it was of. "I suppose you could say he was my childhood hero. I used to hear stories about him, and I wondered what he must be like, what he would achieve with his life, it inspired me to do more myself." She didn't say a name, and Spock found himself wondering who she might have heard stories about… it would have to be one of his classmates for her brother to have spoken of him often, he doubted her parents would have spoken about young boys to her. Perhaps Tunek? He had been Stelev's other main friend. Tunek had died on Vulcan while using a transporter to send as many people off the planet to nearby vessels as possible, proof that some former bullies could improve. "What about your dreams? Did you dream of someone?" "I did." He wasn't sure how to put it, but she kept looking at him with a clear interest in knowing. "A girl I did not know the name of." Which was true, he had not known at the time. "She has exceptionally beautiful eyes." Expressive, with emotions swirling through their green depths, as she smiled he could swear there was a sadness there. Was it possible for someone to be both happy and sad at once or was he simply being paranoid? He wanted to make it so she was never sad again, though logically he knew that was most certainly impossible, and even if it were something he could make possible by sheer focus it was not his place. "Would you like to play chess?" As much as the conversation had been good, a chance to examine feelings without judgement, T'Leiarel did not want to push things and uncover more than she could handle right now. A distraction seemed exactly the thing, and chess would keep her mind occupied. She wondered how long it would take Enterprise to reach New Vulcan, so that Spock, at least, could return to not needing to examine his emotions. It was going to be a rough week after this was over.
They had played three games of chess, Spock had won twice, although it had been close all three times. They had done some reading, listening to music and quietly enjoying each other's presence. It had been pleasant but the inaction was wearing, and so she had enquired if there was an exercise space on the ship. Spock was not entirely sure whether the exercise was helping. It was almost the opposite of the problem with the reading; there his mind had been busy and his body restless, now his body was active but his mind roiled. He pushed himself to lift a heavier weight than usual, not sure whether it might in part be motivated by a desire to impress, but for the most part simply wanting to vent his energy. His mind and his eyes were fixated on her however, as she slipped through the motions of a moving meditation, part yoga, part martial art, part dance, similar in some respects to the human practice of tai chi, but involving more bending. It was fluid and graceful, and he could not look away. He had occasionally seen this form of meditation practiced before on Vulcan but they were less popular than sitting meditations, considered a less pure way of focusing the mind, fit only for children and those teaching children. Her movements seemed far more practiced, he wondered how often she did this. "Here you are." Kirk interrupted his thoughts. Carefully Spock put the weight down, resisting the urge to throw it. "Bones told me you were signed off duty, something about a medical requirement? He wasn't very specific." In fact he had said 'ask them if you want to find out so bad, some top secret Vulcan thing, both of them'. "I just wanted to check you were both doing okay?" Kirk watched as T'Leiarel finished her last few movements, head tilted with an appreciative look that made Spock glare. Slowly she turned to face them both, raising an eyebrow at the look on Spock's face, reminder enough to smooth it to calmness by the time Kirk looked in his direction in confusion. "I am managing as well as can be expected in the circumstances Captain. I believe the same can be said for Commander Spock." The captain looked between the two of them, clearly trying to figure out what was going on and very aware that they were keeping information from him. For several long moments nobody spoke. "Was there anything else Captain?" Spock asked eventually, moving to stand by T'Leiarel. He noticed the gravity shift as he stepped into the floor work space she had selected, it only made sense that she would need levels of gravity similar to Vulcan for bodyweight movements. T'Leiarel smiled to herself as she noticed he had placed himself slightly between herself and the Captain. "Well… I wanted to let you know we should be arriving early tomorrow. I think Scotty might have boosted the warp drive again on the quiet. Anyway, shouldn't be too long." He shifted awkwardly, the pair of them watching him was disconcerting. He had started to get used to Spock just watching him when he was speaking without saying anything, but this was two of them, and one of them was definitely smirking. "Thank you for the information." Her voice was calm, even amused but somehow, without turning, Spock could feel a faint thrum of anxiety. Perhaps it was just his own worry about her leaving. He had only spent a few hours with her, and yet it felt as if he had always known her and couldn't imagine being apart. He had to remind himself this connection was hormonal, and that she likely wanted to return to Earth once her business on New Vulcan was complete. "I am going to clean up." She rested her hand on his shoulder, bare in the work out vest, her fingers warm in the cool air. The touch was comforting, although he knew it was likely about gauging his current state of mind. He tried to think positive thoughts, which wasn't hard as he looked back at her. He filled his mind with contentment in the moment. "Dinner in the mess hall in one hour. I have a busy day tomorrow it would seem." "So you two seem to be getting pretty close." Kirk commented once she had left, Spock responded with a raised eyebrow. "Making dinner plans, telling you what to do… it's almost like the pair of you are married." He knew it was an attempt at a joke but Spock couldn't help narrowing his eyes at a pang of envy. "What are Vulcan weddings like anyway?" "Perhaps you should ask T'Leiarel for an invitation." In truth the knowledge that he would never be bonded to anyone was an old pain, familiar, for all that it was being brought to the foreground currently. He wanted to be there, but he had no reason to be. He had a feeling this would end in violence, if her brother pushed her would she demand Kal-if-fee? And, if so, who would be her champion? "Good day, Captain." He nodded, politely and made his way to get changed, pushing down the urge to go straight to her and make her promise not to leave the ship. To never leave the ship where he could keep her safe. Kirk watched his first officer go. He had not expected the joke about marriage to have had that much of an effect. Something was clearly wrong, that much had been clear from the shuttle but was even more obvious now, as well as the obvious crush Spock seemed to have on their guest. He wondered whether she had noticed yet. Sighing he decided to wait and see what happened, this seemed more than a little out of his area of expertise, if it wasn't settled by the time they were due to leave Vulcan he would have to look into it more closely.
T'Leiarel arrived at the mess hall early, taking a cup of peppermint tea to sit by the window. She had wanted to be there before Spock arrived, she had not expected to find herself with company before that point. Spock could recognise her laugh through the wall as he approached the mess hall… he hadn't heard her laugh before but still he knew it was her as certainly, if not more so, as he recognised the answering laugh belonged to Uhura. From the corridor he could not tell what they were discussing but the panic and paranoia welled up in him. He froze. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, the emotions were more unpredictable and harder to control, there was absolutely no reason Uhura would say anything negative about their relationship, or even mention it at all, there was no reason to assume they were even discussing him. "Is everything okay there?" It was slightly disconcerting to McCoy how quickly Spock turned at the sound of his voice. "I am on my way to meet T'Leiarel at the mess hall." McCoy nodded. "Well on Earth it's generally considered bad manners to keep a lady waiting…" He tried prompting. Spock nodded, and they entered the mess hall together. "Good to see that you two are getting on so well." He commented as he approached the two women. "Do you mind if we join you?" "Not at all Doctor, we were just discussing Vulcan poetry, particularly the older poems about emotions. I recited my favourite poem for Lieutenant Uhura, who had not heard two of the words involved before due to them now being considered somewhat vulgar with the cultural shifts." T'Leiarel greeted them both with smiles and Spock had to squash the illogical surge of jealousy as McCoy sat next to her, leaving Spock with the seat next to Uhura. "I didn't think Vulcans would be interested in poetry, doesn't seem very logical to me. I would be interested in hearing some, although I am fairly sure I wouldn't recognise any of the words." Spock raised an eyebrow at McCoy's lack of insight into their race, then again it was not a topic they had reason to have discussed. "Poetry is very popular, the focus on selecting precisely the correct combination of words to express a logical concept in a beautiful form is a much respected art form. Although personally I don't particularly like most of the poetry from the last few centuries. I can attempt a translation if you like, although I'm not certain how well it will translate, the rhythm and rhyme won't exactly work and the topic is somewhat… risqué." McCoy's eyebrows went up and he nodded interestedly. He was mildly surprised about the poetry but he never would have guessed Vulcans might have dirty poetry… "Fingertips. The feel of your skin is a soft resistance, the sweetest of barriers between our beings. I trace the contours of your hand, I learn the delicate beauty, the dip of your knuckles beneath my searching touch. I feel your breath as mine, the wind smells of your uncertainty, gritted sand of desire catches at my eyes. You shift and I lose sensation, I drown in the loss and the longing, but you know this. Your fingertips trace the lines of my palm, tauntingly close to connection. Your lips part in a gasp as the water of my love crashes into you. Slowly you slide upwards, your eyes shining dark as the shade of a tree at noon. Closer and closer to the sweet rain as we drink of one another, bonding closely to one breath, one echoing sigh, you fill me with more than I can dream and yet I can never have enough. My blood is yours and it burns." There was a moment of silence as she finished. Spock knew he had never heard a poem like that before but it felt familiar, and deeply sensual, he focused his gaze on the table, trying to get the image of her hands on his out of his mind. The rawness and openness of the description, the depth of the connection and bond between the two characters, it stirred a hunger which had nothing to do with the mess hall. "Is that it?" McCoy frowned in confusion. "It's lovely but I don't see how it's risqué." He frowned even more at the glare Spock was giving him. "It's a love poem about touching hands?" Uhura and T'Leiarel were smirking, at least until Uhura noticed Spock's glare and got more concerned. "You may have noticed Vulcans do not shake hands as humans do, the touching of hands other than out of need for survival is reserved for close friends, family and lovers, as well as on occasion medical professionals. Vulcans are touch telepaths, particularly with our fingertips, and emotions are much more personal than something as simple as nudity, the build of understanding and emotional connection between the writer and her beloved is a deep revelation of the self. Although I have been taught that the reason Vulcans do not touch their food is because of hygiene and discipline, personally I think it might be to do with the sensuality of food and fingers in combination." Well that made a certain amount of sense. T'Leiarel was certainly more open about a lot of these things than most of the Vulcans he'd come across, despite her secretiveness earlier. It was then that she looked to Spock and raised an eyebrow at his glare. Perhaps she shouldn't be discussing these things around him right now… He looked down, taking a deep breath. "Maybe we should go and say hello to Sulu…" Uhura suggested, trying to give the Doctor a way out. The two slipped away from the table, leaving T'Leiarel and Spock alone. "I am hungry, do you have any recommendations as to what is likely to be good on board?" Spock looked up, his eyes going to her fingers where she rested her chin against one hand before meeting her eyes. "I have often found the Kleetanta to be pleasant." T'Leiarel nodded, moving to stand. "I can collect two bowls, if it is acceptable?" Another nod and Spock went to collect the food. She wondered if he knew that bringing food to a prospective mate had been common before the arranged marriages began, to prove an ability to provide, or perhaps he was simply being polite.
This is a short chapter but it felt like it needed to stand on its own. They were children, in the kitchen, home on Vulcan, and his mother was making pancakes. T'Leiarel was cleaning the strawberries and removing the tops before handing them to Spock to chop. Setting down the cooked pancakes on the table, she ran her hand along Spock's cheek, a comforting and tender gesture he remembered well, though she'd always been careful to keep such displays private. "I love you." Spock squirmed awkwardly, embarrassed, glancing sideways at T'Leiarel who was watching with her solemn green eyes. His usual response that he appreciated her presence in his life stuck in his throat. "You should say it back." T'Leiarel commented, with the same certainty as when they had first met. "Embarrassment is just as much an emotion as Love is, logically it is better to express one emotion in a positive manner than to feel two in a manner that causes pain." Having decided that matter she bit into one of the strawberries, licking the juice from her fingers. "You two take care of each other." His mother stood, walking to the door. "Mother." She looked back at him. "I love you." She smiled, that beautiful smile he saw so seldomly, hidden behind the still performance demanded by her, but let out in small, rare, private moments. "I know. Thank you for telling me." Then she was gone. Spock awoke in a swirl of emotion so deep and confusing that he could not begin to name them all. It took several long moments before he reached trembling fingers to wipe away the tears on his cheeks. It was an odd pain. He did not remember his mother having made pancakes before, they had always eaten Vulcan food for the most part, but he had been encouraged into trying them at the academy, and they did seem a very pleasant Human food. Perhaps he should see if he could locate the recipe in the food synthesisers, it seemed unlikely that they would not have such a popular Human food in the database.
