The oblivion was certainly better, by no means ideal - because tainted emotions still wavered in the background - but better.
Shot an Episkey at it immediately when I apparated to Diagon.
Lily had though that there could've been some growth in their interactions when they had come to Hogwarts, as was to be expected since Hermione spent Lily's every free evening training her in Occlumency.
She tried her best to focus only in front of her in a straight line and reached the low stool upon which the Sorting Hat was set.
At her nod, she continued.
Also, I happen to be my mother's sister.
Keeping her eyes closed, she whispered, "Expecto Patronum."
A smaller part of her was skeptical about the whole matter.
She had introduced Hermione to her parents as a friend from Hogwarts and that had effectively ended Petunia's interactions with her roommate.
Hermione struggled to control her expression, which became even more difficult when she caught sight of Sirius who was snickering into the palm of his hand, his long black hair falling across his face, his eyes on her.
In the center had stood the creature that had devoured her world whole and spat it out, sucked of all life and stinking of something she was sure had been native to the hell of the ultimate sinners.
You have a GOAL, a MISSION...and you are brave to take it on.
This is my first story, and as such, there are bound to be mistakes which I will try to avoid but which might creep in anyway.
"What does it mean exactly, that you've already changed things?"
"You want me tell Lily about your unfair treatment - since I'm sure no teacher in their right mind would give him a permission slip?"
"I'll be seeing you at Hogwarts either way, and will be quite safe in Diagon Alley.
Besides, they were talking about James, who was the Head.
She looked at him with narrowed eyes, and had to clamp her hands upon her knees to stop them shaking when she saw eyes like his - gray like storm clouds, but silvery - staring intently at her from under sharp black eyebrows, and equally black, shoulder length hair, artfully tousled.
That night, Remus' innocent and burden-free expression churned her mind for ideas.
Two weeks into term, Hermione had already come close to her breaking point far too many times - she had pushed up her Occlumency skills hard; even so, she could feel herself slipping.
