She glossed over his comment, returning to the subject of the party.
She licked her lips, this time more for effect, having now quite skilfully mastered the art of eating the melted swiss diary product.
"A decisive victory too, if I'm not mistaken."
His tone remained flat, as if it really was nothing special.
His very soft sexy voice asked slowly, sensually.
However the Unspeakable felt that Hermione Granger should be a little less excited at the prospect, neither of them knew what this man was really up to.
"There were various items in a private collection there, the owner wanted some expert advice and asked the Ministry for help."
There was another somewhat rueful curving of Lucius Malfoy's lips.
"If you walk down there."
Lucius Malfoy was propped up on one elbow, a lazy smirk curving his mouth, his now dry blond hair falling in a familiar silky mass about his broad shoulders.
Pulling her attention away from the extensive library of books around and above her, she would definitely take a look at those in more detail before the weekend was over, her attention fell upon two people just across the room playing wizard chess.
Instead, she had been given a lesson in business ethics and gastronomy.
His expression totally implacable as he waited patiently for her to continue.
Her brain might be full of wild surmises but, officially Hermione Granger was off the Ministry's clock, she had been ordered to take the weekend off.
"Has, I will take that as a compliment."
The other part of Hermione felt her skin flush sensually, heat rising and not just in her face.
His body was unyielding, Hermione could feel every part of it against her and inside her.
Nope, diversionary tactic failed miserably, talk of the local climate and vista of any kind was not what Lucius Malfoy had in mind.
Hermione suddenly found a smile tugging at her lips, whilst the Dark Wizard, seemed more than at home in his own bar and she felt certain in the more traditional rooms of his hotel, she really couldn't envisage him enjoying the benefits of the spa.
There certainly was a lot more to be gained by keeping Lucius Malfoy sweet, and despite what she now knew or at least believed, keeping his wheels oiled wouldn't be too much of a hardship.
