Immediacy a room began to form around him in a swirl of black mist.
A/N: Someone left me a really lovely review for the last chapter, but it was anonymous, so i just wanted to say thank you for the review and i hope you enjoy the rest just as much.
She thought about trying to modify the spell, but there were layers and layers of failsafe measures she would have to break down first and then re work to suit her purposes, she had no doubt that she could do it, as a last resort but it would take years of work.
He mumbled looking up at her from the floor where he had landed.
She had immediately thought of a class outing to actually see some of the events her students were learning about, but that had proved to be quite useless as well, as it could only send the user back as far as they were born but no further, she couldn't use that, as the only event the took place within the lifetime of her students was the second Wizarding war.
He flipped through the book until he found what he was looking for.
She was going to stop Regulus Black from dying in that cave.
This is imperative, and I am afraid that means you will be alone for the next 9 months."
She would need to visit Sirius Vault.
Their secret keeper sells them out to Voldemort and that is how he finds them on halloween.
She had immediately requested all objects in the Black vault be tested for curses, and for any cursed items to be removed, until a curse breaker had looked them over.
I was born yesterday, that is the only reason I was able to come back to this event with the spell I found.
He was a blood traitor now, or he would be branded one when the the war was over and he was able to walk around freely once more.
When visiting the Potter vault for the last time she had seen a large stack of currently out of circulation Muggle paper money, nearly £2000 worth, which was a stroke of luck too.
He really didn't want to live in a tent for nine months if he didn't have to, even if it was magically enlarged.
You must not talk about what I have asked you to anyone at all except me, is that clear."
From what he had gathered from his observations, Hermione seemed to be a somewhat fussy child.
That's why he's been missing classes" Young Hermione shouts pointing her wand at Remus Remus looks at young Hermione sadly.
Hermione gave him a watery smile, she was finding the prospect of no longer existing in the way she does now, harder than she thought she would.
But on the other hand he had been a death eater, last time they had spoken it had not ended well.
