[a/n: since harry's going to ask, and it's no secret - Luna's exploiting a clause in Hogwart's rules, specifically one about tutelage to teach children to control their magic.
Harry thought back to a question he'd meant to ask Snape - and then promptly tried to talk himself out of asking (because he didn't want to spend more time with Snape).
Draco would watch, and if that didn't work, he'd request information.
Harry thought contemplatively.
Harry knew it was important, but really didn't need to know how many cats Mrs. Frobisher had acquired, or really why Mr. Silv needed more clothespins.
But that was why it worked.
It had been hard enough coming to terms with being Britain's Saviour at the tender age of eleven.
[a/n: Harry's a mite bit clueless.
Harry had discovered he rather liked interesting when it didn't involve him putting his life on the line every five seconds.
"It takes a certain recklessness to enter the field of battle, you realize?"
A cookie for the reader who already asked "why didn't he use wandless magic"!]
Hermione was there, on the ground, her hands on her hips.
Draco responded, throwing his loaf back at her.
He just wished he didn't feel so much like a sailor touching land for the first time in a year - everything swaying around him.
Harry had been so busy, he'd woken up Saturday with no idea that it was a Hogsmeade weekend.
Harry caught the snitch, but he knew, as Draco did, that Malfoy had managed to spurt out ahead of Harry several times in the chase.
Hermione Granger wasn't graceful about it, even when she was walking on a mission - her stride was that of a boar, or a bull, or a cow - something too big to have to worry about what it stepped on.
"You can tell him I taught you the spell, if he asks, alright?"
Indeed, the claws that had left (or at least tried to), were grouped together, uneasily eyeing both the door and Snape, as if they were expecting something.
He pasted himself to the floor, debated for half-a-second about heading towards the nearest pile of satchels, and settled for tucking extremities under his body.
