'I wasn't hungry', Potter answered flatly.
Severus broke the silence.
He dreamt of the click of the lock after he was thrown into his room, bleeding and bruised.
Harry sat on the stool in front of Snape's desk, his eyes lowered to the ground.
Beside the twins sat the youngest member of the team, who was sitting there, nose fully healed and eyes more animated than they had been in weeks, chattering away with Granger and Weasley.
You can do your marking in Poppy's office, and there's a chance you won't even be disturbed'.
Severus knew in an instant that the boy was lying.
He concentrated on his breathing, slowly inhaling and exhaling as he tried to calm his racing heart.
'Yes, sir', Harry added quickly.
'Alright, Mr Potter', Madam Pomfrey said, frowning slightly, 'I'd like you to lie down on the bed and I'll do a scan of your bones and any current injuries'.
He knew exactly where Dumbledore was going.
he asked, realising for the first time that Hermine had been sat alone.
He caught sight of Oliver and the twins walking onto the pitch and hastily forced his mouth into a smile as he landed on the ground beside Katie Bell.
Severus strode down the familiar passageway to his office fifteen minutes later, having deposited the brat outside his common room with strict instructions to go straight to bed.
He'd given the imbecile an Expunging Elixir to rid his body of the toxic leaves, and a couple of more specialised potions to stop the convulsions and frothing at the mouth.
I haven't practised Healing magic with any particular regularity since the brat was born and my abilities lie primarily in first-aid and potions rather than treating any longstanding conditions.'
She launched into an explanation of Harry's injures and their treatment, her voice quiet even though the closed curtain activated silencing charms so powerful that Harry could have screamed at the top of his lungs and McLaggen, who was resting on the other side of the Hospital Wing, wouldn't have heard a thing.
The visit that had led to that damnable flying car, he remembered with another scowl.
The common room seemed too small, and for the first time he felt claustrophobic inside the stone walls of Hogwarts.
She paused for a moment, and then continued on in a softer voice, 'I know you dislike for him to be treated as anything but a normal child but in this instant, there is simply no other option.'
