The Dark Lord roared with anger and began to tear his way through to Iliad.
"Anything to take Harry Potter," The Darkness spoke in the mind of Lord Voldemort.
"Still weak," he commented dryly, but even Iliad couldn't block the small smile of pride that stretched across his face for a slight moment before he sent the two children off.
"Then what is our way forward, Mr Malfoy!"
"The Resurrection Stone has chosen you to wield it," Flamel explained to the young Potter.
"Yes, I pulled out the knife, I had to, it was a portkey which would pull me back there."
Dumbledore replied leading the kids up to the 7th floor and activating the room of requirement.
Victor went on to win the game of snap, with Fleur coming second and Harry finishing dead last.
Harry and Hermione trekked down to Hagrid's hut and rapped on the door.
With a crack, they emerged in one of the large fields of Black Manor, where Arcturus let go of the hand of his teammate, and both men lay down flat on the ground, breathing heavily.
Harry grinned too, "Friends?"
If it weren't a clear sign that he had passed on, Harry would have found the expression on his old Headmaster's face extremely funny.
*** Examtime Both Harry and Hermione did exceedingly well in their second year exams, passing all the practicals with flying colours, not even having to try for defence, and in the blink of an eye, it was time to leave.
"Ms Skeeter, the goblet is a very powerful magical artefact, if I were even close to capable of hoodwinking it as you are suggesting it, then I wouldn't need to because I'd already be capable enough to breeze through its testing without even a chance for anybody else.
Harry zoned out Quirrell, instead picking up his book on occlumency and reading the third stage.
Iliad's wife blinked at him, "What?"
Just as he drew his hand back to strike, he was blown away from the officer.
Where are your last two horcruxes located."
It was a Manor fitting to be called the base of Lord Voldemort, and it was where The Dark Lord found himself contemplating his greatest enemy.
Jr was also a competent dueller, flicking the spell-chain away then countering the fire by blowing it back at Sr with a well placed gust of wind.
