He wore a white button up, sleeves rolled to reveal his fading tattoos, and dark denim trousers with his best boots, He managed to neatly pull his locks back with only a few tendrils loose on his face and oiled his goatee.
His father shot him a look and he sucked his teeth.
Lucky for the Potter family, someone finally managed to remove the old hag's last remnant that haunted the place and replaced it with a large family portrait.
He pulled a coil, watching it bounce into place, his eyes flickering with something neither Harry nor Remus could place.
Feeling her mental boxes tearing at the seams from the weight of it all, Hermione blinked away the threat of tears and found her reflection in the gold sun-shaped mirror that hung amongst the still photos.
She sucked her bottom lip into her mouth with her eyes cast away in thought, which caused him to inwardly groan.
I'm hoping you can still enjoy it despite that small fact.
Hogwarts Castle Remus drummed his fingers absently against his chin as his soft eyes roved over the stone curved walls of an office all too familiar yet distant to him; awards and newspaper clippings hung particularly and perfectly against the walls, alongside some personal photos of his extensive family and friends.
He had a bruise darkening his cheek and eye and wrappings peeking out from his collar.
"You haven't seen how the boy looks at Hermione?
"Father, I—" "I suppose there goes that theory," interrupted Lucius.
She sighed happily when she entered the opulent bathroom—it was the one thing Hermione begged Lucius to magically expand.
This was it, this was how Hermione Granger died.
He laid in his bed, still in his trousers, with his arms crossed behind his head as he stared at the ceiling.
Remus lifted his head and looked to the ceiling with a contemplative smile.
Neatly stacked upon the cabinet tops that lined the small office were piles of parchment and notebooks marked with green, red, yellow and blue labels, divided by days and times, further organized by last name, as well as deliberately noted syllabuses marked accordingly and placed atop each pile.
Even in her three-year-long absence, he felt an understanding of the person she was, only regretting he couldn't know first hand.
She smacked his arm and he shot her an affronted look.
"And I am grateful for you, Draco.
He had never seen such courage exude from the young Malfoy.
