Breathing deeply through his nose, he pushed himself downwards at a slow and steady pace, not breaking for a moment, his throat clenching tighter and tighter as he tried to worm her cock deeper and deeper.
Lowering her hands down to her mother's hands, she lifted her soft palms and guided them to her plump breasts, using them to press the soft mounds together, sandwiching her cock in a soft, slick haven; primarily thanks to Gabrielle's diligent oral attentions.
Ron slowly began to piece everything together.
Hermione had plucked her wand and with a simple swish, the skilled witch conjured up two leather ropes that bound Ron's arms to the head of the bed, the boy confused at first, but welcoming the sudden change with a soft smile, "Oh this getting a little kinkier than I expect…urgh…" "Hush now… I'm in charge.
It made her smile that she could manage to hoodwink an ancient magical artefact.
I've also looked forwards to writing this chapter and the next chapter a whole lot, so forgive me if I get a little carried away.
Cho's hand continued to jerk along her cock whilst Katie's hand went to her own breast, plucking and pulling on the sensitive nub as she fucked herself on Cho's delectably large tongue.
"No, you crazy, deluded bitch.
All that was without mentioning the sheer consistency of his deepthroating.
She hadn't technically lied about not having many people fuck her, because she only let her sister do so.
He hadn't cum, but the sheer intensity of the pleasure was messing with his senses, his head swimming with the contrasting pleasures of being filled and then empty of cock.
Harry gasped as Ginny's hand smacked his bare ass, causing him to jump slightly as she massaged the raw red mark she left behind, before slapping him again.
Inside these doors, inside this room, we can dispel with formality.
Pushing that to one side, she focussed on the cock in front of her, her lips a couple inches away from pressing against the base of his cock.
Never mind the question of how Luna knew what a cock-ring was in the first place.
However, as her cock twitched and throbbed in her hand, she found herself unable to simply watch, and instead turned her gaze towards Fred's perfectly placed arse and felt a surge of dominant lust take over her.
Or me and my sister will sit here all night and you'll be stuck another day."
It seemed that was all he could think about.
Her lips wrapped delicately around the halfway mark of Apolline's enormous length, Gabrielle being far from satisfied with the comparatively small amount of cock she had in her throat.
The pain would pass, but the fact that he had sex with Hermione Granger trumped it all.
