"I can't forgive you if you won't give up on being a Death Eater, I bloody can't!
While Peter looked scared, James and Sirius pointed their wands right back.
buxom girl with stringy, blonde hair and the top three buttons of her blouse open.
While I myself am unsure in regards to how far He is willing to go, that doesn't mean that I would ever find myself willing to risk my life to stop him.
"You don't say," said Remus dryly, an amused grin on his face as the two of them continued on their rounds.
I'm so glad you could come tonight; you never attend these parties with me!"
Letters From The Dark Chapter 32 The Explosion Disclaimer: I am not J. K. Rowling, nor do I own the Harry Potter Series.
Remus frowned, giving Lily a level look.
"Wasn't going to," replied Evelyn with a frown.
It's your business normally, but this is a dance.
Lily turned, only to see him shaking his head as he began to walk away.
How can he claim to be 'pretty much over it' after not even two months!'
Oh, Lily certainly enjoyed a bit of fun or a good prank as much as the next girl; it was just that the 'pranks' that the Marauders and their imitators pulled were more along the lines of senseless cruelty!
Slowly, he pushed her back a few feet, and held each of her hands lightly in hers.
Turning around, she saw the Gryffindor boy brandishing his wand at her, an almost-desperate look in his dark brown eyes.
"It's not...it's not like I'm doing it on purpose," whispered the young Gryffindor, trying to apologize as she backed away from him, as well as the crowd around him.
"Peter's gotten himself stuck in something again, the twit!
Their past interactions had always been colored by his friendship with Mulciber, and now that Mulciber had 'dumped' him and he could no longer be a Death Eater... "Shall I assume that she will be in the Potions classroom when we get there?"
Feeling tears of frustration starting to build up behind her eyes, Lily took a deep breath to calm herself down.
"That's a very good question.
