A/N: Build A Zoo prompt: Lily Luna Potter Arthur took comfort in the fact that Charlie lived so far away.
What's to say he wasn't just going with the flow then, too?
As the Fiendfyre overtook the room, its vicious flames devouring everything in its path, Vincent knew there would be no last-minute escape.
He couldn't seem to focus on anything.
If they were all unworthy, then she would have to be brave and strong and dedicated enough for all of them.
It was only natural for them to want to avoid being lumped in with her.
After all, it was a mission from Harry, so he was determined to complete it if it was the last thing he did.
Orion knows Sirius would say he isn't a good father, and maybe that's true.
How does he know which path to follow when the needle keeps spinning between two different directions?
Ron and Ginny were still just schoolkids, making them vulnerable, and Fred and George weren't much better.
The diary turned into a party popper, with colourful streamers shooting up out of it.
She didn't say it outright, but she didn't have to; she thought Fleur was too sensitive, or rather wanted him to think that.
The cold, hard fact of the matter was that he didn't want to fight.
A/N: Build A Zoo prompt: Helena Ravenclaw When Albus first arrived at Hogwarts, everyone thought he was going to be special just because his dad was.
It was a miracle Harry wasn't a criminal already with parents like his.
To the wizarding world, she was just Harry Potter's well-behaved but aimless daughter.
Similarly, while the others were wrong in their assumption that she agreed with blood bigotry, they were also right in that growing up surrounded by it had led to biases that even she didn't recognise.
Perhaps there were benefits to being an idiot sometimes.
It had been like a bucket of cold water being poured over his head — the shock, then the cold chill of realising something was wrong, then the darkness as the metal hit.
A/N: Build a Zoo prompt: Fleur Delacour Dorcas knew Voldemort was after her.
