Goblin-wizarding matters aside, Harry Potter grew up very happily after that very fateful day when Swordclaw and Stormaxe removed him from his relatives' home.
Regarding your guardian's requirements, I would like to meet with you and your guardian in person at a time and place of your choosing to clarify them.
After enduring Minerva's screeching lecture about how he was not to interfere with Harry Potter's life and how he was not to mess around with the school schedules, seeing as that was how they had been for the past few centuries, and how he most certainly not allowed to mess with school schedules for the purpose of interfering with Harry Potter's life, he went down to breakfast.
And a lot of stuff about his first classes changed.
"I'm Harry," he replied as he helped her hoist her trunk to the luggage rack.
Trolls were quite easy to take down, once you knew their weakness.
The loving part was right, of course, but wizarding?
Smiling that he had found a kindred bookworm, Harry replied, "Crafting for Apprentices," as he put a bookmark in and closed the book, "Why don't you come in?
Already, his dagger had been flashing different shades of blue as he reached for the pumpkin juice, meaning someone was trying to sneak mind control potions into it.
Speaking of his grand entry to the wizarding world, where was his letter from Hogwarts?
Firedagger picked up his quill.
Chapter posted: October 21st, 2019 Tentative update date: October 28th, 2019 Note: There are some parts in this chapter that are quotes from Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's (or Philosopher's, depending where you're from) Stone, chapter 7 (eg the sorting hat song, quotes, etc.).
Plus, he had a library to explore.
It contained a giant oversized chessboard.
With all that going on, it was amazing that Harry even managed to go to bed each night.
The rest of the ride was in eerie silence, broken only by the gasps of amazement and wonder when the castle came into view.
", the boats set off across the lake.
Besides, I am technically giving it to a true Gryffindor."
The silence was only interrupted by various soft whispers as the boats proceeded across the lake.
By this point, Quirrell had managed to catch the key and had entered the next room.
