"Ah…" his tone was light.
"All gone and nobody died."
"Draco, it's nothing," she says as she kneels down and reaches under, gently catching it.
"I fancied leaving her to stew and panic about how bad it'd be before moving in for the kill.
"I'm not going to attack you.
"It was legislatively flawless.
"It's what everyone keeps telling me."
"Look, it even has a hat."
"Right"—his voice was stiff—"because if I hurt her, it would assuredly make my family look better."
"That you were in love with me?"
"There are several things I'm interested in."
After several deafening minutes of silence Malfoy snorted.
As the doors slid shut, Harry watched her slip her hand into Malfoy's and lean her head against his shoulder.
At that point, almost everyone was drunk, except the reporters who stayed sober and alert in order to pick up any and all potential gossip.
Before I left, I always said, "You should make an appearance, just for a few minutes.
But then—" her voice jumped, "when we had rounds on Thursday night, he told me that I was right and he'd written and informed his parents of his intention to formally court me so we can get married following graduation."
Did she wear stockings with a garter belt?
Did you love potion him?"
Did you still want to check out the new cafe in Diagon, or were you in the mood for something else?"
Draco had not been, but no one listened to him.
Draco quirked an eyebrow and leaned back in his chair.
Draco quirked an eyebrow and snorted.
Draco shrugged and gathered up the photos again, flipping through them slowly.
Draco tried not to choke audibly.
Draco walked slowly around the burning boxes towards the door of the vault.
Every year, I'm more staggered by how young we all were.
Except she was gone when he woke the next morning; and he'd been lying in bed for ten hours now, trying to re-evaluate his entire existence once again.
Harry pressed a button on the lift and then stepped back, leaning back against the wall and folding his arms loosely as he stared at the pointy-faced prat his best friend had just announced she was dating.
Harry was no longer trying to hide his dislike.
He blinked, pushed off the naked witch draped over him, and sat up.
He cocked his head slowly to the side, laying the photo down and tracing his fingertips lightly over it.
He isn't in the library or his study either.
He quirks an aristocratic eyebrow and looks down his nose at her.
He stared at it for several seconds, and then sighed, and turned around.
He straightened as he watched her reaction carefully.
He touched the tip of it against mine and paused.
He walked over to all the boxes of mind-bogglingly detailed analysis of several hundred legislative documents.
He was dressed to the nines in that casual, effortless way of someone who wore their clothes rather than being worn by them.
He'd swerve at the last moment or perform a Wronski Feint or something, and the road would go around Granger.
Her cheeks were stained scarlet as she glared at him.
Her fingernails had been bitten to the quick, and she stared at him with her lower lip caught between her teeth.
Hermione Granger Wants To Save The World.
Hermione lifted her head, scowled, and started furiously marking up spelling errors on Harry's essay.
Hermione raises an eyebrow of her own.
Hermione slowly raised an eyebrow of her own.
His eyes peeled away from her, and he reached down to pick up one of the photos.
His eyes slid over her, and then flicked back to the photos on his desk.
His hand reached surreptitiously for his wand as he tried to determine what had set her off.
His hands had curled into fists, and he looked as though he were on the verge of trying to deck Harry.
His road had led to Granger, but now that he'd reached her, she'd gone, gathered her things, and left without a word to anyone, not even the house-elves.
I caught sight of his face.
I have no idea where she is.
I just don't want it in the dungeons."
I snorted and angled myself towards him in the darkness.
I was so focused on what was happening to me that I never bothered to see how much I was asking from her without even noticing.
I wished I'd asked for firewhiskey.
I'm positive I told you."
Instead she finds him standing casually upon a precariously small side table in the middle of the room.
It is from their foes, not their friends, that cities learn the lesson of building high walls and ships of war."
It turned out, in retrospect, that Draco had drunk too many glasses of champagne while telling himself that it really was going to be the last time he interacted with Granger.
It was an unspoken question.
It was fine, until it wasn't fine any more.
Just days before her very public breakup with Adrian Pucey.
Malfoy let out a disbelieving breath and stepped forward, jamming his thumb repeatedly against the buttons.
Malfoy slammed his fist against the doors and stood, radiating rage.
Malfoy slid her bag off her shoulder and up onto his own and started taking all the scrolls.
No matter how many Ministry events I'd attended, they never felt natural.
Rating: T Category: Rom-com Warnings: None.
She doesn't care whether anyone will appreciate it.
She was nearly shrieking with outrage.
She'll either push it open to find him waiting for her, decoratively garbed in chocolate, or discover him held at wand-point by vengeful Death Eaters.
Somehow that road had also led to Granger: in his drawing room, screaming while his aunt tortured her.
That I—always based my decisions on it, rather than him.
The comedic absurdity was as glaring as the light.
The stairs were narrow and could barely accommodate the width of both our hips.
The way he pronounced my name curled and wafted through the air like the smoke.
There was a part of me that wanted to reach out muss him up a bit, lace my fingers into the hair at the base of his head and light a cigarette against his lips.
There were several more minutes of silence.
These kinds of events are for people who aren't willing to do things by their own effort."
Were there any beetles with unusual markings?
Why did you have to break my heart?"
Zabini said he saw Granger studying here."
