"All right," said Harry, looking once to the door before he returned his attention to Ronald as he asked, "So, what does that have to do with you knowing who I am and whatever it was that made you…well, you, Ronald?"
"And…Percival and Ginevra?"
"Because I say it is," answered the blonde, puffing up like a peacock as he added, "My Father is the head of the Board of Governors and, one word from me and you will be expelled."
"Blood Magi are not born, Master," explained Ronald, earning another curious look from Harry before the redhead smiled as he went on, "As my big brother, William, told me when I asked him about it: we are spawned, hatched, you might say, like newborn dragons or other egg-born creatures, from a blended mixture of semen from a man, eggs from a woman and the blood of our Elders, brought together under the new moon, when its light is set to be reborn.
"But I'll find out soon: in the meantime, you can be a…a friend, as far as the rest of them are concerned.
"But I'll find out soon: in the meantime, you can be a…a friend, as far as the rest of them are concerned.
"His friend," said Ronald, though when he looked to Harry, he saw the emerald-eyed boy nod once, as though giving Ronald permission before, closing the door to their compartment again, Ronald added, "But also…yeah."
"I don't want to harm you, Master; I never have and I never will…no, what I want is this: I want you to be what you were meant to be…a great sorcerer…but for that, you must have POWER!"
"I hope so too, Master," agreed Ronald, though not before he shrugged ruefully as he added, "And if not, I just hope I have your permission to die."
"I'm only kidding; I am Fred."
"If you don't, I'll just go ahead and kill you…or, who knows?
"Mm-hm," muttered Harry, closing his eye again before he added, "And, although it's not your name, since you gave it, I'll return the favour: my name is Harry James Potter.
"Molly Weasley, formerly Prewitt: she calls herself our Mother, but what she doesn't know is that the only one she has ever given birth to is my little sister, Ginevra, and my elder brother, and Prefect, Percival.
"Molly is under the Trigger," explained Ronald, earning a raised eyebrow from Harry while the redhead smiled wolfishly as he told Harry, "Ever since she realised what was coming and continued to corrupt Ginevra into her sick thoughts, Father had her under the Trigger and acting somewhat normal while fulfilling his wishes, such as making sure we identify our Master and let Him know we are here to do his will…and we are!
"Rewards," said Ronald, earning an ah from Harry as the redhead explained, "Not to mention decoys to keep people off of our scent: you see, Master, Percival has ambitions to be a part of that bleating sheep's flock, the Ministry of Magic.
"Sanguimancy," replied Ronald, letting his thumb slide out of his mouth, revealing a now-clean thumb; there wasn't even a scar, let alone a trace of the blood that had been flowing just a few moments earlier.
"Take the World…" whispered Harry before, as though cementing his claim to that destiny, he nodded once, knowing now who was truly in charge of this power, this destiny and this body.
"Takes one to know one, Master," said Ronald, earning a scoff from Harry.
"Wait until my Father hears about this, you…you…" snapped the blonde, earning an unseen smile from Harry as he stepped back into his compartment, more than aware of the look of mutual amusement and dark glee that crossed Ronald's face, even as the blonde sputtered, "Hey wait; you never gave me your name."
"Well, in that case, you go right ahead and tell Daddy about me; it'll be interesting to meet a member of the Board."
"Yeah, it's just a shame I don't fully understand what my true nature is," argued the emerald-eyed scion, earning a raised eyebrow from Ronald as Harry went on.
"Yeah, it's just a shame I don't fully understand what my true nature is," argued the emerald-eyed scion, earning a raised eyebrow from Ronald as Harry went on.
"Yep," said Ronald, looking to the castle that was perched atop a cliff, filled with turrets, towers and windows that shimmered with light that burned from within.
'Great, a magical Dudley, that's all I need,' thought Harry, scoffing again before he smiled, at least on the inside, he did so, as he mused, 'Actually, maybe that's just what I need: someone I can use as my tackle dummy and a preferred target to use when I grow into my powers.'
'He wants to be yours, Master…' 'No shit, Voice,' thought Harry, smirking in amusement as, even with his limited knowledge and capabilities over his true strength, he could see how Ronald submitted to him, though in a way that was different from the boy who'd seemed so kind and welcoming on the other side of the platform.
A young man with wild, raven-black hair and green eyes that shone with raw power, which looked familiar and for one good reason.
After a few minutes, however, a knock to the door made Harry look down with a slight frown of displeasure while Ronald straightened up, even as Harry muttered, "I can't be bothered dealing with another nuisance, Ronald; get that, will you?"
And the same was clearly said, if not suggested, by the way Percy carried himself.
And then, as was his destiny, he would be able to… Brightburn Knock-knock 'Who's there?'
And what's with the gold throne?
As the Shadow gave the truth, as frankly as it sounded, Harry felt his hands clench into fists while he listened as the Shadow went on.
At the other end of the path, Hagrid's guidance led the first-years to the edge of a lake that had a small fleet of boats moored on the edge; at the giant's instruction of no more than four to a boat – an instruction Harry found bleeding obvious, seeing as how the boats were no bigger than toy dinghies at best – Harry, Ronald and Hermione clambered into a boat, though when a few students made to join them, Harry made a point of claiming the boat for just the three of them as he stretched out, just as he had done on the train.
Brightburn "It's the same every year, packed with Muggles, of course!"
Come on now, first-years!
Even with the curiosities of what had happened in the so-called Boy-Who-Lived's sorting, the cheers were as wild as though England had won the World Cup all over again.
For now, though, Harry had a new problem facing him; 'How am I supposed to find Platform Nine-and-Three-Quarters?
For those answers, Harry would have waited in line with the rest of the freaking world!
From this day forth, He is our Lord, Master, Sovereign and, when he is ready to come to me, you shall bring Him and I shall hand my throne to Him.
Ginevra, on the other hand, is a seventh child, the first girl and someone Molly deludes herself into thinking will be the future Mrs Harry Potter…but, of course, she won't become that."
Harry's eyes widened as he heard this before the Shadow smiled as he told Harry, "And, with it, Harry, my friend, my Lord, my Master…my everything!
However, Harry was more-alarmed at the face worn by the stranger addressing him.
However, as if things weren't being drawn out long enough already, Harry was annoyed to discover that the rest of the school were already seated and now, as the first-years walked among them, they eyed them up like sheep and cows at a cattle market or horses on dressage.
I imagine you've heard of me?"
I never would have thought he would even have servants because…well, you know they all think he's a hero?"
I'd rather not go down that end where there's a lot of noise and ignorant prats."
If you've been in charge of my power all this time, what do you want in return for that control now?
In other words, it was the perfect bedroom.
Instead of meeting his gaze, however, Ron seemed to try to do everything he could not to meet Harry's eyes, almost as though there was a part of him that believed he was unworthy of doing so and so, rather than look Harry in the eye, Ron lowered his gaze to the ground, like a dog tucking its tail between its legs.
Is he overcompensating for something by making himself the centre of attention?
It was a strange goodnight message to give to a child, by anyone's standards, yet it would, one day, be Harry's guiding light for the path he took.
Just call me Harry, all right?
Laying himself across the sofa, kicking off his shoes in the process, Harry drew in a breath before he slowly closed his eyes, ignoring the looks from the portraits and the others who saw him act in such a cavalier manner.
Looking at kids in such a way…mental note; don't let yourself be left alone with this disgusting old fool!'
Looking back to Ronald, who seemed content to suck his thumb to stem the blood flow and stop any more blood being used, Harry frowned as he asked, "What in the name of Magic was that?"
Maybe taking the world would be easier than he thought if this was how stupid the people of said world were going to be.
Nobody can challenge you.
Not that such first look did anything to impress him in the slightest.
Nothing, except the one with the power to make this world whatever he wanted it to be.
Now, go…and take the world…" "Take…the…World…" whispered Harry, the words more-common and whole in him than they'd ever been before.
Once the arrogant moron was gone, Harry saw the redheaded woman turn to her brood once more before she insisted, "Fred, you next!"
One with power, the likes of which, makes everyone else look like children!
PLATFORM 9 ¾ Hogwarts Express 'And Hagrid couldn't have told me that…why?'
Ronald, meanwhile, took the liberty of cleaning up the remains from their feast, though he did so quickly and quietly, so as not to disturb his new master and friend.
Suddenly, Harry spun around again, though this time, when he did so, his eyes widened when he saw an unusual, shadowy figure standing not a few inches from him, their body was bathed in darkness and yet, as Harry looked at them, he was dimly-aware of a faint, reddish-golden glow that seemed to rise up around the shadow.
That was the first, if not, the only thing Harry was aware of when he sensed/suspected he had been drawn into his inevitable encounter with the unseen advocate whom lived inside of his mind, spirit and/or his magic.
The Hogwarts song was…humiliating!
The darkness seemed to surround Harry on all sides as he felt a cold sensation brush against his mind…or maybe it was his heart…or possibly even the part of him that was his soul, maybe even his magic?
There was, as the old saying went, not a snowball's chance in Hell of that happening.
They went from pal to prey, so to speak.
They were also brought to the very front of the hall where Harry got his first look at the supposed great wizard, Albus Dumbledore.
This was definitely not the Harry Hermione remembered reading about.
Though he didn't forget the feelings he got from the redheaded boy and the girl whom had to be his sister.
Though he didn't forget the feelings he got from the redheaded boy and the girl whom had to be his sister.
Weirdly, as Ronald's Sorting began, Harry also thought he heard a familiar sobbing whimper before the Sorting Hat made its choice; "GRYFFINDOR!"
With a student with the letter A in her name being called up.
Wolves howling off in the distance?"
You…you wanted to see what my real explanation was for hiding my name, right?"
asked Harry, earning a nod from Ron while, as Harry watched, the redhead's submissive demeanour once again showed itself, but only in the way that meant Ron kept his eyes on Harry's, as he'd been ordered to do, while he swallowed hard as he waited for Harry's next words.
asked Harry, earning a shake of the head from Ronald.
asked Harry, earning soft laughs from his two companions before Harry let out a soft sigh as he added, "I'll tell you what, Hermione: I assume you want to know who you really are?"
asked Harry, leaning against the window of the compartment before he asked, "From what I can guess, you've taken my message to the rest of the idiots out there and literally made it so that they cannot disturb me unless they knock first: you said that was Blood Magic, but how, exactly, does it happen?"
thought Harry, smiling coldly as he wondered how he might make the best use of his magic to have some fun with the peacock-like insect who swaggered towards the pillar before him before, to Harry's slight amazement, he vanished through it as though he were made of nothing more than smoke and shadows.
thought Harry, turning on the spot as he tried to find a way out of this crazy place, 'All right, if this is to be a labyrinth, does that make me Theseus and you the Minotaur?
wondered Harry, even as he made his way towards the train.
