"C'mon, Harry," Ron whined around a mouthful of chocolate frog.
"Do you know what it is?"
"How are you with all of this?"
"I don't think so," said Snape, smirking at them.
"I understand you there," Harry said.
"My dear Lady," Lucius said.
"No offense Ron but I don't want to marry your sister."
"Oh yes, we feel a Ministry presence in the school to keep investigating will help."
"Please follow me," he said and walked stiffly from the hall, his meal left untouched at the head table.
"Professor," said Harry at once, "I swear I didn't –" "This is out of my hands, Potter," said Professor McGonagall curtly.
"So what do we do now Professor?"
"There is no cause for concern Madame, as I have everything under control.
"Though we know a Blood Adoption Potion can show the adoptive parents and not the birth," Severus reminded his husband.
"What were you able to find?"
"Yes," Severus said snuggling in closer.
'25 Oct 1981 I am so angry right now with both Dumbledore and Lily.
A powerful memory block has been placed upon these two men.
Across the room three more watched in confusion as their family tree appeared before them.
All he wanted to do was fire off the spell to change the events of the day but knew that he couldn't do so with the three of them.
All this time he thought of the man as his Uncle and he really was his "mother".
All through lunch their thoughts were on the meeting and what they learned that they almost forgot about all of the attacks and that tonight was the dueling club.
As they headed down into the dungeons they engaged in small talk.
Attached to the note was a toothpick.
But I can tell you that all of those potions were brewed correctly as I checked them before we used them.
Chapter 44 Pansy stomped all the way up to their next class.
Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, all rights belong to J. K. Rowling, Warner Brothers and her various publishers.
Dumbledore thought himself so clever when he left the child there.
Fred and George cursed themselves for not using the map.
George said the last mimicking Molly's voice.
Harry flipped to another page earlier in her book and started to read.
Harry knew that Draco and Hermione were done and that the pathetic Pansy Parkinson was delaying turning hers in because she didn't want to leave without Draco.
Harry looked up from the entry they had just read to find Ron starring at him.
Harry was laughing with Ron as he flashed the silver sickle he found in his Christmas pudding.
He asked us to take you in and raise you are our own.
He did wonder if Barty, Dolph, Bast and Bella really attacked the Longbottom's or if they did for the reason put forth.
He felt bad at what she had done to Malfoy's parents.
He found a later chapter that looked promising.
He had been covertly watching over his cubs and noticed the looks Harry had been sending Draco.
He hated the festivities to begin with, but now he had to watch his husband dance with Narcissa and pretend.
He heard the stuff she'd mutter under her breath when they were out shopping and would see a couple of family shopping.
He raised his own wand, attempted a complicated sort of wiggling action, and dropped it.
He walked over to them and stood next to Harry.
He was honestly shocked that such a thing could happen.
He watched the words scrawl upon the parchment.
Hermione nudged them and mouth the word "Dumbledore", so Ron and Harry figured that this must be his office and where he lived.
His father's would hug and kiss him good night.
I can't tell you thru the floo, you need to come thru as I will have to show you."
I will have to be more vigilant on what I eat and drink.'
If they go on holiday, they leave me with Mrs. Figg who lived on another street.
It was time to do some digging.
It wasn't stealing as she was to marry Harry so why shouldn't she get something nice.
Life would give her anything and everything she wanted.
Lionel Parkinson was enjoying a quiet lunch with his wife when the sound of tapping interrupted them.
Lucius stood and greeted his husband.
Maybe Uncle Albus can get rid of him.
McGonagall walked over to Harry, Ron and Hermione and asked them to follow her.
My heart goes out to Molly over losing her brothers and the pain she must be feeling.
Once the door was shut behind them, Severus walked over and grabbed the parchment.
One simple phrase and we will have the spy we need in the ranks to help us win this war.
Percy actually listened to her mum so she brought him something new.
Please call me Minerva," she said.
Professor Dumbledore said she would be fine, but the culprit has yet to be caught.'
Ragnok looked at Harry and he nodded.
Ron gulped, every witch and wizard knew that a marriage was only valid when filed with Gringotts.
Severus shifted in his husband's lap so he could access the parchment.
She already proved that she held no regard for a baby, even her own blood.
She did note that even though he smiled when she spoke of the children his eyes held a deep sadness.
She felt a little guilty reading them but it did explain Malfoy's behavior recently.
She is the only one that has the spell as it is her creation that will do what we need.
Snape opened the door wider than was needed and let them in as he pretended to look for a culprit.
So, this will allow for you to get to know your cubs," Severus said to him.
The shock of what happened knock the reason why they were there from Ron and Harry's minds.
The twins jaws dropped in shock.
There had to be some way to keep him away from Harry and Hermione.
There were screams as the crowd backed swiftly away, clearing the floor.
They watched the four leave before returning their attention to Dumbledore.
This was a side of him they'd never seen in all his years as Minister.
Uncle Albus said that they could prove to be useful, so he decided to let them live.
We will fix the parchment so no one can say anything."
You will also start to see Snape changing personality wise to some extent.
