"Bertie Botts every flavor...every flavor…" but she wasn't able to finish her sentence and passed out.
"Expelliarmus," she said, with as much power as she could muster.
"Here," he tossed the book into her lap, "I'll let you decide your priorities."
"I am, I have potion preparation texts-" "Can't use them if your dead-" "and first aid manuals-" He got up and walked over to her.
"I used the imperius curse."
"I'm not ungrateful," he said.
"If I don't it'll increase your chance of inf-" Unexpectantly, Hermione stopped herself and looked out in the distance.
"Just a moment," she said, already irritated by his impatience.
"Look, it was a hare, it zig-zagged, I chased it but I lost sight of it.
"No, they're not," she said, taken aback, "how do you know the Order's proper name?"
"Oh get off your high horse-" "Excuse me?!"
"Over here," he answered evenly.
"Some humans are just better than others."
"You might want to add a muffliato charm.
A fountain of water dislodged itself from inside Draco's chest and he immediately rolled onto his unwounded side to puke it out.
And he definitely needed medical attention.
Another gust of wind on her face pushed her over the edge.
As she felt the last of her magic pour out from her, she lifted the imperius curse.
As she levitated him out, she noticed she was absolutely freezing and her shivering hand was making Malfoy's levitating body shake.
At a loss of what to do, she just sat there, watching him for a while.
Despite her annoyance, Hermione's lips turned upwards a bit.
He balled his fists as a new wave of tears slipped down either side of his face, moistening Hermione's hair as they went.
He looked up at her with dead eyes.
He pulled it open a bit further, trying to get a better look.
He turned to look at her once more.
He was still in his stained clothes.
Hermione's spirits lifted a little.
His anger resurfaced as he looked at her.
His breath fanned over her cheeks, and she suddenly felt very aware of their proximity.
His cock wanted to respond.
His eyes closed as a spout of lightheadedness surged.
I can't believe I need to be the one to tell you this, but you need to start guarding your back before someone throws a curse at it."
I think I've suffered enough for one day."
I wouldn't have reacted that way if I wasn't in fear for my life."
It was both, she concluded.
It was difficult seeing as her handicapped arm was still in a sling.
It's impossible to steal someone's magic!"
Like it was class demonstration he'd be quizzed on.
Molly sadly glanced around her kitchen.
No trees to shelter the wind-" she mumbled as she closed her eyes.
Nugget for chapter 7: Let the banter begin!
Resentment shimmered beneath his stormy grey eyes.
Said Arthur as he noticed the other limp body.
She put him down on a towel in front of her tent and used it to help her brush off the dry sand from his back.
She reached into her bag once more, pulling out what resembled a crystal perfume bottle.
She really, really shouldn't.
She resigned herself to silently watch as he repeated the process; until he was so stuffed he resembled a deformed scarecrow.
She set her plan into action and fired a stupefy to the man in front of her, who proceeded to hit a tree behind him.
She shook his hand from her arm.
She shrieked, "Bellatrix tortured me for information.
She still had no idea where Harry and Ron were.
She tried not to giggle as she heard, more than she saw, Draco zigzagging around the field.
She turned to the voice in a fury.
Sick of always being told what to do?
Snatchers, death eaters, government officials…everyone was out looking for them.
Thanks again to my new reviews!
The determination in her eyes must have scared him because his raised her wand at her again and started to back up.
The insult died on his tongue.
The man took a couple of heavy steps beside Hermione to look at Draco, who took his hand off to show him the bleed.
The taste of blood refilled her mouth and she realized that if he were to regain his strength; she might not be so lucky a second time.
Then he'd wait until she was distracted long enough to wipe her memory and high tail it out of there.
They also couldn't light a fire.
They weren't yet yelling or tearing each other's heads off.
Thus, earning him the title of coward by many in the ranks.
What do you think is going to happen to us when he's done?"
With a little Gryffindor courage, she pushed past him hoping to make it to the tall grass behind the house.
With all visible death eaters down, she ran.
asked the man on the left.
