Anyway, apparently this 'ice cream' was something humans would eat to stay cool when it got too hot.
Bo'tang's mother finally caught up to her.
It was tragic that the actions of an ignorant few led to the death of an entire species eons before the next species had even begun exploring their own world.
They were entirely alone in the universe, yet they put their loneliness aside and found the passion and drive to create small, delicate pieces of beauty.
She realized, with a pang in her heart, how extraordinary these humans must have been.
'Come on, Bo'tang, let's go and try that 'fish and chips' dish your aunt told us about!
Bo'tang's mother called for her in the distance, but Bo'tang didn't want to go get lunch yet, she wanted to learn more about the humans.
It was a small pyramid, a tiny replica of the immense monuments which humankind had built to house and honor the dead.
It was such a gorgeous piece that she had assumed it must have been made with some advanced piece of technology.
Bo'tang thought, 'You know you were an important species when an entire section of a museum is dedicated towards you.
These monuments weren't just a place for the dead; Bo'tang imagined them as living creatures, reaching for the sky, stretching desperately to find any proof that they weren't the only ones out there.
Her mother reluctantly pressed the 'play' button on the display case and a blurry video of a rocket soaring through the sky began to play, with a man in the background exclaiming, 'Liftoff!We have a liftoff!
Bo'tang eagerly read the description of the history of the item and  gasped internally when she learned that this beautiful piece of art had been created more than two thousand years before humans went into space, before humans even had electricity.
Bo'tang thought it was wonderful that humans would literally spend years building these incredible structures for their dead, even though they would never be thanked for it.
The first one was called the 'Tara Brooch', and it was apparently from a country called Ireland.
The humans called the festival 'summer' in the English language and 'verano' in Spanish.
'she said with a tired smile.
Why it was called the Cold War when lots of it took place over the summer, she didn't know.
This type of ice cream was called 'chocolate'.As Bo'tang lingered by the main display in the 'First Explorers' section of the Intergalactic History Museum, she looked at the area called 'Your Age in Human Years'.According to the display, if she were living on earth, she would be twelve years old.
'as the lonely species began its solo journey across the stars.
