The atrocity that was his life needed to end.
There had been a dead look in her eyes.
He didnt get a single hit in as the craving for such warmth rolled over him, crashing and exploding.
Had he more energy he would have chucked the bottle against the wall.
"You're cuter when you're docile," she said flatly.
"Ten years," he muttered.
His breathing was ragged.
We take what we want and give as good as we get.
"Her voice cut through his thoughts and he shrugged, unable to look at her.
He stared at her eyes, the color of bromegrass, seeing nothing save for his sorry ass and the acceptance she wore with such ease.
Sometimes he could swear she got more elegant every time.
"The order sounded more like begging to his ears.
Every time he tried to bring the end was different.
He wondered if she ever questioned the strangeness of it all.
She could have had a life.
"He didn't have the energy to glare, which is probably the only reason she risked taking  a seat on the couch.
he demanded, sinking his fingers into her shoulders until she flinched.
Sit down before you hurt yourself.
Such comments had used to insight anger, but he had made them too many times and she was weary of them.
Instead her hand touched his cheek, gentle and warm.
Ulric had been the sort of person who enjoyed girlish things like animals and poetry.
Her movement was graceful.
He shivered at the edge of cold.
"I'll drink if it's from your pussy," he offered, struggling to his feet and failing to give her a charming grin.
Instead of give in he responded: "I'm a man.
""He was such a goddamn pussy," he grumbled.
"Oh, c'mon..." he whined, licking his lips."Diana..."
You already have enough liver damage.
In desperation he kept struggling with the corkscrew top.
Of course he had tried the same thing later.
The truth had been far worse.
He knew she wouldnt have stayed in this forsaken city if not for him.
Every time she showed up to stop him.
By the time he had finished beating her uncle, the man had been near dead.
"How were you planning on doing yourself in this time?
Your parents had already been so I left some blossoms instead.
The only time he had come to her aid she had been sprawled out on a bed in her uncle's house, lounging but not really.
She simply accepted the abuse until he was calm enough to hear her.
With her calm and humble demeanour, her wits, and grades...she could have gone on and done something important with her life.
Theyd been at the same party.
"Drowning in your drink?, she continued.
Yet as he struggled to open his second bottle of 90 proof be could hear the jiggle of a key in the lock and he knew.
So he tried to bury his face into her chest.
The dickface had never come back.
Ullie and I never had any intention of leaving this city, she said, helping him down onto the couch again as he began to shake.
"I know what you think," she sighed.
It was probably beyond her too.
He lunged at her, hand raised to smack the insolent words out of her.
Instead she removed it from his hands.
After a moment's hesitation he obeyed.
He could see her hanging up her coat, taking off her shoes, glancing at her phone because...quite frankly...he wasn't worth hurrying for.
His heart beat faster as he struggled.
"Your brother was more of a man at fifteen than you ever have been in your life.
No need to add any more brain damage either.
Simple coincidence had seen that he had.
A natural wimp; a coward.
A flash of red hid reality.
Gods, why she stayed was beyond him.
What she had seen in his little brother had always been beyond him.
She rescued him later that week from some dealers he had failed to swindle.
His legs almost gave way.
Keys clinked onto the poor excuse of his entry table.
"Fucking bitch, give that back," he snarled and snapped, his fists opening and closing until she shoved the water bottle into his grasp.
Humiliation filled him and he tried to make a grab for her leg, but she knew his moves too well.
He curled fingers into the collar of her blouse, determined not to stop until she gave to him.
When the hell had he become such a pathetic waste of space?
Become a trusted politician, or an empathetic doctor.
Had he blacked out?She stared down at him, cherry pink lips turned up in an unmistakable smirk.
His gaze dropped to his wrists, scarred as they were.
"I stopped by to clean the grave today.
Not that he could remember ever seeing a phone in her hand.
Her tone demanded no argument despite the softly spoken words.
Ten years and she had become a nurse working double shifts at the local hospital and picking him up from alleyways and bar fights.
Despite her motionless and nude state there had been muscles that spasmed uncontrollably.
They never spoke outside of his messes, had no kind words for each other.
Her hand grabbed his face and pushed him back, nearly knocking his head against the heavy wood of the coffee table.
He turned the water bottle in his hands and took a swig.
After all, he had promised his little brother he would take care of her, but had made no promise to her.
The uncle and his family had later moved out of the city, leaving Diana alone.
It burned more than the alcohol had.
He swore as his hand slipped, bruising against the bottle.
Yet when it had come to the act he had been part of so many times with women and girls who were not her, he had not been able to follow through.
Youre only good for --- Images of her pulled into memory and he choked on his words.
He was weary of saying them.
Not that he would have intended to honor it either way.
I'll show you..." He tumbled onto the floor.
Her knee length skirt swayed teasingly across her ochre skin.
It was the only time hed ever seen her drunk.
Her arms wrapped around him, protective and gentle until he couldnt take the kindness anymore and burst into sobs that had been held at bay for too many years.
He never understood how she knew when he was in trouble, or how she appeared at his side so quickly.
Fuck you, he spat, his hitting hand falling to her shoulder to shake her.
With bleary eyes he watched her walk past him, into the kitchen.
Even as he had been slamming his fists into her uncles face he could understand why the brute had done it.
She ignored him as he lay there and began to clean up the infestation of dishes and paraphernalia that had accumulated around the unholy tissues.
He staggered toward her, only to  find himself back on the couch, staring up at the yellowing popcorn ceiling.
The non-reaction depleted his will to start a fight.
He had thought for the first few seconds that she was thinking of Ulric and had summoned him as some sort of twisted replacement.
Not even a glance of acknowledgment.
"Her straightforward answers were something he still couldn't get used to.
And since then...you and I are the only family weve got.
