Wouldnt you say?Refills, ahGod bless America.------------------------ Great thread to read through.
And Rupert contacted you?
Probably a sizable prick.
She was just banged the entire day by a certain certain thawbed individual last Sunday.
But just to be sure, allow me to finalize that transaction in any case.
Was it Will, Will Keith that you talked to from our division?
Well, you know, it is all samesey as you would say right?Fiscal policy reviews and projections.
I only care if my steak is well done and only now is it getting started, just passing bloody.
Well, Lanshire, I am not allowed to proceed until my partner gets here.
A.Testoni Oxford lace-up in caramel calf.
May I just say, that you look absolutely dazzling tonight, Miss?
The wrangling of facts and fictions.
Shall we start with a big mac and some fries?
Prada light turquoise pointy toe pump; devil wears Prada, what else would you expect?An expensive prostitute is still a prostitute.
But pray say, love, we do look out of place, dont we?.
But I could see how men would stuff her vagina full of greenbacks.
But please, I do go by Shelby.
Well, I am going to get a refill of my 7-ups.
I think I do like Englishmen.
My position might be high but I am not THE boss.
How smart she thinks she is.
Silky blonde with a piercing blue pair.
Mid grey wide chalk Spanish merino Henry Poole; he really thinks he is James Bond no less.
The human spirit?We are no different you and I, than him or her.
We are all earning our keeps, arent we?To what do I, representative of the Lloyds Group, owe the pleasure of this stately occasion?What business arrangement, Shelby, are we privy to here in thismagnificent place ofcommerce?
Oh the wrong that is wrought upon his dignity!Greasy!I love it!And I dont just mean my big mac.
My colleague had informed me of the change.
Theres the last minute change of location.
You pulled words right out of my mouth.
Justice?No, I dont care for justice.
Oh and no one would think that I would have the indecency of not getting a copy of their receipts for their expensive tastes, right?It is after all my party.
""Shelby, Catherine Shelby.
Lord, thats a good one!Nothing could beat a woman with a sense of humour.
But no one seemed to understand the price one has to pay.
'Giggle'  Lanshire, Edward Lanshire.
Perhaps they are quite taken by each other just as we have ourselves on this first meeting of ours.
Oh yes, sticking out its tentacles the fear of discovery.
What do you know, another cunt.
A Rotonde De Cartier Astrotourbillon 18 K White Gold, matching brand and price range with our lady friend, a pair made in heaven.
And her, how she froze there for a moment before her brows furled and before launching such a diatribe, about how she is in the service to a certain Emir and how they, whos they?They will pay for this transgression.
Are all of you taking your cues from James Bond or is he indeed the quintessential Englishman?
Dont know how she survived that.
I am just so stressed out.
However I am sure it would be worthy of our times, for a man of my position, no one would want to tug me around for a laugh because I will skin them alive of course.
!Hands up!Hands up!Catherine Shelby!Edward Lanshire!
I am simply a woman of pleasure, watching people; see their eyes lit up at the chance to slip into a character and play it out to their hearts content.
But what is taking our colleagues so long?You know what, do excuse me while I make a phone call.
I hope they learned about risk management.
It was better than I expected.
Charts after charts, drowning in paperwork.
And I have to micro manage below me all of them pricks, oh excuse my language.
Pumped up chest, on the offensive, making it seem as if that he is impatient and offended.
Rest assured, I am banging Miss Griffin and Mr. Clarkson in a threesome tonight, to give them hope, the simmers before I leave them to their own devices.
I am sure it would be morecultural acquisition than anything else.
Agitated I see, good but I like my steak well done and it has not quite passed bloody yet.
A palpable bubble; a space where these two most unfortunate souls are dancing to the tone of a tango of mutual self destruction.
Oh that look, very very wet.
But we gents of the banking industry do represent the best of lots, the real dealon a promise.
Oh and big macs arent bad when consumed in the right situation.
I love your sense of humor and I am glad we are on the intimate first name basis already, oh or should I say last name, Lanshire?
Our Foreign Intelligence service is far less glamorous.
A dark blue white striped dorsilk pocket square.
But they all want the impossible.
These idiots wouldnt be able to distinguish an organized crime outing from a casual business arrangement.
And there goes their little interlude.
I guess my second wave feminist mother could go fuck herself and burn off her eyebrows as she pleases.
I smell cliche, em, the great trade talk.
Perhaps one of these days you could show me London.
But of course this speaks to the nature of our meeting; very important deal that require the utmost discretion.
Never have I imagined that I could be the proverbial fly on the wall.70K per night, not bad a price for a giggle.
I dont know anything about diamonds.
Oh and 18 karats white gold La Doa de Cartier.
I am sure they will show any minute now.
But having your own personal G5 always solves the problem.
There is nothing in the world that pleases me so much as to witness Man go to work and how far up the ladder one is willing to go.
Why shouldnt I ruin your nice Poole.
This is a breath of fresh air, coming here, meeting you, such a beautiful lady, and of course to discuss an important matter that meant the future of our two great companies.
She paid 150K as a donation for the honour of a signature.
Oh how rude of me, here is my card.
We are all earning our keeps after all.
A Savile Row fellow, oh how quaint and bespoke; boring, the vile English.
A well defined Jawline, olive eyes that are the collectors of souls, topped salt and pepper with a classic charming smile.
You see, if you think I will let these two fine human specimen off the hook so easy, to just spend a nice evening at the most obvious contrivance, the Delmonico's, then you are more a fool than I thought you are.
Hm, so, how is the industry here in America?
I am sure that certain thawbed individual would be pleased to getting his stolen diamond parking at 20 million dollars back.
Why didnt she ask for the Queens autograph instead is anyones guess.
Believe me, I was shocked too.
Do you really care?But they assured me of a 100% clean pussy, the cleanest the money could buy.
Atlanta in the middle of June, of course.
Edward Lanshire, Catherine Shelby, you are under arrest for conspiracy to commit fraud!You have the right to remain silent.
But I am surprised you werent informed beforehand of the business details.
She certainly does not lack audacity.
Dior qiviut grey blue A-line with blazer freshly delivered from Paris, Chanel pearl earrings laced with gold, Cornelia James pashmina straight out of Kashmir; get this, she paid an insurer to actually go to Kashmir, witness it being made there before airmailed express to London, packaged and sent to New York with the personal thank you note from Genevieve James.
A Louis Vuitton Croc matte, nothing fancy there.
Wit and placative smile, I could taste the deception; the use of her insecurity in this environment to her advantage: Embarrassment at the tardiness of her partner, playing the victim, the fawn.
B of A, I always liked you bunch.
Mr. Lanshire costed me 100K notwithstanding other undertows, oh my precious pounds of flesh.
If she said 70K per hour, I would have said yes, but what do you think I am?A Savage?A face to die for?No.
Well, well, looks like we got panties in a bunch.
How obedient becomes a man being told to never open the briefcase he is carrying when money is on the line.
