"I say in shock, "It's time to leave.
""I'm sorry, can you repeat that, over?
We look around and see something in the distance.
The body of an old Soviet astronaut lies in front of us.
""It seems like someone beat us here.
""Yeah, we probably should.
"Houston, come in now, over.
However, if landing on the moon was a leap, my stepping here on Mars would be like a plane ride.
Suddenly, my foot hits something and I fall over to the ground.
""You don't have to tell us twice, out.
"Nothings wrong with my eyes.
"I stab it down into the ground."'Murica.
"Mayers turns to look at me and the first thing I notice is his eyes.
The new suits NASA designed for us make it seem like we are still walking on Earth.
Be careful, and be ready to hightail it out of there.
"Houston, we have a problem.
"I turn around but I see Mayers hasn't yet.
I look over at the old Soviet astronaut and he is back on the ground, dead.
"I catch up to where Mayers is standing and we continue on.
We still have to explore some though.
""It's the body of one of the Soviet astronauts.
""I think your laugh at that shitty joke was much better.
"Neil Armstrong once said 'That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
your eyes aren't exactly..normal.
His eyes are black as the night, and it looks like all of his veins turned black as well.
"Don't knock on what Neil Armstrong did.
We probably should check in with Houston.
"In a few minutes, Mayers is at my side and we both stare down in amazement.
I look at Mayers, "Which way?""Forward.
"Mayers starts walking a bit faster towards me.
"HAL, how much more time do we have?
----------------------------------------------------------  Thanks to /u/The_White_Light for explaining they don't actually say "Over and Out," just "Out."
"We sit for a few more minutes and then hear some static.
"I think it would make sense to get on top of one of those hills.
""We decided to explore the area a bit more.
Murray's helmet has shattered.
It's relatively skinny, definitely not a hill and from the distance looks like it isn't natural.
We would like you to approach the object.
We're glad to hear you landed safe.
Why would you think something is wrong.""Erm...
As we get closer, we both stop in amazement.
The hike up it didn't provide much trouble, but I still needed to catch my breath a little bit after it.
"Murray, Mayers, this is James with Houston.
We'll be back in a moment, over.
"Mayers bends down and examines him closer.
"The astronaut has sat up and is staring right at us."Help..."
"Mayers and I start heading back to the ship."Help..."
"Suddenly, I see Mayers fist coming down at me, but I can't cover my mask before it hits it.
"Where are you going, Murray.
I see him grinning wide, and then barely hear "Thanks."
'I'm not one to argue with him.
Beautiful I'd even wager.
Houston, we see something.
It was important, and is what brought us here.
"Wait, there's something we need to do.""What?
We're heading back to the ship.
""1 hour 13 minutes 22 seconds remaining.
"I looked around and all I could see was red.
After I regain my composure, I turn around to see what I tripped over."Uhh...
""What is the issue, Mayers?Over.
We will be able to see more.
"Mayers and I look at each other.
We need an evac immediately.
""That's okay, I'll do it.
"Mayers and I stand up, and begin the journey to the object.
"We slightly change course to a nearby hill.
"What the hell is that?It's definitely not a hill.
Somethings terribly wrong with him.
The glass helmet shatters, and instantly I can't breath."Mayers...
"I head back to the ship and grab the American flag.
"Mayers bends down to me, but I barely recognize it's him because everything is getting so dark.
"Mayers and myself sit down on the hill staring at it.
""I'm not knocking on what he did, just making an observation.
It's a Soviet flag, over.
""Return to the ship, and we'll give more instructions soon.
""That's great news Murray.
Inform Houston of what we've found.
We both stop dead in our tracks, and whirl around.
""I need to get back to the ship.
It's an amazing advancement, and makes this exploration so much better.
"I hightail it back to the ship, or I try to.
When I finally stopped laughing, I was able to choke out "Over.
Mars is something completely different.
""Get out of there, guys.
""Houston, we have touched down.
"I broke out into a laugh at my poor attempt at a joke.
""Wait for instructions, Murray.
It's just a black shade in the distance.
"Houston, there is a problem.
I start to back up slowly."Mayers...
""It's an old Soviet flag here.
"We walk around the flag looking for any other signs of their time here.
""If Houston gets back to us.
Before I know it, Mayers has thrown me to the ground.
"Think we can make it today?
"I look at Mayers, "Head back now, or explore around here a little bit.
"We can't forget this baby.
I bend down and wipe the dust off of the glass cover, but then I recoil in horror.
According to HAL, we should be able to explore for about 3 hours before we need to return to the ship, over.
"What the fuck is wrong with him!?
