"He completed my question.
Holding my hands gingerly into the light streaming in through the doorway, I lose my breath.
"Who are you?Where am I?How did I get here?
The low rumble of the air conditioning clamoring to life startled me awake, and I opened my eyes to darkness.
Too real to be a dream," echoing over and over, endlessly.
The little girl turned and began to gently pull on the shirt of the woman she was holding hands with.
"But--," I began but was immediately interrupted.
With her empty hand, she slowly waved to me.
They had different hair styles and lengths.
I stood there for a moment, and finally my legs gave up on me, and I flopped down into a chair, two seats away from the man--the *me* that had explained it all to me.
Realizing that the woman had not yet stopped to see what the little girl was gesturing toward, I acted quickly and crawled into the theater.
Good fight, though," the man spoke quickly and almost cynically.
She had such a friendly, familiar face.
There was some sort of swirling darkness on the screen.
"I asked every question rapidly, one after another.
"He looked up to me as I began to ask and quickly said, "No, I don't know if it has been exactly 28 billion.
Much larger than any I had ever seen, but the stadium seating and massive screen were unmistakable.
I don't care about how trippy or exciting it was.
A boy that had never faced the deaths of his lifelong friends, or daily aching pains, or over a decade of cancers and chemotherapy.
My illogical and ridiculous feeling was right; my skin no longer resembled that of an old and haggard man.
Everything we know...it's just our best guesses.
Some with disinterest, some smiling broadly, and a few with disgust.
"Here?You've joined the team.
"I almost laughed, but lacked the required saliva and oxygen to do so.
"My face burned with embarrassment as I realized they had seen my *entire* life.
I had somehow missed him sitting in the theater chair as I crept along the floor.
Does that make Buddhism right?Who knows.
And yes, it is weird to find yourself attractive as the opposite sex, so if you find yourself having weird feelings, please keep them to yourself.
"I looked down to find a young man, his head hung low.
The voices, in their muffled murmurs, sounded eerily familiar.
"Those are shorter movies.
I grinned as I remembered how easily I had snuck across the floor, and how difficult it would have been with my old and aching body.
My fingers begin to rub more gently, taking in the smooth texture of my eyelids.
"Also, we sometimes ask questions, but your life was pretty boring.
I glanced around the room I was in and was dismayed to find that, other than the door I was crouched next to, there was nothing but blank, dark walls around me.
I looked around at all the people in the room and finally understood the familiarity of the faces and voices.
It's just what plays while we wait for the next show.
"Building**s**.They blew up two buildings with planes.
I realized that this face must be how mine looked now, with my younger skin.
Something is very, very right.
She asked you if you are embarrassed for touching yourself to that video with the octopodes.
But we were also on the Hindenberg, so I'm still considered boring.
The cancer finally got you.
I step to the door and drop to my knees in front of it.
These were the hands of a strapping, youthful man.
I went down three rows of seating on the cold concrete floor before slowly creeping to my feet.
I looked up at the screen and realized it was not blank.
Everyone laughed once more, and went back to their conversations.
Some spoke different languages.
"My face must have reflected my confusion, as he rolled his eyes and continued."Whatever.
A few voices replied with laughter, and some with groans.
"I reacted, hurt, and he quickly said, "In comparison!Calm down.
When did I live?1976 until 2034.Yes, I died fairly young.
"He thought for a moment.
I'm guessing, based on the film's I've watched in here.
They quickly move downwards to the rest of my face, finding it to be smooth there as well.
"I replied, trying to recall the girl I had dated over 30 years before.
Minus my involvment in 9/11.
"Why did you break up with that Brileen girl?She was hot!
My hands dragged slowly over the thick, itchy carpet beneath me as my eyes struggled to focus onto my surroundings.
The room filled with chuckles.
Her eyebrows raised and she grinned at me.
Where am I?Did I fall asleep like this?In my closet?I rub my temples and slowly try to push myself up into a sitting position.
The one before you murdered a politician....Allegedly.
As I took in the environment, I locked eyes with a young girl of around the age of 5, across the theater from me.
Anyone have any questions?
Dozens of shadowy figures ambled around the room, laughing as they conversed.
And then she pointed in my direction, the little traitor.
My mind was racing so quickly from thought to thought, that I could hardly focus on any one of them enough to complete a full idea.
"28 billion people have been born on Earth *alone*.There's **bound** to be a couple cross overs.
I stared blankly for a minute and another woman sighed before shouting, "He doesn't speak Japanese yet.
Just like we watch everyone's.
You're dead, I'm dead, we're all dead in here.
There was an uncomfortable silence for at least half a minute.
I tried to convince myself to give him a chance to answer a single question, but my pounding heart betrayed me and a dozen more questions poured out.
On the other side of the door, I was shocked to find a movie theater room.
My thoughts had come to a screeching halt.
I looked at all of the people, seeing and hearing the similarities and differences between themselves and myself.
I put my hand onto the middle of the door softly, and grit my teeth.
He looked up to me and my breath was gone with all of my logical thinking.
Her brows furrowed as she stared at me.
I tried to speak, but my dry throat only released unintelligible croaks.
This is a new experience...but enjoy it.
I was looking into my own face.
"He rolled his eyes again, angrily.
How long has it been since I've been able to do that in less than 2 minutes?Something's wrong with me.
Yes, the turn of the century was *insane.
A soft laugh of pure joy rolled out of me as I realized that the teeth I was clenching were actually my own, and not the dentures I had grown accustomed to.
Yes, i lived over a hundred years before you.
Yes, I have your same face.
"But there are women and children here!How could there be women?I was a girl in other lives?Yeah.
I leaned forward and held my breath, but could not make out any words.
The face was mine from when I was a young man.
"But there's so many," I whispered, surprised to be allowed to finish a sentence uninterrupted.
"And the--," I began, but was once again interrupted.
Who put it there?Who knows.
*"What's happening?What is this place?Who are these people?!
They had different body shapes.
All that was in my mind were the words, "Must be a dream.
His laugh triggered something very familiar in my mind.
