I slammed my body onto the floor, not a second too soon.
"You've got 23 hours in Neverland, officer," Peter grinned.
Come on, miss, give me the gun, he pleaded softly.
I could almost feel my breath on his face.
My hands searched my holster, only to find it empty.
Desperately, I looked for an exit, but Peter's goons loomed all around me.
"Pathetic," he spat at the puddle."Weak.
There was a bang like a thousand balloons being popped and the officer sunk forward on bended knees as if praising the one who had brought about his death.
There was nothing to be afraid of, not with twenty armed officers behind me.
I want to hear it from him.
Itll be like were playing Soldiers and Pirates.
Something that wasnt quite right.
Peter struck him across the face with a sound like crisp gunfire.
Her face brightened and she beamed with the kind of joy a child has at Christmas.
Below it all were the screams and the meaty *thwack* of bullets hitting flesh.
This time, my legs took me exactly where I wanted to go.
Peter, oblivious, was rustling through his pockets.
The sound was incredible, slamming into my ears from all sides.
They all looked tough and battle hardened, covered in the scars and muscles of much older men.
You *really* want to know?
And you might want to duck.
I had expected to see that cold hatred back on his face, but this was almost worse.
He wore a cocky grin that radiated confidence and maybe something more.
Gunshots rang through the air.
Peter recovered surprisingly fast.
I could hardly believe where the voice was coming from.
You will not speak unless spoken to, he hissed.
A boy, maybe thirteen years old at the latest, leveled a gun at my chest.
Peter was so shocked that he didnt have time to react; I slammed into him and forced him onto the ground, taking the gun and backing away immediately.
Youll be the first to get the Dust tomorrow.
Then, his face abruptly shifted back into its cocky grin.
The phrase *caught red-handed* echoed through my mind.
There was a silence ten times more terrifying than the gunfire.
His smile turned sweet, full of tender worship.
Immediately his face turned into that of a demons, brimming with a hatred boy his age should never have had.
He turned to the girl next to him.
The girl let out a gasping sob; her eyes filled with tears.
His eyes closed, then flew open, eyeballs sinking into his skull, melting into a liquid blackness that first swallowed up his face, then his shoulders and arms and everything of him until he was nothing but a puddle on the floor.
The nerve of this kid!To attack a police officer right inside of the precinct!I almost wanted to laugh out loud.
Tink is what dreams are made of.
Peter stepped closer to the gun.
She steals our lives away.
"You see, officer, that is what happens to people after they've had their first hit of the Dust.
Peter giggled and clapped his bloody hands.
Oh, its not for me, the leader, whose name I figured was Peter, answered.
And promptly slammed right into one of Peters goons.
"His face darkened again.
He knelt down in front of her at eye level, his face open and accepting.
* He was sweating, his face gaunt and shallow as if he hadn't eaten for days.
"As I watched, I saw a darkness grow over Davies' face.
He stepped even closer, until the barrel sat between his eyes.
Her eyes were wide, huge like shining white pearls.
More out of place was the little girl standing in a white cotton nightgown behind the leader, tugging on his shirt.
And takes us to Neverland.
Maybe ten other kids stood behind him.
Gathering all my strength and praying to whatever God exists in this miserable fucked up world where children could kill, I sprung to my feet.
He was completely unafraid, I could see it in his eyes.
If anything, it had grown.
You *reeeeallly* want to know?
As for the rest of you, Peter continued, casually taking the gun, The shows over.
"I need more Dust, you little shit!I need it NOW!
But I didnt want to spend one more second on top of that murderer.
I saw the fires of hell in his eyes, but I kept the gun steady.
You wont hear anything from me, I snarled, and leapt again.
Will you take me to Tink now?
I unfroze from my fear and drew my gun.
I had *my* shadow exiled long ago.
I didnt want to lose a hand, but now it seemed as if I didnt have a choice.
I swung around, and there was Peter, his jaunty smile unchanged.
Now, just wait a second, the officer next to me said.
I tore the bag from my head, coughing out the powder, but it was too late.
If they don't get their next one in the next 24 hours, they're swallowed by their shadow.
He pulled out an old-fashioned timepiece and pushed in its top.
Tell me, Peter began, cocking the gun under his chin in a gesture reminiscent of *The Thinker.
His eyes were shining with fear; not for himself, I somehow knew, but for the girl in front of him.
"The traitor officer was back again, Davies, I think his name was?He hefted his own gun towards Peter's head.
"Then, he turned to stare piercingly into my eyes.
"I doubt you'll be that strong," he murmured.
"Oh, I'm sorry, friend," Peter simpered.
Five feet into open fire.
I screamed, my body thrumming with warning.
Yes, that was stupid, and I should have shot him right there.
I looked up and was surprised to see one of my boys in blue sauntering up the kid, all smiles and meekness.
I looked behind me, and sure enough, my guys were all armed and ready to take this suicidal delinquent into custody.
A light ticking filled the room.
*I need to get help*, I thought.
Before you do something you regret.
His hand touched his shirt and flopped to his side, covered in blood.
My gun was kicked from my hand.
A million thoughts raced through my head, each one wild and desperate from the last.
"A kid, even buffer and beefier than the rest, stomped forward, an innocent paper bag in his hand.
You wont be using it anytime soon.
Put that thing down, kid, I said, almost lazily.
That he is, boss, said a voice from the opposite side of the room.
For the last few seconds, I had been standing in quiet shock.
"Crocodile, will you do the honors?
His clothes were covered in blood and gore.
Do we have to do it this way, Peter?
Behind her the boys slowly began to clap, bringing their hands together faster and faster until the room was filled with its crescendo.
With no pretense, he shoved it over my face, covering me with powder.
