If you yield to reason, you will be governed by reason another time."
"If we were to accept a lamb from a rich neighbour on my estate," said he, "I am afraid we should mortify many of our poor tenants, who can have little to offer, though, perhaps, they may bear us thorough good-will notwithstanding."
Whenever his master wanted to send a messenger anywhere, Gilbert (for that was the servant's name) always employed his little friend Edmund, whom, upon further acquaintance, he liked better and better.
"White, and like glass," said the man, and went on working whilst Jem looked very carefully over the heap of rubbish for a great while.
Struck with this circumstance, it brought to his mind all that had passed the preceding evening, and being sure that he had no wax near the key, he began to suspect what had happened; and he could not help recollecting what he had once heard Felix say, that "give him but a halfpenny worth of wax, and he could open the strongest lock that ever was made by hands."
Pomfret," said she, opening the housekeeper's room door, "have you a bit of paper?"
He went with his sister directly to his grandmother, showed her the guinea, and told her how they came by it.
There's no sugar in this, child.
The next morning Piedro was conveyed to prison; and as he passed through the streets of Naples he was met by several of those who had known him when he was a child.
At last, torn and terrified, he got through the hedge and ran home, despising his companions for their selfishness.
"Want!--nothing--with YOU," said the old woman; "do you want nothing with ME?"
I know I'm of no consequence.
But now Jem's mistress called to her through the window, begging her to stop, and joining in his entreaties to know how she came by the silver penny.
Nay, why do you decamp, Mrs. Talbot?
Tarlton leaned back against the wall with a black countenance.
Miss Talbot, I give you joy.
cried Corkscrew, changing his tone; "then, sir, I can't take you to the play."
"We don't want the money--keep it, keep it--you want it for your father."
"Well then, I'll go just now and ask her.
A Dining room in the Inn at Salt Hill.
