"Ah believe yo' are right again, Brer Otter," said he.
"He has no business catching _our_ fish!"
"I don't care whether you believe it or not; it's true," he retorted.
"I guess some one else was hungry too," he muttered.
"If I didn't know that nobody else comes fishing here, I should think that somebody had been here this very morning and caught all the fish or else frightened them so that they are all in hiding," said he, as he trudged on to the next little pool.
"If I whistle," thought he, "everybody will know just where I am, and will keep out of sight, and I never can get acquainted with folks if they keep out of sight."
"If he is so afraid of me, I guess I needn't be afraid of him," said he.
"Let me see, let me see, what is there to tempt my appetite?"
"Thank you," replied Buster, and his eyes twinkled more than ever.
"That's a splendid idea!"
"Um-m-m, my, my, but these are good!"
"Yes, Sir, I'm going fishing.
"You take my advice, Little Joe Otter," continued Grandfather Frog, "and always make friends with those who are bigger and stronger and smarter than you are.
After that he yawned until it seemed as if his jaws would crack, and then sat down to think what he wanted for breakfast.
And all the time he flew about among the trees near the edge of the Green Forest as if so excited that he couldn't keep still.
And now he was making his way through the Green Forest to the Laughing Brook, sure that by the time he had followed it down to the Smiling Pool he would have a fine lot of trout to take home.
And the worst part of it all was that all his neighbors of the Green Forest and a whole lot from the Green Meadows and the Smiling Pool were also there to see it.
And where do you think he was, in the Old Pasture?
And while he was wondering, he ate it all up.
At least, Little Joe did.
Billy sometimes catches more fish than he can eat, but then he usually hides them.
Buster clawed at that awful thing on his head more frantically than ever.
Buster sat down and scratched his head.
But he didn't, and so he suddenly made up his mind that he didn't want to fish any more that day.
But it was the biggest footprint Farmer Brown's boy ever had seen, and it looked as if it had been made only a few minutes before.
But who wouldn't be in a rage if his breakfast was taken from him just as he was about to eat it?
Everybody grinned, for Blacky has played so many sharp tricks that no one is really his friend unless it is that other mischief-maker, Sammy Jay, who, you know, is Blacky's cousin.
Farmer Brown's boy took the two pails of milk into the house, then out he came and started straight for the Green Forest.
For a minute or two everybody forgot about Buster Bear.
He heard Chatterer the Red Squirrel scolding as fast as he could make his tongue go and working himself into a terrible rage.
He heard the sweet voices of happy little singers, and they were good to hear.
He just _had_ to know what it was all about.
He just chomped them all up together and patted his stomach from sheer delight.
He screamed harder and louder than ever, until his voice grew so hoarse he couldn't scream any more, but Farmer Brown's boy kept right on to the barn.
He threw up his head to listen, and somehow, he never did know just how, the handle of the pail slipped back over his ears and caught there.
He tried to back out of the pail and couldn't.
He tried to pull it off, but somehow he couldn't get hold of it.
He was just climbing up the bank with the fat trout in his mouth.
He was so curious to know what it all meant that he couldn't wait another minute.
I can eat all I want and get back to the Green Forest before there is any danger that Farmer Brown's boy or any one else I'm afraid of will see me.
I hope we'll go fishing together often."
I would just waste my time.
I wouldn't mind if I had it myself."
I'll eat you all up to the last hair on your tail!"
If only he had chosen a tree near enough to other trees for him to jump across!
In fact, he didn't want that pail at all.
It helped him keep his balance and keep from turning over and over.
It moved very swiftly and silently, as if in a great hurry.
It seemed to Buster as if everybody who lives in the Green Forest, on the Green Meadows, or around the Smiling Brook, was sitting around his hiding place, laughing and making fun of him.
It seemed to Little Joe that he never would come.
It seemed to him that never in all his life had he wanted berries as he did now.
It was a bad beginning for a beautiful day and Little Joe knew it.
It was very exciting, the most exciting thing they could remember.
It would be a favor to me which Ah cert'nly would appreciate," said Unc' Billy Possum when he heard the news.
Little Joe Otter had his way too much.
Little Joe darted over to the log and looked on the other side.
Makes my mouth water just to think of it.
Mr. and Mrs. Redwing were there, and Blacky the Crow was sitting in the Big Hickory-tree.
Now Buster Bear had lived by himself in the Great Woods so long that this habit of talking to himself had grown and grown.
Now to have all his neighbors of the Green Forest see him in such a fix and make fun of him, was more than he could stand.
Of course, Chatterer the Red Squirrel and Happy Jack the Gray Squirrel were there.
On another lily-pad sat Spotty the Turtle.
On the bank on one side of the Smiling Pool were Peter Rabbit, Jumper the Hare, Danny Meadow Mouse, Johnny Chuck, Jimmy Skunk, Unc' Billy Possum, Striped Chipmunk and Old Mr. Toad.
Raspberries, blackberries, or blueberries, either kind, will make him perfectly happy.
Reddy doubted because he didn't want to believe.
Sammy's cousin, Blacky the Crow, just happened to be flying along the edge of the Old Pasture, and the minute he heard Sammy's voice, he turned and flew over to see what it was all about.
So at the same time Farmer Brown's boy started for the Green Forest, this other listener started towards the place where Blacky and Sammy were making such a racket.
Somehow, he didn't feel like meeting Buster Bear.
Spite and selfishness were at the bottom of it.
Suppose you had a secret, a real secret, something that nobody else knew and that you didn't want anybody else to know.
Sure enough, Peter Rabbit was there on one side of the Smiling Pool, making faces at Reddy Fox, who was on the other side, which, of course, was not at all nice of Peter.
That's just what I'll do.
Then he hid near by, where he could watch.
There they all sat in a great circle around him, each where he felt safe, but where he could see, and every one of them laughing and making fun of Buster.
Whenever they met one another, all they could talk about was the smartness and the greatness of Buster Bear.
Why, right in the middle of the biggest patch of the biggest blueberries he ever had seen in all his life!
X BUSTER BEAR BECOMES A HERO The news that Little Joe Otter told at the Smiling Pool,--how Farmer Brown's boy had run away from Buster Bear without even seeing him,--soon spread all over the Green Meadows and through the Green Forest, until every one who lives there knew about it.
You see Little Joe and Billy Mink had had all the fishing in the Laughing Brook to themselves so long that they thought no one else had any right to fish there.
said Buster in his deep, grumbly-rumbly voice.
