10:1 And the king Ahasuerus laid a tribute upon the land, and upon the isles of the sea.
10:13 There hath no temptation taken you but such as is common to man: but God is faithful, who will not suffer you to be tempted above that ye are able; but will with the temptation also make a way to escape, that ye may be able to bear it.
10:28 Then Peter began to say unto him, Lo, we have left all, and have followed thee.
11:1 And it came to pass, when Jesus had made an end of commanding his twelve disciples, he departed thence to teach and to preach in their cities.
11:14 For they that say such things declare plainly that they seek a country.
12:23 The life is more than meat, and the body is more than raiment.
12:9 Wherefore hast thou despised the commandment of the LORD, to do evil in his sight?
13:14 And the LORD said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the place where thou art northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward: 13:15 For all the land which thou seest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed for ever.
13:4 The soul of the sluggard desireth, and hath nothing: but the soul of the diligent shall be made fat.
14:46 Moreover he that goeth into the house all the while that it is shut up shall be unclean until the even.
14:9 And the woman of Tekoah said unto the king, My lord, O king, the iniquity be on me, and on my father's house: and the king and his throne be guiltless.
15:16 Fear and dread shall fall upon them; by the greatness of thine arm they shall be as still as a stone; till thy people pass over, O LORD, till the people pass over, which thou hast purchased.
15:18 And he did that which was evil in the sight of the LORD: he departed not all his days from the sins of Jeroboam the son of Nebat, who made Israel to sin.
17:39 But the LORD your God ye shall fear; and he shall deliver you out of the hand of all your enemies.
17:8 Then came Amalek, and fought with Israel in Rephidim.
18:14 Then answered the five men that went to spy out the country of Laish, and said unto their brethren, Do ye know that there is in these houses an ephod, and teraphim, and a graven image, and a molten image?
18:28 Then Rabshakeh stood and cried with a loud voice in the Jews' language, and spake, saying, Hear the word of the great king, the king of Assyria: 18:29 Thus saith the king, Let not Hezekiah deceive you: for he shall not be able to deliver you out of his hand: 18:30 Neither let Hezekiah make you trust in the LORD, saying, The LORD will surely deliver us, and this city shall not be delivered into the hand of the king of Assyria.
18:33 And the LORD went his way, as soon as he had left communing with Abraham: and Abraham returned unto his place.
19:4 But he himself went a day's journey into the wilderness, and came and sat down under a juniper tree: and he requested for himself that he might die; and said, It is enough; now, O LORD, take away my life; for I am not better than my fathers.
19:9 A false witness shall not be unpunished, and he that speaketh lies shall perish.
1:18 Now the birth of Jesus Christ was on this wise: When as his mother Mary was espoused to Joseph, before they came together, she was found with child of the Holy Ghost.
1:32 And king David said, Call me Zadok the priest, and Nathan the prophet, and Benaiah the son of Jehoiada.
1:6 Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them.
20:25 And he said unto them, Render therefore unto Caesar the things which be Caesar's, and unto God the things which be God's.
20:42 And ye shall know that I am the LORD, when I shall bring you into the land of Israel, into the country for the which I lifted up mine hand to give it to your fathers.
21:35 And if one man's ox hurt another's, that he die; then they shall sell the live ox, and divide the money of it; and the dead ox also they shall divide.
22:10 And Balaam said unto God, Balak the son of Zippor, king of Moab, hath sent unto me, saying, 22:11 Behold, there is a people come out of Egypt, which covereth the face of the earth: come now, curse me them; peradventure I shall be able to overcome them, and drive them out.
22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come.
22:3 And Abraham rose up early in the morning, and saddled his ass, and took two of his young men with him, and Isaac his son, and clave the wood for the burnt offering, and rose up, and went unto the place of which God had told him.
22:5 And Jehoshaphat said unto the king of Israel, Enquire, I pray thee, at the word of the LORD to day.
22:9 They shall therefore keep mine ordinance, lest they bear sin for it, and die therefore, if they profane it: I the LORD do sanctify them.
23:13 And the high places that were before Jerusalem, which were on the right hand of the mount of corruption, which Solomon the king of Israel had builded for Ashtoreth the abomination of the Zidonians, and for Chemosh the abomination of the Moabites, and for Milcom the abomination of the children of Ammon, did the king defile.
26:2 The length of one curtain shall be eight and twenty cubits, and the breadth of one curtain four cubits: and every one of the curtains shall have one measure.
26:9 Why hast thou prophesied in the name of the LORD, saying, This house shall be like Shiloh, and this city shall be desolate without an inhabitant?
29:11 The LORD will give strength unto his people; the LORD will bless his people with peace.
2:23 And he said unto them, Why do ye such things?
31:12 And the LORD spake unto Moses, saying, 31:13 Speak thou also unto the children of Israel, saying, Verily my sabbaths ye shall keep: for it is a sign between me and you throughout your generations; that ye may know that I am the LORD that doth sanctify you.
36:33 And he made the middle bar to shoot through the boards from the one end to the other.
37:14 The wicked have drawn out the sword, and have bent their bow, to cast down the poor and needy, and to slay such as be of upright conversation.
3:19 But Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias his brother Philip's wife, and for all the evils which Herod had done, 3:20 Added yet this above all, that he shut up John in prison.
3:2 Many there be which say of my soul, There is no help for him in God.
41:27 He esteemeth iron as straw, and brass as rotten wood.
46:12 The nations have heard of thy shame, and thy cry hath filled the land: for the mighty man hath stumbled against the mighty, and they are fallen both together.
46:14 And the sons of Zebulun; Sered, and Elon, and Jahleel.
48:15 I, even I, have spoken; yea, I have called him: I have brought him, and he shall make his way prosperous.
49:18 Lift up thine eyes round about, and behold: all these gather themselves together, and come to thee.
4:1 Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer.
4:12 And the LORD spake unto you out of the midst of the fire: ye heard the voice of the words, but saw no similitude; only ye heard a voice.
4:2 I thought it good to shew the signs and wonders that the high God hath wrought toward me.
4:7 Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, and knoweth God.
55:14 We took sweet counsel together, and walked unto the house of God in company.
5:14 Nevertheless death reigned from Adam to Moses, even over them that had not sinned after the similitude of Adam's transgression, who is the figure of him that was to come.
5:4 The LORD talked with you face to face in the mount out of the midst of the fire, 5:5 (I stood between the LORD and you at that time, to shew you the word of the LORD: for ye were afraid by reason of the fire, and went not up into the mount;) saying, 5:6 I am the LORD thy God, which brought thee out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage.
60:10 And the sons of strangers shall build up thy walls, and their kings shall minister unto thee: for in my wrath I smote thee, but in my favour have I had mercy on thee.
6:16 And it came to pass at the seventh time, when the priests blew with the trumpets, Joshua said unto the people, Shout; for the LORD hath given you the city.
6:4 For I brought thee up out of the land of Egypt, and redeemed thee out of the house of servants; and I sent before thee Moses, Aaron, and Miriam.
6:8 Gilead is a city of them that work iniquity, and is polluted with blood.
6:9 For they all made us afraid, saying, Their hands shall be weakened from the work, that it be not done.
73:13 Verily I have cleansed my heart in vain, and washed my hands in innocency.
77:2 In the day of my trouble I sought the Lord: my sore ran in the night, and ceased not: my soul refused to be comforted.
78:9 The children of Ephraim, being armed, and carrying bows, turned back in the day of battle.
7:12 And the Midianites and the Amalekites and all the children of the east lay along in the valley like grasshoppers for multitude; and their camels were without number, as the sand by the sea side for multitude.
7:24 That which is far off, and exceeding deep, who can find it out?
7:33 And the work of the wheels was like the work of a chariot wheel: their axletrees, and their naves, and their felloes, and their spokes, were all molten.
7:6 For at the window of my house I looked through my casement, 7:7 And beheld among the simple ones, I discerned among the youths, a young man void of understanding, 7:8 Passing through the street near her corner; and he went the way to her house, 7:9 In the twilight, in the evening, in the black and dark night: 7:10 And, behold, there met him a woman with the attire of an harlot, and subtil of heart.
7:9 But if they cannot contain, let them marry: for it is better to marry than to burn.
8:12 And he took about five thousand men, and set them to lie in ambush between Bethel and Ai, on the west side of the city.
8:17 And when Jesus knew it, he saith unto them, Why reason ye, because ye have no bread?
8:17 For indeed he accepted the exhortation; but being more forward, of his own accord he went unto you.
8:20 Behold, God will not cast away a perfect man, neither will he help the evil doers: 8:21 Till he fill thy mouth with laughing, and thy lips with rejoicing.
8:3 And another angel came and stood at the altar, having a golden censer; and there was given unto him much incense, that he should offer it with the prayers of all saints upon the golden altar which was before the throne.
8:9 But take heed lest by any means this liberty of your's become a stumblingblock to them that are weak.
94:4 How long shall they utter and speak hard things?
97:11 Light is sown for the righteous, and gladness for the upright in heart.
9:7 Happy are thy men, and happy are these thy servants, which stand continually before thee, and hear thy wisdom.
And Ziba said unto the king, Behold, he is in the house of Machir, the son of Ammiel, in Lodebar.
And she answered, I am indeed a widow woman, and mine husband is dead.
If it seem good unto thee to come with me into Babylon, come; and I will look well unto thee: but if it seem ill unto thee to come with me into Babylon, forbear: behold, all the land is before thee: whither it seemeth good and convenient for thee to go, thither go.
Micah 1:1 The word of the LORD that came to Micah the Morasthite in the days of Jotham, Ahaz, and Hezekiah, kings of Judah, which he saw concerning Samaria and Jerusalem.
Surely this also is vanity and vexation of spirit.
Whom therefore ye ignorantly worship, him declare I unto you.
a day for a man to afflict his soul?
for my lord taketh away from me the stewardship: I cannot dig; to beg I am ashamed.
