"And, father, how can I love you Or any of my brothers more?
"I am set to light the ground, While the beetle goes his round: Follow now the beetle's hum; Little wanderer, hie thee home!"
"I happy am, Joy is my name."
"Lost in desert wild Is your little child.
"No, no, let us play, for it is yet day, And we cannot go to sleep; Besides, in the sky the little birds fly, And the hills are all covered with sheep."
"O Earth, O Earth, return!
"Piper, sit thee down and write In a book, that all may read."
"Well, well, go and play till the light fades away, And then go home to bed."
A POISON TREE I was angry with my friend: I told my wrath, my wrath did end.
AH SUNFLOWER Ah Sunflower, weary of time, Who countest the steps of the sun; Seeking after that sweet golden clime Where the traveller's journey is done; Where the Youth pined away with desire, And the pale virgin shrouded in snow, Arise from their graves, and aspire Where my Sunflower wishes to go!
All creation slept and smiled.
Am not I A fly like thee?
And it bears the fruit of Deceit, Ruddy and sweet to eat, And the raven his nest has made In its thickest shade.
And mutual fear brings Peace, Till the selfish loves increase Then Cruelty knits a snare, And spreads his baits with care.
And not sit both night and day, Wiping all our tears away?
And says; Thou mother of my children, I have loved thee And I have given thee a crown that none can take away.
And there the lion's ruddy eyes Shall flow with tears of gold: And pitying the tender cries, And walking round the fold: Saying: "Wrath by His meekness, And, by His health, sickness, Are driven away From our immortal day.
Bird's delight, Day and night, Nightingale, In the dale, Lark in sky,-- Merrily, Merrily merrily, to welcome in the year.
But, if at the Church they would give us some ale, And a pleasant fire our souls to regale, We'd sing and we'd pray all the livelong day, Nor ever once wish from the Church to stray.
But, if they rush dreadful, The angels, most heedful, Receive each mild spirit, New worlds to inherit.
Come forth worm and the silent valley, to thy pensive queen.
Cruel, jealous, selfish fear!
Did he who made the lamb make thee?
For Mercy has a human heart Pity, a human face; And Love, the human form divine; And Peace, the human dress.
From the morn to the evening he stays; He shall follow his sheep all the day, And his tongue shall be filled with praise.
Giving to those that cannot crave, the voiceless, the o'er tired The breath doth nourish the innocent lamb, he smells the milky garments He crops thy flowers while thou sittest smiling in his face, Wiping his mild and meekin mouth from all contagious taints.
HOLY THURSDAY 'Twas on a Holy Thursday, their innocent faces clean, Came children walking two and two, in read, and blue, and green: Grey-headed beadles walked before, with wands as white as snow, Till into the high dome of Paul's they like Thames waters flow.
How can a child, when fears annoy, But droop his tender wing, And forget his youthful spring?
How can the bird that is born for joy Sit in a cage and sing?
I knew not this, and therefore did I weep: That God would love a Worm I knew, and punish the evil foot That wilful bruis'd its helpless form: but that he cherish'd it With milk and oil I never knew, and therefore did I weep, And I complaind in the mild air, because I fade away.
I love you like the little bird That picks up crumbs around the door."
I pass away, yet I complain, and no one hears my voice.
I see thee like an infant wrapped in the Lillys leaf; Ah weep not little voice, thou can'st not speak, but thou can'st weep: Is this a Worm?
I went to the Garden of Love, And saw what I never had seen; A Chapel was built in the midst, Where I used to play on the green.
In the age of gold, Free from winter's cold, Youth and maiden bright, To the holy light, Naked in the sunny beams delight.
Is that trembling cry a song?
LAUGHING SONG When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it; when the meadows laugh with lively green, And the grasshopper laughs in the merry scene, When Mary and Susan and Emily With their sweet round mouths sing "Ha, ha he!"
Lives not alone nor or itself: fear not and I will call, The weak worm from its lowly bed, and thou shalt hear its voice.
NOTE:  Though written and engraved by Blake, "A DIVINE IMAGE" was never included in the SONGS OF INNOCENCE AND OF EXPERIENCE.
Night is worn, And the morn Rises from the slumbrous mass.
Nothing remains; O maid I tell thee, when I pass away.
Now they look abroad to see, Now return and weep for me."
ON ANOTHER'S SORROW Can I see another's woe, And not be in sorrow too?
Oh He gives to us his joy, That our grief He may destroy: Till our grief is fled an gone He doth sit by us and moan.
Or Love in a golden bowl?
Or an Eye of gifts & graces showring fruits & coined gold!
Or the glistening Eye to the poison of a smile!
Or wilt thou go ask the Mole: Can Wisdom be put in a silver rod?
Pale through pathless ways The fancied image strays, Famished, weeping, weak, With hollow piteous shriek.
Pitying, I dropped a tear: But I saw a glow-worm near, Who replied, "What wailing wight Calls the watchman of the night?
Round the laps of their mothers Many sisters and brothers, Like birds in their nest, Are ready for rest, And sport no more seen On the darkening green.
Selfish, vain, Eternal bane, That free love with bondage bound."
Seven summers old Lovely Lyca told.
She ceasd & smild in tears, then sat down in her silver shrine.
Sleeping Lyca lay While the beasts of prey, Come from caverns deep, Viewed the maid asleep.
Soon spreads the dismal shade Of Mystery over his head, And the caterpillar and fly Feed on the Mystery.
Sweet Sleep, with soft down Weave thy brows an infant crown Sweet Sleep, angel mild, Hover o'er my happy child!
Sweet dreams of pleasant streams By happy, silent, moony beams!
Sweet smiles, mother's smile, All the livelong night beguile.
THE ANGEL I dreamt a dream!
THE BLOSSOM Merry, merry sparrow!
THE LILY The modest Rose puts forth a thorn, The humble sheep a threat'ning horn: While the Lily white shall in love delight, Nor a thorn nor a threat stain her beauty bright.
THE SCHOOLBOY I love to rise on a summer morn, When birds are singing on every tree; The distant huntsman winds his horn, And the skylark sings with me: Oh what sweet company!
The Virgin started from her seat, & with a shriek, Fled back unhinderd till she came into the vales of Har
Thel answerd, O thou little virgin of the peaceful valley.
There's little Tom Dacre, who cried when his head, That curled like a lamb's back, was shaved; so I said, "Hush, Tom!
They look upon his eyes, Filled with deep surprise; And wondering behold A spirit armed in gold.
To fade away like morning beauty from her mortal day: Down by the river of Adona her soft voice is heard; And thus her gentle lamentation falls like morning dew.
Turning back was vain: Soon his heavy mane Bore them to the ground, Then he stalked around, Smelling to his prey; But their fears allay When he licks their hands, And silent by them stands.
When the stars threw down their spears, And watered heaven with their tears, Did he smile his work to see?
When wolves and tigers howl for prey, They pitying stand and weep; Seeking to drive their thirst away, And keep them from the sheep.
Where Mercy, Love, and Pity dwell, There God is dwelling too.
Which thou dost scatter on every little blade of grass that springs Revives the milked cow, & tames the fire-breathing steed.
Why an Ear, a whirlpool fierce to draw creations in?
Why should the mistress of the vales of Har, utter a sigh.
come hither And see the opening morn, Image of Truth new-born.
gentle may I lay me down and gentle rest my head.
