''I've never heard anything like it, but somehow it made me forget about all the mistakes I had made in my life.
A few made it past his bullets and ran towards us to attack.
All Aboard, the conductor said as the train doors opened.
Are you some kind of God?
Could I change it?Could I survive the withdrawals this time?I have tried to quit countless times but withdrawals are worse than death itself.
Did you say were not in my world?
He has got to stop doing that.
He is going to give me a heart attack.
He is what I would imagine having been the last gunslinger from the old west.
He said as he started reloading his guns.
He spun in all directions hitting anything that moved close enough to see in the firelight.
He stared down at me and in a deep gravelly voice said Lets go and started walking across the endless desert.
His face looked like a mask with eyes as dark as coal.
How much longer do we have?I asked.
I asked but The Gunslinger ignored my question.
I asked finally sitting down to rest my legs, In the middle of the desert?Isnt there a hotel or at least a tent we can sleep in?
I asked looking out across the desert seeing nothing but what looked like the same cactus and boulder up ahead I had seen many times before.
I could see the train coming up in the distance and a wave of pure happiness overtook me.
I could wake up and be alive again?
I followed the gunslinger.
I have always hated spiders and I was happy to see this giant spider demon dead.
I held my torch out and swung it at the demon causing it to back up briefly.
I laid down and quickly fell asleep.
I lied, the same lie I have told my ex-wife many times before.
I looked closer and the demon looked like a giant diseased spider, larger than most dogs.
I stood next to The Gunslinger as the train to pull into the station.
I stood on the platform and saw the train was filled with my loved ones who had already passed on.
I stood their useless watching them approach.
I swear we passed the same cactus and boulder a dozen times.
I walked this path alone when I first died and I make sure nobody else has to.
I was just happy to have survived their attack.
I wasnt always like this.
I would still be married to my wife.
I would still get to see my kids every day.
If one small thing could have been different.
If the doctor would have weaned me off instead of cutting me off cold turkey, I never would have had to buy pills on the street.
If things had been a little different who knows what could have been.
In silence we kept walking the sandy desert in the scorching hot sun.
Is that where the song is coming from?
It is, The Gunslinger said.
It will be okay](https://www.
It will be okay](https://www.
It will be okay](https://www.
Life isnt for everyone partner.
Maybe when I wake up Ill be back in bed and this weird dream will be over.
My eyes finally adjusted to the pitch black darkness; I could see sets of red eyes watching us from every direction.
My job was to get you here.
Roland, The Gunslinger said.
Suddenly everything felt real.
Thank you for everything, I said to the Man in Black.
That aint no life at all.
Thats enough palaver for tonight.
The Gunslinger moved back closer to the fire and unleashed hell with his guns taking out one after the other.
The Gunslinger reloaded his guns and yelled Make a torch using the fire.
The darkness finally started to give way to sunlight and the demons disappeared into the desert.
The ghost train leaves with or without you, he said.
The gunshots and fire should keep them back, but if they decide to attack there isnt much we can do.
The hole I dug myself in was just too deep to climb out of.
The man was dressed in black, wearing a black trenchcoat and a black cowboy hat.
The small hesitation was enough for The Gunslinger to blow their head off splashing their green blood and guts all over me.
The song never fails to bring happiness to my face.
The train doors opened and I was overcome with pure joy.
Then I never would have bought heroin.
This aint no Disney movie kid.
This world has demons and youre lucky I found you before they did.
Those things last night, the demons, I began to ask.
Time to get moving,  the man in black said.
We got a train to catch, He said.
We shook hands then he turned and walked away back and I stepped onto the train.
We took a few minutes to rest and collect ourselves.
We walked for what felt like days.
Well camp here for the night.
Were not in your world anymore, son.
What you do now is up to you.
When I heard the lyrics a calmness started to pass over me.
When I opened my eyes, I was no longer on my bed but laying in the desert sand.
Where the fuck am I?I looked all around and saw nothing but sun and sand in all directions.
com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.
com/watch?v=spMsCBc4jPU&feature=youtu.
said the man in black who was now sitting on the sand cleaning his guns.
