Dude, Galmroh said, awe in his voice.
So if we make a string of bad investments, even when we lose, we make money, just not as much.
Make those bastards pay for what they took ten times over.
There were a trillion stars above me and I knew that around one of them, on one planet, was a girl with wild grassy eyes still clutching her grandpas hand.
I just wanted to make you happy.
Jeff Kingsley yelped and his gun clattered onto the ground.
So once again, I entertain him.
If not a strange name, then certainly a strange title.
We are dirt beneath his feet.
""The others are approaching.
Bet you cant beat me, Galmroh said, his chest inflating with pride.
it asked under its breath.
Their deaths werent tragic.
She couldnt even tell who screamed it.
It was wrapped in cheap paper.
If this was still a prank, it was far more elaborate than anything he'd ever experienced.
Victory was always so bittersweet.
I love you too, I told them all and I closed my eyes.
And in his sleep, his breaths had become labored and his smile dropped.
If Tyler were to write his story, he wouldnt know whether to make this man the villain or the hero.
The players nodded with him.
Tears filled my eyes as I flew back home.
He sat in idle traffic for fifteen minutes and though the necromancer pressed him for actions, he simply waited through it.
He wore a navy blue suit without a single crinkle.
The edge of Pennywises lips curled into a daggers point.
The winner of this game will dictate the future of our race.
At one point in time, they had all been me.
the voice from the communicator shouted.
I guess youve never heard the word restraint?
So, Im here to babysit you?
I had an annual tradition of bringing my grandkids to their grave so I could take another shot of whiskey with my father and give my mother lilies as gold as her hair.
A single life in a single point of time meant nothing to them.
At least he killed someone before his trip ended.
Mikey, the fact that Master Splinter has to keep telling you about it is proof enough that you dont get it, Donatello growled.
I was the reason Angie came home with timid steps and snuck off to her room without saying hi.
An extended holiday weekend meant I had five days before it got here and in that time, I had to hit number one.
He had pink sunglasses and blonde hair with frosted tips.
"How are we holding up against the Fire-Takers?
Looking back, I wonder if we were as foolish as the *Angels*.We, who were content with dying in our little blazes of glory, having accomplished nothing but thinning their ranks by just a bit.
He walked into the living room just in case and dialed the number.
There, George stood, the gun rigid in his hand.
First of all, I still have a few good years left.
She had a suspicion what this was about.
Only problem is that I only have one and truthfully, this was going to be your antidote.
Her legs moved on their own, pistoning her forward away from the creatures.
And he snapped his finger.
It crept from shadow to shadow, watching this scene unfold.
The worlds greatest hero now working on some memory altering production line.
Five days out of the week except for holidays and paid time off, the government stocked him here.
He grabbed a die and tossed them onto the table.
Im really not comfortable with this.
This is this This is real, he finally finished.
It wont hurt, he tells me.
Thanks, I said, but Aaron wasnt the giving type.
He didnt remember a time before his beer belly and faded eyes, yet here he was, chiseled.
Violence, hate, war, disease, inequality, the world needed a fresh start.
She had certainly done her research.
So we gave them what they wanted.
Nobody mentioned it, nor the sinking feeling in their stomach.
She nodded and put pen to paper.---  We are about to unleash the deadliest weapon humanity has ever conceived.
The barbarian warlord lowered himself back into his chair.
Anthony put up a finger to protest.
Fiction or not, it was the most real thing I had ever done.---  --- for 5+ stories weekly and ~200 stories already written!
If you decline my offer, I will drop you off back home and we will never speak again.
Have him swallow that and hell be fine in seconds.
"She had always hated that title--commander.
The spot he chose was out of the way.
My next reincarnation was a baby with deep blue eyes and pink skin named George.
Me, I believed it a promise.
Its feet sloshed through the water, the sound of its steps bouncing off the moss-infested stone walls.
She says that she knows how hard you work and how much you care, even if you refuse to say.
Your wife brings out another set of suitcases.
Lightning struck where we pointed, tornados formed where we stood, the ground swallowed up entire cities as we willed it.
I was never meant to live, he told himself and us.
With every passing step, though they walked toward the sun, the shadows encroached and the air became a bit more brittle.
These were the ones that still remembered the pain of watching their daughters, wives, and mothers die.
It wasnt fear exactly, they were *unsettled*.It felt as if a single voice or jerky movement would tear apart the fragile peace and unleash something upon them.
I made a fist as the soft patter of her footsteps disappeared down the hall.
Okay!Okay!You guys arent free.
And virginitys not the problem!I just dont want sacrifices.
I assure you, Agent Romanov, her boss, Agent Kingsley, said.
If Sarah had to guess, a frat boy had wandered drunkenly into the wrong building and somehow past the maximum level of US security clearance to arrive here still looking for a spot to piss in.
She dashed through Derry, Maines underground labyrinth, leaving behind only her screams.
To be fair, I injected the kill pill long before you so this ones not entirely your fault.
A tight black skirt hugged her figure.
I mean, your trip was totally lame, but your next onell be better.
She had more pressing matters to attend to, such as Georges mother, whose heart rate was steadily growing out of control and her breathing stuttered.
Well, of course all deaths are tragic, especially deaths of parents.
Okay, Sarah said, Should I wait here?
You step up to the door and open it, the necromancer said.
You are already of twenty-six earth years age.
The first thing you see are your wifes suitcase, already packed.
He pressed his lips together and stared at Michelle, humanity's commander, the last bastion of their old world, his friend.
Instead, Jeff just rolled across the ground, his face purple as he began choking.
Arana, the high priestess of the dark elves and one of the few who dared openly talk against Orglord raised her brow.
Money didn't grow from trees and even if it did, she was too short and him too blind to reach it.
Our Master has demanded so.
But I found you on Facebook and pointed at you and said thats the one.
These new aliens, they wanted our earth.
So you were one of those people that escaped?
