It's simple really: make a good product and don't piss off your customers and they'll do the advertising for you.
A man with golden hair yelled out "Za Warudo!
Tracking him was difficult, but it was all worth it in the end.
She screamed, and a bunch of tough-looking guys approached me.
I was free at last!Or so I thought, until it began to happen 10 years later.
In the time spent following him, I saw some truly bizarre shit.
I braced myself for the murder that was going to unfold in front of my eyes in mere seconds.
But most importantly of all, my boss gave me a 5% pay raise with a free package of Oreos.
Our factories were now shelters for the common folk.
My own body froze, and probably for a good reason: the man casually stuck a knife through someone's neck.
What a bitch!Not only did she ignore me, but she completely over-reacted with such a delayed response.
########## The first time the incident occurred I was in a busy mall.
I used this chance to flee.
It would only last a few seconds each time, but that was enough for me to collide with someone.
The next to fall was an old man who could create this weird purple vine.
But sadly he was no match for this man.
I braced myself for the first punch, but his fist stopped mid-swing.
Resolving bad experiences evolved into preventing them from happening in the first place.
As time began to move again, he flew backwards from the impact.
Even though I had finally met my tormentor, I felt such an immense pressure emanating from this man.
Perplexed, I noticed that EVERYTHING had stopped in that moment.
Most importantly, our products were still being consumed by the masses.
He was full of hope, optimism, and most importantly charisma.
Then 2020 hit and even I couldn't have predicted the massive Civil War that broke out.
Seeing my "quick" movements, everyone backed away.
If he saw me move in stopped time, I was dead.
I made damn sure that I did my job.
He was the first president to be unanimously elected to office.
He credited Oreo for giving him hope in this wasteland of our country.
Instead I had to watch in horror and hope they could figure it out on their own.
That didn't stop the kid from trying though.
"Time will begin to move again", he proudly proclaimed.
Foreign powers were blamed and soon the entire world crumbled into chaos; minus one company that is.
You would think that moving through stopped time would be cool, but I soon realized that I had no control over it.
The best product in the world will fail if it has a bad image.
But what of the young politician?He continued to receive his package of cookies and creme every month on the dot.
And with that, he went on with his business as if nothing had happened.
Even though I had finally met my tormentor, I felt such an immense pressure emanating from this man.
I quickly used my advantage to retaliate and back away.
He killed the man!Or so I thought.
A moment later she fell forward.
Super easy to enter, and all recipient names were hidden.
Seeing my "quick" movements, everyone backed away.
It would only last a few seconds each time, but that was enough for me to collide with someone.
As time began to move again, he flew backwards from the impact.
I couldn't risk my life for these people.
Oh boy, I was in for a fight.
I looked into every employee's background and then some.
A man with golden hair yelled out "Za Warudo!
He hired our staff to run his campaign in the settlements across America's ruins.
My own body froze, and probably for a good reason: the man casually stuck a knife through someone's neck.
That man was finally dead.
I had to follow this man to stay out of his line of sight at all times.
I soon made it my mission to find out who was doing this to me.
Our social media offered advice on how to stay safe in the post-apocalyptic world.
Then we ran the promotion.
It started pretty normally, but I wanted to make absolutely sure that nothing spoiled our good name.
There was no way for me to set the pedal back to normal if I pressed too hard, so I could easily speed up if I wasn't paying attention.
This man was extremely dangerous, but I couldn't let him notice me.
Eventually some foreigners confronted him, but there was nothing I could do.
I couldn't risk my life for these people.
Worse yet was if I was driving.
"Time will begin to move again", he proudly proclaimed.
Some contest where the winner would receive a package of Oreos every month for the rest of their life.
Quick media buzz for a month or so, then a lifetime of word-of-mouth for one "lucky" individual.
That way "Hitler" wouldn't be receiving our endorsement anytime soon.
The fight was so ridiculous that it ended with the two punching their way through a fucking road roller!wtf, where did that come from?But the kid did it, and my hell was over.
Perplexed, I noticed that EVERYTHING had stopped in that moment.
Apparently the golden-haired man couldn't physically touch him, so he precisely threw a knife at his throat.
She screamed, and a bunch of tough-looking guys approached me.
Multiple employees were let go before the police received anonymous, credible reports of hard evidence detailing a wide variety of crimes.
As I grieved for the death of the old man, his apparent grandson received the critical knowledge of that man's ability.
What the general public doesn't know is that I get to decide who wins, and I'll make it whoever will give us the most long-term advertising use.
Our suppliers were unscathed by the war and now 100% dedicated to Nabisco.
There was no way for me to set the pedal back to normal if I pressed too hard, so I could easily speed up if I wasn't paying attention.
Eventually some foreigners confronted him, but there was nothing I could do.
I made damn sure that "Oreo" and "Pedophile" were never in the same headline.
It started with maintaining our social media accounts.
Oh boy, I was in for a fight.
I bumped into the person in front of me and apologized, but I got no response.
His background was squeaky clean and he didn't seem likely to be corrupted by power or money.
I couldn't exactly comprehend it, but apparently he is immortal.
Sadly, a few of them lost their lives in that process.
I don't know all the details, but the result was Nuclear warheads detonating within our border.
And with that, he went on with his business as if nothing had happened.
I had to resist the urge to puke.
What a bitch!Not only did she ignore me, but she completely over-reacted with such a delayed response.
The following battle was too crazy to fully explain.
A moment later she fell forward.
Nabisco hired me to make sure Oreos stayed the family-friendly cookie that they've been for the past few decades.
He even handed out Oreos to cancer-ridden children on the verge of death.
My search finally led me to Egypt, where I saw it.
I watched knowing that it was useless for him to keep fighting (or at least the man thought so).However there was a glimmer of hope!The kid moved in stopped time!It seems like the first twitch was a trick with a magnet, but the sucker-punch was no illusion.
If he saw me move in stopped time, I was dead.
I picked a young politician.
This man was extremely dangerous, but I couldn't let him notice me.
he first time the incident occurred I was in a busy mall.
First a high school student who could manifest this green webbing of some sort thought he had cornered him.
Worse yet was if I was driving.
I used this chance to flee.
