"The Curator turned away from her and disappeared into the horizon of tomes, without sound, without breath, without emotion.
She took hold of the knob.
But something else is going on here, and I want to know what.
A large part of her wanted to sit and spend eons going over what could have been.
"In here, you are your mind.
The book felt warm to the touch, like a friendly embrace.
"Bullshit," Melissa said.
She couldn't actually smell anything.
The book *felt* warm in her mind, but when she took her fingertips and ran them across the red, she could feel no texture or pressure.
""What would be the point?
"The Curator of Eons paused, considering.
Was she even breathing?She stopped and tried, and her lungs seemed to work, but she couldn't feel any air enter.
She remembered feeling where bones had broken and ended up in the wrong places.
Gravity only seemed to work where people wanted it to work.
There were stars in the distance, but she wasn't looking at the real night's sky.
She stared at the plain, wordless cover.
But she didn't know why she was *here*, in this vast, open-sky library.
She still couldn't feel any pressure, or smell anything, or breathe anything.
It felt older, more ancient than when she first saw it.
I want to talk to people.
Are you ready to choose?"
"That is...disappointing.
The Curator gestured around her.
"The Curator turned to walk away."Why?
She had a vague, blurry memory of seeing bright lights and blue gloves.
And then there was black.
"The Curator nodded in a way that made her unsure she had made the right decision.
There were no corners that she could find, not even along the edges of the table and chairs.
"We're on our way to your nook of the universe," the Curator said, in a deep, satisfying voice.
After passing untold numbers of books and peoples, at last they found an empty bench.
Melissa leaped back down to the hall at the bottom of a great chasm of pages.
The Curator of Eons led Melissa down the hall.
"The Curator of Eons chuckled with a genuine twist, and replied "Paperback, hardcover, newspaper, tablet, memo... What you see in front of you is your preferred form of accepting information.
"This is the book of your life," the Curator began.
She called out to the first person she saw, an old man with a beard wild enough to give her grandpa a run for his money.
"Then it's time you turned that knob.
If he heard her calls, he ignored them as he turned pages.
Her sense memory filled her nose with the scent of a hundred-year-old bookstore, even though she could actually smell nothing.
The great hall led down a staircase.
She put her worn, red paperback down and started back the way she came.
But if they did, they moved so slowly that she couldn't be sure they just weren't shimmering back and forth like little white fireflies.
In a flash, she wondered if *that* decision would end up in the book.
"You're as real as you want yourself to be," The Curator said.
Melissa grumbled and sat cross-legged on an oaken table.
She twisted her wrist and pulled it open with a fluid motion.
"I really wish you would read, Melissa," The Curator's voice said to her from a few paces behind.
Both she and the Curator ascended great stairways and turned corners and passed through oaken doors on their way to...
"she added before the Curator could speak up."Then... "
All the stars were wrong.
Maybe the Curator just sensed it.
The Curator's legs moved as if he walked, but his step was oddly motionless, like a dream.
The Curator of Eons halted.
The top corner curled backwards, and she could see the hint of the faintest yellow on the first page.
A door in front of her opened.
Her smile certainly looked real enough.
"I don't regret leaping out of that plane.
Melissa tried climbing the bookshelves to get to them, but they were always further away than they appeared.
He gestured to the metal door.
She thought about her last moments.
For a few hesitant moments, Melissa watched as his hand raised.
"Every book within your reach contains every possible outcome of your life, from your earliest memory to your last," The Curator explained.
She sat in one and examined the room further.
Melissa looked at the door again.
She kept her eye on the stars for a while, and maybe they were moving.
So did the family beside her, and the young man above them.
Short, carpeted stairways led to endless little nooks, where men, women, and children sat with each other and read.
She admitted to herself that maybe that's just the way things were, here in the afterworld.
"Melissa didn't argue, and continued to follow.
Melissa moved on to a young woman not far from him.
There was no sense in arguing.
"Melissa disagreed that she preferred paperback, but let the issue drop.
The walls, floors, and ceilings were lined with books of every aged color.
the Curator paused, choosing words carefully.
She never lost her balance, and when she stopped, she was not out of breath.
There was a sleek metal table with two chairs in front of her.
She landed on her feet this time.
"Melissa was left alone with the red paperback in her hand.
Her hand went to open it, and a feeling of soothing kinship washed over her, like she were sitting down with an old friend.
It was also taller and heavier.
Unlike the Curator, she had a stride that was more human-like.
Read, and learn your possible fates.
She felt like she had been scolded, and she prepared herself to stand firm.
"None of this is real," she muttered.
It was as long as she could see, and the man beside her gave a sense of comfort and awe.
"Melissa said with a blunt edge.
The spine was already suffering from intense creasing and scuffing.
It's not like she was in a rush to get anywhere; a "waste of time" was literally not a thing anymore.
"Read to your heart's content, and learn all your possible paths.
She walked carefully, then sprinted down steps three or four at a time.
"So you do not wish to read?You do not wish to learn all your possible outcomes?
She did not remember any pain.
Only it wasn't quite empty.
The room she stood in wasn't all black, though.
A woman with red hair walked in.
Something about how the Curator said "last" made Melissa feel uncomfortable.
When you are done, we will move on.
She looked at all the books around her, and ran her hands across them, too.
No Big Dipper, no Orion's Belt, nothing familiar at all.
"What comes next for you might not be ...optimal.
But that wasn't a satisfactory answer.
