So, I need to pour my mind onto the canvas, Adolf said and made another series of quick strokes.
From up here, you couldnt even see the lowest levels of the capital, and the sewers where Id grown up.
Death tightened his skeletal knuckles around the grip of the scythe.
He cleared his throat, fixed his tie, and ran a comb through his hair."Well?
Do I look like a flivver chauff?
The man nodded nervously.
she asked, looking expectantly at my umbrella.
"Until my return...Ignorance is in charge!
A sudden creak of metal sends a shiver down my back and my heart into overdrive.
The place that had previously said Europe now had big capital letters spelling GERMANY.
Why dont you start by sitting down for a moment, Sweetheart?
"What am I supposed to do?I can spread diseases all day, but nobody freaking dies from them anymore!They have a cure for everything these days.
A snowflake is one of Natures most beautiful creations, he said.
I spun the revolver around my finger and placed it back in the holster.
Id hired her as soon as I found out that well, I was an *empress*.I let out a giggle.
First you need to understand.
What the hell Bob mumbled and grabbed his history book.
Buy your own drinks, Roman said, yawning.
The crown looked like the ribbon on a present wrapping and doodled in strings of mercury down my black hair.
Her dark hair covers her face, and for a moment I'm worried that she's dead.
Death mumbled."Facebook...
Roman leaned back, regarding her with an amused look.
The ruined cities of a world flushed down the drain.
"Wasn't it enough that you set this world on fire, huh?
Uh-huh, I muttered and started lighting a new cig.
He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his chest pocket.
You look like a criminal, she said briskly.
He'd hoped for an easy harvest.
"I am speaking to you for the first time as your Empress.
Modern scholars have placed Hitler among iconic conquerors such as Alexander the Great and Genghis Khan, and named him The Artist of Warfare.
Son of a bitternut grifter  Id have to pay a visit to Masperoni after this.
"Whats our closest galaxy?
Carefully, I pulled out my roscoe, opening the reserve box  two slugs ought to be enough.
Be that way, she thought and spun the wheel on her glove again.
"Right now, Im your best friend, and I have years of experience in..."  She kept talking, but I zoned out and paced over to the balcony.
A quick reaping of the world.
Just give me a little more time... it will happen!
She landed in a pub buzzing with activity, colorful bottles lined the wall behind the bar and yellow light radiated through heaps of stacked cups.
You have more obligations now than ever.
Disgusted, I started wriggling into the skintight outfit of polytryazic silver.
The alley was like any other in this godforsaken city  windowless, filled with garbage containers, and with graffiti like old fading tattoos.
The loud echoes climbed the walls.
For a moment, I watch her sleep.
Gods no, she said and finally got up.
A counter on the screen started ticking down.
"I trust you've all taken great strides to pave my way?
A man in a black suit and hat sat alone in a booth, swiveling cubes of ice in what undoubtedly was a glass of scotch.
They had no idea what it's like to salivate into a dry mouth at the mere thought the parcel in the back of my satchel.
Zigzagging through a graveyard of rusting cars, jumping across the yawning fissures in the ground.
Ignorance looked up again, and this time pointed at himself, looking like a big question mark.
She didnt have time to answer before another cry rang out from across the street.
My few possessions, lost.
She's scared of everything, and rightfully so.
The bleak dawn climbs up over the horizon.
They say that time heals all wounds, but those prophets of the old knew little of the carcass we now call Earth.
It wasnt right that there were clothes more expensive than cities.
Careful deliberation is the key to a great painting, Bob continued.
Twitter... Instagram... and all you do is post memes and cat pictures?
*** r/Lilwa_Dexel ########## Cries of help bounced up the dirty concrete walls and through the rusty fire escapes.
"Youre actually going to?
""I just have one word for you.
Swallowing my breath, I tiptoe through the filth, my eyes searching through the corners.
That she's finally given up.
She was a green one  some upper-class bim, lost on the wrong side of the train tracks.
"I heard Inorai gasp behind me as I broke script.
"I've really tried!But these blasted nuclear weapons just sit there... creating this... this... abomination called a 'cold war.
"Wait, there's more," Death rumbled."Huh...
They knew nothing of the roaring trucks of the meat farmers and the shrieks of their shackled slaves.
"I let my words hang in the air for a while for effect, just as Ive practiced.
"*** r/Lilwa_Dexel ########## The windswept waste calls out to me at night, weeping and howling like a hungry beast.
Her smile is the only thing that keeps me sane.
Women in long dresses and updos danced to the live tunes of a jazz band, while the bartender idly polished the counter.
""Yes"  She handed me the tablet, and it showed a hand imprint.
In the December dusk, the bubbles of light around the street lamps, whirling with specks of sparkling ice crystals, looked like oversized snow globes.
Unharmed by the rain, it whips to and fro, trying to grasp anything, catching the shoulder band of my satchel.
In the back of my mind, I know it's a lost cause.
Well start by conquering The Milky Way, and from there on, the rest of the universe.
Thanks, she mumbled and crouched down, strapping her shoe back on, and then started to pick up the items that had fallen out of her bag.
Even through the smell of my cigarette, I caught a whiff of her expensive perfume.
Maam, step away from the wallet.
"Death tapped on the phone.
If I remember correctly, back in the 16th century   Yeah, yeah, I couldnt handle the corsets, whatever, she said, rolling her eyes.
Covering my mouth, I force the coughing fit back down my throat again.
Reluctantly, he turned to his youngest brother.
""Right, great!I, uh, okay.
If your strokes are too fast and too many, your heart wont be able to keep up.
Fine, she said, with a resigned sigh.
""A global conflict is knocking on the door," War said, lifting her helmet and shaking out her fiery locks.
I made an ugly grimace at my reflection who didnt seem very pleased at seeing me either.
"Inorai threw up her hands in frustration.
"*** If you liked this, you can find more of my stories over at r/Lilwa_Dexel ########## Okay, here we go, June said, spinning the wheels on her mechanical glove, which sent her on a dizzying ride through space and time.
I placed my palm on it and felt a sting on the tip of my index finger as it scanned my print and took my DNA key.
I took a drag, shrugged, and then shifted a couple of feet toward her, covering her from the rain.
"Death said, turning to the others.
The dark locks fall to the side, revealing her hollow cheeks, streaked by tears and lined by misery.
"Famine cried in frustration.
"Who are all these people?
Come on, Roman, June said.
Why did I marry you back in the Antiques, I simply dont see it, June said.
I used to tell myself that it was my duty to deliver them to her -- she did win the golden ticket -- but over the years I've come to realize that I do it as much for me as I do it for her.
