No one would be able to pinpoint the exact moment they knew things had gone wrong, but in the decades of failed launches and space expeditions, the low orbit of Earth was a minefield of debris that the humans were in the process of cleaning up.
There's little time to accomplish what I must do.
*  *Part of me is something...else.
*He doesn't know why he does it.
A human galaxy.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  r/storiesfromapotato ########## *Where am I?
The nurse does so, hopefully this'll help stop the bleeding.
Not bad for a peasant boy from Bohemia.
But no one can kill a vampire like another vampire, and usually over a pint of blood.
When they decided intelligence and stamina could let them dominate they planet, their species grew and consumed and destroyed and slaughtered and flourished.
Sitting in a little girl's chair.
It shakes its tendrils around its head in mock acceptance.
All the council races could do was pray, and fight for as long as they could.
With our upgrades, you should be able to craft spacecraft that are capable of faster than light travel."Excellent.
Richardson, we've taken great pains to find you.
I don't need blood anymore.
It's outgoing, not incoming.
Soon they would pour across the Milky Way, consuming all in their path.
That's the problem with being this old.
"I'll do it," I hear myself saying.
When these men pull the trigger, it fires.
Most of the time it could be trusted.
Then the world becomes an Eden, a paradise of green and blue and health.
The boom of artillery can be heard, with a few patients jump with the sound.
The blood, the blood, the blood.
Accidental in the way a man takes out a life insurance policy on his soon to be dead partner.
"She speaks without really considering what I may have to say on the subject.
Those without access to care, those without access to food or shelter.
When you hold the knife the world becomes very, very small, and a vision jerks you into the atmosphere, so far away you can see almost every inch of the earth bathed in flame.
*Newfound immortality can sometimes make you lose sight of consequences.
The words roll lazily, bouncing through a dry desert air.
*When a soul enters me,* it would speak softly, drowning out every thought and part of you, *I send them here.
In almost every war and conflict, saving who I can, preventing infections before the humans truly understood what was going on.
A little pile of Japanese steel that glinted and sparkled, despite the day being entirely overcast.
Maybe if I just bite my pride and do the job, they'll leave me alone.
So long ago, giving him water, shelter and care.
*The man tells her this thing.
*  *So that's interesting.
Do you remember the ridiculous methods?The crushed emeralds and the balancing of humors and all that ridiculous nonsense that probably killed more than it could possibly save?Keep them alive, keep the blood inside.
""I suppose it does," I say, twirling a pen in my right hand.
They always ask for your very special expertise, and it's never about humans.
"I believe my translator made an error," it says.
A no bullshit kind of lady.
She smiles at me, motioning for me to follow the men beside her.
"I do have another question, human.
The man who'd been unlucky enough to get caught in sniper alley moans softer now, though that may be the morphine kicking in.
He was some kook who refused to leave his house since basically the 1940s, whittling away his father's fortune in a refusal to interact with the rest of the world.
It called to me that day as it does now.
""And they asked us to save them?
*  "I think you know what I'm going to ask you, Mr. Richardson.
*You can make the man change for the better.
""Shall we upload the schematics now?""Yes.
The father tells the daughter.
Nearly a dozen ships shocked into low orbit, only to be rendered full of holes and partially damaged.
*BZZZZZZZZZZ*  A notification from my cybernetic implant."Mr.
"I'm not easy to find," I say, the dust clotting my throat.
Hell, they never expected their android servants to begin resisting and destroying their own creators.
Some of these animals were no threat to the overall limit; there could only be so many dogs and cats and elephants and monkeys.
"It salivates slightly, and something wet and heavy drips onto the floor.
*  "Well, now I do, I think.
An important distinction, but here was a planet capable of sapping most of the galactic population limit.
Both small, cramped and cold.
* the man thinks, looking at the blade lying limp in the dead man's hand.
"So the primary reason for this exchange is technological, I take it?
The monsters that stalk the shadows and drain the blood of virgins, if you believe the church.
Some of the time it couldn't.
She's been speaking, but I haven't been listening.
Pretty deep in the uncanny valley, I'd say.
They killed, they loved, they laughed, they plotted, the helped, they prayed, they raged, they envied, they shared and they lived.
At least my voice is normal.
Fool me twice?Well that just makes you a sucker.
""Daddy says I killed her.
*It's him,* the man thinks to himself, inspecting the corpse he has just made.
"Bit of a sad story, but still, it's just curiosity.
Sometimes you get those random flashes from the past, looking at those infected wounds.
Frozen to the ground, unable to move or speak or scream, I wait for the void.
A bustle of activity, of locked doors and hurried calls.
Promising of a world torn apart by fire, divine and nuclear, all encompassing and devastating our planet.
Their grudges thousands of years old, built on a million and one arbitrary differences that confounded and terrified the humans.
Perhaps if the galactic council had sought to control the amount of sapient life forms, the humans would have left them in peace.
Though they'll never beat the classic killers, the ones who ride moonbeams and sail through the night, slipping into rooms and draining men and women dry.
Humans seemed to enjoy pattern recognition, and to enhance galactic cohesion most systems were designed to be easily replicated and understood across species.
Except humans weren't prone to sharing.
It matters little, I will come for her when the time is right.
Nature cares little for second chances.
In the next instant, they relax.
An ugly, hoarse and hopeless thing.
Not one of the monsters that hunt and kill with no sense of remorse, humanity's light long burned out.
That is the law of nature.
Humans, were quite the different story.
*What the hell is that, what do you even call it?
"A small voice, heavily accented timidly wafts over the moans and groans of dying men and women.
Some kind of sense of normalcy?A golden key to a life I've never had?I cut her off before she can work on her false attempts at convincing.
Never enough lives saved.
Taking a seat, we exchange pleasantries.
I do what I can now, to make up for what I did so long ago.
And there's always profit to be found in the most unlikely of places.
*  Elementary school security officer one, psychotic serial killer zero.
The aliens will build our designs, and be quite surprised when we activate the backdoor and turn their systems against them.
Dedicate hundreds of years to it, but it's never enough.
A meat crayon on a back road somewhere.
