"And that's when he punched me.
I'll admit, it wasn't my proudest moment.
We need to try some out of the box thinking here.
But it sounds like I'm just certifiably crazy.
"Well Jerry, finders-keepers, am I right?You can apply it toward your bill, or just pocket it.
Again, I almost gave up on the whole thing, which in hindsight, I should have.
"But have you really got anything to lose?
""Or rebellion," Penny observed.
"Penny nodded, seeming to think his words over.
""It might," she said, standing to show Roger out.
As the door clicked shut, the hardwood floor of the office was instantly replaced with muddy grass.
"In fact, I'd never let it go if someone stole from me.
Just the kind of day to finally drop that nasty habit.
It's better than being alone.
But during long, trying mornings, like the one Sam was having, he snuck out behind the building to have a quick smoke.
She seemed to recoil slightly as he came and stood next to her.
Not that I found this out immediately.
Avoiding your hallucinations doesn't seem to be working.
Sam went to work, where he endured more constant chastisement for his 'bad habit.
I hoped that this new cocktail of drugs was going to do the trick too.
Liz lifted her gaze from the grave, and her tear filled eyes met Roger's.
Oker stepped over to me and took the bill from my hand.
The two of them were quiet again.
A small head popped up over the seat in front of him, looking Sam straight in the eye.
It took my mind off the strange circumstances I was in.
The paint was peeling, and most of the windows were still boarded up.
'He couldn't smoke at work, that had been outlawed long ago.
I was working as at a bank, and a pretty strange guy came in to open an account.
*Maybe today should be the day*, Sam thought.
"*****  You can read my other prompt responses, including some continuations of prompt responses, over at   EDIT: As a thank you for the gold, I've added a
He made it just as the bus arrived.
I watched as he dramatically heaved an enormous lever.
She was still staring at him, but now her expression turned to confusion.
"Why do you want to kill yourself Mr.
"Sam slumped his shoulders, then took another drag.
I figured a guy with this much cash wouldn't miss it.
Same as smoking in bars, restaurants, parks, open spaces, and, ultimately, anywhere that wasn't a personal residence.
One I didn't recognize at first.
"A ten dollar bill," I said.
Save your breath, and don't bother trying to refer me to someone else.
I just like to relax with a cigarette sometimes," Sam answered.
"Don't worry about it," she continued.
Sam moved quickly to hide his cigarette.
My voice echoed around the warehouse a bit.
I'm sure you've earned it.
Those that weren't were covered in a thick layer of grime that made it impossible to see inside.
Sam climbed out of bed, and shut the clock off.
You probably know the type.
Liz looked at him, and smiled.
Sam was letting out a deep breath of smoke when one of his co-workers stepped out.
Her honesty was refreshing.
But I guess this means I'm still crazy," she said.
Things have been a little tight around the home front with a new baby, so I'm feeling strapped.
"I leapt at the chance to start talking professionally.
""I'm sorry Mr. Oker, I..."  "Please, call me Joker.
Plops it down on my desk and has me set it all up for him.
I was doing auditing work for a different company by this time, and was supposed to go inspect a warehouse for an important client.
She let a small laugh escape her lips.
A preacher of some kind stood in front of the grave, droning on in the bored tone of a man who wasn't getting paid enough to eulogize a man he didn't care about.
Maybe some connection to the real version of her will help you move on from your subconscious' obsession with her.
I started to turn to leave when an answer finally came.
Do you know what self-righteous means?
Your case *is* baffling to me, but I enjoy the challenge.
Conveyor belts had been put in, and there were toys in various states of construction spread throughout."Hello?
"I have to be honest with you Roger, your case is baffling to me.
Figured no one else would be out here on account of, well, you.
I pulled against the ropes, but couldn't get free.
"It just happened again two weeks ago.
"He chuckled again, before continuing.
The two of them stood there wordlessly while the preacher finished his ceremony.
It was Penny who broke the silence again.
"Just getting some fresh air.
Overly loud to cover his insecurities, laughs obnoxiously at his own jokes, weird clothes.
They'll save your life," the clock radio blared.
""Oh, shrinkage you say!"Mr.
Sam groaned into his pillow.
It's right around then my stomach starts growling at me and I remember I left my lunch at home.
"Most of us already know you sneak out here sometimes.
"Here's where we keep the raw materials, Jerry.
So I'll be giving you the tour.
I'm not hurting anybody, no matter what everyone claims, and I'm not supporting terrorism.
He snapped his laptop shut, and lit up a cigarette out of spite.
You'd better take it."Mr.
After a couple minutes of silence, Penny spoke.
If I found out someone had taken my money, why, I might buy a warehouse for a fake toy company, and lure the thief there, then strap him to the conveyor belts and run him through the machines.
No, it was two years later.
""No, sir," I said with a nervous laugh.
"The mother picked the little girl up, and moved to another seat, glaring at Sam.
One of the leading causes of those businesses going under is shrinkage, either at the till or in the inventory.
Roger looked at her, studying her expression.
I'm just smoking a cigarette.
I spun around and looked for the source of the voice, but didn't see anyone.
It helps me relax, so I'm going to keep doing it until it's not worth it.
"So are you here to tell me to quit too?
No lights were coming out of this massive, old building.
"But some self-righteous people really think that it's their job to tell me how to live.
*  The alarm clock kicked on again, this time with a perfectly timed ad for Just Quit gum, flavored with Sam's favorite cherry flavoring.
The preacher turned on heel, and left them standing by the open grave.
Halfway through the cigarette, Sam checked his watch.
Oker gave in to another fit of laughter.
