Then, she slowly slid open the curtain and peeked outside, expecting the worst.
"I forgave that you drank the damn thing yourself.
The boy was far too adept at climbing the ladder to be anyone else.
"*   James Hook hid himself in the shadows, careful not to let himself show.
He couldn't be certain, but the lanky hooded figure walking up to the building looked suspiciously similar in build to the information he'd been given.
"You're threatening the mother of your future child?
Slowly at first, just a couple messages.
"Sir, please--"   "I mean it, Hook, drop the case.
Did you know the horror that caused?Gunshot wounds in stasis, people who should have bled out, dear lord, the number of newspapers I had to forcefully recall.
With a frown, she glanced at the messages that were popping up quickly, one after another.
***  below!I write more fantasy at r/AlannaWu!
You don't know how *angry* Fred was with me when I told him he couldn't take your soul and had to explain why.
"he yelled, then followed her out like a puppy dog chasing after its owner.
He moved closer, edging behind a car on the street.
""Sir, with all due respect, this isn't the first person who's made this accusation.
She simply stood there, waiting for him to get down.
It's a full moon tonight.
"I told them not to send the messages, but it was too late when I noticed the typo--I'm going to kill Erin by the way--and everyone has such quick reflexes-"   Linda simply laughed and cut him off, throwing herself into his arms.
Lucifer narrowed his kohl-rimmed eyes at her.
He'd never found who did it.
His claws sheathed themselves, and he touched Kassidy's arm, turning her around.
He had no way of knowing whether Carly's tipoff would be accurate or not--that was really the risk that you took when trusting a homeless person for a source--but he had to give it a shot.
The liquid evaporated almost immediately upon contact with the air.
"A frisson of fear ran down her spine.
He glanced down at her, then ducked into the basket.
"You really expect the police to send resources over to investigate this kind of...madcap accusation made by a homeless person?
He would get revenge on Erin tomorrow, he vowed, his face dark.
He shot as many photos as he could of the boy climbing down before dipping down and sitting with his back to the car, clutching the camera to his chest, his heart pounding.
He threw a temper tantrum for three days straight, trained Cerberus to basically revolt against me, and then quit his job for a whole week.
"And I know you gave her that serum you concocted," he hissed.
Regardless, as long as he kept careful watch on the building's outside, he would be able to spot them.
It was his only clue right now to where Pan might show up next.216 Never Way Apt #207.He looked at the address once more before crinkling the slip of paper in his pocket.
There had to be one good one in there.
He turned his head to face a boy with blonde hair and beautiful, elegant features in a green hoodie.
"He opened the fridge and pulled out the vial with swirling amber liquid, smashing it against the floor.
"Half my minions are still on holiday because of the overtime.
Perhaps a killer clown or a ghost.
After a minute, the messages slowed down.
*****   r/AlannaWu ########## ######[](#dropcap)  The man swirled into Kassidy's lab, his black cape flowing behind him.
"Jordan froze for a moment before he hugged her tight, lifting her up and spinning her around in the air.
"He paced around the table.
Work friends, she thought.
"Curtis Walsh, the captain of the precinct, clasped his hands together and sat back in his chair.
And I am upholding my part of the deal splendidly well.
He'd forgotten to turn off flash.
*****   is here, based off the prompt response that was generated from this story, haha.
Living until you're 120 years old is quite a feat.
"Before he realized what he was doing, Lucifer unsheathed his claws, and they hovered inches from her face.
He snapped a couple more pictures.
Then Hook felt the world fade to black.
The last time Lucifer had paid her a visit, he'd stayed for three days and three nights.
I'm really sorry for you, and I tried to find the culprit.
Slowly, she reached out a hand and flicked off the lamp on her desk so that her room became pitch dark.
He couldn't even be mad at her now.
Apparently you didn't think answering my summonings was important enough.
Hook sat in silence, equally patient, his camera at the ready.
######[](#dropcap)  It was one of those surreal moments that you only get to experience once in life.
But she couldn't ignore him entirely, she supposed.
"You've got something of mine it seems.
She was used to it by now.
It looked like she wasn't about to get any more work done today.
"Hey," the boy said with an innocent smile.
He watched as the figure jumped and brought down the emergency ladder and clambered up.
Hook hurriedly stepped further back into the alley, between two trash cans, where he was sure he wouldn't be spotted, angling his head to get a better view in the moonlight.
As much joy as he was capable of feeling, anyhow.
But these missing children deserved a future, and he was going to give it to them, left hand or not.
On the screen, along with a picture of the elderly women, was the age at which she was supposed to die.
She scrolled through, just to make sure she wasn't missing something.
How many people have you given the serum to?
"Yeah, it would be quite an accomplishment," he said, his jaw clenching, 'if she weren't supposed to die two months ago.
"He brought up his hand and blew dust into Hook's face, blinding him temporarily.
If things turned out badly, he might even be stripped of his title.
Was that...Jordan?Without hesitating, she ran toward her bedroom door, throwing it open, and dashed down the steps of her apartment until she was at the bottom.
"It's a beautiful night tonight.
He hesitated at the unexpected appearance.
Thursday was always their night out for drinks, but she had been too busy tonight to join them.
So you can head back to Hell now.
The other gods, who had slumbered since thousands of years ago, would finally awaken, and he would be put on trial for mishandling things.
"The answer's yes, in case you were wondering.
"DO NOT LOOK OUT YOUR WINDOW.
Kassidy barely took a look at it before giving him a small smile.
"Not sure what you're talking about.
"He gritted his teeth and walked around the metal table until he was standing right in front of her.
All he knew was that Pan was a wily one, and there were claims of him scaling the emergency ladders to get up into children's bedrooms without the parents knowing.
Because I'm sure you guys clearly deserve it.
This had to be some kind of joke.
"Hook clenched his jaw to prevent himself from shouting.
So with hesitant steps, she walked toward the dark curtain that was covering her window.
r/AlannaWu ########## ######[](#dropcap)  "Hook, you've got to be mad to believe such a story!
Then he pulled out his phone.
If she actually decided to sell the immortality serum, the entire world would be thrown into chaos.
She'd been such a good girl.
That's not our department.
"Well, congratulations to that little old lady, I suppose.
"You know very well what I'm here for.
He was probably too far for them to have noticed.
We don't need some silly fairy tale explanation to make ourselves feel better about why it's true.
"Best fiance ever," she corrected, and tilted his face so they could look at the moon together.
Mother of his...his eyes widened and flashed with something akin to joy.
After what felt like years, the window finally opened again, and Peter climbed down, the sound of his whistling shrill in Hook's ears.
