It was hard to tell the difference if you werent paying attention.
It was damn hard to find a regular dive in a place that kept changing, but he liked this place.
What would be the point of that?He was dead.
Leather booths and polished glass tables were scrattered about.
Today, the bar looked like fifties jazz lounge.
Allen had first stumbled across Thales Bar only days after his death.
Allen had always had a way with words.
Forgive him, he feels so small next to us he must measure himself in other ways.
So it was he found himself wandering the every changing streets of the land beyond the living.
Then he would a corner and find himself on a vacant street, his ears ringing in the sudden and absolute silence.
The older man said, taking a puff the cigar between his fingers.
The man on his left appeared slightly younger, with a few grey hairs left in his own beard that hung down in front of his tailored shirt.
His face was wrinkled but his eyes twinkled with youth as he laughed again.
He was wide man, and dressed in an simple robe tied around the waist with a sash.
The one called Leo jeered.
In my experience, stories can be the best kind of writing.
Ehhhh....  You still havent read it have you?
It was dimly lit with red curtains hanging from the ceiling.
He took a long puff on his cigars.
His Italian accent was strong even with the slight slur to his words.
Allen coughed, embarrassed.
It was almost funny, back when he was alive hed always joked that he would probably go out by ODing, but when it finally happened he just couldnt accept it.
Then if you do not write, then what do you do?
In truth he hadnt really believed there was anything that came after, but there was.
Allen slid onto the velvet barstool, folding his jacket across his leg as he waited for Thales to finish his conversation with another patron.
I did some writing myself during my life.
I see youve met the boys.
In fact, he hadnt been doing much of anything really.
How else am I suppose to lower my wits to you gentlemens levels?
Sometimes it resembled New York, where hed grown up.
The place wasnt crowded, it never was.
You dont say?What did you write about?I must admit Im not very caught up on the schools of thought from your time.
It was a city, most days.
Sokratis smiled, a sparkle in his eye.
You should write that down.
Oh youre not interrupting anything more than some old mens chattering.
I guess it started out as a hobby.
Hed still been lost then, in a bleary haze and still convinced he was in the middle of some terrible adderal and cocaine induced fever dream.
In a log cabin, in the middle of the forest, on a shovel!
A roaring laughter off to his side brought him back to himself.
It only occurred to him,  how rude it might be inviting himself over, when he was already at the edge of the table.
Fantasy, science fiction...that sort of thing.
Sokratis paused, coughing in embarrassment, Well...my students did the actual writing, but I like to think I guided the hands that sketched the letters.
If you had asked him before his death where he would end up after death, Allen would have winked and sarcastically replied he was surely destined for the deepest pits of hell.
Off to see to his other guests.
Would you like to join us?
Sometimes, those hours of loosing myself in the story was all that got me through the day.
Allen struggled to come up with an answer.
Sokratis replied with a nod.
Abraham hummed, turning towards Allen.
It was cozy, the drinks were good, and it was tended by a kindly old man behind the counter.
Allen answered truthfully.
Im just saying even Abe here taught himself to write.
What had he been writing?He hadnt written anything.
It was something I was good at.
Time flowed strangely in this place.
Hed wandered aimlessly for what felt like days, and very well might have been.
Sokratis narrowed his eyes at him.
To be fair, we had a lot of shovels.
This one always gets a bit animated when hes had a few.
He asked Whatve you been writing since you died?
Sokratis burst out in laughter as Leonardo sulked.
Allen said, sliding into the only open seat beside the tall man.
Easy for you to talk, fucking giant.
Allen hadnt handled it very well at first.
Abraham nodded approvingly.
You are welcome to join us if youd like though.
The old man replied, before adding with a wink, So very good.
Sometimes the roads were filled with so many people he had to push his way forward and shout to be heard above the crowd.
Allen shot back, feeling the need to defend himself.
In fact if it werent for me-  Yes yes, Leonardo cut him off, rolling his eyes.
Still, Im not ashamed of the life I lived, even if I wish I could have done things different.
Abraham said with a shrug.
He was tall, barely appearing to fit in the booth, with short curly black hair and a neatly trimmed beard.
Allen replied hastily, shaking his head.
Bet you he doesnt even know how long hes been here.
I lost track somewhere in the two thousands.
That was how he found the bar.
It wasnt hell, or heaven for that matter.
He didnt know how long he sat there listening.
Thales had appeared once again and quickly refilled everyones glass.
He glanced to the back of the bar to see a group of three men sitting in a round booth, chatting amongst themselves.
Leonardo bellowed, good natured but still accusatory, The boys gotten caught up in the dream of the place.
Leonardo ribbed him as Thales disappeared once again.
In my time I frequented the theatre.
And I had a lot of Hemlock.
Never an empty glass in his bar.
I gave you a copy weeks ago.
Why did you choose to be a writer during your time on earth?
I didnt mean to interrupt.
The older man replied before gesturing to his friend on the right.
It wasnt anything like that really.
As good as I choose to be.
Of the three of us, Im the only one whos managed to keep track.
It was how hed made his living after all, but trying to define the afterlife was like trying to describe colors to a blind man.
They werent anything special.
Socrates muttered, taking a puff of his cigar, before looking back towards Allen.
Where all deviants and geniuses like him belong.
He said, stroking his mustache, But dont feel too bad.
Leonardo smiled a self satisfied smirk.
