I tried to look up, to find the source.
The caption printed underneath in faded black letters.
Bringing us back to the plight and pillar of humanity, curiosity.
He wore a light blue coat that reached his ankles with an apron over top, slick with blood.
I shoved my hand into my pocket, the fabric around it forcing a wince out of me.
She slammed him into the cement wall.
The age of the tune was only matched by my leather jacket.
The car floated for a moment.
Her legs seemed to adjust by themselves, almost on instinct.
Early Christmas shoppers were out en masse.
I could hardly see the tree line twenty feet ahead.
My muscles kept clenching.
She looked at me with an even stranger look than the bus driver.
I felt the bottom half of the plastic crinkle and snap.
He fired wildly into the walls.
"No," I said thrusting the pistol towards him "You go, I'll follow"  The pudgy cop slowly lifted himself up.
The sound of snapping bones rang out.
Rows upon rows of neon plastic shapes lined the walls.
The girl could hear footsteps down the hall.
I winced, yanking the knife from my own hand.
His eyes went wide at the sight before him.
Small mandibles where his mouth should be.
My back hit the roof of the car, shattered glass scratching through my jacket.
""Do you know what happened to me?
She gave me a peck on the cheek through cheap plastic.
He turned away for a moment to look at the boy, who in turn was unable to take his eyes off the girl attached to such a horrific abomination.
I tried to look back to the clunker, only the faint sound of the radio could be heard.
He glanced down and yelled out.
Thick rubber gloves clung to his hand.
"I asked, hoisting myself onto the wooden deck.
A face came into light, a paper-thin layer of rotting skin clung to the sharp skull.
Next bus stop was only a few blocks down.---  The morning air was still cool when I stepped off the bus.
I sprayed the jacket down a bright wet yellow.
The doctor stumbled backward.
He grabbed the light blue coat hanging off the doctor's corpse and handed it to the girl.
She placed her food down and looked up at me.
Nothing seemed to break my trance, not the cool air as I stepped out of the shed, not the smile of my wife sitting on the back porch.
The sound of ancient trees splintering.
*What if you're cruel, you can be kind I know*  It crept closer.
"I'm going to get my research back.
A large officer behind the wheel rolled his window down.
The police car parked in the driveway.
Its head was the size of the truck's cab.
The man stood on the steps of the First World Bank.
A red-haired woman sat behind the wheel, hands gripped firmly on it.
My stomach stung with each inch until my torso hit the grass.
"Uh, h-hey,"   I spun around clenching the toy firearm.
"she asked from the table, cutting into a biscuit with a small butter knife.
An immediate feeling in her chest told her opposite.
She stood there in front of me, just looking at me.
I looked back into my own lane.
I could see myself in the reflection of his sunglasses.
"Come on *Bee Brains*," The officer screamed, "Use that degree of yours"  The officer grabbed my sidearm off the ground.
I hit him hard on the side.
Each tune off of *William White's Western Whistlers* was almost haunting through the dusted speakers.
The stench was unbearable.
"For the bees," I grunted.
"I asked, clenching a fist.
She stayed seated, careful not to get any butter on her yellow sundress.
"Did you find your dads drill, sweetie?
"Dad" He said "We need to take her to the medicine men" ########## The newspaper clipping showed a thin man in a yellow trench coat.
Blood trickled onto my mask and back in my mouth.
A boy stepped through, a rifle in his hands prodding the room.
The hand was the size of the truck bed.
Its wide cartoonish eyes were a light blue with a fake glisten of light in them.
"I know you did some bad things but-" She explained "I'm a big fan.
"You could summon spiders.
Maybe the best part about it was the radio.
The light was unrelenting.
D."  The cop pushed Gene into a wall.
I staggered into the kitchen.
akin to the middle school play auditions, blinding light, and a freezing, painful sweat.
The still grass below waved gently with it.
He slowly stood up, gun trained on my head.
The yellow jacket I made was stiff from where the paint dried, with a few wet spots on the pockets and inside.
*Play it again*  I saw the sky.
Watching the iron railing appear and disappear with the hills and tree lines.
A bit of drywall was shot into the air.
The car stopped in front of me.
I slowly changed clothes, being cautious not to spill any blood on another button up.
The vehicle had been aging about as well as milk.
His eyes were wide, he slowly sat his coffee down.
On any other day, it would have smelled of bacon and eggs.
Hot blood trickled onto her new arachnid bottom.
I looked back at her once, the sun just went down across the suburban horizon.
Every time he said the words he talked a mile a minute, the straight lace side of him clashing with the compassion.
"Pick it back up," I demanded.
I rolled, a bullet flying past my ear.
The crimson was starting to dry across the bright yellow legs.
"She asked, half pointing to my scratched up DARF gun.
"You know I never really liked that memory stealing sap.
I threw the jar at the shed.
"Please no," I croaked, my throat was dry.
He hit the carpeted floor face first.
I stumbled onto the street.
I felt the car give one final rock and opened my eyes.
She threw herself from the chair and ran.
Upon his head was an unnervingly accurate bee helmet.
A few out-of-date Halloween costumes clung to the back of the shelves.
*Shit*, I thought, *the front door is wide open*.I stood up and started walking.
