Several unpleasant rumors.
"We have to meet with my father in an hour," he reminder her gently.
One false step and he'd plummet to the ground.
I can't say I have a lot of confidence that this won't end with your Obliviating me or killing me either.
Draco spent the evening in his room brainstorming and researching.
Most wizards struggled casting an Imperius that caused their victim to do anything but complete actions in a zombie-like state, their body divorced from their thoughts.
Draco swallowed around the lump in his throat, feeling suddenly unsure of himself.
He'd lied to the Dark Lord.
And I know that it might be a long time from now before you trust me enough to talk to me.
It had been only two hours since they left Draco's room, although it felt like a lifetime ago.
At a nod from Snape, Draco tilted the last potion down Hermione's throat, watching carefully to make sure she swallowed.
He'd merely lied by omission.
She was silent for a long while.
"And, well, I was rather hoping you wouldn't notice, so that I could be romantic and re-propose with it.
It almost worked; the intensity of her gaze made him want to spill everything, to confess.
Scowling now, he cast the teeth enlargement charm he'd cast on her years ago and laughed again awkwardly around the giant buck teeth that sprouted from his face.
Hermione stared at him intently.
He was just about to change the color again when a pop announced Mipsy's arrival.
"Wait, they let you keep your wand?
AN: The action will start picking up from here on out!
Would she feel better if he told her that he understood how she felt?
He babbled, bleeding the thoughts he'd kept so carefully tucked away from the world, from himself in some cases out to a bushy-haired freak who he'd likely duel to the death-hopefully hers-once this was done.
At least the Healer thought her prognosis was good.
AN: For all of your who are worrying that I originally said 24 chapters and we're at 20 without a resolution in sight... be not afraid, due to the divergence of my original plan and the current story, I think we're in for a few more chapters!
Made him leery of fully trusting him.
Or maybe elf noses were just really flexible?
He doubted they had any idea it was he, although if they did, that's be a nice feather in his cap!
Draco had been charged with discretely contacting his classmates whose families he thought might be harboring an illegal Time-Turner.
He was reduced to wanting to spend time with a Mudblood who was furious and moping and barely talking to him.
"It seems it would be time consuming and leave one open to attack."
They could just stay in his room for those two hours; hopefully that would be enough to get her calmed down enough to keep them both alive.
He seemed blithely unconcerned with which option Hermione chose.
He hoped this would buy him some lee-way in asking more questions without suspicion.
It had been many years since an interaction with his father had been endearing to anyone.
His grand pronouncement was met with what sounded suspiciously like "no thanks," if the phrase had been uttered around a quill.
He was considering slipping her a book of Dark spells tomorrow; he'd tell her they'd covered them seventh year.
He also hoped-for his own hide in the distant future, and maybe even Hermione's hide-that Potter survived and disposed of Voldemort.
Despite her enthusiasm, the Mudblood has no memory of her former friends or of the intricacies of interrogation.
She made a moue of disgust, but she reached for the books eagerly.
The ginger idiot sounded insulted.
Hermione's face looked pinched.
He'd been wrong about the Order's monitoring the Burrow, but not about their attention to Hermione's childhood home.
He scanned the property for wards, channeling what he'd seen of Hermione's quick mind.
And three, information on some guy named Tom Riddle.
So, he decided to fish for other information instead.
And so, the only hopes of the wizarding world were sitting here, spilling secrets to a disguised Draco Malfoy.
Her strength really lay in the obscure curses and potions she had picked up while plotting against him and researching her own malady; with some of the information she knew, it wouldn't be hard to convince his father he'd been training her in all sorts of Dark Arts.
The man came to check on her twice a day, his wand lighting up fewer times each visit.
He'd placed that ring on her finger, to unknown effect.
He'd invite the reporter over for a joint interview with his fiancee, spinning a story of their clandestine schoolday romance.
It was a good plan, he assured himself, if a little… intimate.
"I swear that this is a truth potion, not a poison," she quipped back as the liquid plopped into his drink.
Half-way through day five, Draco had added several philosophy tomes to his research for Project Mudblood.
I thought that the Draco I spent time with these past weeks seemed on the whole pretty decent and that the answers I got from you just now sounded a lot more like a teenager forced between a rock and hard place than an evil henchman bent on world destruction."
Life on the run with a Mudblood-possibly the only thing he could think of that would be worse than life on the run.
His eyes tracked the Healer's motions, but his mind had turned inward.
I am curious what you think of this chapter!
He snorted, and mentally bet himself that he already had a request for an interview sitting with his mail downstairs.
The walls of his self-constructed prison leered down at him.
Mop-head asked hopefully.
"I am glad you are pleased with her training, Father," he offered in lieu of an answer.
There's only so much Obliviation a mind can take without degradation."
And her little fiction had prettily charmed the woman, who was rifling through her bookshelf.
"No, I don't think their magic is similar enough to ours."
We've had people searching diligently for them, with no luck."
Draco ran his fingers through his hair again, as he reconciled himself to Case 3: Alive but Cursed.
The chandelier exploded next, raining shards of crystal over both of them.
Probably pretty ancient, like Hogwarts Founders ancient."
Although he had no idea what cyanide was.
"We can talk about it all whenever you're ready.
He hurried deeper into the room before finding Hermione tinkering with a small army of quills, parchment, and the creepy, fleshy ends of the Extendable Ears.
Hermione ordered strawberry and peanut butter, while Draco stuck to chocolate.
"You had a bit of ice-cream on your lip."
Salazar, his father was the one who'd caused this horrible situation, who'd caused Hermione to sully her own soul in this horrible way.
I can feel the blood all over me and yet I didn't spill a drop."
Hermione sighed deeply, and was silent for a moment.
Salazar, his father was a manipulative bastard.
With a click of understanding, Draco realized that whatever they were about to do to him explained his preternatural calm before his death.
Hermione looked incredibly smug, so he avoided making eye contact with her.
It's… I've been so afraid you'd leave."
I fear even that your son has been shielding me from the worst of it," she cast a loving look at Draco and squeezed his hand.
You can practice Imperiousing all the guards to go get food from the kitchens to feed the prisoners and bring us back a list of what they did.
Taught by a lovely French woman, Sandrine de Fontaine; she was fired at the end of the year.
He shifted his weight onto the bed and gingerly put an arm around her shoulders.
In summary, after a thoroughly unpleasant day in which he'd cast more Cruciatus curses than he cared to count, he found himself accompanying his aunt-whose hair really was more horrid even than the Mudblood's now that he'd seen the amount of blood she let get crusted in it-to the bank.
Stasis on the vault means they only grow while it's opened, so they don't get hungry, and if thieves do break in…" She grinned happily at Draco, who managed to nod.
So, he had read Hermione's files, learned just how well she had done in the absurd number of classes she'd taken at Hogwarts, chuckled as he learned how she'd manifested her magic in the Muggle world by burning her classmates' fingers if they'd dog-eared books.
He reached over and tugged at the Time Turner chain so he could loop it over his own head.
Draco struggled to keep his voice calm, as if his fate didn't hang on her answer.
Something to really get the Order's attention and to draw them out."
What felt like eons later-Hermione had kindly cast a cushioning charm for his knees when she saw him wiggling in discomfort-the chiseled features of one Blaise Zabini appeared.
She opened her mouth to argue-he could tell by the tilt of her chin-so he cut her off, "You underestimate him.
The greatest wizard of their age.
It hadn't been hard to find his Aunt - she seemed to lurk around the manor like a pest-removal-charm immune vermin.
"It meant I could protect you-that I'd be the one caring for you, not some Death Eater really bent on twisting you into a weapon.
"Let me in before I huff and puff and blow your door down."
His discomfort was short lived, as a blushing Hermione, already at work leveraging herself out of the bed asked if Zibby or one of the other house elves might help her.
And to devote all of Snape's time to her as well... "May I ask what she has been eating?
We're well off-track from where this story originally went, so it sometimes takes me a bit to pull things together in a direction I'm confident off.
Every movement of his quill felt like a noose tightening around his neck; in debt to the greasy man, again, for failing at his appointed tasks.
