He grimaced, "Shut up, Nott."
She quickly assessed the paintings on the wall and tried to recall which way she'd come in.
There are cuts and bruises all over her fair skin with mud and blood covering her dress.
Hermione clutched her forearm, desperate for any information she could get.
"Yes, but I didn't realize there would be this many and with so many rules and," she paused and huffed.
He scoffed, sensing her attempt to lighten the mood among the stale air in the lift, and added, "Oh, sure, I recall.
Hermione had figured this moment was inevitable.
She liked it when he was rough with her.
Hermione refrained from biting her lip and willed herself to calm down and pretend there wasn't a firearm ready to blow her brains out.
I've been saying that shit for years, and if you heard it that meant your ass.
She ventures, and when the man nods, her gaze slides over to the teary woman who is undeniably her direct relation upon closer inspection.
"You're still quite unwell.
Hermione stood up and moved to leave the bar, "Right, well, I'm going to go now."
Or perhaps, not even then.
Not that he planned on conceding to it.
Don't look at me like that, Malfoy – Yes,I know I'm being emotional.
As she climaxed, he did as well.
Over on the dresser somewhere – Fuck, I don't know where – Oh, wait.
Let's take a look at some old footage from our tennis superstars, Hermione Granger the Golden Girl and Harry Potter the Chosen One, shall we?"
It had gone warm, and besides, it would be in the way shortly.
He tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear, "Anything for you."
"But I thought," she stammered.
It was evident from his stance and furrowed brows that he had likely been trying to get Draco's attention several times before this last one stuck.
The announcer's voice boomed through the stadium as a red-clad woman zoomed past the stands with her fist in the air, celebrating the goal that put her team at the advantage over the previously tied score.
Interesting, that he should have the title of nobility, but what seemed to be none of its upbringing.
"When can I see you again?"
An hour – and much too much of Ogden's – later, Hermione sat across from Ginny at the coffee table, stifling a laugh as Draco stared down Harry.
Her eyes widened and she looked at him, shocked.
He released his hold on her to run his hands through his fine, perfectly groomed hair.
Then, her fingers began tracing along the raised, inflamed skin surrounding the deep gash.
W. A dreadful name befitting of a dreadful cause."
"GRANGER, WHAT THE FU - " She reached an arm out to caress his cheek, and as she did so he felt the impenetrable wall she created to shield her mind, collapse at his touch.
Also, I would love if you could all take a moment of silence after reading this in honour of Remembrance Day.
He groaned and trailed after her, "Why do you have to be so difficult, Granger?"
Luna, how are you feeling this morning?"
Even the king and queen were delighted to welcome a new daughter, and after her true identity was revealed, they were adamant about implementing new measures tying the muggle and magical world together so that another child would never be lost to the dangerous grey area between the two.
"I'd hate to imagine how much worse we can be with taming your wild curls into submission when we can't see what they're up to."
Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the medics wheeling her into one of the side rooms for treatment.
The night of her eleventh birthday, the young girl dreams as she normally does but there is something new and she finds herself drawn to it, curiosity overwhelming her better judgement.
When she finally pulled back, he looked at her gingerly, "So… that's a yes?"
Her chubby hand, the one not clutching the dandelion, waves over the pretty little weed and it instantly catches on fire.
There was no way she was going to collect and useful evidence if she didn't take risks like this, and besides, how else was she expected to discover exactly what crimes Draco was guilty of or how he carried them out if she did everything he told her to do?
Draco enjoyed the frustration.
At the other's raised brows and crossed arms that clearly indicated he disagreed; Theo amended his statement.
"They think you're holding me captive, Granger."
"Hold off on that thought.
– "So, whatever it is that's really bothering you, work it out.
Shame on you, Shacklebolt.
Hermione told him everything.
A talon scrapes at the base of her orbital bone, summoning her.
"My footing is perfect, Granger.
She immediately backed away from him, "I'll let you rest," "No, wait."
DON'T FUCKING TOUCH THAT.
Draco went on, "But today, when Theo and I jumped Potter and the Weasley brothers," – "Idiotic," she mumbled – "I discovered they weren't the ones distributing it around the city."
"What the fuck were you two thinking?
I don't want no-strings-attached.
Her tone was final enough.
He finally released his hold on her, peeling her panties down her legs.
His fingers flicked and teased her clit, never breaking eye contact with her.
This was just for the contract.
Don't want to be late for work, now do we?"
He trotted back over and topped off their glasses with the dark liquid, neither minding the impropriety of the warm temperature of the liquid.
She protested, narrowing her eyes at him while picking at her salad.
Hermione scolded herself for getting so intimate with him in such a precarious setting.
His elbows held him above her in a plank position, but by slightly shifting his arms so that they rested higher, on either side of her head, he was able to put more of his weight against her.
He asked, raking a hand through his perfectly combed-back hair.
"Let's just say one thing led to another and there we were."
Luna: "Enemies to lovers!"
"Very well," Shacklebolt sighed.
At Hermione's shock, Ginny erupted into a laughing fit and then flicked her wand to levitate the dishes into the sink, leaving them to clean themselves.
"I don't think you look like a Penelope."
"Well… I suppose what I'm asking is… were we?"
With open arms, she welcomed him into nestling against her chest - because she could vaguely remember it was something they did often before bed or when they first woke up - and brushed a hand through his fine hair.
The Chosen One as his fans like to call him!
In fact, if she were to squint, she wouldn't even be able to make out a single wrinkle – not that he ever looked like he aged anyway.
"You were screaming," she snapped back.
He smirked at her, "What are you offering?"
"Eh," he huffed, "I've been called worse."
Suddenly, Hermione felt drawn to his jewel-toned eyes.
Which is odd that the Ministry would let them publish this.
He tightened his navy tie and slipped a hasty cushioning charm into his new leather shoes before putting them on and heading into the kitchen.
Looks like she's favoring her left leg, what do you make of that, Luna?"
Draco wanted to tell her it was only a fucking joke and that she needed to lighten up, but then he realized her head was bent to cover her laughing.
Only once so far in conversation had he made the mistake of questioning what exactly a snorflax was and what a dinglehopper did but learned his lesson quickly.
Then, in another forceful motion and display of recklessness, he peeled the dress down her body and deposited it on the floor along with his own trousers.
"Hermione, that's just not true.
Draco wanted to be angry.
"She's over there," he pointed across the room.
She sat down at a stool and immediately let her forehead sink to hit the bar top; her curls falling around her.
This was certainly not the time and place.
His mouth formed a thin line, but ultimately, he nodded.
"What are you waiting for?"
However, her curse taught her dark magic, honing her into the perfect weapon for his destruction, though at the age of eleven, the young girl would not realize his intentions.
He quickly ascended the stairs so that he stood at her side.
When she did so, she caught a glimpse of a brass photo frame and squinted at the image it encompassed; it was Malfoy engulfing her in a hug and twirling her around with her giggling into his neck.
He had been fascinated by the neighboring muggles for years; it had all started when he – the young outspoken fool that he was at eleven – attempted to question why muggles were still so terrible if the war was long over.
The silence that followed was comfortable, and welcoming.
The Peace Room, however, contained bronze-gilded statues of the heads of infamous liaisons and advisors with its ceiling depicting a time of balance and fruition within the kingdom.
"It wasn't until I started working for the Ministry that I could really get it running.
Hermione could vaguely make out a city skyline from the balcony before directing her attention to the rest of the room.
