"I didn't do that on purpose," Harry said, wanting desperately to defend himself even if Snape hadn't accused him of anything yet.
That man deserved to die and painfully so," Snape said, "I am rather impressed with the spell you used.
There was no courage in that."
"Smooth," Draco whispered when Hermione blushed.
When Harry looked up at the ceiling, he became aware of the pouring rain that was going on outside.
"I thought I was on to something," Harry said, ignoring Snape's attempt at a joke, "But my instincts might have been off."
Harry stomped off to the potions lab and threw his books into a corner.
He couldn't even speak to Harry with the curse that bound his lips together.
He had noticed that Professor Bell was always on time nowadays and could get around much more easily.
"I would say at least another week," Pomfrey told him.
"Not today," Snape said, "I can see that these last hours have been draining for you.
"Of course not," Harry said, "Which is why I fully trust you being here, even if I am more vulnerable."
In here no one was dying; there were no abusive Dursleys or evil Dark Lords.
Snape ignored him entirely and grabbed a chicken filet.
You shouldn't even be thinking about him after what you've done."
Another wand flick and another blow.
"I was just wondering – since no one is really trying to kill me this year – if I could have my friends over for Christmas.
Afterwards, you can meet up with that redheaded girlfriend of yours."
But no sirree, here it is!
He shot Rabastan an incredulous look that he normally saved to stare at the work of his most dunderheaded students.
Hermione and Draco were both on opposite ends of the room.
"You can see the outline of anyone coming in," Snape replied, "How have you been in here so many times already without noticing that?"
"Exactly so," Snape admitted in a low voice.
The entire class groaned but Bell smiled fondly.
Harry asked, "All of the other teachers call him Severus.
Snape's gaze softened just a little.
"As my apprentice," Snape clarified, "We need to send your registration to the guild.
"I just didn't think I would see you here," Harry uttered, "Not that I mind, of course.
Harry frowned but automatically stepped forward to sit in front of the man.
"I will attempt to bring forth the most terrible of memories and thoughts as well as fabricate my own.
'You bring death wherever you go,' Petunia shrieked in horror.
"Honestly, putting 'Moste Potente Potions' in the middle of those Herbology books seems off, doesn't it?"
"You can be really heartless sometimes, you know that?"
"In the literal sense of the word, no," Snape replied, "But essentially, yes."
Ginny casually buttered a nice warm roll, resolutely ignoring the stunned faces of the golden trio and the self-satisfied grin on Draco's.
Whatever was happening now, Snape was not supposed to be a part of it.
"It should be nearly done, but I get the feeling that something is missing," Harry said.
"Yes, Bella," Rabastan agreed flatly.
Harry skimmed the pages as he tried to find what he was looking for.
"Even more muggles have disappeared," Hermione said worriedly.
He was vaguely aware of the man ripping through his memories in what appeared to be a blind fury.
I would send him to St. Mungo's –" "He would hate that," Harry interrupted.
Chapter 17 "As you are well aware by now, Legilimency and Occlumency go hand in hand," Snape said, "They are two sides of the same coin.
"Yes, Bella uses people as well.
The scene swirled and Harry was thrown into the graveyard, the dead body of Cedric lying beside him.
Use that time to practice."
And Bellatrix had taken her sweet time, that sadistic witch.
Harry took a shuddering breath, clenching his fists tightly.
Your friends would have my hide if you do."
Even you cannot possibly hope to gain that much information in such a short time."
When nothing happened, he opened the book and scanned its contents.
Harry stumbled a few steps back but did his best to stand his ground.
A cutting curse will not work but an Incendio will because the fire you create is all natural as soon as it leaves your wand.
She was always at the front lines of any battle and helped her people through many wars."
"Why don't you work out what you were trying to do and attempt it again tomorrow?
"She's very capable though," Harry replied, "And she's the closest by."
"I doubt you would have learned much if I had attacked you like this since the beginning," Snape said evenly.
Evading permanent damage to any student is advisable, even if their own lack of resolve and focus are the direct cause of their failure."
Harry met Snape's gaze who smirked at him and Harry narrowed his eyes, inclining his head towards the great hall entrance.
Are you telling me that you would have left me there to rot?
Harry gritted his teeth at the growing sense of discomfort and hopelessness.
There was obvious surprise in his eyes when he looked up.
Whoever those mystery visitors were, they had not shown up yet but judging by Snape's calm demeanour, they were not late.
Gratefully, he used them as he had learned and shaped the way out of the memory.
Satisfied that his distraction would probably last long enough, Harry focused on the tall oak tree behind him.
Snape summoned a house-elf and ordered dinner for both of them before directing his attention to Harry.
She just shrugged and turned towards Flitwick who sat on her other side and happily engaged in conversation with her.
"He would forgive you anything!"
"What are you reading about?"
"Trying to find out if I made something that works or if I just made expensive mud."
And yet, underneath the muck, grime and obvious fatigue, they were both grinning ecstatically.
When he looked behind him, he noticed that he was leaving footprints.
His eyes then searched Harry's nervously, almost as if he was some infatuated schoolboy.
But when it seemed that Snape was not at all concerned about it, Harry relaxed as well.
"I know Hedwig," Harry said quietly, "I ruined the moonstone."
You are a dead man, Snape.
"I know he used to be a prat," Lily answered, "But he's improved a lot lately, hasn't he?
Even though the heatwave had long passed, Hedwig had made herself quite comfortable in the dungeons.
Even the pain he should be experiencing didn't deter the boy in the slightest.
Harry knew it would only be temporary though.
"Don't let it be forgotten and kept in the dark," Fred begged.
Pass me the butter, Harry."
"But Severus just woke up!"
But then, the Potions Master shook his head incredulously, smiling as he did so.
Harry carefully measured what he deduced would be one portion and filled a vial with it.
I demand to be released immediately."
Harry heard the sound of crows as they flew overhead.
"Stop drooling," Harry chided, "Before she hears you.
"Very well," Snape sighed heavily, "If you insist."
"The heart was made to be broken," Luna replied.
An owl seemed to hoot in the distance and a slow rumble came from somewhere across the horizon.
"That is not really the assignment, Harry," Slughorn said doubtfully, "My request of you was a hiccoughing solution."
A crack seemed to appear in her wand.
Snape rolled his eyes and went back to reading his newspaper, scanning the page that reported an increase in muggles admitted to St. Mungo's.
He put a comforting hand on Snape's shoulder and smiled at him.
"She's cute," Ron said pointedly as he stared at the high table.
Harry wasn't sure if she was any good yet since this was the first game of the school year but he knew better than to underestimate his opponent.
"I'm expecting visitors," Snape said, "And I believe that it would be advisable for you to stay, if only for you to get a grasp on the more Slytherin of traits that a Potions Master sometimes needs."
All you need now is the technique.
"Dementors," Harry replied, showing Hermione the passage he was reading.
