Halfway down the stairs, the boys ran into James' parents and greeted them with exuberant greetings, although they only received a half-hearted nod from James' father.
"At the very least, being a prefect will help with situations like these."
Wilkes spoke up just loudly enough for James to hear.
"Of course—take care of yourself."
"If I had, we wouldn't be having this conversation, now would we?"
His heart falling, James listened to the cheering onlookers before King changed the direction of his pointing finger and indicated the locker rooms.
Waving away the cloud of smoke that arose as a result, James coughed before Sirius quelled the noise a few moments later.
Maybe she'll turn around."
You can't keep him here!"
I might try looking there first if you can."
"Yeah," Diggle answered, examining his empty pockets.
Lily yelled as several of the nearest students cried out and leapt back from Snape.
Twenty minutes and one heated lecture later, James left the empty field, his ire now faded away into gloom as he joined Sirius, who alone waited for him by the stands.
I was just bored, and I wanted to see if anyone would miss me if I slipped out early!"
"Don't pretend to know anything about my son!"
"I assumed that Mundungus, being a notorious cheapskate and talentless wizard, needed a cauldron to do most of the magic for him.
If they had not been moving so listlessly, James might have thought them partially sentient.
"Ah, but he won't get to see all of my stunts!"
"Maybe I wouldn't have if he wasn't always with you," Regulus muttered, attempting to move around the four older boys, but James moved an arm out to stop him.
"Potter—" "No tricks, just an honest battle of wits!"
Freezing, both James and Sirius regarded her with the slightest bit of reverent fear, and James burst out, "Wait just a moment, Evans—" "Petrificus Totalus!"
Shrugging, Sirius looked into one of the nearby windows.
Groaning, James and Sirius shared a grimace.
Scowling, Mulciber repeated the spell, but Mussmug dashed between his legs and sprinted for the other end of the hallway.
"It'll be here before you know it," James told him, "and we need to be ready.
Diving, Regulus missed his spell, but he was soon hit head-on with the Seize-and-Pull Charm that James had sent his way.
Nodding with a smile when her spell dissipated, Lily turned back towards Hillary and went on ignoring James and his friends.
Turning to leave the situation, they had taken no more than three steps when Mrs. Black's loud voice cut through the air like a Severing Charm.
In the morning, James started awake to the warbled singing of his mother, who was trying to coax her husband awake with a folksong.
Leaving the clamorous pitch behind, he stomped into the dark underside of the stadium and slammed his fist against the nearest locker, feeling the cold metal bend under the weight of his hand.
"Would you let a Thought-Trap do the talking for you while you slept through class?"
Turning over his hand so that James could see the thin underside, he rubbed his pointer finger and thumb together.
"Often enough for me to recall him, obviously," he responded, and James cut in before Sirius could say anything else.
Hagrid repeated, frowning.
"Er—just someone in my year," James admitted, glancing away.
Shaking his head, Remus slouched even lower.
Shocked, James glanced down at the pot in his hands as the plant inside cackled loudly, many of the other students doing the same.
Your throws have been off."
"Evans has had it out for us since when we first arrived at Hogwarts!
"There's nothing we can do, James," he said.
If I see you fool around one more time, I'll take twenty points from Gryffindor and send you straight to your Head of House!"
Help me push," Sirius requested.
"The rest of you, take some of the fertilizer on the tables and start feeding your plants.
"You haven't even so much as mentioned her since yesterday."
"Come to prove our point?"
As James passed, Regulus locked eyes with him and gave him a stare that sent chills down James' spine.
Scowling, Hagrid growled, "Not all people believe this, but some say tha' it was a group of spiteful purebloods tha' gave the illness ter 'im.
"I'll be locked up in the Shrieking Shack that day, and I won't be missing you all that much."
Everyone except King seemed taken aback at his rapid movement, and Michael let his mouth fall open when he spotted the captured ball, having missed Kennedy's swift motion.
"Just tell our mum to save her tears, all right?"
One more wrong move, and I won't hesitate to remove you from the next game.
"Do you have somewhere to go?"
"We're still waiting for one more," Michael, one of the Beaters, answered him tiredly.
Dressed immaculately in his uniform, he sported a lazy sort of smile under his squinty amber eyes and his perfectly combed hair.
"All right, if that's what you meant."
"Slughorn hasn't discussed it?"
"He said that he would have them by now!"
In response, Raul nearly went at him with his bat, but King was able to stop him just in time.
Spotting Kennedy's frown out of the corner of his eye, James suppressed a smirk as he waited for Frank to release the the Golden Snitch.
"Do you think that we should look for Peter?
Remus threw his head back to let out a hearty laugh, and James turned a glower on him.
James scoffed, but Remus halted and clutched his head with his hands.
We just didn't feel like going to class.
"Couldn't Professor Val tell them so?"
"Hold it right there, Avery," Frank announced, narrowing his eyes beneath his wildly curly brown hair.
No more than a few pinches at a time, please!
She's one of the best in our class, but she can be kind of .
"Then he was—" "Our very own Lucius Malfoy's father," Hagrid finished for him, nodding darkly.
"You're to return with us," Mr. Black told Sirius, the strange detachment in his voice balancing Mrs. Black's volcanic exclamations.
Instead, the rest of break passed by uneventfully after Sirius' departure, and James could barely contain himself as he waited for the return to King's Cross Station.
Positioning himself in front of Rosier, James stared the enemy Chaser down until both teams were in flight again.
Once, he almost pummeled King in the temple when he tried to exchange the Quaffle, and Rosier managed to snatch the ball after King fumbled with the unexpected catch.
"I don't remember being remotely injured!"
There are only three ingredients necessary for the potion, so keep your measuring bowls close by as you rotate between them!
Once he had welded the broken glass pieces back into place, James turned and watched as the students parted to allow Lily and Snape a clear path.
"And who's going to make me?"
Attempting to shake off his wandering thoughts, James threw the ball to Frank, but his hand slipped and caused the Quaffle to travel a few meters short of its mark, landing instead into Mimbleton's grasp.
"Yeah," James agreed before catching himself.
Thompson exclaimed from the spectator's box, and James watched as Regulus tore across the pitch in a seemingly random direction, his thin body pressed tightly against his broom handle.
"Why don't we stick around to see how they're shaping up?"
My parents won't be too pleased to hear that your hospitality was lacking."
Squinting to see the black strip more clearly, he reached forward; expecting to trace his hand against the wall, he started when his fingers slipped into a hollowed-out space just behind the granite.
"And yet he comes in here," Sirius muttered under his breath, and Borgin snarled at him.
Fighting to choke back their laughter, James and Peter barely heeded Remus' hushing.
Why don't you get into pairs and try it yourselves?
"To be perfectly honest, I don't have any idea."
Finally, after James' midriff ached from over-consumption, Dumbledore stood up from the High Table, his half-moon spectacles reflecting the faux starlight back at the students and concealing his eyes.
Sirius announced as he and James lugged their suitcases on board, lagging behind Remus and Peter.
Realizing that he would have to return the rest of the items upon his arrival at Hogwarts, James collapsed on his bed and stared up at the ceiling, trying to imagine the conversation going on below.
Turning to stare at Remus and Peter, James and Sirius held their breaths as Remus stared at the floor.
Executing a small sigh, Aven looked askance.
Having only completed a half-turn, she quickly spun back around when she realized that Sirius was not following her.
Nothing of importance, really."
Mulciber commanded, giving Peter's leg a sharp kick with his massive foot and silencing him.
When he had left, a heavy silence settled over the room, and James glanced at Sirius to see his friend staring at the floor.
Making a hideous retching sound, the greasy-haired boy opened his mouth to let out six or so bloated slugs, which hit the stone floor with ghastly squelching noises.
"You really can't handle anything without brute force, can you?"
Doubling over as a stream of screaming bats erupted from his nostrils, Diggle gasped and slapped his hands to his nose.
"We were going to pay him for the leaves.
Relaxing, James and the others breathed matching sighs before hurrying back to the Great Hall to reunite with Remus.
