Uncle George and Aunt Angelina picked themselves up and came face to face with the snogging teenagers who had migrated to the couch, Scorpius on top of Rose.
They drew out of the hug and looked around the room to find everyone staring at them.
We don't know what it is or does!"
For all, we know it could be October or June."
She gave Teddy a big smile, and there were some 'awe's around the room.
"Can you go next for introductions?"
"Oh Harry, great question, my boy.
James ended his rant sinking into the chair in front of him.
George said in mock shock, a hand placed over his heart at the dramatic reveal.
"Um, well, you see…" His voice cracked a bit and tears started to form in his eyes.
Please Review :) Chapter Five August 11th 1995, 1:21 PM "JAMES SIRIUS POTTER!"
Roxy looked like a deer caught in headlights and Freddie lost his smirk and started stuttering.
"No can do Albie boy, I think it's better if they call us first."
Rose appeared not to have heard him as she had her nose buried in her book.
Harry looked comically scared at the idea of sleeping on the couch and took a deep breath, "Well Gin, it's quite complicated," Ginny merely raised an eyebrow again, "Okay, okay, um, wethinkthekidsbrokeatimeturnerandtraveledintime."
He asked himself, how did they get it?!
Lily Luna Potter told her brother with a deathly stare.
"Ah, changed the last name I see."
Hugo had brown hair and blue eyes and was rather lanky.
"Oh, of course, sand equals finding children, good, though I missed something," Harry said with extreme sarcasm.
Albus quickly jumped in, "Yeah, yeah, Au- Hermione's right!
Hermione told her husband.
A/N: Hey guys, this one's pretty long, 4,500 words, don't know if all of them are going to be this long.
Remus ranted, "I'm too old, too poor, too dangerous.
They had a staring match where Rose's eys kept narrowing towards George.
Harry, wanting to get a better look, entered the room and walked to where he could see what Hermione was inspecting.
"Yeah, Bill, what exactly goes on during those lessons?"
Fred looked conflicted, and George looked confused.
Freddie asked innocently.
I'm fifteen and like Freddie said, going into my fifth year at Hogwarts."
Lily, Rose, and Lucy spun around on the spot and heads from the pile snapped in attention.
"My parents are your aunt and uncle as well!"
"If you would let him finish, Tonks we would know who else shares your first name!"
Everyone's heads turned to Harry and the male Weasley's that were near him back up a couple inches, which in turn made Sirius laugh harder, "Chill guys, he clearly had children with a woman, I think you're safe."
I'm going to work on writing a lot more, so hopefully, updates will be more frequent!
Bit of a jump back in time but back to 2019, if that makes sense.
"It's not like I ask anyone to watch me snog my boyfriend!"
Hermione reached James' room to find the door open and the room itself empty, thinking that Ginny and Harry must've gone downstairs she turned only to run straight into her husband's chest.
Freddie finished with a bow.
His mother turned her head the cause, and she was murmuring to the person, most probably his father.
Ginny's arm snaked around Harry's waist and pecked him on the cheek before turning her attention to her family, awaiting an answer to her previously asked question.
"No," Mad-Eye snapped back, "Answering questions is just giving them opportunities to lie."
Albus, Rose and Scorpius were walking down the hall to Albus's room but stopped when they saw the trio in James' bedroom.
He looked at what she was examining and found golden sand littered the ground around Hermione's hands.
Harry shook himself out of his shocked look and smoothly lifted himself off the floor and walked to his wife before wrapping his arms around her waist, "Gin," He said and gave her a peck on the lips to which Ron cringed, even after her sister and best mate being married for twenty or so years.
The last statement came from Tonks as she looked at Teddy dejectedly.
"Well, my good fellow, how do you know it wasn't my mother who named me, and not my father?"
Remus, at this point, had turned white.
Not a single word, understood?"
She asked her Uncle George with sarcasm, crossing her arms in emphasis.
Al knocked his brother's hands away and shook his head at his antics.
"Hey, M-" James was immediately cut off, and many of his cousins started sniggering in the background.
James, Albus and Lily looked a little uneasy.
Hermione interrupted, appalled.
Freddie cursed under his breath and Louis flopped back against the bed he was on.
"Sorry, Ron, your right!"
He handed Teddy another vile of Veritaserum, and he knocked it back.
And to answer questions about the time paradox of the next-gen telling the past about their lives, you'll have to sit tight and see how they resolve the issue in the coming chapters.
"I know, the redhead in the middle, she reminds me of someone," Remus replied.
"How would you know we aren't from this time?"
Everyone in the room looked at James with absolute shock as he had just summarized his parents' marriage.
Louis asked a concentrated looking James.
James grabbed the 'time turner' and hid it behind his back.
Mad-Eye's deformed face contorted into a sort of smile and pointed his wand at the blue guy, "You, blue hair, you'll take the Veritaserum."
In response, Angelina crossed her arms but conceded anyway.
Harry pondered for a moment and cane you with no reasonable answers except that they had broken through the wards.
He had been drenched head to toe with green goo then with water all just to be set right with a drying charm.
He turned from the kitchen and raced back into the main hall to be the newcomers.
Sirius exclaimed and grabbed both Remus and Dora in another hug.
Sirius said and started laughing all over again.
He finished and stepped back to make room for his sisters.
She was a tough cookie, and she hated to show weakness.
Freddie just laughed and took a seat next to James on the floor of his room.
"If anything, this just means I need to pull some awesome pranks before I go!"
I've been on a writing spree lately :) Please Review!
He brushed himself off and turned to look at Albus, "Hey Al," he turned again towards Rose.
Aunt Hermione did the same and followed her husband into the kitchen after hugging Al and kissed his cheek.
"We told them," Harry said to the two newcomers, "We thought they should know since their kids are missing along with ours."
:) Chapter Eight A/N: Thank you so much to all of you that have reviewed this story so far!
Tears were pouring down her face, but she quickly wiped them, "Come on, Ron, let's go check Harry's office for any information that might help get them back."
Ron asked, confused in the same whisper.
Louis said loud enough for the twins to stop talking and the attention to turn towards him.
She said, her hair turning an angry shade of red.
I look forward to getting to know you all and learning all your secrets to exploit them to your older selves back in the future."
"Uh-um-well, yeah, I guess so," Albus said, tripping over his words.
Ginny, who was never one to turn down a kiss from her husband, kissed him back before pulling back and staring at him straight on and said in a stern voice, "You better tell me what your hiding right now Harry Potter or Merlin help me, you'll be sleeping on the couch!"
Before Freddie could open his mouth, Albus answered his unasked question, "He's upstairs in his room with Louis."
"Oh Teddy, always tripping!"
Harry's mind swirled with confusing thoughts, "Well, how's that possible?!"
He had never seen the Point Me spell to cause his wand to spin, it worried him, where were, Jamie, Al, and Lily?
He then turned towards Dumbledore and met his blue eyes.
Ginny looked suspiciously at her brother and said, "Well it would be doing a lot better if my kids and the rest of my family were downstairs, but I can't seem to find them, know anything about that Ron?"
Mad-Eye nearly screeched at Tonks.
"Quite the hello," he said, "thought you would have had enough from this morning."
Albus turned to look at his companions who had followed him up the stairs.
"You're right, that is a little strange, why is Fred named Fred?"
Today she would be, thirty-eight.
They could go back to a time where Voldemort was still alive!
His mother asked, her threatening demeanour fading.
"So" Harry cleared his throat, "So, I have three children in the future?"
