"It's just" Lily bit her lip.
"Is Sev alright?," she asked with concerned eyes.
"Have you read the file I've given to you last week?
According to Phineus Black and other portrait, the boy had apparate within hogwarts ground.
He tried to reached to something, but instead his right hand was grabbed by Dumbledore.
"Did you really afraid of us, Moony?
"Merlin," Dumbledore gasped as he sank to his knees.
He coughed up blood and managed to glance towards the Headmaster who was in shocked, then all went dark.
He raised an eyebrow, 'what else issue about this boy' .
Dumbledore headed to his office.
He moved away from the head board and pulled her into a hug, but a few tears rolled down his cheek finally.
gasped Minerva as she saw blood on his robes.
All of them were silent till they reached the entrance, Sirius spoke, "it wasn't our fault, he didn't dodge our spell like he did before that" James say nothing, so did Peter.
Black, Pettigrew followed closely behind.
"What do you think you're doing?"
Lily was still for a moment, out of sheer confusion.
Knocks at the door startled him from his thought.
Dumbledore asked cheerfully, his eyes were twinkling as always and his mouth chewing lemon drop.
Remus was leading his friends to the Headmaster's office.
He doesn't care about Potter.
My door is always open for you, " encouraged Minerva smiling.
She sighed and put her hand on her forehead.
He was thinking what Snape said.
I had thought all of you had learn the lesson, but I'm wrong", continued Dumbledore, feeling dismayed.
Albus poured a cup of tea to Minerva as she took a seat in front of him.
"As I said, it was accidental magic, there was nothing to teach", snapped Severus.
Then, just yesterday they almost hex us but luckily James and Sirius were there to save us.
He eyed Dumbledore curiously.
As long as i can get out of there, doesn't matter".
I was there as well when Professor told them," she informed with a satisfied face.
"Now, Explain," demand Dumbledore sternly.
Sirius looked innocent as he thought Snivellus get what he deserved.
"Hogwarts has anti-apparation, no one can apparate within it, even Dumbledore himself, how did you do that?
I told them to leave you alone.
We can't help him, unless he open up for us".
He never expected the old man would said that.
He frowned as he forgot that he didn't know the password.
He furrowed his eyebrow slightly, confused the sudden question from her.
Albus looked up to him and stared at the boy.
He smirked inwardly as he knew what to do.
"Before we begin, may I have Mr Snape's wand first?"
"I heard that you apparate from the lake, is it true?"
Severus saw tears in her cheek.
After that she quickly open door and walked in.
"O..Of course, Professor.. Hmm, thank you" He stuttered a little.
J. K Rowling owns everything ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "Poppy!!
Severus proceeded out of the dungeons.
He continued "There has long been animosity between you four and Severus and now you can see what can happen when bullying gets out of control" "Bullying?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Minerva was thinking as she walking slowly in the corridor.
"Lily, they're not my friends, not anymore.
"We just wanted to ask him how he apparate the other day.
But she still kept staring at the book looked like she was thinking something else.
I can't believe that I was being unfair to him", sobbed Minerva with tears fall down to her cheek.
Door opened Professor Mcgonagall entered.
Probably some paper that he requested earlier.
"We were just waiting to talk to him," Sirius said, trying to sound and look innocent.
"Potter and his gang already punished by Professor Flitwick, detention till rest of the year.
I really wanted to get out of there, far from them.
'Last time in the lake incident, he remembered that he saw Lily smiled at his humiliation.
Hmm..I'm feel better now", replied Severus as he headed to his bed.
", Dumbledore called the matron as he entered the infirmary.
Apart from injury fighting with marauder, Poppy had detected sign of abuse.
"Poppy, can I see Severus's medical file?
At that time, Lucius already offer him to stay at Malfoy Manor.
I even suspended them and took away Mr Lupin prefect badge" explained Albus.
I always made you startled lately."
He turned to his study but he noticed Lily was blushing when she saw Potter entered.
There were no any hexes, maybe just harmless--" "Don't you dare use that word in front of me anymore!"
"Albus, here the papers you asked", said Minerva.
Then, he silently walked over to his desk and sat down behind it.
"We... we were just curious how he apparate in hogwarts ground the other day.
A group of fifth year, his 'friends' playing chess and exploding snap.
"Severus, does your father treat you well?"
", he called as he panicked the boy fainted.
Poppy cast a curious look at him, stunned at his request.
From his memory, he remembered Lily got Acceptable in history of Magic.
"How did you apparate in hogwarts ground?
"Of course, Albus," Professor McGonagall replied.
He cast a disappointment look to James especially as this boy was more rational in the last incident.
So, I focused on my Magic, suddenly i was up at Astronomy Tower", he explained softly looking down to his hand.
He leaned down gently brushed some of Severus's dark hair out of his eyes and looked into his face the best he could.
Dumbledore beamed at him.
Remus had admitted that this evening.
I guess.. it was my fault too.
"Stupefy" "Stupefy" Severus was caught both spells squarely in the chest.
Maybe he really did care.
Tonight I caught them", said Albus with a sigh.
"Thank you for still being my friend" Lily smiled.
"Well, you did the right thing now", replied Poppy.
Then, he turned and headed to his room.
Slowly he get off the bed and headed to the washroom.
"He'll come around I think", said Avery.
There was definitely disappointment on her face.
"Er.. what James said is true sir", replied Remus nervously.
Off to the dorm with you," said Minerva.
He totally forgot about his wand.
"I would like to apologize for not believe you before, " said Minerva with a sadness in her face.
"Thank you Sir," she said.
Severus say nothing, looked down to the floor.
Albus looked at him through his spectacle.
