Maybe I was just dreaming, but some thought in the back of my head, clearer than any thought I ever had, told me I was dead.
Newton defied his own theory by not reacting at all to Einsteins words.
For all I know, I fell asleep one evening and woke up on this hill.
His positive energy seemed to flow into me; I didnt resist.
Just as I wanted to take in the strange landscape for a second a shout from right behind suprised me:Look, a new fella!
Einstein laughed out loud:Theres no time for eating when you meditate all day.
Suddenly, a familiar looking old man that I couldnt quite identify came rushing towards us, carefully trying not to spill whatever was in the in the 2 glasses he was holding.
Stuck in an afterlife with all famous souls?Great!But what was I doing here?I mean, I was just an average scientist that published some papers about stem cell research...wait...maybe this one thing was more important than I thought... Einstein interrupted me again:See, that guy over there under the tree, thats my friend Newton!He still sits there everyday, thinking hell come up with something great.
Come on, Einstein, dont keep him all to yourself!
Wait, King Arthur was real?
Might write another part, but at the moment I just cant think of any more references to throw into the story.//
Truly fun to write, thank you for the inspiration.
I realized some other, very slim person was sitting under the tree aswell: Who is that?, I asked.
&#x200B;  // I just couldnt think of all those poor souls waiting to die, so I decided to make a comedy out of it.
HEEY NEWTON!We already discovered gravity, no reason to sit there anymore!
This place seemed to hold an endless amount of suprises.
He raised his hand, and in doing so dropped one of the glasses he was holding.
No one really knows how long he was here, but King Arthur said he was already there when he came.
I turned around and couldnt believe my eyes: Was that Einstein?Before I could think any further he grabbed me by the shoulder and started walking while chatting in the most cheerful way:I know what you want to ask, yes Im Einstein and all this here is...well... some sort of afterlife or purgatory, and we are probably stuck here until our name is said for the last time, atleast thats what Sokrates thinks.
Really?I always imagined him to be... you know a little bit fatter, like in the sculptures.
