I live in a world where Greg The Flying Grape is the most tweeted-about perso.
pparently, he was a surgeon and created a material that can become weightless at wil.
he obvious next step was to replace his major bones with this material (he calls it GrapeMatter).He's a dic.
 mean, all he does is talk to the media about how he can't save the world without help from all of us and how "we are all one people".I guess I should talk about 2017, where he saved 3 falling planes in 3 weeks and then saved 7 schools in one week from a shoote.
ow everyone calls him the greatest person eve.
 just want to have ONE WEEK where the media doesn't gush over his supposed awesomenes.
o I decided I would assemble my cre.
o, we don't mess aroun.
e cannot be tracke.
e work through the deep we.
've made some income through my deep web search engine, Not Evi.
hit, that was eas.
e just PM'ed him through his Twitter account and invited him to an intervie.
e own an apartment in downtown Orlando and we've got a few traps set u.
 am legitimately excite.
k, I know he can survive a fully-automatic weapon from his adventures in California, but I'm not sure he can survive a shotgu.
e can survive over 1000 degree temperatures in Fahrenheit and over 20Gs of forc.
o we won't kill him with knifes or gun.
e do have the Fucking sun at our disposal and we have a few mirrors here and ther.
et's get into positionOh my God, he's here.
"Hello""Hello, my good friend""Ok, let's start this interview with a ban.
hat have you been doing in the last 9 months""Nothing muc.
've just been a good person and have been enjoying the occasional interview""Have you realized that the media has been sucking your dick?
""Can you say that on the air?
""Oh, n.
hat would end terribly for me""What's going on""Alright, I'll level with yo.
 hate yo.
he media has twisted your heroics from last year and spun it to make it seem like news.
""That sucks, but I can't control that""Not now, but you could have""And since I didn't, what are you going to do about it?
""Is that a threat?
""Maybe""That's funny, I was going to threaten you""What are you doing?
""Ok, you can go""I don't feel well, WHAT HAVE YOU DONE!?
""I just shot a powerful, but invisible, and small Gamma-ray Lazer right into your hear.
obody will notice it was me and you don't even know my name.
""YOU GAVE ME CANCER?
""Oh, that won't be what kills yo.
e have a giant freezer right above you""ARE YOU GOING TO-""No, were not going to crush yo.
e're going to take a giant ice cube and crush you with tha.
e have a truck to carry the Lazer and Freezer awa.
e have established a moving company and disguised the truck as tha.
e have also started a leak right above yo.
njoy that as you die.""Why?
""Fuck you, that's why!
"*Crushing soundsLike if you want part 2
