"chicken soup, CHICKEN SOUP!!
!I'm vegan you ASS!Ugh some of it got into my mouth!Gross, so gross!That's it, you're paying for thi.
ome over here!
""Wait!wait, wait, wait!!
!Lets talk about this, you're supposed to listen to my commends or right?
""And your protective circle is where smart ass?Or did you think summoning a fourth level demon in a pot full of boiling white meat would end up well for y.
TOP RUNNING!
""Mushroom soup the.
y granny always made the best, you wouldn't even notice that there was no meat on the table that da.
ow about that?Just, just don't hurt me!
""Does it have any cream or dairy in it?I TOLD YOU I'm VEGAN!
""Errrrr just a minute, yes found it!I mean no, no dairy in this recip.
ook, all 100 percent dairy and meat free!
""Well....I do need to get this disgusting taste out of my mout.
ine, you get to cooking and I'll see about creating a portal hom.
ug me and I swear I'm dragging your sorry ass with me.
""But, but the kitchen was destroyed.. you.... Ok, Ok, I'll figure it ou.
lease just give me a second.
"**20 minutes later**BOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMM"Oi, why'd you summon me?I'm a level five demon you know, show more respect!And what the hell is this rabbit food covering me?
"##########He walks in as if nothing's happened and sits at the head of the tabl.
ith a somewhat forced light-heartedness he calls to mom to hurry up with dinne.
he collar on his shirt is frayed, Salt and pepper have finally made an appearance around his temple.
he lines on his weather beaten face are that of a hard lif.
om is hurrying between the kitchen and dinner tabl.
he keeps her head down and eyes on her task as He throws little jibs at he.
 try to catch her ey.
om... what do we do?Do we pretend nothing's happene.
o we keep going as if everything is fine?Do we confront and make a fus.
emand answers?Which is the right way mom?Finally the table is set and mom sits in her usual place to the right of my da.
nly I'm left standing ther.
nsur.
onfuse.
aitin.
f he demands I sit, I'll tell him of.
onfront him and even kick him ou.
f he does it in an apologetic way I might let it slide for no.
f he's too timid though then I'll know he's here to mooch off us and won't allow i.
 little thought in the back of head started whispering and I pushed it bac.
 won't think of tha.
t's not going to happe.
t won't!
*What if he doesn't acknowledges you?What will you do?What can you do?
* I wait, and wait, and wait.
