George couldn't understand i.
is mom was overjoyed about his father's father ranking, and how abruptly it jumped, and how much higher it jumpe.
hen everyone found out about the mugs, some people bragged, others hid their mug.
is father woke up late on the day of the change, so he didn't have a chance to do anything to stop people from seeing his ranking... and it was a pretty low rankin.
veryone was so confused with it- John was a perfectly good father to George, and everyone agree.
is low ranking made no sense, and most people didn't understand it, which caused people to wonder about how well John treated Georg.
ecause of this, George had been getting a lot of strange looks recently and some fairly personal and embarrassing question.
is neighbor, an elderly widow named Mrs. Wilson, had actually stopped him in his driveway on the way to school to ask him one of these said question.
ith a look of concern, she stopped George and like all people who have personal questions do, beat around the bush for awhile, and much to George's and Mrs. Wilson's own surprise, she abruptly spouted out, "Has John ever beaten you?
"George's face immediately became mortified, out of hurt and surprise that someone would even think to ask that questio.
rs.
Wilson, upon seeing this expression, of course assumed she was right, no matter what the boy said nex.
he would be sure to recall later to her video chat knitting circle how teary-eyed the boy became upon asking this question, and how she always suspected John was actually a horrible person ("You never see him at church, either!What can you expect from someone who doesn't respect God?
"Coming from the oldest in their circle, a pig-eyed women who believed all people who didn't go to church were always busy with the Devil's work).George of course told the widow how good of a father John was, and that he had never lain a finger on him in anger, but the old women had already decided she understood, reassuring him that her door would always be open to hi.
xpecting a far better day to follow, George took off down the street to catch his bu.
is expectations died too swiftly upon seeing his friends on the bus, who went silent when they saw hi.
he rest of his day followed the same patter.
ohn had seemed to be avoid the world in the days following the Mug Mishap, always looking extremely guilty to Georg.
eorge was angry with him, but didn't understand i.
e couldn't stand to address it directly and talk to his da.
everal days before John's mug showed a leap in ranking, John became much more active then he had been since the rankings came out, he went out and started buying toys for a child that was much younger then Georg.
eorge knew this, because he searched the bags his father brought hom.
is father then disappeared on a trip for a few days, and during this time his ranking skyrockete.
eorge grew so excited that he bragged that his father was going to bring him home a great new gif.
ut when he got home- this was when George became confuse.
ohn didn't bring him anything, but seemed far more relieved then how he was before he lef.
e also now seemed to have a hard time making eye contact with Georg.
veryone seemed so much more happy, and proud of John that no one inquired what he did on his tri.
is Mom even reassured George that it was probably nothing related, and that the proper ratings had just come through while he was awa.
eorge anger simmered, because he knew something wasn't righ.
ohn started taking more trips, and each time his rating went u.
eorge didn't understand, he saw less and less of John and felt John had become a worse da.
inally one day after John got back from his trip and George found a picture of a little boy with a note on the back- "You left when he was so young, but he still remembered yo.
e's so happy to have his father back- and so am I. XO, love Ruby".He showed it to his mom, and he had never seen her go so pal.
eorge's Mom had a massive fight that night with John, and when George got up the next morning, John was gon.
eorge only saw John again when he came to collect his things, and George's mother refused to let them talk to each othe.
onths later, George's Mom found John's old mug, left behin.
he mug now looked like how it did the day it was bought- it now said #1 Dad on i.
he smashed the mug on the floor.
