" Well I don't see why it shouldn't count," bellowed Thor Odinson, one hand resting on his hip, the other on the handle of Mjolnir, "I have wielded stranger things in defense of Asgar.
ne time I took a massive brewing kettle and --""We have all heard about the kettle," Odin interrupted in a calm but stern tone, "what I must decide here is whether he actually used it or not".Odin lowered his eyes to the mortal below hi.
is one eye gleamed with the knowledge of all things past and yet to com.
e knew what had happene.
ouis felt his knees buckle, but managed to stammer out "W-well I d-did brandish it m-menacingly".
"*Menacingly* said a voice from the corne.
lack eyes met Louis' for a moment before he dropped them to his fee.
peaking to Loki of what constituted 'menacing' may have been  mistake, Louis thought.
"You decided to live some nights under the stars, what you call *camping*", Loki continued with a grin that betrayed his contempt, "and there you were set upon by a hungry boar, an animal your ancestors have hunted for millenia".
"I was surprised!
"shouted Louis, forgetting his earlier hesitation for the moment.
"Its not like I had a sword or anything at my desposal.
""You were killed by a *pig*," Loki snapped, "and they are hunted with a spear you dumb swine".
"Loki you will have respect for my subjects," Odin said again in that impassable voice.
"They have become soft with their newer pursuit.
his one was trying to reclaim some of the old life perhaps".
"And he did brandish it quite menacingly" Thor added with a wink.
"Who shall we let in next, father?
"Loki asked.
"Shall the halls of Valhalla be filled with the likes of Devin the Thrower of Mixing Bowls?Or Boris of the Sharp Cheddar and Sharper Cheese Grater?
"Odin simply looked at his son then, and Loki must have felt a weight in that state for he quieted quickl.
ouis decided to fill the silence with one last plea.
"My Lord, think me as small as you will, but I was ready to cut that pigs eye it out had I not tripped on that root as it charge.
 was ready and willing to fight!
""Aye, perhaps we should let the tree in as well" Loki managed to slip in before Odin banged the butt of his staff into the marbled floo.
he sound of a great bell tolling came from all around as the staff hit stone.
"Now is the hour of judgement", Odin said gravel.
e regarded Louis agai.
ouis felt a chill run up and down his spine.
"Louis Glenson", Odin's voice boomed throughout the chamber, "I judge that a fighting spirit is as great a weapon as an.
nd since you did in fact scratch that boar across the face on your way down -""I did?
"Louis blurted out in excitement.
"Yes, and it was a fairly large boar", Thor chimed in.
"For Midgard" he added, and chuckled at Louis' audible gulp.
"Enough" Odin said again in that booming voice.
"We do not suffer cowards in Valhalla, but more and more it seems we suffer fools".
"Louis, Son of Gle.
ou may be a fool, but you are not a cowar.
ou may drink with your brothers in the halls of Valhall.
ake care the next time you meet a boa.
n Asgard they tend to much larger and fiercer" Odin ended with a smil.
he God King slammed his staff twice more into the floo.
he bell tolled twice, and Louis found himself seeing the chamber with new clarit.
t was stunningly beautiful, with massive tapestries depicting ageless glories mounted with gilded spears walls of ivory and marble of all colour.
y goodness, Louis thought to himself, I get to spend the rest of my days around sights like this, all because I forgot to bring my rifle with me!
