A certain man had a dream that he was chasing for eternit.
e had a secret that no one on eaeth kne.
ven the Lucifer himsel.
he man had a curse of immortalit.
e encountered this curse, since the creation of human.
e was a an animal that was on the brink of extinction, because the only member of his species have been killed of the clash between earth and have.
he day of incident was the day he met he.
he only person in his species that he have seen for a thousand yea.
t was a special day for him, not only have he found a member if his specie.
he days of his loneless has finally began to en.
ut due to the destiny of the youngman, he was denied the happines he was looking fo.
n arrow suddenly pierced to the head of the women he has just me.
he shocking moment caused the young man in to a berserker mod.
ue to his body features, he was not a threat to the members of heaven tribe and earth trib.
he youngman effortless tried to go rampage and kill them, but due to his small body he was knocked around like a ball, and thrown to the heart of the fores.
he youngman on the verge of death, muttered a word that would hunt both tribes for the actions the caused to the youngma.
uddenly, a branch of tree hurled toward the youngma.
hey hold him tightly as a mother would held her young chil.
he mysterious person non other than mother eart.
he has enough of the war that was killing her childre.
veryday she sees her children getting killed nonsto.
he amount of hatred in her heart made a glowing fruit, that had a dark light covering i.
he handed the fruit to the youngman and told him to eat it.100k year later, we see our youngman tall 5.9 ft tal.
andsome face, and six pack of musclea from the training he endured during these day.
he youngman was affiliated with all the knowledge that humans have accumulate.
he only thing was missing was the resources to complete his wor.
s for the war, both tribes stopped attacking each other as a new race emerged, which toppled the power scale from noth of the trib.
his race has the intelligent and protection of the ruler of the worl.
one of the 2 tribes were able to harm the.
s declaring a war with them ment, angering the creato.
ue to lucifer offering this offer to our writer, and making him quit while he was in the middle of writin.
e have to apologize for the inconvenience that our viewers experince.
ow excuse us, while we think what we will do with Lucifer offer.
