Gemmas breath caught in her throa.
he could hear him moving about the kitchen, his sure footsteps the same as usua.
ll morning shed been getting texts from her girlfriend.
AVE YOU SEEN THIS?Is this a joke?
?Philip hasnt noticed, butPicture after picture of coffee mugs.#2,675 Dad.556,637th Greatest Dad.477th Best Dad Eve.
t first she thought they were photoshoppe.
ne of those lame Facebook prank.
ut the accompanying messages from her friends were rea.
he group chat kept pinging while Gemma buried her hea.
hen, she smelled i.
offe.
h n.
emma whipped the pillow from the bed and in one fluid motion, gathered her infant son from the bassinet beside the be.
he ran through a list of compliments, distractions, anything to keep him from noticin.
ave wasnt sensitive, per se, but surely hed be hurt if he noticed the mug she bought him for his first Fathers Day suddenly contained far more digit.
he rounded the corner at the foot of the stairs and was met with a twinkling smile and his big blue eye.
orning, bab.
offee?
Gemma paused, trying to sneak glances at the mugs Dave had chosen to serve this mornings bre.
e always used itthere it was!But it was facing away from he.
m.
eah, thanks babe!Come here, mmm She leaned in for a warm kiss, shifting their son to her hi.
er left hand deftly swiveled the cup 180 degree.
tepping back, she met his gaze and smile.
e turned, and her eyes flicked to the cu.
h!Yeah babe?
Dave half-turned, back still to he.
omething wrong?Nothing!Just trying to pour one-hande.
gai.
ave made his way over to her, beamin.
ou always try, and I always say, let me do it.
Yeah, well..Yeah, I kno.
ork.
He pause.
eriously, you ok?
His eyes tracked hers while he finished pourin.
eah, its fin.
otally fine.
Gemma reached for the cup closest to he.
ey, mam.
ou know that ones mine.
Her hand grasped at empty air as he pulled it towards his fac.
hat?!
His blue eyes twinklin.
othin.
 love you.
Gemma blinked once, twice, to clear the tears that were forming behind her eye.
ust let me help you, ok?
He tapped the mug.#1 Da.
ays it right here.
Yeah.
She smile.
eah, it does.
