Youre fire.
he words burned my ears as they turned red with embarrassmen.
f course I didnt need this job, but it really hits you right in the pride to be fired from a stupid office positio.
nd for something as trivial as taking too much time for lunch, which I only did because some asshole caused a pile up right down the street last Tuesda.
t was on the news and everything, but Jim, my boss, still blamed m.
pparently I should have just left my car in traffic and walked back to the office or somethin.
 think hes had it out for me since the beginnin.
hat sleazeball tried to put the moves on me my first day, but I just ignored him without trying to be overly rud.
fter he realized he wasnt getting anywhere, he had been trying to find an excuse to get me out of her.
he whole office was filled with women and spineless men and he wasnt a fan of people who didnt kiss his as.
 mostly just kept the job because it was eas.
hat Jim doesnt doesnt know is Ive had it out for him to.
s I packed up my stuff from my desk, my phone buzze.
t was Emilio, my PI on retaine.
e watched my back for the people who wanted to steal my mone.
obody knew -I- had it, but they did know about Marceline Jovovic.
hats the name I use when I wanted to purchase anything that might arouse suspicion of nice, mousy Jane McFarli.
hats not my real name either, but its what everyone here knows me a.
arceline was also the face that made me the money I have toda.
ts not exactly legal, what I do, but it sure it fu.
milios text read, I found something you might want to see.
Underneath was a picture of a first draft of a news articl.
t wasnt in a newspaper, just on the design layou.
t read:LOCAL MAN ACCUSED OF SEXUAL HARASSMENT ON MULTIPLE EMPLOYEES FOUND GUILTY, FINED $5000I chuckled to mysel.
ing.
e had been trying to find dirt on Jim for a while now and this seems like it was buried pretty dee.
o doubt he paid more to get it covered up so his business didnt go down the drai.
 never saw it on the local news, so I guess it didnt get any further than this draf.
 dont think Jim is the violent type, but I do wonder what happened to the person who was writing this articl.
 finished packing up my stuff and walked down to my car, giving Jim the nastiest glare I could muster on the way ou.
he rest of my coworkers were giving me pity looks, but I just smiled and got out of there as fast as possibl.
hen I got to my busted up VW bug, I put the box in the front seat and texted Emilio bac.
end i.
hen I woke up the next morning, I turned on the TV to find Jims face plastered all over the new.
milio had even located his victims and convinced them to tal.
e could pay them more than Jim ever coul.
s I watched the news unfold, I decided that maybe this would be as good a time as any to take a vacatio.
arma is delicious.
