Jeremy suddenly found himself standing in a backyar.
cattered across the grass under the shade of a large tree were various toys for a young chil.
 large platform swing hung from a branch of the tree, and on the other side sat a small brown cottage with pink shutters, a blue roof, and yellow flowers painted on the doo.
 shabby white fence surrounded the yard and disappeared around the sides of a modest 2 story white hous.
eremy stood there looking around, confused as to where he was and why he was ther.
he last thing he remembered was a bright flash followed by a loud bang, darkness and silence, and then he was her.
efore he could call out for help for, a voice drew his attention back towards the hous.
tanding in doorway was a little girl, red hair in braids, and a big smile on her face."Mommy!
"she yelled to someone inside the house.
"I'm goin outside!I got a new friend to play with!
"She ran down the handful of steps leading from the door and ran straight towards Jerem.
s he opened his mouth to speak, a young woman with the same red hair came in view in the doorwa.
 small smile creeped across her own face as she watched the child head for Jerem.
he showed no reaction to seeing a strange man standing in her yar.
he slowly turned away and closed the doo.
eremy closed his mouth, stunned that the woman didn't acknowledge him, and he stared at the door waiting for it to reopen."Hi!
"Becca squealed at him, causing him to jump as stood inches away from hi.
he giggled from startling him.
"Um, h.
an you get your mommy for me please?I need some hel.
 think I'm lost.
"Jeremy spoke with a mix of trepidation and nervousnes.
e didn't want to scare the girl even though he was filling with a confused fear himsel.
ecca giggled again.
"Mommy can't see you, silly!Let's go have a tea party!
"She grabbed his hand and tried to pull him towards her play cottage, but Jeremy pulled his hand free."Wai.
hat do you mean Mommy can't see me?I don't know how I got here or even where here i.
 need to speak with an adult.
"He started walking towards the house."Nevermin.
'll just knock.
"Becca grabbed his hand again trying to pull him back.
"Mommy can't ever see my friends, sill.
he calls them my magicary friends.
"She continued to tug on his hand getting frustrated.
"You're here to play with m.
ow let's go have a tea party!
"Jeremy once again jerked his hand free and stormed towards the hous.
e didn't know what game this little girl was playing, but he needed answer.
ecca let out a loud screech and yelled at him.
"NO!You are supposed to play with me!
"She balled her hands up in fists and stomped her fee.
he door to the house flew open "Becca?
!What's wrong?
"Worry was strong in her voice as the young woman hurried past Jeremy.
"Ma'am, I'm los.
lease help..." Jeremy begged to the woman, but was interrupted by the whining child.
"Mommy!He won't play with me!Tell him he has to play with me!
"Jeremy again tried to speak but Becca's mom talked over him.
"Who, huni?Who won't play with you?
""My new friend!
"Becca pointed to Jeremy.
"He won't have a tea party with me.
""Ma'am, I can explain.
"Becca's mom looked in the direction where the little girl was pointing, then looked back at her without acknowledging Jerem.
he worry relaxed out of her face as she told her daughter "Well, you tell him that Mommy said he has to play whatever you want.
"Jeremy's mouth dropped opene.
hat is going on here?He moved around to be in the woman's line of view, again trying to speak but being interupted.
"You tell him mommy!He won't listen to m.
e's being a poo-poo head!
"The mother turned towards where Jeremy was previously standing and pretended to scold her invisible friend.
"Now listen here, Mr. Poo-Poo Head!
"Becca giggled.
"Mommy, he's not over there anymor.
ow he's right here.
"She pointed to the spot next to her where Jeremy was now standing."Ma'am!
"Jeremy waved his arms.
"I'm right here!
"Becca'a mom pointed her finger in his direction and sternly said "Ok, Mr. Poo-Poo Hea.
ou will play with Becca or you will go in a time ou.
o I make myself clear?
"Jeremy reached out and tried to touch the woman's pointing finger, but his hand went right through i.
e dropped his head in defeat, shoulders slumped forwar.
he realization hits hi.
he woman can't see or hear him.
"Thanks mommy!
"Becca smiled triumphantly at at her mom and then at Jerem.
he grabbed his hand and led him to the cottage.
"Have fun sweetie!
"her mom said before heading back into the house....and so began the endless days of being bossed around by a 6 year old dictator, unable to leave, unable to deny the chil.
hen she complained to her mom about Mr. Poo-Poo Head, Jeremy's new name despite telling her his real one, forces unknown compelled him to obe.
e felt like a marionette tied to strings unable to escape the evil witch's cottag.
eremy concluded that he must be dead, and while he had no memory of before, he must have done something truly awfu.
ho knew hell was being trapped as the invisible friend to a 6 year old spoiled brat?
