The sleigh used its magic to soar through the air on the final year of my curs.
he magic protected me from the blinding snow as I arrived at the final house of the night: 36 Carlton Avenu.
he Elves didnt need a Santa to distribute all the presents; they would magically appear wherever they were neede.
enturies earlier, I wondered why a Santa was needed at all if he wasnt essential to delivering present.
enturies later, I understood that Santa wasnt just for the kid.
 headed down the chimney of 36 Carlton Avenu.
t was a wooden shack in the ghetto.
he coal from the mines had formed a thin powder on every surfac.
 stench wafted through the house as I entered through the fireplac.
t was a dark and cold room, but the Christmas tree was visible in the moonligh.
 put down the heavy sack I carried and pulled out the present for Jame.
hen I heard a small gasp behind m.
 young boy, still in his PJs, stood in the hallwa.
 smiled and put a finger to my lip.
uie.
ou dont want to wake up your parents, do you now?James spoke quietl.
i Sant.
nd hello to you, young Jame.
s is tradition, any child who finds Santa gets to share his cookies and milk now, doesnt he?The young boys eyes lit u.
h sure thing Santa!
He climbed on the couch as I sat dow.
o young man, what would you like for Christmas?Ooh, ooh!Id like a the new train set!Yknow the one from the general store?A twinkle shone in my ey.
 took a bite of a cookie and sai.
f course Ill get you that.
With a wave of my hand, I magically changed the contents of the present I left for hi.
hank you, Santa, Suddenly, James smile droppe.
ell, there was another thing I was hoping to get this Christma.
an I get two this year?Ive been really goo.
 smiled, hoping to cheer up the boys sudden sadnes.
f course young ma.
hat would you like?James mumble.
an you tell me when my dad will come home?Mom always says hes gonna be back soon, but its been a long tim.
 was taken abac.
ow was someone supposed to answer that?James, I think you know what happene.
 need you to-James burst into tear.
ad left me!He left because hes a dang bastard!I gave the young boy a hu.
ey, its oka.
ames, can I tell you a secret?Something Ive never told another soul?James nodde.
 wasnt always Sant.
 long time ago, I was a young man, just like yo.
 travelled to a land very far from here in search of gol.
am.
ortun.
 was greedy, along with the men I travelled wit.
nd eventually, we found what we were looking fo.
ut I got too greed.
 didnt want to split the shares with anyon.
o I led everyone astra.
 hoped that the men I was with would succumb to the arctic cold before I di.
nd it worke.
xcept I also started to get sick from the weathe.
 only survived because The Elves saved m.
s punishment for my crimes, I was sentenced to be a slave for a thousand year.
ames had stopped crying, looking at me intentl.
nd during my time as a slave, I learned that people are flawe.
ometimes, they do wrong things because they never knew what its like to be hur.
ometimes theyve been hurt so much that all they know what to do is hurt peopl.
hats oka.
ames nodde.
nd as my time as Santa, I learned how to give joy to the people around m.
 learned how to let the pain of trauma pass awa.
 learned how to give to little boys and girls, just like you Jame.
oure gonna be okay.
