Leaping forward, Flux landed a disastrous and gravity assisted punch to the half demon Mephist.
he hybrid was always first to attack and the first to fal.
lux used his gravity bending powers to pull himself in an arc around the fallen villai.
is curve was expertly timed and brought him face to face with the remaining thieving scu.
oo late Flux!
Arch Bishop bellowe.
he Radium is well on its way to our lair!Yeah, thats why Im going to make this quick.
Flux smirked knowingl.
e pulled Mind Trap towards hi.
er powers were too dangerous to dela.
e simultaneously brought a nearby dumpster with his power and carefully squeezed it around he.
he metal muting her mind powers and encasing her for the ULHs task force.
wo down, Bishop, I hope you brought more friend.
m not even warmed up yet!
Flux boaste.
rch Bishop was on him quicker than he expecte.
e must really need this radium for some dastardly purpos.
lux weighted his arms with his control of gravit.
locking Arch Bishops staff swings with his newly strengthened arm.
rch Bishop was not one to attack wildl.
lux knew he could use this to his advantag.
ed let him tire himself before making one crushing assault to end the figh.
lux saw his momen.
rch Bishops staff swung wide as his arms began to weake.
rms getting heavy, Bishop?
Flux knew he had wo.
t seems like youve gained some weight!
Flux brought his power fully to bea.
e was pulling his mental focus entirely onto Arch Bishops for.
trength coursed through Arch Bishop like Flux had never see.
e was a mastermind not a brawle.
ow could he resist such weight for so long?Sweat formed on Fluxs brow as he exerted every resource he ha.
rch Bishop buckled and fell; His knees leaving cracks in the pavement as he fel.
emoving some of his own gravity Flux sprang forward.
LACK HOLE PUNCH!
He Announced in victory before increasing the weight and density of his right ar.
rch Bishop never had a chanc.
ow he had to find that truck full of radiu.
eaping over the skyline he began his searc.
 scream from the fallen Mephisto followed his boun.
ELL GET YOU NEXT TIME FLUX!--------------------------Is it done?
an old haggard voice aske.
emoving her withered hand from his head; a fragile, and now aged, Mind Trap looked tearfully at an elderly Mephist.
he dementia She choked on a so.
ts making it harderI know Mind Trap.
Mephisto reached for her shoulder and gave it a reassuring squeez.
o one should live like tha.
t least we can give him these moment.
ephisto placed his hand on the chest of his once greatest riva.
ell get you next tim.
riend.
