I woke up this morning the way I usually d.
prawled out on my pullout couch in my studio apartment to my alarm clock - coffee maker setting up a fresh bre.
 crawled out of my bed, poured myself a bowl of Frute Chutes and started drinking my coffe.
fterwards, I went through the usual morning hygiene process, pulled on my slacks, white button up, wacky tie, and my black loafers and began my trek to wor.
eing incredibly rich and not blowing my money on luxuries is difficult, but I find it rather humblin.
he money I make working for The Corporation I immediately give to charit.
 don't need i.
he money I had after my parents passed immediately went into a savings account and blew up to an exuberant amount a few years late.
 couldn't access it until I was eighteen, but I never really needed i.
y parents made sure of tha.
he only reason I work for The Corporation is to hide how much I really hav.
'll continue letting the world think that the richest person is Bill Gates, or whoever it i.
or now, I'll maintain my simple lif.
hen I arrive to work, I immediately get an email from my boss the moment I punch i.
e wants to see me in his offic.
robably to offer me that promotion agai.
 keep telling him I don't want i.
s I walk down the hall to his office, I notice my coworkers give me dodgy look.
learly, something's wrong.
"You wanted to see me sir?
"I ask.
"Yes, sit dow.
e need to talk about your performance as of late."Mr.
Baus says.
"Sir, if it's about the promotion, I haven't change my min.
 still don't want it.
""You have one thing right, it is about the promotio.
ut I'm no longer offering it to yo.
ecause of your lack of interest in moving up, I've decided you need to move ou.
our fire.
 always thought you were an excellent worker, but clearly you don't care about this company or your position in i.
lease, gather your things and get ou.
f you're not gone within the hour, I'll call security.
"I sat, shocked, stunned, befuddle.
 did so much for The Corporatio.
'm getting fired for not wanting to move up the ladder?I'll show hi.
e'll regret the day he crossed m.
 stormed out of the office, grabbed my things from my cubicle, and immediately left the buildin.
 decided to walk home instead of calling a Ryde to pick me u.
ave me time to plan my reveng.
r.
Baus has no clue the amount of money I have and the expenses I'm willing to pay to make his life a living hel.
'll start by getting a PI to learn everything about hi.
on-lethal allergies, the worst pet peeves, et.
 will constantly cause him stress and minor pai.
e'll never know it was m.
verything that happens will seem like a minor inconvenience, but all together it will be the perfect reveng.
 think, while I research a good PI, I'm going to let out all the air from Baus's tire.
ot slash them, no, then he'd just get them replace.
 want him to put forth the effort of refilling his tires himsel.
et the revenge plan begin...
