I still remember the test like it was yesterday, in the middle of a small and empty room there was this lone chai.
t looked like one of those chairs you are when at the dentist, there's even a bright light attached to i.
 was just told to sit down and relax, the test would be fully automatic and I didn't have to do anythin.
 don't remember the actual test though, it all went black the moment they put me in that chai.
owever I will never forget the look on her face when I came out agai.
he was definitly a scientist of sorts, dressed in a white medical coat, with brownish hair pulled back into a pony tail, and her eye.
lue eyes filled with fear and shoc.
 couldn't do anything but to stare into those eye.
hen THEY cam.
arge brutish security guards told me to come with them, I would refuse but they "insisted".And for the last year I was locked inside an old prison placed in, god knows wher.
tleast they treated us well, lucky I gues.
 once asked why we were locked in here, what did getting a 100 rating actually mea.
he guard just laughed at me and told me that I didn't need to kno.
ut now I know why, after almost a year inside me and a few others managed to escape into the real worl.
he prison was really set in no where, but we got lucky and a car pulled up to us after only a short whil.
ow I really see it was good fortune we were allowed to have our ordinary clothes on even inside the prison, I guess they couldn't make things too bad for us as we had done nothing wron.
e separated and now I am back in New York, and damn have I missed the old appl.
ut quickly I realised the lucky 100 maybe wasn't that lucky anywa.
fter getting here I was looking for an appartment, when suddenly a young girl being thrown out on the stree.
 asked what happened and apparantly she hadn't been the best appartment guest, the landlord then just asked me if I wanted a place to sta.
e couldn't leave the appartment unattended and she wasn't let in agai.
 couldn't say no to an appartment, even if I had no money or anythin.
he money problem wasn't really a problem, already after a few hours an ATM started spreading out cash after a disorde.
t wasn't my cash but I needed some, just to pay my ren.
 have noticed though, things such as this has happened all the time since I came out, random good things happening to me, but bad things happening to people around m.
y neighbours have also realised that and are actively avoiding m.
s the 100 luck actually a curse, am I forced to "steal" the luck from others, because that's what it feels right no.
he last few days things have gotten worse, last day a man fell infront of a car, I couldn't help but think it was due to m.
he car would have hit a puddle of water if it wasn't for him, and that would definitly have soaked m.
tleast he didn't seem to be too injure.
his is getting too much now, I can't leave my appartment without something "bad" happening, the moment I step outside there is someone injuring themself or losing something just so I can get a small improvemen.
've had people who was walking slower than me on the sidewalk trip to the side so they didn't get in my wa.
 think however that the cops have started to notice me, there have been to many strange things going on around m.
omeone just die.
 was just in the store, going to shop...It,fell down on hi.
...I never meant to harm him, I just asked if he could reach the top shel.
hen it collapsed, he fell and his hea.
is headHe hit his head and died, the thing I wanted just landed in my shopping car.
 understand now, I know why we are being locked i.
 have tried to call the police, the line is always bus.
 tried to go to the police station, a disaster happened and none would even speak to m.
he prison must be a secret, I can't find it in any maps and I can't remember where it was, I just want to get bac.
 just want to be comfortable again, IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK!!
!I don't know why I keep write this down, I thought I would find some comfort in reading this but I don'.
t just reminds me of the bad things I've led t.
his will be the last entry, people have died thanks to m.
 can't let it happen agai.
t won't let me finish it
