Huma.
 do not know how to tell you this, but I'll put it in terms you may understan.
ou know how you humans say "cats have nine lives"?Well, dogs live foreve.
e come through different lives and bodies, like the cat.
owever, we are always dogs or wolve.
 am here to give you a run down of my lif.
irst, I would like to tell you a story, taught to all dogs as pup.
n the days after creation; when there was no day or night, only twilight: humans and wolves lived in coexistence, two children were born in one da.
his isn't abnormal today, but in those days, not many people were alive, and thus not many being bor.
 wolf girl, and a human bo.
he girl, named Kula, and the boy named Dab.
he wolf priestess took it as a sign from the human sun god Ts'eyahi , and the wolf  moon goddess Ch'erek'a, that they were bound to be together foreve.
ula and Dabo were raised together, their families had arranged them to be married when they were olde.
uch things were accepted in those early day.
ne time, when they had gotten to be older; Kula and Dabo were playing together in the fores.
ou see, in those days, many horrid things lived in the mists beyond the villag.
hings that defied logic, space and tim.
s they played, one such thing preyed on the.
ula saw it firs.
he knew what she had to do to protect her best frien.
he leaped at the neck of the beast, and tore out it ou.
n honor of that first act of bravery, wolves now kill their prey by going for the nec.
ears later, when they had grown up, a human woman named hi,  contested for the affection of Dab.
i pleaded and prayed and still she didn't get the affection of Dab.
fter a while summer if rejection, hi was twisted, and deprave.
he knew what she would have to do, if she wanted Dab.
ne day, she slipped hemlock into a cup of  water, and gave it to Kula, who was thirsty from being out in the hunting part.
ula got sick, and Dabo tended to her every need while Kula was laid lo.
his display made hi furious, and she found another wa.
he was helping to build a stone hut, for a family member, when she caught sight of Kula and Dab.
he knew then, how she would end her once and for al.
i told Kula that she needed to speak to her in privat.
he two went outside of the town, into the fores.
i took a masonry stone, and tried to smash Kula's  head i.
owever, after the first blow, a giant wolf appeared to fall from the sky.
"You will stand down from my children!
"Said a pearl white wolf, with a voice somewhere between a growl and a blood curdling screa.
t was the lunar wolf goddes.
i tried to run, but the giant wolf smacked hi  down with her pa.
ula hid under the Ch'erek'a, and hi fell to the ground and began to sob.
"Me and Ts'eyahi did not give either of you the right to cause harm to each other!You have no power... No right to harm each other!Now, we will have to reconsider things.
"The Ch'erek'a healed Kula's head, and went on.
"You are coming with me, while I speak with the human god.
"The wolf goddess took hi to yewishawibtemenigiitiwehinbti,  the prison in Ch'erek'a's palace on the moon, where the angelic servants of Ch'erek'a, kept her as a prisone.
h'erek'a's servants did this until Ch'erek'a and  Ts'eyahi came to a consensus on what the future would b.
fter many lifetimes of debate, they came to several conclusions about the futur.
t was determined that humans and wolves were both flawed, and need to be separate.
umans would embody the day, knowledge, and wickednes.
olves would embody night, justice, wilderness, and temperance between peace and violenc.
t was determined that all living things from there on out, would di.
t was determined that wolves and humans, and thus day and night, would  be separated for 90,000 year.
s'eyahi sentenced hi to be devoured by Ch'erek'.
h'erek'a's stomach being the realm of umhlabawokubolakunyenexhala, or as you humans would know it, hell itsel.
t was determined that Ch'erek'a would handle   afterlife justice, devouring any  who were cruel in life, and permitting the kind to dwell in ilizwelothandonoxolophakathikwazozonkeizinto , or as you humans would know it, paradis.
s'eyahi would be responsible for keeping life on Earth, by harnessing the sun and wate.
nd finally, a new race would be created, to bind man and wol.
 race of pure light, taking the knowledge of man, the justice of wolves, and the goodness that both races had been intended to hav.
hat is what I a.
hat is do.
ow, that I have told you of our past, owne.
ow it is time for my stor.
 was a servant of Ch'erek'.
 was created to do her wil.
ne day, I was told that I was to go down to earth as a dog, to help bring in ixeshaelitshanelingunaphakadelokuphelela, or as you would say, the new and eternal age of perfectio.
wner, after I am done here, I will return to Ch'erek'a's palac.
oon, man and wolf will no longer be separated, and things will be perfec.
h'erek'a and Ts'eyahi will come down to stay on Earth, and you and I will be together foreve.
ogs will govern all things from that day on, and I will treat you, just as you treated me, as a loving companion who will live with me, as I rule, forever.
