"May you find the peace I couldn't give you.
"Mark muttered, throwing in a single sunflower in the hole, fluttering down in the dark pi.
t landed without making a sound on the strange black box on the bottom.
"I'm going to miss you so much..." His voice faded as tears overwhelmed hi.
he sound of rain dripping on the saggy ground was occasionally overtaken by a family member or a stranger Marlinda didn't recognize snorting their nose.
*Maybe they all need a blanket and some tea too keep warm?
* Marlinda thought, worried about them getting the sniffle.
om made tea and snugged her in a warm blanket when she was sick and it always made her feel bette.
arlinda didn't understand why everyone around her looked so gleam, meeting her family normally filled her with joy, but not this tim.
er parents, her grandmother, and all the other faces she had never seen before were cryin.
nd Uncle Mark was the saddest of them al.
is eyes were streaming with tears, red and flustere.
e looked like a completely different Uncle Mar.
arlinda couldn't remember him doing anything but smile at her -- He never cried.
*Maybe it is because he can't find Aunt Alice?
* Marlinda though.
osing at hide and seek made her feel sad to.
o she decided to help Uncle Mark, looking around the meadows surrounding them, searching behind the bushes and the trees, hoping to find the smiling face of Aunt Alice somewhere in the par.
he always had the most amazing laugh when Marlinda found he.
lice always managed to make her feel happ.
o cheer her up no matter how sad she fel.
arlinda was sure she'd be able to cheer Uncle Mark up.
*Maybe she is behind one of the stones?
* Aunt Alice had to be hiding somewhere; she always loved playing hide and seek with when she came to visit he.
he tried to walk away and take a look behind the strange stone.
here were so many of them, more than she could ever count.
"Mommy, I wanna go look for Aunt Alice" Marlinda said, poking her mom in the side to catch her attention.
"Mommy?Can I go look?
"She repeate.
ormally Mom would laugh and smile at her, letting her go roam fre.
ut her mom's hand gripped her tight -- too tight -- she was hurting he.
as she mad?She didn't know what she had done wrong to upset Mom so much.
"Mommy, you're hurting me.
""Oh...I'm sorr.
hat did you say?You want to go look for Aunt Alice?
"Mom asked, her voice sounded hoarse.
"I want to help Uncle Mark find he.
e looks so sa.
 think it's making him sick.
""Oh sweet.
t's not like tha.
lice is just... She is..." She stopped as if unsure what to say.
"Marlinda my darlin.
lice...isn't hiding.
""Then where is she?
"Her mom's gaze went to the black box, her eyes were filled with pain and sadness and something else when she looked at it.
"She's in there" she whispered, nodding to the black box.
"She's dead, Marlind.
nd she's never coming back.
""Is that why everyone is sad?
"Marlinda asked, suddenly understanding why everyone looked so sic.
es sweety... We miss her very much.
"Mom rasped, her voice wavered.
"Then why doesn't Aunt Alice just come out if it makes you and Uncle Mark so sad?
"Marlinda felt confused why Alice would suddenly decide to be dead and lay in the bo.
t was nothing for her to make people sa.
e mom sighe.
haking her head at her question.
"I wish she could, sweety, I really wish that she coul.
ut she can'.
hat's what being dead mean.
he's gone.""Okay..."
Marlinda whispered, still confused about this 'dead'.
**A few hours later.
**"Thanks for the tea Hannah, you're amazing.
"Mark said, his voice was still ragge.
om, Mark and Marlinda were at hom.
ark had gone home with them for a cup of tea which he craddled in his hand.
e continued.
"It was a beautiful ceremony, I'm sure your sister would have loved it.""Anythin.
ar.
nything for you.
"Mom put her arm on his knee."Yeah..."
His voice faded.
"Mommy, what does being dead mean?
"Marlinda aske.
he'd been thinking about this 'dead' for a while now but it didn't make sense.
"Where did Aunt Alice go?
"Both looked at her with reddened eyes, tears formed ane.
ark face flushed white, smiling wanl.
e tried hard to force a smile but failed spectacularl.
is sobbing continued as it had done in the car ride hom.
om put her arms around him.
"Marlinda, go upstairs pleas.
e need to be alone for a moment.
""But Mommy-""Now Marlinda!
"Mom snappe.
arlinda felt shocked to hear the anger in her mom's voic.
nstinctively, she backed away, tears wellin.
he look on her mother's face softened.
"Go play with your dolls, sweety.
""Where do you think Aunt Alice went M.
ing?
"Marlinda poured him some more tea in his plastic cu.
r.
Ding, the formless plushen doll, had donned a black cape, serious clothing to mirror the seriousness of the situatio.
oday he was special agent Ding, ready to help solve the case.
"I don't know Marlind.
ut this dead place sure sounds scary!
"Agent Ding exclaimed.
"I guess s.
om was crying.
"Marlinda mumbled.
"But she's mad at me to.
he looked upse.
o you think her and Alice had a fight M.
oo?"M.
oo stared at her with glassy eyes, pondering on Marlinda's questio.
ontrary to Mr. Dings brazenness, the plastic doll always took his time with coming with an answer; but that made the answers better.
"I think Mom and Aunt Alice loved each other very muc.
arlind.
he wouldn't leave her because of a fight.
""But why did she leave to dead?Why did she want to leave us?
"Marlinda felt herself crying too, thick tears streaming down her cheek filling the empty cup on the table.
"I don't think she wanted to.
"A new voice answere.
 real voic.
 sweet voice filled with pain.
"Aunt Alice?
"Marlinda perked up and looked right at the face she loved so muc.
he appeared translucent but was clearly Aunt Alic.
he had the same beautiful sun-golden locks which flowed freely embellishing her fine feature.
er nose perked up slightly, just the sam.
lice's appearance radiated love, but her eyes seemed sad.
"Hi Marlinda.
"Alice said, grimacing.
"Aunt Alice!I've missed you so much!
"Marlinda exclaimed.
"I've missed you too Marlinda.
""You came back from dead!Mom said you left us forever!
""I'm not really bac.
 think.
"Alice turned her translucent hands, studying them.
"This is so strange.
""Do you want some tea?
"Marlinda said, picking up the pot.
"You can have Agent Ding's cup.
""Hey, that's my cup!
"Ding protested but the cup was snagged away before he could do anything about i.
arlinda started 'pouring'.
"Listen Marlinda, I'm not sure what's going on but I've got to tell you something.""O.
kay.
"Marlinda stopped midway her pouring tea.
"Is Mark here?
"Alice looked around.
"He is downstair.
ith Mom.
""Listen to me Alic.
his is very, very importan.
ou need to get him out of her.
ou need to get him away from your Mo.
nd you can't tell her about me.
""I don't understan.
hy not?
"Alice picked up the cup and took a sip.
"Because...she did something...bad.
""Mom is bad?
"Alice paused, thinking about the question.
"No Marlind.
oing bad things doesn't necessarily make people ba.
t's why people do bad things that makes them bad -- In your mom's case she did it because of love.
"She sighed.
"I guess I understand.
""Is it because of Mom that you went to dead?
"Marlinda aske.
lice paused, looking at her niece intently as if seeing her now for the first time as a person."Yes...
She made me dea.
isten Marlinda, tell him to look under the willow.
"She started to fade, her body turning glassy with faded colors, but continued.
"Make sure you tell him!
""Aunt Alice.""Yes?
"Her voice fleeting.
"Where are you going now?
""I don't know.
"She sounded scared.
"Will you think of me?
"Alice smiled one last tim.
t radiated love and peac.
arlinda hugged the sun-like image of her aunt."Always.
"She whispere.
nd with that she vanishe.
he cup fell on the table, ringing silently through the roo.
eaving Marlinda completely alon.
he screams from downstairs rung through the house.
