Clic.
he light over him clicked of.
ed been sitting still too long, and the motion detector turned off his ligh.
gai.
lexander Thomas stood and took off his heavy glasses, and massaged the bridge of his nose and looked into the fuzzy distanc.
he light over him snapped back o.
e put his glasses back on, and the fuzzy distance instantly snapped into focu.
e looked down the long aisle of books, six rows high, and almost a quarter mile lon.
s he stood at one end and stared down the row at the converging bookcases as they ran into the unlit darkness at the other end of the row, he thought for the umpteenth time, My lif.
or what felt like, and very really could be, the millionth time, he thanked whomever had created the abridged editions and indices of his lif.
is unabridged life was 70,674 numbered volumes, each of approximately 1800 pages, patiently cross-referenced for each interaction he had with someone, anyone, so long as the interaction merited inclusion in their life volum.
ven the abridged version of his life was 21 numbered volume.
ot for the first time, he chuckled to himself, the abridged version of his life warranted an abridged version and index all its ow.
n looking around this library, it seemed that if a persons life was more than 20 numbered volumes, they also had an abridged version of their life and an inde.
t wasnt that hard to reach those kinds of numbers, when you lived the kind of life he live.
is first inaugural address alone was 14 volumes, and his second inaugural address was another 17 volume.
veryone who watched or listened to either and/or both of the speeches and had an impression that warranted inclusion in their live volumes was reference.
ust over 10 million entries on slightly over two and a half hours of his lif.
is first campaign was another 25 volumes of almost nothing but cross-reference.
s he looked down the rows of his life, and into the darkness of the unlit areas of the space, the impact of his life on so many weighed on him agai.
is life wasnt even the largest in the roo.
hat would be Pope Giovanni III, who he had met shortly before he die.
iovanni, or George as he asked to be called in private, had nearly 2 miles of volumes - half an aisl.
ven Alexanders predecessor had more volumes that he did, but he had been in public life, first as a governor, then as a senator, then as a president, and finally, as a respected statesman, for nearly 70 year.
lexanders public life had been cut short before his 65th birthda.
e had long since made peace with the fact that he impacted so many peoples live.
e knew it when he was alive, and now that it was down in front of him in black and white, it was really stunnin.
hen he first found himself in this room, he searched in vain for a way ou.
e had no way of accurately measuring it, but it seemed like his life room was roughly 16 square miles - roughly four miles on a sid.
y his rough calculations, there were more than 260 million volumes of peoples lives in this roo.
n the eternity that he had been locked in, he had walked every aisle at least twic.
ow after row after row of volumes of peoples live.
ach volume had the same reddish leather cover and differed in only the names and volume numbers, and, in a very few instances, their thicknes.
rom what he could tell, no volume was over approximately 1800 pages, but there were tragically too many volumes that were much shorte.
he shortest volume that he had found was Ginas daughter, Erica, who had died just three days after she was bor.
ven that volume was almost 100 pages lon.
ust a sliver of his life, but amazing in how much she had impacted others by her short existenc.
or the millionth, or billionth time he walked to the door again and tried the kno.
t still didnt mov.
omewhere in those over 260 volumes of peoples lives was the key to escaping this roo.
ecause to escape this room, he had to figure out what he misse.
ecause that is what the sign on the door said: Only those who know what they have missed may enter the afterlife through this doo.
hat door was the only way ou.
lic.
arkness agai.
e was still too long agai.
or the millionth, or billionth time, he stood up, and took off his glasses and moved about waiting for the motion sensor to see his movement and turn the light back o.
fter all, in an eternity, who cares how many times it happens?After a few seconds, the light clicked back o.
e went to the next volume of his life and tried to figure out what he had misse.
uddenly a name popped out at hi.
t.
Susanna Moore-Bergquis.
is memory of that name was just beyond his grasp, but he knew he recognized it, and it was importan.
or the first time in a long time, Alexander moved quickly to find someones life storie.
hen he got to the Ms, he moved quickly down the aisle about 3/4 of the way down, and found her nam.
olume 9.Pages 1467 through 1680.Over two hundred pages?That cant be righ.
is entire military career, from bootcamp through his medical retirement after recieving the Medal of Honor was 300 abridged page.
ranted, the unabridged version was 3 volumes, but most of that was the references to the people he commanded, or kille.
ina, his first love, was only 180 abridged page.
t.
Moore-Bergquists life story was 18 volume.
ot uncommon for someone in either medicine or the military, where you wound up having a big impact on other peoples lives and coming into contact with a lot of different peopl.
ut still, over 200 unabridged pages?He stood there, bracing the book on the shelf, poring over her story, and why he was so important to he.
lic.
arkness agai.
e took off his glasses and rubbed the bridge of his nose again, but the light didnt come o.
h, yeah, righ.
e had to move and he had just been standing ther.
lexander stepped back and the book fel.
ot wanting to lose his place, he grabbed for it in the dar.
nd he dropped his glasse.
is only pair of glasse.
hen he heard that sound that everyone who has ever heard it will recogniz.
he sound of breaking glas.
lic.
igh.
uzzy sparkles on the groun.
lexander couldnt see what was causing them, but he knew what they wer.
he broken lenses of his glasse.
is futur.
is answer.
is hop.
ll gon.
lexander stood in stunned silence, too much in shock to even reac.
hen he heard a sound he had never heard in this afterlif.
he sound of a key in a loc.
nd he knew in an instant that the door was ope.
sing his hands, he fumbled his way to the door and tried the knob for the millionth or billionth tim.
or the first time it turned and the door swung ope.
lexander rushed through the door, and under the archway that said: Lasciate ogne speranza, voi ch'intrate.
