Kevin was as pure of heart a boy as one could fin.
ike so many little boys he adored his father, who shone in Kevin's thoughts as bright as the Sun; his light blocking out so much els.
ust last year Kevin had taken his pocket money and bought his father a "#1 Dad" mug from a stall at school set up for Father's da.
ob gave Kevin a great big hug when he got it and took his mug to work so he'd drink out of it everyday and be reminded of his son throughout the da.
evin often asked his dad about the mug and every answer set him gigglin.
onight Kevin sat in a restaurant full of all that giggling energy as his mum was carrying a cake over with sprinklers aflame as everyone sang to hi.
hen she set the cake in front of him he saw that there was a great big candle stuck in the middle, its flame dancing aroun.
eve.
s the final hooray died down with applause from the restaurant, Kevin's mum said "Make a wish!
"Looking up at his big strong dad Kevin thought, 'I wish I could show him what a great dad he was!
'And with a great big inhale of air Kevin blew out that candle to another round of applaus.
s the cake was moved away an old woman leant over and asked, "what did you wish for?!
"But another old woman from the table said "you mustn't tell her or it won't come through!She'll just have to guess.
"Kevin giggled and covered his mout.
hat Kevin didn't know was that his wish had come true!Or was going to at least, midnight is the most magic hour after al.
nd so at midnight, when Kevin was tucked into bed full of cake and joy, the red writing on a mug in an office shimmered and shifte.
oming into a jumble the characters reformed themselves, spelling out "#1 Dad" once mor.
resident Obama picked the mug up, still reading the report in his hand, and took another drink of his coffe.
t was suddenly even better!As if it were warmer and was carrying that warmth into Barack's bod.
he taste itself too!as if someone had added some cinnamon and Frangelic.
utting down the report, Barack held the mug in both hands, enjoying the warmt.
ondly he stared at the writing looking up at him.
"#1 Dad".He thought of his girls and looked at their picture on his desk; Michelle, Sasha and Mali.
ith a wry smile he returned to his repor.
nside another office, dark with only some dull far off fluorescent lights on, sat the mug Kevin had bough.
eaturing several chips and the dark outline of a non-fatal crack, it sat amongst the communal mug.
n its front now it read "#18,468,033 Dad".For though Kevin loved him, the same could not be said of Rob and contrary to popular belief, magic was an exceedingly exact scienc.
ll the things Kevin thought that Rob did for him, he never understood how much of it his mother had done or how poorly Rob treated he.
ndeed, Rob was not what Kevin would come to think of as a good ma.
obert would actively steal credit and lie to his so.
lways seeking the easy path, always feeling sorry for himsel.
n the greater scheme of things however Kevin soon came to this realisation regarding his mother and fathe.
nd though this caused much pain and sadness, they were all better off for it and Kevin came to learn a great deal about how to ac.
he end.
