To whom it may concern,My therapist (incidentally the same one God is currently using) has recommended to me that I start writing letters to a pen pa.
 will drop it off at his office and he will send it to the anonymous reade.
 think that you don't exist and he is reading this and laughing his ass of.
ut anyway, let's get aquatinte.
'm Deat.
r the Grim Reape.
r Hade.
r whatever you feel like calling m.
y job is to take the souls of humans and bring them to wherever they need to g.
ell, not me personally, I now have people to do tha.
 just run this rode.
nywho, it has been one busy wee.
 new war started recently (started for the same reason as any other wa.
his person pissed off that person) and it has been *good* for busines.
ore souls have been picked up in the last week than any other time (besides Noah's flood, of course).So that's me right no.
usiness is goo.
ompany is doing wel.
o I'm signing of.
ee ya.\-DeathTo whom it may concern,BUSINESS IS BOOMING!SO MANY SOULS!DON'T HAVE ENOUGH HEL.
OT TO G.
'M ACTUALLY HELPING WITH THE SOULS FOR THE FIRST TIME IN MILLENIA!SEE YA\- DEATHTo whom it may concern,Business is not boomin.
ith all of those souls, there is too much help and not enough dyin.
he humans have killed so many of themselve.
he world is in ruin.
 have had to lay off the hel.
 don't know what to d.
'm at my wits en.
he humans that are left are barely survivin.
f they die, then I go with the.
'm going to have to think on this,see ya,\- deathTo whom it may concern,I have laid off everyon.
t's just me now and the humans are down to a few hundred in numbe.
 have started to help those that are lef.
ot visibly of course, but little things like unclogging ventilation shafts before the humans notice (because when they notice it's too late), or making sure that the few babies that are born will liv.
he humans don't seem to notice m.
'm worrie.
ee ya,\- deathTo whom it may concern,I've just overheard some humans talkin.
hey have felt my presence when I help the.
hey are very gratefu.
pparently they are able to sense the blockages through some fancy computer.
 didn't know about thes.
 will have to be more careful.\- deathto whom it may concern,They have started to notice more of my little helping action.
hey are actively looking for them no.
ne old man has figured out who I a.
e was alone; a hermit, if you wil.
e had a good talk before he I brought him through my doo.
e told me that he knew of my actions and he was thankful for all of the.
e too is worried about the human race.\- deathTO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN,I AM OUTRAGED!THE OLD MAN TOLD THE OTHER HUMANS OF ME!HE TOLD THEM DEATH HIMSELF WAS HELPING THEM.
**THEY SHOULD BE SCARED OF WHAT I AM CAPABLE OF!
**GOT TO GO MAKE SOME LIVES MISERABLE!\- DEATHTo whom it may concern,I didn't end up doing anything to the human.
nything I could have done, they had already done to themselve.
hey have started praying to me and I am confuse.
hey even invited me to a mea.
 know they can't spare a dinner; I have seen their supplie.
 accept, but tell them I will not be eatin.
hey are happy.\-DeathTo whom it may concern,When I sat down at their table, they ogled at m.
hey think I am a go.
 am not, I assured the.
hey asked me why I was helping the.
 told them that without, them I would di.
hey did not believe I was selfis.
s their meal continued, they began to get drun.
he man to my left, accidentally called me Lif.
t spread across the table like wildfir.
hey christened me Lif.
 tried to tell them that I ferried the dead, I did not bring life or joy or happines.
hey didn't believe me.\- DeathTo whom it may concern, The humans have started to regrou.
heir numbers are growin.
 help them when I can, but they have started to have more souls that need ferrying as their numbers gro.
ven as I ferry souls to the beyond, they still call me Lif.
 have decided that I have taken a liking to my nam.
y therapist says that this new identity was just what I have been needin.
his will be my last letter, my confidan.
ake care,\- Life
