It was a cold, bright Feburary morning, snow gently falling across the frozen ground as I sat in my backyard, drinking hot chocolate and enjoying a day's respite from high schoo.
 stared blankly at my phone, my mind lost in thought as the video on its screen past by unnotice.
ore important things were going through my mind, at least more important to a teenage boy, thoughts of pretty girls, nice cars, next year's football season, and so o.
 was so lost in my own mind that I failed to notice the ruckus eminating from inside the hous.
t startled me to hear my step-father suddenly start yellin.
nother man chimed in, yelling back, and I heard sounds of a scuffl.
 quickly put my phone down and ran inside the house, nearly running over my mother as she made her way in the same directio.
ogether, we rushed in to the foye.
he scene left both my mother and I stricken, mouths agape, jaws droppe.
y father, missing for 10 years, lay on the ground holding his head, a bright bruise starting to appear under his right ey.
y stepfather stood above him, shouting at him to get out of our hous.
e had never met my father, had came into the picture some years after my father's mysterious disappearance to comfort my mother and eventually start a new family with her, so he had no idea who this man was or why he had intruded into our hom.
n his hand, my stepfather had his cell phone out, most likely dialing the police, to come arrest this strange.
y mother, partially regaining her senses, reached out and touched his ar.
om: "Dave... this man... this is..Kevin.
"Step-father: "Kevin... your first husband?
"Dave, my step-father, looked down at the man, his phone forgotte.
ave: "You said he was dead..."	Mom: "He was missing, presumed dea.
e was declared dead after a few years when they found no trace of him.
"Mom directed her attention to Kevi.
om: "Kevin... where have you been?It's been 10 years!You've been alive this whole time?!
"Kevin looked up, startle.
e had a hand to his eye, massaging what must have been where an unexpected right hook landed cleanl.
evin: "What the hell are you talking about?
!I left half an hour ago!I'm sorry it took so long, I got stuck in traffic!Jesus, is that all the time it took for you to roll some other man in here?!
"He looked around the room, noticing for the first time that the furniture and decor around the foyer was different than he remembere.
is eyes panned over to me, and I watched as panic, confusion, and sadness immediately flashed across his fac.
evin: "Son... oh my god, so.
ou're so much older now... you're a man no.
hat has happened to me..."	He broke down, tears falling from his eye.
 moved over to him, putting my arms around him, tears falling from my eyes as wel.
 had not seen this man for 10 years, had pushed him out of my mind and replaced him with Dave, had given up hope on ever seeing him again, yet in that moment, emotions took over, and I felt guilt at my action.
his man loved me, loves me, and it was wrong of me to have given up hop.
y father embraced me, sobbing into my shirt, as my other parents looked o.
ave: "I don't believe i.
he one damn time I need to make an emergency call and this fucking phone that I'm paying $200 a month for doesn't fucking wor.
hat the fuck do you mean 'No Signal'?
"Mom: "You're still calling the police?!
"Dave: "This man has been missing for 10 year.
e doesn't realize how much time has passe.
e doesn't need to be arrested, but he definitely needs an ambulance!
"Mom thought about this a moment, then agree.
he started patting her pockets, trying to find her phon.
xasperated, she looked back to me and my fathe.
om: "Son, do you have your phone?I don't remember where I left mine.
"I looked back to her, tears still falling from my eyes, and began patting my own pocket.
fter a moment, I realized that I had left it out back on the patio with my mu.
e: "It's out back, I'll go grab it.
"I looked back at my father, squeezed him once more, and trotted out of the foyer towards the back doo.
 exited the house, walked to the patio, and grabbed my phon.
he words 'No Signal' were at the top of the scree.
 looked quizically at it...I had never seen it say that before, we're in the middle of the suburbs in a major city, there are cell towers everywher.
 half-sat at the patio chair, more of a lean than anything, and pulled up the phone dialer anyways to try to make a cal.
 stared blankly at the phone, my mind lost in thought as the screen flashed "No signal" agai.
uddenly, thoughts of pretty girls, nice cars, and next year's football season enveloped my min.
y step-father's yell snapped my attention back to reality, as I heard a scuffle eminating from the foye.
 quickly put my phone down and ran inside the house, nearly running over my mother as she made her way in the same directio.
ogether, we rushed in to the foyer, and the same scene replayed itself agai.
nd agai.
nd agai.
nd again.
