"Are you ready?
"I had always expected the physical representation of Death to be carrying a big scythe around in black robes, or to be a devil of some sorts, or some sort gauntish figur.
nd yet, the entity standing in front of me calimng to be the reaper was wearing khaki pants and a blue polo.
"I'm sorry?
"I said, the scene around me not yet hadn't settled i.
 could see myself still in my Fiesta, just barely trading paint with a 18 wheeler that had seemingly come out of control and gone over the highway barrier.
"I'm asking if you're ready to move on.
"he asked, gently smiling back at me.
"No!Of course not!Can't you put me back in my body?
"I could feel the adrenaline rushing though my... well, soul, I suppos.
is smile faded for just a split-second, and was replaced by a subtle pained expression, as if he were recalling some hurtful memory.
"I'm afraid not..." The smile was back, and I felt myself relaxing somewhat despite my bulging frustration.
"I can't change what happened.
""But I look just fine!
"I pointed at my stunned self back in my car, mouth agasp and nails haphazardly digging into the steering whee.
part from a dumb facial expression and a ruined manicure, I looked pretty well alive.
"How can I be dead?
""I stopped it so you wouldn't have to see what comes afte.
here's nothing more I can d.
 am very sorry..." He calmly closed the distance between us and held me, as if knowing that in the next few seconds my knees would buckle from under me and the realization would finally hi.
 don't know how long I lay there on the ground, just a few feet away from my soon to be wrecked car, death's surprisingly warm hand on my shoulder, telling me that it was going to be ok."I never know how much it helps," he said "but I know what you're going through, and I promise it does get better.
""How could you ever know how it feels like to die?
"I asked , still sobbin.
he pain from before showed again on his face, and it disappeared just as suddenly, as if by training, and the realization hit me.
"You're just like me, aren't you?
"I asked, "You're human.
""Well, I guess 'was' is more appropriate," he said, scratching the back of his head and looking off into the distance for a moment, "but I lived and died on this planet, much like you did.
""Then why are you doing this?Why doesn't God do it?Or Satan?Or something different?
"I asked, a bit puzzled.
"Well, if there are such things as God or Satan, I haven't met the.
nd to be honest, I'm not entirely sure how I'm able to it.
"He turned to me again and smiled, "As for why, well, I didn't think you should be alone right no.
obody showed up when my time was up, and I didn't find that was a good welcome into the afterlife.
"He kept smiling, but I could see the pain in his eyes.
"I understand" I said.
"So," he repeated "are you ready?
""Yeah...I guess I am.
"I stood up, and he followed suit.
"Where are we going?
""You'll see!Don't worry, I'm sure you'll love it!
"he said, the excitement showing in his voic.
nd somehow, I believed him.
