"Is it Christmas?
", I asked mysel.
he sludge-like snow on the ground obscures my sense of time, or even seaso.
he last 20 or 90 months have been covered in ice, it seem.
nd a blizzard has been forming in my head for year.
've salted the streets in preparation for my upcoming travels into the unknown depths of my min.
t's a slippery-slope that I romantisize and ador.
hat beautiful, wintery greyness that manifests itself as melancholy and ennu.
omfort resides in the pas.
nd that's where I wish to b.
t is there that I await my fat.
ith an ever-pervasive sense of hope that only fools relive time and time again.
"There's no future without you, or those before you", I tell mysel.
et, time-again, I find myself saying those words agai.
t's as if I do not know myself without another, without regard to who the "other" i.
hey can tell me time-and-time again how loved and accepted I am, but they'll never convince m.
nd I'll only let them down, as they let down my idolized notions of the.
t's not their faul.
nd it's not exactly mine eithe.
ut they can never love me in all the ways I need to be love.
t's impossibl.
ut you could at least spend New Years Eve with me, like you said you would last yea.
ou weren't ther.
ou won't be this year, eithe.
ou were never there.... and never will be, apparentl.
 don't need you... and fuck yo.
 just want you to remember the wreck you left behin.
 want you to realize that the only reason I replied to a "writingprompt" to some complete stranger on reddit is because you told me you could never live without me or forget m.
he only reason I'm typing this out is in hopes that you happen to come across this comment, and recognize how incredilbly hurt I am by your action.
y *reactions* weren't great, I'll give you that, but the things you did and said  to begin with -- I never ...I'm not the bad guy, and fuck you for trying to make me think that I wa.
 might have been the bad guy in my past relationships...but not with you.
