"Von Neumann Probe", that's what they called the.
ully automated spacecraft that replicated exponentially and reached into every nook and cranny of the galax.
peculation has it that uncountable numbers of them are even still on their way to bridge the gaps between galaxies at this very momen.
he crazy part is that they don't even have FTL drives, so "just" spreading within the galaxy took them millions of years, maybe even billion.
o, but that's not really the crazy part; the really crazy part is that they sent them before they even had a sliver of hope to send colonists after the.
or every star system they reached, they not only increased their number, but also looked for planets that met certain criteria and once they found one, they would start building a colon.
iving quarters, maintenance, research and administrative facilities, fabrication units, recreation areas, landing areas for spacecraf.
verything a new outpost of civilization would need for a fresh start on a new plane.
ll lying dormant for millions of years, waiting for people to use them and faithfully maintained by automated system.
hey were so hopeful, so eager to expand, to explore the universe, like we have done in our tim.
ut they never got the chanc.
ollowing the trail of ageing, unused colonies, we managed to locate their point of origi.
s far as we could tell after all this time, the third planet of the star system was hit by a gamma-ray burst from a black hole, only a few thousand light years awa.
here might have been a few survivors, but if there were, they were unable to save their failing eco systems and died with their plane.
ithout the support of their homeworld, the space stations throughout their star system and the colonly on a moon of one of their gas giants withered and died shortly afte.
he most tragic part of it all is that, according to our xeno-archeologists, they were mere years from finishing a working FTL driv.
ut, in a way, their tragedy was our fortun.
heir probes and the technology and knowledge they contained kickstarted many budding civilizations when they visited their planet.
ome used it to destroy themselves, probably more than we will ever kno.
ut to many other peoples of the "Milky Way", as they'd called our galaxy, it was proof that they're not alon.
hat there are people out there with the means to leave their world.
hat there's more to life than just "us".It showed some of us that there were greater things to strive towards, that inspired them to leave behind the petty squabbles that seemed to dictate the flow of history for so lon.
ll we wanted was to meet these people, these unknown beings that must have left their world at a time when some of our planets were still cooling wastelands of molten roc.
et all we can do now is to uphold their legac.
o pick up were they left of.
s far as we can tell, they were the first, but with their probes out there, still replicating, still giving the unintended gift of knowledge to more peoples out there, it is not unthinkable that when the last living things go into the eternal night of the heat death of the universe, they will still remember them.
