"Do you have any idea how long it's been?!
"I asked as trapped him in a bear hug.
"An entire century and not even a call!I'm disappointed in you Charles, truly I a.
 thought we were closer than tha.
ow've you been ol' sport!
""Well- I could- tell you- if you'd just- stop squeezing me-" "oh right, sorry ol' sport.
"I released my grip on my old friend and he tumbled to the ground gasping for air.
"forget I'm stronger than I once wa.
mmortality gives you a lot of free time to whip yourself into shape," I joked.
"yes," he gasped, "and I'm sure being alive during a time where you can just pop a pill and become a hulk hasn't contributed to that at all?
"he inquired playfull.
 laughed and smacked my old friend on the back, sending him back to the ground again.
"sorry about tha.
hat brings you to this time ol' sport?Oh wait don't tell me!You're here to check out the discovery of megaroriuminfanianite?Truly an amazing mineral!
""No Xavier I'm-""Oh then you must be here to see the reopening of Disneyland Atlantis?One of my favorites personally, even if those pesky mermen do occasionally make off with one or two of the guests...""No, I want to-""Visit the Caribbean Empire?We can try, but it's becoming increasingly hard to enter, what with all the tensions with the Eastern Coalitions and their Neutron Bomb developmen.
ultiple millenia with humanity and they still haven't change.
uch a strange species.
""Xavier please, let me-""Try out the new cuisine?Ol' sport you must try the-""Xavier!
"he paused to make sure he had my attention, then added in a somber tone "I'm here to see him.""...
Are you sure Charles?These aren't things you have to concern yourself wit.
ou tried your best, but there are some things even people with your abilities aren't meant to see.
""Yes, I'm sure Xavie.
 promised her they'd be safe, and I need to know what happened after... After the bombings.
"He gave me a look that broached no argument, so I lowered my eyes and prepared myself for what was to com.
 put one hand on his shoulder, and pressed a button on my belt, and instantly we went from the outskirts of New Tokyo, to the quiet countryside of Berlin, Russi.
harles looked around for a moment, allowing his eyes to adjust to the darkness, and then he saw them: two little unassuming gravestones by a nearby cottag.
e looked at me, and I nodded knowing what he was going to ask before he even di.
e walked over to them and Charles kneeled down and put a hand on the tombstone in silenc.
hen he laughed."Charles?
""Sorry Xavier, I just think it's funny in a wa.
ve always hated cemeteries, and the idea of death in genera.
o final and uncertain, that's why I invented my machine- to escape it.
"He let out a sigh and continued, "it wasnt perfect, a machine that can only jump 100 years at a time, but I never put much thought into i.
o long as I could live forever, like you, I thought 'what does it matter when I am?
'"he got up and gently kicked the tombstone.
"so naive...I promised her they'd be safe, but at the first sign of danger, I ra.
ome father I turned out to be.
""There wasn't anything you could have done Charle.
ou'd been working on your machine to make the jumps more precise, but there was no way to know for certai.
he choice was a clear: stay and die, or try to jump with your kids a few days into the futur.
ou couldn't have known how unstable it was.
"Charles turned and looked me in the eye for the first time today, as if searching for something more to give him solace.
"When...how did they?...
"he left the question hangin.
 didn't make him finish it.
"Arthur ended up around 25 years in the futur.
he war was winding down by then and he managed to live a long prosperous life as a defense contractor for New Avalon.
""And Yasmina?
"I broke eye contact.
"she was less fortunat.
he ended up where she was supposed to: a few days on the futur.
he lived through one of humanities worst wars, but what's important is that she live.
 found her shortly before I found Arthur, in an abusive relationship with some sleezeball stock broker who thought it was funny to see how hard he could hit his wife without breaking something.
"I spit on the ground and balled my fist.
"He didn't find my games nearly as pleasant.
"Charles looked at me, then back at the gravestones.
"Thank you Xavier; for bringing them both back together and watching over them when I couldn'.
ou've always been a great friend to me, and I don't know how to thank you.
"I smiled.
"That's good because you don't have t.
ou've never had t.
ou're the reason why I'm able to live the life I do, for as long as I hav.
'm forever in your debt.
"Charles smiled, still looking at the gravestone, then whispered something I couldn't hear.
"I think...I think id like to see some of those new wonders this time has been offering Xavier.
"I put my hand around his back and nodde.
 few millenia on this planet had taught me that humans are resilient creature.
o matter what hardships they face, or horrors they witness, they persever.
hat's something that's never changed, and that's something I hope Charles picks up on through his travel.
here might come a time whereI'm not here to watch after my friend, but there will always be a time where I am.
