"John!Dude!It's been too long!
"A voice exclaimed, it was familia.
he baritone voice reminded me vaguely of my best friend...
Adam.
"Adam?How did you find me?It's crowded here.
"I retorted to him, as he pushed past everyone around.
"I could make out that shaggy hair from a mile away John, you ain't fooling no one!
"I could barely make out his voice over the crowd, but he continued.
"Do you know what ride you wanna go on first?I heard the Wacko Wave Ride was the best one here.
"Adam smiled, patting my bac.
 almost forgot, it was my birthday, thats why we are here!Celebrating!
"Yeah!That sounds awesome lets do that first!
"It was hours of enjoymen.
he rides were laid out in a perfect line, the organizers made it bigger and better each rid.
efore I knew it, we arrived at the en.
he last rid.
he sun was setting, the hours of twilight were building but we were at the last ride, comically named, "The Last Hurrah!
"It was so corny I could almost cringe, but looking at the loops you could tell it meant business.
"Man, the time really flew by didnt it?
"I asked.
"No kidding, I thought the lines were gonna be so much worse.
"He replie.
ike normal, we got on the rid.
t was around the moment I realized, the line was really short.
"Thats strange...It only took a few secon-.
"But I was cut off, the bar to the ride coming dow.
ut I shrugged the feeling, didnt think much of it and turned to Ada.
dam was beaming, almost salivating at the loops.
"Oh my god!This one is gonna be awesome!I cant wait!
"His attitude must have floated to me, I smiled and nodded and we set of.
he ride was long, twists, turns, loops and corkscrew.
t didnt seem to en.
fter what felt like minutes, I turned to Adam.
"Hey...Thank yo.
hank you for coming to my birthday.
"His face lifted to a big smile, "John come on ma.
ou were my best friend for twenty year.
ow could I not?
"The ride was ove.
e stood before the gat.
he crowd was gon.
 turned around and the park was gon.
t was just u.
y body froze, skin tingling as I turned back to Adam, a tear in his eye.
"I'm sorry Joh.
 hope you had a nice birthday..." John smiled back, he knew no.
 tear ran down his cheek as he closed his eyes.
"Thank yo.
t was the most fun I ever had.
"Adam wiped the tear off his face as John vanished, the persona vanishing along with hi.
lipping the hood of his robe up, he turned around, and began his walk back.
"Steve!Dude!Its been too long!"
