At first I asked 'why me'.I came to realize that it didn't matte.
 had the blade and it would only work for m.
even and a half billion people currently lived on this Earth and the number kept going u.
even and a half billion people that were going to be snuffed out like a candle when this universe ended in a few short year.
hy?Because it had been an experiment and the experiment had just about run its cours.
od, or whatever was in charge, was going to reclaim the energy and begin again with different physical law.
wo years ago I'd been at my lowest poin.
he car accident leading to depression and self medicatio.
hat led to getting fired, a brief stint in jail, then losing my house and pretty much everything I tend to the ban.
omehow I survived on the stree.
'm not sure exactly how since most of the time was spent drunk on cheap booze or whatever I could get which did the same jo.
nd then the Angel cam.
t was unearthly in its beauty, neither male nor female yet I ached to be in its presence.
"Your world is ending.
"It said in a voice which scraped like fingernails down my spine.
"There is nothing which can save i.
owever, there is a chance for this version of humanity to live on.
"I curled myself into the smallest ball I coul.
 wasn't worthy to listen to this bein.
 was nothin.
hy was I the one it chose to drop this revelation on?I felt the scorching heat of love as it knelt beside me, its hand grasping my shoulde.
urpose rushed into my body, the feeling that I could no longer sit while slowly killing myself so I could have my wife and girls back.
"There is another Earth in an alternate dimensio.
 land filled with plants and animals, but which has never been touched by humans.
"The Angel pulled opened my hand and placed something in i.
y hand reflexively curled around the item as it started to ti.
ith an act of willpower, which I hadn't used in ages, I cracked open one eye to see the shining thing in my han.
t was a long, curving blade which seemed to glow from within the white metal it was made o.
 looked from the blade to the Ange.
t smiled at m.
 smile which held sadness greater than I had ever felt before.
"That blade is all the hope humanity ha.
 charge you with a task which weighs heavy on my eternal soul, but it must be done.
""What do you want me to do?
""You must end as many lives as you ca.
he streets must run red with the blood brought forth by that knif.
or only those killed by the blade will be born again on the other Earth.
"I had to kill?I had wanted to kill the guy who had looked at his phone and not the road, but I hadn't been able to, even after he took my famil.
ould I do this?
"You must!
"The Angel commanded.
"Humanity is depending on yo.
ou have five short years to send as many to the other world as you possibly ca.
nd you must not let yourself be stopped.
"I felt instantly empty and realized that the Angel was gon.
he weight of the knife was still heavy in my hand, so I knew it hadn't been a drea.
y first kill came the next mornin.
ome stupid teenager going through the alley I'd slept in decided to harass the bu.
 forgave him the first kick, even though I knew it had at least cracked a ri.
t was when he bent over to spit that I slid the blade into his chest, even as I apologized for taking this lif.
e would get a second life in the new Earth, which was much more than most would ge.
 felt his soul being pulled through the blade, the light in his eyes fading out at the same tim.
 dumped the body in a nearby dumpster, after checking him for cash and valuable.
e wouldn't need money any longer, but I would if I was going to have the strength to become a killing machin.
 used some of the cash to get a cheap motel room for a few hours, cleaning myself up a bit and changing into some clean clothes from a thrift shop I'd passe.
 went through the kid's wallet, the memory of his face burned forever in my mind, just like every person who followe.
is address was in his wallet, along with a family phot.
 photo which hurt me to look a.
hey looked happy togethe.
miling parents, the boy, and two identical little girl.
'd just broken a famil.
ike my own had been broke.
his time it was differen.
 picked up the knife, looking at myself in the reflectio.
 could bring his family together agai.
ive them life when I couldn't do the same for min.
t was hard, but I sent them all ove.
he parents were easiest, but the twin girls reminded me so much of my own and they looked so peaceful as they slep.
f I didn't kill them, they wouldn't be with their family, so I found the courage to do what I had t.
nd then I found the baby bo.
eff was his name, painted on the wall in big bold color.
 sat in the nursery for hours debating with mysel.
ould they be able to care for a newborn on the new world?Survival itself would be the main issue they faced until they could build shelters and start working together for food and safet.
 baby would only be a draw in their meager resources until things were set u.
n the end I slit his throat, ending the cries for its mother by sending him to he.
hey'd provide, or he would die, either way it would be with famil.
hat's how my killing sore bega.
'd break into family homes and send them all togethe.
 few times I almost ended up the dead one, but I was righteous in my duty and prevaile.
 even tried to explain why when they begged me not to kill them, but they couldn't understand that I was trying to save the.
fter the first month my total was still only ninety eight souls save.
 knew that I'd need thousands at a bare minimum for a viable breeding bas.
 needed to work faster, and smarter if I coul.
 kept myself on the move, never stopping for long in one plac.
t didn't take too long for the authorities to realize that all of my kills were committed with the same blad.
hey tried to hush it up at first to keep it from being sensationalized, and to prevent mass pani.
hey couldn't keep the news from breaking after my biggest nigh.
'd gotten off a greyhound in a sleepy little suburb of Chicag.
he type of place you felt you could keep your doors unlocked and no one would break i.
ven if they tried, the neighbors kept an eye out for each othe.
hey did lock their doors though, even had alarms on a lot of the house.
'd learned to get around those so they wouldn't interrupt my missio.
od helps those who help themselves After the first house, with a family of four and a young couple in the garage apartment, I felt that it was a special nigh.
ot a one of them had made any noise loud enough to alert their neighbor.
 left my chips on the table and let it rol.
 worked my way down the street, making a river of blood through the subdivisio.
y the time the sun peeked above the horizon I had saved over two hundred soul.
n one night!I cleaned myself up in the last house and stopped for a celebratory breakfast at a Waffle Hous.
he gruesome news hit the airwaves before I finished breakfas.
t first it was thought to be a couple isolated incidents, and then the authorities played connect the dots with dead bodie.
he patrons in the restaurant all wept at the news, scared about what kind of evil could do such a thin.
as it terrorists?Some sort of cult?I wanted to scream at them, tell them that I did i.
 had saved a whole chunk of their community from the doom which was slowly creeping up behind the.
 wanted to, but couldn't risk the missio.
hings got more difficult after that nigh.
eople began to connect things together and the news ran rampant with stories of the Angel of death moving throughout the countr.
 bought a motorbike and drove South, away from where I'd been killin.
 had to keep my kills to a minimum as I traveled, hiding those few that I had to d.
ome people I encountered were so skilled, so nice, or so suited to the new world that I couldn't pass them b.
n a small town in South Carolina I found a farm using slave labor, more or les.
hinese workers smuggled into the country and dumped on the farm instead of getting the new lives they had paid fo.
hey kept them chained together in the field and hit then if they dared look up from the berries they were pickin.
he guards weren't focused on anything but the slaves,  which made them easy to take down quietl.
 used a normal knife on them, they weren't worthy of the new worl.
he slaves heard something going on, but knew better than to loo.
 couldn't help but wonder if technology wouldn't be easier, cheaper, and more legal for what they had them doin.
t didn't change my missio.
ne by one I went down the chain, sending the people to actual new lives and freeing them from the bonds of servitud.
hen I stole some gas and got back on the roa.
fter using the remaining gas in their tank on the farm buildings, leaving a trail to where I'd stashed my bik.
he fire would cleans.
n Atlanta I bumped into a miracl.
 found my twin in the form of a German furniture maker nearing the end of his solo trip to the U.
 sent him over, then broke his body to before burning it, and the bodies of everyone in the funeral home, in their cremation furnac.
n the three day before my twin's fight I went wild, crossing over as many as I could without immediately bringing on too much attentio.
hey found a few of the bodies the day before my flight, but not enough to be sure that it was my work and not one of the copy cats which had sprung u.
ell, the farm killings were still being looked at as a possible retaliation by another criminal syndicat.
urns out that they usually had the 'immigrants' making drugs, not picking berrie.
ost of my Atlanta killing spree became clear while I was sitting in the airport lounge waiting for my flight to be called.
*continued in reply*
