So there I was, no sh**, thousands of pages of text documents on my desktop and the best intentions in the free world only for some power hungry hooker who plays corporate chess to methodically conjure up a negative profile in order to get me fire.
uckily for the all powerful Alien connection, I was able to find out before hand and apparently had a few good merits left to quit before allowing any form of gratificatio.
t was the best I felt in so long that I can not begin to exclaim how salubrious it fel.
 guess it is just something people do to feel important when they get to the top and I should not take it persona.
 should be better than that because that is what we are programmed to believ.
e did this to the guy before me and will do this to next so if we were just some fun loving hippies than it happened for the greater goo.
t is nothing personal, they just want to feel in control and need a target to transfer their transgression.
n this world, this behavior gets rewarded because much like blaming failure on a process, having a straw-man still makes sure you are not only needed but capable of doing what is best for corporate interes.
o many people are fooled into thinking everyone has the same opportunities and will have to answer to their God at some poin.
t almost saddens me that I can not tell them it is not even safe to be rich these day.
o blend in I worked on developing skills and joined challenging office gigs that I am not allowed to disclose for reasons of not wanting to incriminate mysel.
ssentially, no matter what I have, I still need some sort of purpose for any of this to matte.
 finally found the perfect place and of course "this guy" whom I will not name to protect myself once again had to ruin things for m.
uch bogusness!Because I loved everything about the job except my boss I tried to be everything and was never enoug.
s this what kids who have tough childhoods feel like?What am I supposed to learn from all of this?It has taken years off my life, affected my confidence and caused self doub.
erhaps a balls itch away from borderline Stalk home Syndrome because it has been years and I still think of this mother sucker and what I would do to them if I knew for sure I could get away with i.
t is not for a lack of resources obviously but if I were a cop, I would be the number one suspect if I were to have simply acted on impuls.
 pride myself for the restraint as I knew that I would eventually get mine, I just did not know how and I never wanted it to come to thi.
hy they couldn't just accept me as I was trying to help the.
 really loved everything about that job, from the smell of the cubicles, the energy of the folks I worked with, getting to learn new things and the conversations we would have during lunc.
t was the most awkward yet at home I have ever fel.
 was finally where I was supposed to be only the one person I needed to impress wanted to carve me out as if I were cancer and they just could not stand the thought of me being happy or working ou.
 guess you become what they want if you aim to please which is not good anyon.
ow days I realize that my health has been restore.
ike a good woman I am ready to do something and enough time has passed for it not to come back to m.
hy does revenge consume my every thought?Why does this matter?I have everything but someone wanted to ruin my life and play god not knowing the devil they were playing wit.
hould I consider they have friends, family and appear to be a decent member of society?They were nice to everyone except myself, the guy before me and likely the guy after m.
hould I just allow people to feel less than and get to experience these life lessons or should I should I do the right thing and chop the head off the snake?Here is the thing, doing nothing and allowing this type of thing to happen makes you weak and worthless in my opinio.
here is just that part of me that really wants to be a good person and follow the teachings of those oneness hipsters that pray for bad things to simply go awa.
ell, I do not know what happened to my old boss but a little kiddy porn metadata on their work computer and suspicious pay outs that appear to be acts of conspiring never hurt anyone right?I am not sure what happened to them but I am sure that until this day they believe they were framed however, that is what anyone would sa.
ell, I would never have done anything like that to them because I am a good perso.
opefully their children will turn out better then they did.-The New Beginning
