It was our 7th Christmas with the whole family, me, my husband, and our daughte.
ver since Elly was able to talk, all she ever wanted was a pon.
t seems cliche but she was determine.
owever, we couldn't afford a pony so always settled instead on giving her horse related item.
he usual pony stuffed animals and stick horse.
hen when this Christmas season rolled around I heard the spiel again on a pon.
f course hearing new facts as she learned more on horse and pony care.
"Dad, dad!Can I have a pony?
""Oh...I dunno honey, ponies are hard to ta-""No!Dad!I can do it!I know some cheap recipes for horse food, and there are places where you can buy hey cheap!I can make a water trough from some bucket.
nd I will take good care of it every day!
"Well that take is new...I can't win this without breaking her heart.
"Here honey, why don't you just take some paper and try telling Santa about how you can handle a pon.
aybe he can get one for you?
"I say and give a nice smil.
er face lights up in realization.
"Oh YEAH!
"She says, running off to write to Sant.
ell now it was Christmas Day and I was standing out in the snow in my flannel pajama pants and a concert t shirt from The Police, staring at a jet black horse with bright orange hooves and a red, yellow, orange mane and tai.
e was tacked up with a black leather saddle and bridl.
e huffed smoke from his nostrils but didn't seem to breathe fir.
e did melt the snow around his hooves showing that he did throw some heat.
"Vance, what the fuck is that?
"My husband hushed out in amazement at the creature.
"Heh, I don't know, but it's something.
"Suddenly I hear a high pitch squeal an all of us, including the pony, look over to see our daughter jumping in excitement.
"ITS A PONY!
!SANTA GOT ME A MAGIC FIRE PONY!!!
"She yelled and ran to the horse to give it a hu.
he pony is oddly not spooked by this and just lets it happe.
t's only then I spot a brown scroll strung to the saddle's hor.
 walk over an pull it of.
 open the scroll to see some writing in a large, scribbled cursive.
"Dear Mr. And Mr. -------,I would like to thank you for the lovely letter I deck from your daughte.
he was very kind, and determined for a pon.
 am aware that this letter was meant for my friend St. Nicholas and not me, but sadly, Santa doesn't give ponies out for Christma.
our daughter is so kind hearted that i couldn't bear to break her hear.
o I decided to give her one of my "hell horses".Don't worry thoug.
s this one happened to have a type of dwarfism, causing it to not grow larger than this and giving it the inability to breathe fir.
e eats any edible item for humans and doesn't require wate.
he saddle and bridle he is equipped with will shift into any style she want.
he only possibly troubling thing would be making sure that the other kids don't get jealou.
nyways I hope she likes her pony, she really deserves i.
ou guys are amazing parents for raising such a kind sweethear.
uch regards,Lucifer the fallen angle.
.This guy won't cost you or your daughter anything""Well..." my husband said after reading the letter over my shoulder.
"I guess we have to keep him.
"I finished for hi.
 smiled, turned and kissed his cheek.
"Hey Elly!
"I said, trying to get her attention from the horse.
"Can you climb on your pony for a picture?
"I say, pulling my phone from my pocke.
he nods and climbs on top of the saddle, I watch as it shrinks to her size and turns to her favorite color: purpl.
 smile and ask,"So what are you gonna name him?
""Midnight" she says with a grin.
"Alright everyone say Midnight!
"I sa.
uddenly before the picture snaps, the horse leaps up and strikes a pose with Elly still on his bac.
he is laughing so much, she truly looks happ.
uthor's note: I had a Webkinz hell horse named midnight when I was around 7-9.If I can find a link to it I wil.
ut otherwise that is what I based this horse off of, which I think is a nice little touch.
:DHope you enjoyed!Criticism is welcome and happily accepted.
