Did you enjoy your Christmas?
Reggie asked his daughter, Ann.
he sat amongst the piles of shredded wrapping paper, boxes and tissue paper with a sullen look on her small fac.
er golden curls bounced around her pouting face as she shook her hea.
hen those bright blue eyes met his, he knew instantly what she was thinkin.
ou know Santa couldnt fit a pony into his sleigh.
He sai.
nnes eyes began to glitter with the promise of tears.
"He has a strict "no animals policy.
Marie, her mother spoke up, squeezing Reggies hand reassuringl.
he subject of a pony for Christmas had been a big issue for Anne this year and Marie knew how much it killed Reggie not to give his little girl everything she asked for but a pony was just outside of their real.
 housing development in the suburbs of Philadelphia is not a place for ponie.
hey tried to placate Anne with the promise of riding lessons after the New Year but that didnt soften the blow or the little girls insistence on obtaining an equine frien.
s Annes bottom lip started to quiver, a clear indicator that a sob-fest was on its way, a throaty engine roared loudly outsid.
aries eyes narrowed a bit at the sound and as she quirked an eyebrow up at the unusual sound for the quiet neighborhood, Reggie stood up to investigat.
he sound grew louder before the squealing of brakes echoed right outside their front window.
e peeked through a lifted corner in the pale  linen curtains that hung in the bay window and as his eyes grew wide a small whimper escaped his lip.
hat is it, Reg?
Marie jumped to her feet to join hi.
id you do this?
He looked at her as she gawked at the sight outsid.
ou know we cant afford thi.
ou told me we cant afford this.
Marie only shook her head in silence as she watched the 70s style black Cadillac El Dorado pull into their modest drive, towing behind it a red steel horse traile.
hen it came to a stop, the trailer rocked violently as the animal inside thrashed and cried loudl.
lowly, the drivers door opened and out stepped a rather short and round gentleman dressed in a fine gray suit and brightly polished black leather shoe.
e wore no coat despite the bitter cold temperatures outside and as he stood, surveying the home in front of him, he gently tugged off black leather driving glove.
e reached inside his suit coat and exchanged the thick black sunglasses for thick black rimmed glasse.
e blinked several times and smoothed back his thinning gray hai.
e practiced a smile in the tinted glass of the Cadillac, and adjusted the straightness of the bright red bow tie that adorned his nec.
ith a nod, he turned and walked to the familys front doo.
tay here.
Reggie told Marie as he cautiously made his way to the front doo.
o sooner had he arrived then the doorbell chime.
he usual cheery bell tone sounded strangled and it fizzled out before finishing its wor.
is hand shaking, Reggie reached for the knob and slowly opened the doo.
he man in gray looked at Reggie for a moment before putting on his practiced smil.
is teeth were bright white and very straight and they practically glowed against the dark tan of his ski.
-can I help you?
The man in gray looked down for a moment at a small envelope that was in his left hand, checked the address against the numbers next to Reggie's front door and his smile grew a little wide.
 am looking for Anne.
His voice was deep but rough, like someone that had smoked a pack of cigarettes a day for the last forty year.
here was a scream from the trailer and it rocked again, almost lifting off of its tires as it rocked left to righ.
moke curled from the slats in the steel as if something was on fire insid.
arie rushed to Reggies side, grabbing at his arm for suppor.
he man in gray looked at her the smile never fadin.
ow do you know Anne?
Her voice was shaky but she stood up straigh.
he man in gray held up the envelop.
here, in Annes handwriting, in her favorite green ink pen was a letter addressed to "Mr. Satan".Her name and return address in the upper left corner and small heart stickers randomly on the envelop.
aries breath stuck in her throat and her heart thumped wildl.
.
his was a jok.
antas not real, Satans not real?How She couldnt even get in enough air to ask the full question alou.
ou must have more faith in the United States Postal service, madam.
The man in gray sai.
e gingerly opened the envelope, unfolded the pink paper and adjusted his glasses before reading...Dear Mr. Satan,I have been a very good girl this yea.
 have asked my mommy and daddy for a pony this year for Christma.
t is all I want but they say n.
addy told me to write a letter to you to see if you would bring me a pon.
 would really like a pon.
ove,Anne Deale, age 6	He folded the letter with care, tucked it back inside its envelope and into his suit coat pocke.
he thick lenses of his glasses made his black eyes seem bulbou.
e looked back and forth between the adults, waitin.
ith a sigh he spoke, I must admit, I dont get very many letters these days but when I do, I try to respond to each one personally.
There was another loud crash from the trailer, followed by more smoke and shrill whinnie.
y now, the neighbors were looking out their windows at the spectacle at the Deale hous.
 few even stood on their porches in their bathrobes, huddled against the chill to watc.
nne ran to the door squealing in excitemen.
 pony!You brought me a pony!
She shoved between her parents and rushed out to the front yar.
he man in gray tracked the little girl as she move.
he ran to the side of the trailer, jumping up and down trying to get a look at what was insid.
e cant take it.
Reggie surprised himself as the words fell out of his mout.
he man in gray snapped his head back to Reggie and the smile fade.
f course you can.
No, we really dont have a place for i.
 mean thank you?We cant take care of whatever is in there.
The man in gray looked down his nose at Reggi.
e nodded once and snapped his fingers high in the ai.
wo little men jumped out of the Cadillac and rushed to the back of the traile.
nne squealed with delight as she followed them, unafraid in the slightest at this odd spectacl.
he little men chirped in a language neither Reggie nor Marie could recognize as they slowly opened the back ramp of the steel traile.
he animal inside kicked the door open the rest of the way, sending one of the little men flying into the stree.
ff leapt a black what might have been a pony at one tim.
ts skin was in patches, some muscle and bone showing throug.
ts face was a horrific skull with bits of stringy hair attache.
ts body steamed like it had recently been on fir.
t looked around wildly, screaming so loud that it made Marie winc.
nne only ran to it, hands outstretched, gigglin.
he pony stood still as she approached and allowed the little girl to pet and hug i.
he danced with glee and beamed brightly back at her parent.
hank you Santa!
Anne cried as she wrapped her arms around the ponys neck, her arms sinking into the soft gooey flesh that remaine.
lease my dear girl, call me Lou.
The man in gray smiled back at he.
.
ou, Reggie coughe.
hat are we supposed to do with this thing?
Feed it, love i.
 dont kno.
ts yours now.
He shrugge.
ear God.
Marie muttere.
ou frowned at he.
e had nothing to do with i.
 went out and picked this beast up myself for he.
ont you forget it.
Lou growle.
hey watched in silence as Anne ran around the front yard, the pony horror chasing and striking after he.
eggie and Marie couldnt tell if the pony was playing or truly trying to attack their little gir.
ou clapped his hands together signaling to the little men to close up the traile.
ell, I must be of.
o enjoy the rest of your holiday.
He nodded in good bye and walked back to the Cadilla.
efore opening his door, he called to Anne, beckoning he.
he skipped over happily, her bare feet bright red from the cold damp groun.
e pulled out a small package from his pants pocket and handed it to he.
hen she opened it she held up a small golden brus.
 brush for my pony!
She shrieked, so excited she shoo.
etting her attention once more, he placed a hand on her shoulder and spoke softl.
eggie couldnt hear what he was saying but Anne nodded, her smile getting wide.
inally, Lou patted her on the head and sent her back to her pon.
e looked back at the couple in the doorway, their faces pale and in shoc.
e switched out his glasses for the sunglass and sunk down into the drivers sea.
he engine of the Cadillac roared once more and he casually backed ou.
e honked the horn, waving at Anne as he slowly drove away, trailer and al.
arie sunk to her knees, shaking, still gripping Reggies ar.
e let out a shaky breat.
hat the hell were they going to do with it?Anne, clearly smitten with her pony, continued to play with it as it steamed and screamed around their small front yar.
nne, Reggie called softl.
e didnt trust his own voice to speak loude.
e could barely think as it wa.
es, daddy?
She giggled as she threw her arms up in the ai.
he demon pony snorted and reared on its hind legs, mimicking he.
hat did he tell you?
He thanked me for the letter.
Reggie joined his wife on the floor just inside their front doo.
e wrapped her up in his arm.
 suppose thats not too horrible.
He muttered, kissing his sobbing wife on the hea.
h!And hed be back very soon to collect for my pony!
Anne giggle.
hit.
Reggie muttered._____Edit: This is my first ever WP and I had to fix forma.
orry!
