Today is the Day of reconciliatio.
e have been preparing for this day for the past 50 year.
hen we decided no more  and enough was enoug.
fter the Third World War, we decided it was time.50 years we ha.
ust 50 years.50 years to clean up the mess.50 years to rebuild humanity.50 years to build peac.
t all started after the Third World War ende.
lon musk united the world by proposing a new planet to be inhabite.
ut we couldnt all just up and leav.
ike spoiled brats, leaving their mess to be cleaned by other.
et we did understand we couldnt go on the way we ha.
t was Kimbal Musk that came up with the idea to honour Eart.
t the global summit it was decided that every country would clean up their tur.
arameters were set for clean water, clean air, the minimum of trees that needed to be plante.
he clean up of all the soi.
ut it soon became apparent the United States didnt play by the rule.
hey just dumped their garbage in the ocean, their chemical waste in other countrie.
o the world decided we needed time alone to sort out our mes.
o contact with other countries for 50 year.
t was a big decision affecting every soul on earth.5 years after the shutdown the royalty of Europe came together at the wedding of princes Alexia of the Netherlands with messages of their nations peopl.
his was the start of the uniting treat.
e only had one earth and borders had no meaning for the ecosyste.
e had to unite to clean up and unite to make the earth great agai.
o the global tax system was put in plac.
 10 percent stipend on everythin.
ne percent to clean up wasteone for clean waterOne for planting greensOne for solar panels and wind turbines One for healthcareOne for educationOne for ecofriendly industriesOne for preservation of animals One for the conversion from gas to electricity And one for cleaning up the ocean.
nternational trade and travel was suspended to reduce the impact on eart.
very market only had local product.
 know it sounds like we made a jump back in tim.
ut thats not tru.
e had the Internet we could contact anyone, learn anything and help wherever we coul.
ew inventions were made everyda.
nd there was peac.
rue peac.
he whole world working together to save the earth and thus save themselve.
ell not the whole world.... today is the day we have been dreadin.
he day that the United States join the world again.
