"So where did you find those spheres?
"governor Prlax asked his chief humanologist.
"We found some in the oceans, in what we figure must have been deserts back then, on mountains and many other places."Dr.
Dr. Hu.
vlup replied, "but mostly we found them in big heaps next to former cities, in what we assume were nature preserves, since they were big open spaces without building.
ut we also found a few spheres on the moon of the human planet, next to one of their landing sites.
""So they must have been significant?
"Prlax inquired while reorganizing some files on his desk.
"They must have been!The spheres may be small, but they might contain tremendous amounts of data storage, we just haven't figured out how to access it.
"Dvlup excitedly proclaimed.
"Yesterday I had a cultural humanologist in my office, I assume you know D.
wlur?
"Prlax said, knowing full well of the very public academic rivalry between the two scientists, but it was more fun this way.
"Mudflap Mwlur?I can guess what the hack was going on abou.
e's told you the spheres are objects of pure cultural significance, correct?
"Dvlup huffed while his face turned an angry aquamarine.
"You'd guess correctly doctor, and he's making a pretty good case, especially since the spheres don't serve a practical purpose and don't seem to have any interesting computational, mechanical or otherwise significant qualitie.
side from bouncing really well I mean.
"Before Dvlup could reply, governor Prlax quickly added: "I'm going to take a guess as well, you're going to say that the humans technology was too advanced for us to comprehend, but that's a rather convenient excuse in my opinio.
xcuse my ignorance on the matter, but iff there's no sign of the spheres being technological artifacts, why is it the prevalent opinion among humanologists?
"Dvlup eagerly pounced on the question: "Because why else would humans take them everywhere they went?And the way humans built the spheres is marvelou.
ost of the human artifacts are lost to the ravages of tim.
rosion sanded down their buildings, their cities and infrastructure are almost totally gon.
nd yet the spheres endured, mostl.
hey are made from several complex materials, arranged in concentric spheres, to maximize durabilit.
nd the dents on the outside, which we assume were for data connections, are perfectly arranged in a mathematical pattern.
""They also make the spheres go faster when you throw them, right?
"Prlax aske.
e knew the thought of throwing around human spheres was going to send the doctors frills on edg.
e didn't care anymore, the meeting had been going on for a while and Prlax was getting hungr.
he doctor should know this, the governors feeding tentacles were itching but Dvlup seemed to be oblivious to social clue.
ypical egghead.
"I don't see how that would be relevant to either the scientific consensus or Mwlurs fringe theories.
"the doctor said coldly through edged frills, "and I'd rather not risk anyone throwing around precious human artifacts, so I wouldn't know about it.
"Governor Prlax decided that the quickest way to a lunch break would be to get the doctor on a different track, or barring that, to just piss him off: "C'mon doc, we have a lot of different types of sphere.
nd no one knows what they are really for, so they might not be precious at al.
eck, considering they bounce and fly well, maybe that's what they were made fo.
ou know, simple entertainmen.
r a sport of some sort.
""Governor, with all due respect, you're being ridiculou.
re you suggesting humans braved the void in their primitive spacecraft, landing on the moon to play sports?Governor, I fear I misplaced my hopes in your support.
"Dvlup replied angrily.
"I hoped you'd be open to funding serious scientific inquiries, instead you come up with the ridiculous notion that the first intelligent species threw around these masterfully crafted artifacts, for what?Fun?Don't be absurd!
"After Dr. Dr. Hu.
vlup had angrily slammed the door closed on his way out of the office and left the governor to his well deserved flatwich, Prlax enjoyed his meal and idly opened the present the doctor had left behin.
nside the laboratory-grade transport case he found three of the artifacts, just as he had expecte.
hey were all the same size and shape, round with a dimpled surface, about the size of a human eyeball, based on the few well-preserved skulls the archaeologists had foun.
he only difference between them were the markings on the white outside, although Prlax knew from Dr. Mwlar's lenghty presentation the day before that they'd found some in other colors as well, but more rarel.
hile he gobbled the last few crumbs of his flatwich down, the governer compared the markings on the sphere.
allaway, Titleist, Taylormad.
trange markings indeed.
**This is my first time on r/writingprompts so please be gentle.
**
