I used to make my living as a capybara herde.
t wasnt the most exciting job but it put grub on the table and then som.
ost people dont know about capybara herdin.
hats because most people dont know about the small circles of people that treasure capybara milk and fu.
he milk of the worlds largest rodent is believed to be a bonafide aphrodisiac of magnum proportions in some Eastern countrie.
he fur is manufactured into a pillowcase that is coveted by an emerging group of individuals braving the biting temperatures of the Nort.
etween these two products, capybara herding was turning me into a millionair.
nother thing that most people dont know is that capybaras have a vicious bit.
lthough they enjoy the distinguished lifestyle of vegetarianism, they got some real chompers from evolving to the point of where they beat down grass into a pulp in their mouth.
apybaras generally have a pleasant disposition but if you catch them during a bad moodwellyou really better watch ou.
 wasnt watching ou.
alph was the alpha capybara in my her.
f he didnt like my herding technique, my efforts were all but hopeles.
f I nodded to move East, but Ralph didnt like that, he would nod to the West and the herd would move to the Wes.
hat a dic.
t was a constant power struggle to lead the herd between me and Ralp.
 couldnt just get rid of him though, he was the alpha, he kept the herd togethe.
alph and I constantly butted heads but one day it went too fa.
e had to cross the rive.
here was no other way, if we didnt we wouldnt make it in time for the next milk shipmen.
he nearest bridge across the river was damn near 50 miles Sout.
 gestured to the herd to move across the river with a pointed finger, all the while anxiously looking over at Ralphs reactio.
s soon as my hand was perpendicular to my body and pointing to the other side of the river I saw the flicker of malicious intent in his soulless giant rat eye.
nd then he jumped at m.
n a comic book type encapsulated moment my arm was being ripped from my body with blood flowing in all direction.
 have relived this moment so many times throughout my life and every time Im there, I see, almost as if time was suspended, the force of Ralphs choppers ripping my arm from my body as if he was tearing a damp Kleenex in hal.
y arm was gone and Ralph is standing over my body with what was part of me clasped in his toothy gri.
m fading ou.
verything goes black.6 months in the hospita.
 am aliv.
 am miraculously	aliv.
 am missing an arm and cry like a chil.
 piece of me was stolen and I intend to get my reveng.
 plan how I will murder Ralp.
ut then my apprentice Capybara herder comes i.
is grief is great and I can tell that he really is devastated by the result of Ralphs destructio.
 tell him that I will avenge myself and destroy Ralp.
e tells me that Ralph was put down shortly after he bit off my ar.
 am devastate.
alph is dead.2 years go b.
 feel as if my arm is there everyda.
ut it is not.2 years go by and I feel as if Ralph is there, his malice as keen as eve.
ut he is no.
oth my arm and my nemesis are gon.
 phantom taking a phantom lim.
 phantom taking a phantom lim.
 phantom taking a phantom lim.
hat a dic.
nother 5 years go b.
 am released from my hospita.
 was kept longer than needed because of my psychotic obsession with a roden.
hey had transferred me from medical to psychiatri.
 deserve to be angry at the capybara who took my ar.
e knew what he was doin.
t was not animalistic instinc.
 exit the hospital and close my eye.
 havent felt fresh air against my body in so lon.
 feel it against the arm that Ralph took from m.
 open my eyes and there he i.
ooking straight at me is Ralph, that rodent bastar.
n an instant he overpowers m.
m on the ground with the rat son of a bitch on top of me, gnawing at my face going for the kil.
t takes me everything I have with my one real arm to hold that piece of shit back from gnawing at my fac.
 say real because the doctors have educated me that Ralph took my left arm and I really only have on.
y dead arm flails helplessly along the sid.
 dont try to use it because the doctors have told me it doesnt exist and I am imagining thing.
alphs phantom chompers are inches away from my fac.
 will die if I dont ac.
 clench my phantom hand and give it a swing with the power of 1000 capybaras fording a rive.
alphs ethereal body reacts as a lego tower might react to a hammer being swung by a 200lb Swedish deadlier in a onesi.
alph smashes into a billion piece.
 am free.
