It wasn't that we suddenly realized all at onc.
unch of us older folks noticed something was... off about the.
e tried to say something, but each time we were doubte.
nd honestly, we couldn't help but doubt ourselves: our wisdom and ability to self reflect blinded u.
ecause of this, it took a lot longer than was probably reasonable or necessary before our suspicions were confirme.
'm not going to say that old cliche line "by then, it was too late.
", because it wasn'.
he cure was simple: stop taking the dru.
any went into denial either because they were already too far gone in their insanity or too scared to take the lea.
 couldn't blame the.
hose that got off the drugs aged dramaticall.
n a week, they caught back up to spee.
any of those that made the healthy decision couldn't handle the shock of getting ol.
ost of them went into depression and no amount of reassurance and advice could alleviate the pai.
 could imagine what it was like to be old, but I had decades of resignation to prepare m.
 slowly learned to make the best of it, but they thought they were fre.
ruly fre.
o many of them that had the courage to quit the drug either drugged themselves numb on something else or quit all togethe.
ot many of the "Free Generation" remains, and it's mostly those who had only started on the drug very recentl.
hey are too young to fend for themselve.
o alot of us older folks that are still around have been talking: We had to try the drug ourselve.
here are too many to care for and so few of us lef.
enior healthcare funding and research dried up after the drug, but our medicine outside of fighting old age was beyond imaginabl.
e knew the side effects would kick in much, much earlier for u.
ut, we just needed a few more year.
ithout it, there just wasn't enough time.--PART 2--With no alternative, we agreed on a pla.
hose useless otherwise would use the drug immediately; this meant the bedridden, dying, and/or utterly senil.
e didn't ask for consent, but most of them wanted the drug their whole lives anyway.
 knew I di.
ut, there were those who still bitterly hated the drug and refused i.
hey remembered the tears they wept as they hopelessly begged the pharmaceutical committee to reconside.
hey told me stories of how even their children saw them differently and were ashamed of the.
hey wept through the agony of still loving them in spite of this; they were just happy that their children at least wouldn't have to fear death anymor.
ne even admitted to wanting to die quickly so that their children would stop being picked on.
"As long as I am their parent, they could never be free.
""It'd be better if the children forgot about us altogether.
"But reality and fate were much crueler, their children though ungrateful died before them anyway.
espite all that they went through, the drug was nothing more than a poison that took what they held most dear away from the.
hey rightly demanded an explanation as to why they should trust u.
ome accused us of delusion, callousness, and frau.
arely could I find any surviving grandchildren, so I brought along the orphans of strangers and plead the best I coul.
hough they had every reason to refuse, by some miracle not one refuse.
any covered their eyes and wept as we administered the injection; slowly their wrinkles smoothed out and old aches and scars disappeare.
or the rest of us, we tried to delay the injection for as long as humanely possibl.
ith the fate of the world resting on our shoulders, we suddenly received a new lease on lif.
t seemed some  notion of 'we can't die now' reach our bodies as many of us noticed less aches and pain.
e were still carefu.
e slept in pairs and strung 24/7 vitals monitor.
he moment any of us flatlined, our partners would administer the injection right away and begin resuscitatio.
he drug usually alleviated the cause of death, but only bought us a set finite amount of time: we would age backwards until we die.
e called it B. Button Syndrome after the famous short stor.
f there was a cure, we would definitely not receive it in tim.
e joked that it wasn't the first time we would miss out and we didn't want to find out what the side effects for "the cure" were going to be anyways.
