I stare at the words in the screen once more, in silent shoc.
utside, snow falls for the first time on Christmas in year.
nside, my partner wanders around- for him, today is just another da.
ut neither of those matters.
*You are loved and accepted for who you are.
* If thats was true, then why did so many people find fault with it?Everything from my turquoise hair, to my weight, to the habits I hav.
ow I see the worl.
aring to be differen.
t felt...**wrong.
** And yet... *so right.
* I didnt know what to think, but I smiled- despite the tears, silently sliding down my face.
*I may not know who you are, but your voice joined a growing chorus of voices, loving and deceased alike, who tell me the same* I think to myselfLong ago, such things like love and acceptance, alongside many other things, were violently stolen awa.
ndless mental scars mar my mind and sou.
ow, I hate mysel.
f not for the fact I would leave people in suffering, Id have moved on to the next world long ag.
ery little keeps me here... but as I think of my three lovers, my friends and family- the family I chose, not those blood relations- the tears come hard no.
ow could I ever hate myself?Time and time again, its been proven theres so much I offer to the worl.
 daring, pinkish attitud.
reativity for day.
 strange, but delightful intelligenc.
elightful wickednes.
 charisma and beauty not defined by my looks- but, a certain aura I just give of.
 kind heart, fierce loyalty, and an open ear and doo.
illingness to fuck every societal belief about what women are supposed to be, and not carin.
ibrancy, fun- colours in a monotone worl.
et, many days, all I see is a collection of fault.
ental illness is nasty that way...My roommate interrupts me, asking about breakfas.
 ask him why he didnt just go without m.
ecause its  not worth it without RukaKat.
I laugh through the tears, and shake my hea.
aybe getting out will be good for m.
esides the mandatory social circuit-and hey, breakfast beats remembering all those I loved and los.
ith a last sigh, I decide to submit my thought.
f anyone ever needs a friend, I am here, alway.
appy Holidays to all, from one young woman who lurks but never really posts.
