Greed was at the register as Gluttony put the finishing garnishes on a fresh batch of Creme Brule's in the cozy bookstore cafe they owned together in San Francisc.
hey didnt normally work here of course, they were partners and share owners in a number of business venture.
owever they had given their staff the day off and thrown a closed sign over the windo.
he only customers coming in today would be their sibling.
loth was the first to arrive, as was normal these day.
n the past he had often been late or missed the family gathering.
hat was until the siblings had decided enough was enough and sent Wrath to talk to hi.
fter that, Sloth began showing up several hours early with a book to rea.
nvy was the next to show u.
he cafe door opened with a breeze as she nervously shuffled in, eyes cast downward.
-hello she mumbled, bringing out her phone and pretending to check it without ever turning it o.
ey Sis!
The twins Greed and Gluttony called out cheerfully, while Sloth continued to rea.
ave a Creme Brule said Glutton.
nd a coffee, of course cooed Gree.
nvy lips rose a little at the welcome and she noded in response to the question.
er eyes rose and for a brief instant she flicked them towards her siblings but then quickly averted them as if she accidentally looked at the su.
s Envy sat down beside Sloth, the door opened again as a boy of about seven entere.
e had curly brown locks and held a red balloon with huge goofy grin on his fac.
ello Wrath!
Called out the twins, while Sloth turned another pag.
nvy started to look up, but then visibly froze and focused hard on her phon.
rath smiled sweetly at his two brothers, and then shot a sour expression at Envy who flinched while typin.
an I have some cheesecake?
Wrath aske.
reed and Glutton shot each other a glanc.
ow about... a fresh Creme Brule?
said Glutton.
 dont want what *shes* having said Wrath turning to face Envy and her dessert with a hint of a sneer crossing his fac.
nvy seemed to shrink in her chair a little, and started typing furiously on her phon.
rath turned back to his siblings and spoke slowly I said...I wanted... a slice of CHEESE CAK.
m, wel.
e dont have cheese cake here, said Glutton.
ut Ill get you a slice late.
ow about a vegan cupcake?Well send you a full cheesecake tomorrow!
Greed chimed i.
seless fuckers, Wrath spat out in his squeaky voice as he stomped over to where Envy was sittin.
 display table was in the way and instead of walking around it Wrath raised both his hands and shoved with his entire bod.
nvy jumped in her chair as the table hit the ground with a tile-shattering clatter and the patter of books.
