We all remember the moment we were in before the great blindin.
ne minute we were in our kitchen.
he next... Well god knows what happened nex.
,  personally, was in german class reciting verb.
nd than it happene.
 blinke.
nd nothin.
 started to pani.
hat happened!Where did my eyesight go!I called out into the cold air of the classroom and an aura of fear washed over me as one of my closest friends spoke up.
"I cant see.
"He saidThe rest of the class followed in scattered replie.
anging from screaming to quit murmurs of agreemen.
nd than IT happene.
e called it the crashin.
very car,  plane, boat, train, and vehicle you could think of crashe.
t least a few dozen into our schoo.
he casualties were massiv.
t least 4 billion people had die.
ostly in the great crashin.
illions more from mass suicid.
ut us humans found some ways to prevail as we always d.
e adapted and gained new sense.
nd we lost our old one completel.
e have no recolection of colour at this poin.
ntil no.
 was heading to a supermarket for some noodle.
 was in japan as an exchange student at the time and couldnt leav.
o i was stuck there for etirnit.
 walked in to the automated chime of a robot welcoming me i.
nd than just as i had it takrn awa.
 got it bac.
nd oh boy did i get it bac.
hen it happened my whole entire vision was one sentanc.
ont tell them you can se.
lastered on the walls,  the floor,  the label.
ll in perfect fon.
 looked around me for an awnser to why thid happene.
nd than i saw I.
 robo.
verywhere i wen.
verything was a robo.
he people,  the dogs, the cow.
obots everywher.
 stopped to pick it u.
hat could be happenin.
hy was i here in a society built off of robots?Where is everyone?And than i got grabbed on my shoulder and was pushed down into a sewe.
 looked at my surrounding.
t was a mechanical maze of wires and tubes everywher.
nd underneath my fee.
 hatc.
 took a moment to look at mysel.
 was what?23 years old now?My hair was long and mess.
y feet were dirt.
y hands were caked in some kind of substanc.
 remembered taking quit good care of myself even while the blinding was happenin.
hy was i filthy?I shook myslelf awake and put my thoughts togethe.
as it a dream?If so why was it so long and vivid?No that doesnt make sens.
 put that aside and opened the hatc.
 looked down into the dark abyss below me and jumpe.
nd what i saw at the bottom was terrifyin.
 sea of dead body.
hat all looked like m.
ll of the.
nd they all had a different number tattooed in red ink on their necks.
