I couldnt believe i.
 had always been a lucky ki.
nce, I entered a raffle at my local Welborns Grocery Store for a Tide Racing jacket and wo.
 was only 8 years old and the jacket was way too big for me but I loved that thin.
his time at Welborns it was a lifetime supply of Oreo.
nd I absolutely adored Oreo.
o even though I slipped in as many raffle tickets as I could fill out, slightly tipping the odds in my favor...I was still in utter disbelief as a 10 year old slightly overweight kid when my parents told me the store called and I won another raffle for a lifetime supply of Oreo.
hat Tide jacket got a lot of use later in life, especially after the inciden.
t was always cold now, and now I was 44.I was extremely thankful that this was an adult sized jacket because I had grown into it, and without it I may not have lived this long in the first plac.
he warmth and size of the jacket had saved my life many time.
his isnt the story of my jacket howeve.
his is the story of the Oreo.
he incident happened when i was 14, no one in my area knows exactly what happened, we were awoken in the dead of night to a very bright light that filled the darkness brighter than the sun for a solid hou.
fter that hour the light was gone and we havent seen a ray of sunshine sinc.
o electricity has ever worked since either causing many rumors about an Electro-Magnetic Pulse or something else that I have no idea abou.
t that time I was terrifie.
y parents had no idea what to do and since I was an only child and supremely spoiled, I was sof.
he first few years were hel.
 lost both my parents and had to grow up extremely quickl.
 had to become har.
 had to do things and make decisions no child ever shoul.
owever the one thing that always remains are these Oreo.
ve travelled many miles and many states worth of distance since the inciden.
verywhere I go everything is always the sam.
nly people under 20 years of age when the incident happened are still alive toda.
hings are pure chaos and I have to fight every day to stay alive and to keep my Oreo.
he Oreo.
he Tide Racing Jacke.
he two things that have kept me alive and trucking in such a bleak existenc.
o matter where I go, or what I do the boxes just keep comin.
nd it is my mission in life to figure out who gets them to me and where they come fro.
f I can figure this out and solve this conundrum maybe, just maybe I can save the worl.
 cant believe it.
