(29-34 points) You are Sponge Bob Square Pants: You are the classic person that everyone loves.
----R----   You are a no-nonsense, action-oriented individual.
----X----   You need constant stimulation because you bore quickly.
A lot of lovemaking can unblock a stuffy nose.
A person must be intellectually stimulating or you are not interested sexually.
After seeing that I was wide awake.
Allow time to reveal yourself to me.
Better education is offered for Alyssia.
Blenders ... You need One, but you're not quite sure why.
But I was so wrong, I thought to myself that I am the winner and he's the loser.
But elaborately, this isn’t my plan for all of this to happen.
But that was five years ago.
But when you find a new love, you view the past as a teacher.
Damn I love this time of the year :)   Cheese!!!!!
Determined to reach goals.
Don’t you just wish that we’d all don’t have to work.
Eye contact begins to reveal.
Funny of me, I am still peeking but I am doing homework & watching music box.
Got home unpacked, shower and went to bed, thought of Ben.
However, this has gone out of hands.
I can still taste alcohol in my mouth and i'm still pretty much very tipsy.
I cannot blog damn I just cannot.
I could have gone but I didn’t have any swim suit to wear.
I couldn't have said it better.
I coulnt forget how I really felt in that one amazing dream I just had.
I don't recognize this place, the picture frames have changed and so has your name... We don't talk much anymore, we keep running from the pain but what I wouldn't give to see your face again...  Lost without your love  Lost and all alone, I always thought that I could make it on my own...
I hate waiting in long lines.
I have a total concept potential you wouldnt understand.
I know that I am so scared of losing Alyssia but I'm pretty sure that there wont be any problem with the court deciding in my favor, or if he has a delinquent in his child support payments.
I might be wrong and you might not believed in my words.
I refused to answer her call because of what she did to me last night.
I sat there thinking what the hell happen last night?
I see I am not interesting but I like to write.
I think I have only spent four dollars.
I think that’s why I like to memorize everyone’s talents or skills that not everyone knows about.
I was feeling alil tipsy.
I've got a new favorite song in mind.
I've spent $20.00 on slots.
If I&nbsp;EVER find out who did this, I'm gonna take him down.
In addition, eat delicious food everyday.
In reality it would never happen.
Jumping in with your heart and jumping out with your head.
Living on Earth is expensive, but it does include a free trip around the sun every year.
Loves to make friends ..  SEPTEMBER: Suave and compromising.
Me, I was compared to a ROSE.
My new year is going to start off with a formal ball.
Never have I dreamt about a guy as much as I did of him.
Nine in the morning, we head out to heavenly resort.
Often there is an age difference between you and your lover.
On falling out of love, take some time to heal and then get back on the horse.
One guy compliment me about my skin color.
One woman in a class this guy told him she used the underarm pinch on a guy who was trying to date rape her and was so upset she broke through the skin and tore out muscle strands the guy needed stitches.
Peach, for example, is a fruit, not a color.
Q; why did he take me for granted?
SHE: If I saw you naked, I'd probably die laughing.
She again listens then steps off the curb, taps across the street, steps up, and continues until she is out of his sight.
Sknky ass started to fucken cry because she couldn’t argue with me anymore.
So basically everybody knew everybody.
Stay away from traitors and jealous people, then you will be stress free.
That’s a very long time for a gal like me.
The Hunter because he always goes deep in the bush, shoots twice and always eats what he shoots.
The club itself was really cool.
The day is going by so slow and i'm still here at work with no one to chat with.
The value of time is what counts the most.
Then, i started to cry, Linda came in, i was talking to her telling her about my drama with my mother.
To love is to risk rejection; to live is to risk dying, to hope is to risk failure.
Tonight I get to wink *.~, play around, laugh at your jokes and have great conversation with you.
Two of my girlfriends had to take me home and take good care of me.
Up the lift, down the hill, up the lift, off the lift and down the hill again.
We gather everyone up and just drank, one shot after another within 30 mins we had like four shots already total.
When I turned, I nearly knocked her down.
Yeah yeah, the food network is awesome.
Yep yep yep, while everybody's going crusin, being stuck in traffic, I'm flying high in the sky.
You are fussy and exacting about having your desires satisfied.
You enjoy playing love games.
You will be very generous to your lover once you have attained a commitment.
i enjoy myself from the inside out.
