(/me makes mental note to ask him to teach me how to burn dvds kung may susunod pang chat) ------------  so there.
- Vincent Van Gogh, (1853 – 1890)  So here's a list of my mid-year resolutions..
------ Starry Night       "It is good to love many things, for therein lies strength, and whosoever performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done with love is well done."
-----------------------------------------     kahapon din, nagisang taon na palang  namatay ang aso kong si Filart.
=) (im hoping against hopes that there will come a time that i will be spending my day with the same feeling of happiness and liberation with a guy i like and remember every detail like i did today) i feel depressed and disappointed about my students' performance on their first exam.
A quick merienda with two of my friends, Alvin and Jacque, turned out to be a 5-hour dinner date.
A sense of direction is slowly unfolding right before my eyes.
About 20 percent of those people who have had chicken pox will get zoster at some time during their lives.
Basta, masarap ang pakiramdam.
Everybody wears white shirt.
Ganun din naman ang bayad e. Tumawid kami sa kabilang side ng MRT at nag-abang.
Guilty Pleasures  i took a 2-day holiday.
Hindi ko na lang papangalanan pero kung ano mang ilusyon ang meron ako para sa taong yon, mukang malabo talaga.
I agree with the quiz results.
I wanted a copy of my own but i dont have the extra cash to buy one.
I was supposed to go to school today to research* and finish checking my students' data sheets but I wanted to sleep all day.
I will not argue with my mom about anything.
I'll try my best to have a positive attitude.
I'll try to be a good teacher/student/researcher.
Ilan lang yan sa mga gumugulo sa isip ko ngayon na di ko masolusyunan.
Imagine - no commitment,no strings attached.
Inaamin ko na nakipagsapalaran ako sa pagkuha ng M. S. degree dahil inakala kong wala akong pupuntahan matapos grumaduate ng B. S. Isa pang dahilan ay dahil sa ito ang karaniwang landas na tinahak ng mga ka-batch ko.
Its like an automatic If-Then situation.
Just remembering the context of my dream makes me want to hide in shame.
Just when I (my family actually) am in dire need of money.
Kakahiya nga pero wala akong paki.
Mantra #2:  I will do just fine in front of 100 students...
Maybe I needed to change something about myself.
Nakakawiling pumunta sa Makati na nakasakay sa MRT mula Quezon Avenue papuntang Ayala station.
No funny feeling in my stomach.
No more games for us anymore.
Over spending is easy to do now so look for sales and save as much as possible.
Paguwi namin, sobrang kapal ng tao sa northbound side ng MRT.
Take a deep breath and  say...banana!!!
Thanks for the money i received today.
That dreams are the manifestations of our sub-conscious minds' desires is not always true after all.
The blisters generally last for two to three weeks.
There's no other way of looking at it but a gross obsession to the use of internet.
This film will definietly be my benchmark for so-called  weird  movies.
This is a well-crafted movie which made use of lots of symbolisms.
To understand eternal truth,  And know right from wrong,  And gather all the beauty of  A flower and a song,   For if I help the world to grow  In wisdom and grace,  Then I feel that I have won  And I have filled my place.
WEIRD  as its title may seem, this movie will definitely make you appreciate your blessings in life.
What do you expect, someone to just walk up to you and ask you where you want it?
You'll have to stand tip-toed with your arms crossed above your head.
all these while listening to Magic 89.9 of course.
as for the "affairs" or connections i have, they exist alright but to what end?
di ko pa rin alam e. parang opinyon ko laban sa opinyon ng iba ang nangyayari e. tingin nila lahat siya ay bading.
halos 2 oras ata ang tinakbo ng pelikula at di naman ako ganun nagandahan.
her manila concert however, brought me back to my senses.
i dont think ill still have the time to accomplish most of the tasks ive listed down.
i have high hopes that by the middle of the coming week, we would have settled this issue.
i hope to improve by january 2004.
i imagined buying myself a pair of jeans on sale at marks and spencer and buying stuffs from Lush for mommy.
i imagined myself checking papers while sipping my almond mocha joy.
i was never able to confirm my feelings.
i will be writing updates of whats going on in my life by topic.
id like to think i met the one person 2 and a half years ago.
im  not losing the pounds but im still eating healthily.
im not sure if having 2 such undefined relationships at the moment should make me happy.
im on my 6th day of "bumhood" and so far, its been boring.
its safer that way"    Amen.
jack_leido (12:58:13 PM): yup jack_leido (12:58:20 PM): i live alone remebr jack_leido (12:58:30 PM): pesto my fave taghorjix (12:58:37 PM): hehe..good for u jack_leido (12:58:39 PM): salads taghorjix (12:58:42 PM): i dont cook jack_leido (12:58:42 PM): taco jack_leido (12:58:48 PM): ill cook 4 u taghorjix (12:59:05 PM): no thanks..u myt poison me taghorjix (12:59:06 PM): hehehe jack_leido (12:59:18 PM): y sud i jack_leido (12:59:31 PM): u more use to me alive taghorjix (12:59:42 PM): what am i, a slave?
jack_leido (1:12:14 PM): alls fair in love and war ?
jack_leido (1:38:07 PM): tommorow ill make a 3 million taghorjix (1:38:07 PM): yes if ur a god..then im satan taghorjix (1:38:26 PM): can u do me a favor?
kahit nga name e. which is fine by me.
kase...nilibing na si rico yan.
malay ko ba na ma-involve ako mashado sa characterization kina maggie cheung at tony leung at ma-titrigger ang mga kawindangan ko.
marie: oo pero rose na walang malisya.
may i find the right motivation and inspiration to achieve all of them.
nagiinit ang puso ko sa tuwa pag ganun e. kahit pag sa kaibigan lang.
o kaya itong pag-blog ko at pag-"park" sa irc.
potsky: eh nachicken ako e. lol.
remember: a MUST this sembreak motivation: will be driving myself to school by second sem.
sana matapos na problema ko.
there was also so much blood.
tulad ng pagsasayang ng oras sa net kakaisip kung saan ako makakabili ng murang manual na SLR.
unfortunately, both are offline.
well im not exactly lonely.
when aperture in on irc, the "-----" issue takes a backseat willingly.
