"oh i heard that smoking makes you forguet your problems" it doesnt.
&nbsp;   next was... no resolution.
&nbsp;   so basically lets talk about the place.
&nbsp;  ok now the wooden things.
(i dont blame you when you piss and moan) i dont know what can i say.
9) Tell Buba that he should enjoy you while he has the chance because you will only be there for 15-25 years.
:@ says: jaja IT STILL LOOKS PRETTY UGLY TO ME!
:@ says: pero yo no quiero unirme IT STILL LOOKS PRETTY UGLY TO ME!
Consumism is another thing is making everyone look like an ant.
Expert textpert choking smokers, Don't you thing the joker laughs at you?
I dont know why, but some chilli was in my mouth, and I hadn't noticed.
I found that the same store that sells Aphex Twin CD's also sells Underworld.
I got there, gave the gift, sat down with gramps, ate bubble gum, sat down, looked at kids, sat down lor like 1:30:00,  talked to people I dont know, ate pizza, ate MORE pizza, ate bread, ate ice cream, ate sugar packets, ate candy, used camera, got full of cake icing, cleaned my shirt, disposed of the camera, said bye, got bored, got on car, listened to music, got home, looked at the repaired docking station, got bored on gaia, received avy pic, now, will torture Pizza Hut cashier 'till death.
I just want to write about something, though there is not much to say.
I shouldve known this before, but people there told me the concerts at Gospel generally start at about 6:30. i got there at 4:50.
I think that's the worst combination in a human being: hypocrisy and superficiality.
I'm not scared of talking to Ms. Post anymore.
It's filled with great MP3's.
Let me tell you something Tilio told me: ""School" is just a fraction of your life" and that is true, unless you are going to die at the age of 20 and you know it, then you are really fucked up.
Man, you should have seen them kicking Edgar Allan Poe.
Many birds In North America migrate to these forests, on arriving and finding no forest they die.
Maybe because im the first one to finish my Flash assignments (half an hour before someone else in the class).
Mister City Policeman sitting Pretty little policemen in a row.
Oh yea, Gay J also screwed a little too much around with my contacts (o. O).
Only few are the ones that stop and help you, few are the ones that really care about you and the million persons around them.
Oooh man, thats cool, they made the straight edge thing!
See how they fly like Lucy in the Sky, see how they run.
So he tries to find something in my work that's wrong.
So this will be my basic blog.
That which says people must pay western prices for their food.
These discrimination and indifference to latinos irritates us creating a situation just like the one you have with the black people.
They're an American Company who set up dangerous plants.
This is caused by the menace Iraqi militant cleric Moqtada Sadr set after rejecting calls to end the fighting.
This ratio is not objective since it is my opinion.
We all know about factories who manufacture pesticide, you know about Union Carbide.
^^;;;;  Ugh, anyway, I'm off to post in my LJ, then study for my English exam (WHY ME?!
bye bye i remembered that when i was like 4, i was sitting with my parents in my old house, and my dad was sitting on a grey couch that we had, and he was reading the newspaper magazine, Viva, and my mom was sitting on the sofa too but on the part where you rest your arms, and i rememner that infront of that couch was the living room, which was very small like 3meters squared, and we had a small sony tv and more grey couches around the TV, and i ran up to my dad and sid: daddy that says Viva, because i had learned to read somewhere in time near that moment, and then my dad sat me on his legs and i stared at the newspaper and i dont remember anything else.
com im not sure what to do with so many blogs:  this im using it for writing down thoughts.
doc  urlLink Fossil Fuels.
es algo en lo que yo no decidi unirme.
get a guitar and make quick noises and there you have upshock.
he just sits all day  there, and he says that it sucks because the doctors dont let you do a thing "damn heart" he sez.
how many more lies must we listen to?
i discovered them today, now that i come to think about it.
i got home and put some yellow shoelaces on them.
i mean, a brick colored house with two palms on it?
i mean, come on,  the paintings sucked .
i read funny email roar roberto is next to me.
i wanna go back to school and talk to friends blablabla.
im getting bored of you all trying to act to some stupid rule of society, and deep inside i know that none of you are like that.
invert on tourism, and you only get a bunch of gringos infesting the local mcdonald's up.
it all comes out unformatted.
it just scks, bunch of greedy bastards.
its like:  kid: since when are you edge?
jpg  &nbsp; So what the heck, i realy wrote that on the guest book.
llegando al final de las escaleras en el pacuare, ustedes pueden observar que detras suyo, volviendo a&nbsp; ver para las afueras de nuestro afamada construccion, se ve un caballito.
lo linda que es mi costa rica y su bonito monopolio de parque de diversiones.
of making site layouts, i am now officially only writing blogs at blogger.
okei, diganme PORQUE PUTAS NO!?
one more word: I cant count!
png this is the image for my wishlist :3   urlLink wishlist.
power rangers or any of those would never say: "suck it to me baby" "DAMN!"
so now hes making a better one that actually has sanded joints.
so we sorta walked around.... late night... uhm, there was another party going on in one of the blocks in which people started whistling around at us.
so, my site doesnt work, my family doesnt habve money, i give a damn if one of my friends dies, and my parents are getting a divorce.
ten tracks  pretty cool : Felipe Messeguer's Funeral Soundtrack  and the box sez: parental advisory exlicit content  lol i wont invite a priest to my funeral: dont want to bore peeps.... NO ONE will get bored in my funeral, even if ive got to revive to make them happy im listening to aphex twin's let my fish loose mix.
that  every single wooden carving had the exact same shape !&nbsp; Then there was this piece of wood that had like writen "ove, love, lo ve, lo ve?"
thats what the song says, and none of you will ever move your picture because your explanation of the world is a label with some clothes on it.
this new media, this new thought.
urlLink     im not sure if that'll work Im planning on writing stories.
what about you estebitan?
what do i care about now?
y creer q en algun momento pense unificar a esta genercion.
