(Did you see Bourne Identity?
After that, we had some Japanese food in downtown for dinner.
Although it would not be as perfect as it was before.
Although it's only gonna be a weekend get away, I'm still really excited!!!
And "luckily", it was pretty nice outside.
As usual, me and Puma ended up at my place, watching the Food network channel.
Basically what I do is just serving food or swiping their meal cards.
But I will see my parents too in about two weeks though.
But it's alright, it will be fun..fun..fun!!
But the quote above is my real answer.
By the way, yesterday was father's day, so  "Happy Father's Day"  to all dads!!
Can't wait to see more of it next week.
Can't wait to see the third one!
Did you guys see that  urlLink nip/tuck   show on FX earlier?
Don't you think that your dad needs appreciation too?
Gosh, I miss home so much.
Here in Fort Collins, we also have a lot of local owner coffee shops.
I asked my manager if I could go home and he said the big YES.
I can't believe that Summer is almost over.
I decided to do a research on "The Ethical Issues of Downloading Music via the Internet."
I didn't get to see them when they're playing at the theatre, so I just rented them.
I don't know the answer to that.
I don't know,&nbsp;I get scared easily&nbsp;by watching that kind of movie.&nbsp;I also haven't seen Fahrenheit 9/11, The Terminal, and The Notebook.
I got a split shift at work today, so I got a chance to take a nap..hihihi.
I guess thanks to "redlight".
I had fun, until I discovered that my room was full of bugs!!
I just got back from work and it's raining..again.
I kind of miss the old times when I was still in Jakarta.
I made a lot of plans, and I just found out yesterday that I have to be in a two weeks full of training when they're here.
I ordered a cup of my favorite soup there, enchiladas soup, and buffalo wings with bleu cheese.
I remember when I was in high school, if we didn't have school on Saturday, we always went to new york cafe to watch the Groove on stage..hehe..they always knew our crowd, because we're all girls..hehe.
I spent my morning by just sitting around in front of my computer, browsing, waiting for my bid at ebay to end, and chatting with  urlLink Mur  who's still having fun in Jakarta!!
I think I like&nbsp;this movie&nbsp;better than the first one, although I don't really remember the first one..hihihi.
I think that their coffee sucks.
I thought it was so disturbing, but I kept watching it anyway..hehe.
I was sent home early because they have too many people.
I, honestly, didn't really get the connection between the Chaos theory and the butterfly effect.
It sounds like a fun job, and it will be a great experience for me if I want to get a similar job back home.
It was a great night and an A+ movie.
It was awesome, I like it a lot.
It was really..really hot and sunny.
It will keep coming back and haunt you on every little step that you make, every minute, every day.
It's always raining and the sun only comes out once in a while.
It's been like this since this afternoon.
It's cold and cloudy in July.&nbsp;Today is around 57 F and&nbsp;I think it's gonna rain again tonight.
It's not like an Asian restaurant at all.
Just to see your instant messenger blinking with his name on it can make you happy, because you know that he's thinking about you.
Me and some friends went to see Spiderman 2  on Friday.
On Friday night I usually go out with friends.. kadang2 mencoba tempat2 baru..hehe .
On Saturday night we usually  "nonton midnite."
Plus Julian McMahon (Dr. Christian Troy) is so gorgeous!!
So, yesterday, after I got home from working long hours,&nbsp;the four of us&nbsp;went to see I, Robot.
Some people say yes, but some people say no.
Sometimes just to sit at home, watch tv, and do nothing can be relaxing.
That's the movie with Ashton Kutcher in it.
The meeting only took about 10 minutes, then we decided to play Bocce Ball, one of my favorite sports hihihihi.
The next day we all just felt exhausted and ready to go home.
The question that keeps coming up is,  "should I wait..or should I not?"
The weather has been really gloomy for the past couple of weeks.
There are lots of good movies at the theatre that I haven't seen.
They have a really good food there, from sushi to tempura to Korean barbecue.
They have predatory business practices.
They sell fake corporate responsibility.
They will be put inside the campus' dorms and apartments.
Tomorrow is another new day at work.
We also organize and create events, which I always enjoy doing.
We had to walk around campus and went to advocacy offices to get information and learn about their programs.
We went there around 6 p. m. to catch the 7:15 show.
We went to City Park at noon and had lunch there.
We're going to see fireworks at City Park, tonight.
Weekend seemed really fun.
Well, maybe it's just me.
Well, that's all for now.
Well..it's easier said than done.
When we got there..it was sold out!!
Yesterday, I had to wake up early at 6 A. M. to work (yes..I work on weekends) and spent my afternoon with friends.
You can never predict them.
You feel comfortable when you're together and feel like you're missing your other half when he's not around.
You've Got Mail is one of my favorite movies of all time.
Yup..they're coming here.
urlLink  Kathleen Kelly   : No.
