(mm, separate from society) 79.
(where would I be w/out it) 22.
)- First it was Billy Idol, Rebel Yell, then it was Queen- Bohemian Rhapsody.
*Sigh* We need to get everybody together for lunch one day.
*mutter* Shit... aww fuck."
23) Demented surgeons will drive a half-inch steel rod through your cheeks and attach it to a water-skiing towrope, but unfortunately, they'll lose the bet that made them do it in the first place.
3) Human nature calls for a need of order, some heirarchy to keep things in line.
AND    Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix  By Joanne Kathleen Rowling.
And I saw this kinda shiny thing on the ground, looked dark brown or black.
And don't just see it for the Depp element.
And of course I don't carry a key... oh well.
And this is exactly why humans are so violent- they are fucking terrified because they're defenseless.
Any normal human would freak out, and not be able to defend themself.
Anyway, someone remind me.
Anyway- thousands of people die because they are seen as inferior.
But, yeah... it was fun, but I'm a bit tired so I'll tell you everything (and I do mean down to the smallest detail) tomorrow.
But... it wasn't so long ago.
Did I put you on the spot?
Don't just pretend it's fine.
Even if it is cold right now... even if it's not thundering, I am content.
Eventually, they will outrun us... we won't have the technology, the time, the money, etc.
Everyone should look at the guestbook for a moment.
Fanfiction is an assembly of stories... using characters, settings, etc.
Hahaha, I've waited so long!
He got up a couple times to pace around the plane... only to sit down and a few minutes later exclaim quitely "Fuck!"
He really was the best teacher (high school, I'm not dissing Mrs. Bamford or anything) I could've imagined.
He was about 7' tall, so he felt the need to stretch a bit before sqeezing himself between united seats (horribly small, even I think so).
I didn't watch if after that, because the only worthwhile person left was Chris Kattan- I now have word he's left too.
I guess the favorite color silver is bad... for my destiny.
I have Bio first period!!!
I have a fucking 4.1 GPA...
I know it's unattainable.
I loathe every inhalation because it sustains me until the next.
I love it when we dance dirrty.
I wish I hung out with all my friends, more.
I wish we slept during the day.
I'm going to add that to the list.
I'm perfectly capable of movement, but not internally.
If only it started at noon... at least I'd get proper sleep, then.
If you are, then might I suggest the  urlLink The Random Insight Forum.
It's the coolest thing, silver and black, huge... metal tip.
K, so before I retire, I've thought of something lovely to blog.
Keep taking quizzes, you know it tempts you!
Life is lovely and fabbity fab fab for me with Eddie... tweedle dee... and other things that rhyme w/ EE.
Like, what if my mother died by some twist of fate- custody might go to my father.
Mm, that wonderful smell permeating my room, my things.
Mon dieu, the smell is like nothing else in the world!
Not to mention Barenaked Ladies are making me happier.
Now, for a rant of sorts.
Of course I don't show that, and what you might see is a fraction of what goes on.
Oh, and check out the links if you get bored.
On a lesser scale than death and war- hierarchies.
On one hand, I really, really, really cannot wait for the freedom of summer.
People go inland so quickly, there's no chance for a market to stablize.
Post the text of the sentence in your journal along with these instructions.
Quick- flock, mob, rush... do whatever you must!
So it's been a while, but I figure I post a lot more than most people do, so it's okay.
So pleease comment, just tell me you're reading!
So then we went and wandered around Flatirons for a bit, then he took me home, and the garage door was being stupid and the keypad like doesn't work anymore.
So, Dede and Jordy have excuses for not being online.
So, I heard the icecream truck again today.
That wonderful bright blue twinkling...
The Sonnet Deliberate Gentle Love Dreamer (DGLDf)  ALWAYS AVOID: The 5-Night Stand, The False Messiah, The Hornivore, The Last Man on Earth   CONSIDER: The Loverboy   Go take it, and tell me who you are.
Then it got progressively funnier, until we were making fun of him... then we were making funny noises and coordinating our 'oohs' and 'ahhs'.
There is no long run in this, because life is short-lived.
There's a cd of Monty Python skits!
They had games, so Lauren and I tried to play Sorry, but Matthew kept drawing our cards for us and moving our pieces... and so it was very confusing, and he was basically playing w/ himself.
Those socially unacceptable, ugly, negative words, the ones adults try to avoid using around kids, for fear that youngsters will hear and, god forbid, repeat.
To begin with, media of all sorts (ie television, movies, internet, and advertisements everywhere) should henceforth be required to include subliminal messages.
Today, members of the conspiracy are everywhere.
Unfortunately Null doesn't read anonymous letters- actually she had to have read it, but not responded.
Very suburb area, which is great.
We did have a balcony, which was good, I suppose.
What would your Anime life be like?
Yeah, you be thinking about that, you'll be hearing more from me.
You have peculer ways and thoughts.
Your a bit odd and as many say "Your head is in the clouds."
Your soulmate      Your Partner Has Said That You...    Are their favorite person      Your Love is Summed Up In A Quote.
Zeus impregnated her with a "shower of gold" or a ray of light... however you want to interpret that.
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla You are a human shadow.
to defeat these little buggers, and they're going to create some 2nd plague.
