A great American, a great president, a very decent human being.
A success as a radio broadcaster, actor, union leader, governor and President.
Almost bricked myself when I saw that the copy I'd  been working on for a few days had gone to be replaced by a empty copy...
Also bought some Ben Sherman stuff.
Also completely forgot recommend a friend!
Apprently you don't get it as standard.
Bit of a family feud going on today.
Bit pissed about it because Kaye's leaving pissup is next Thursday and I am going to miss it because I am stuck in Reading.
Canal Street is certainly much better then Brum's Gay Village.
Darren and Mandy came up tonight...
Darren's is not going to Mom & Micks 20th Aniversary party in April.
David wasn't  best pleased.&nbsp; Alison was still off sick too.&nbsp; Oh Dear :)&nbsp; Car  should be back tomorrow hopefully.
Didn't get bloody  car back today... the parts didn't come.. oh how we've heard that one before...  shall I call Watchdog?&nbsp; Therefore I didn't go into CBS today.
Finally got around to doing the mess at 2 in the afternoon... Sam did all the washing up and cleaning, I did all the vacuuming, and boy there was SHITLOADS of crap everywhere.
Finally met Gordon Halley, who didn't look at all as I imagined!
Find it quite hard to talk to him sometimes as we don't have that much in common.
Found a bug in my child care code that returned payment when they shouldn't have... whoops.
Funnily enough, they don't know what they are.
Good job that I didn't go into CBS as still  had some crap to finish off on BAA.&nbsp;          &nbsp;     Had a bit of a scare  earlier when i mailed the Sysao geezer the stuff I'd done on BAA and he came  back and said it was blank..
Had a bit of a scare earlier.
Had a problem getting the new coals going until Mick did an emergency run up to the petrol station and came back with the bag coals...
He is not too happy about that, especially since he has to goto work on the train tomorrow.
He won election after election; he is still the man for whom the largest ever number of votes were cast in any Presidential election.
He's quite proud of his car...
Hooked it up to Sam's machine and it was fine.
How is it possible to remember a political leader who cut spending on everything except the military kindly?
How you feel about Reagan's legacy, and how you feel about the current president, is marked by how you feel about the idea of "America the good."
I am especially gutted since I went shopping on Friday Night and spent £115 on food for the next couple of weeks.
I am surprised this Blog has not been deleted!
I could really do with it but work is work.
I didn't take my laptop and for some reason the Blogger post wouldn't work.
I don't mind having Vicky's party here next month but someone had better help us clear up!
I get sent wherever I suppose.
I keep forgetting this and thinking that I've got a Sunday off.
I should have gone back upto Manchester to the GMP, but my check was all puffed out and it hurt like hell, so I didn't bother.
I still kept all the other bits though.
I think Hogwarts has moved upto Scotland, must have been a bit damp in Wales!
I was always told never to speak ill of the dead.
I went from a Abit KR7-Raid to an Epox 8RDA with nForce 2 on board.
I'll just let Grenada, Iran-Contra, his "joke" about unleashing nuclear war on the then Soviet Union and the rest of his record speak for itself.
I'm at bit torn between payroll at YBS and Phase 2 at CBS.
I'm going to go though.. Its all water under the bridge.
I've been up in Mancester working at the  urlLink Greater Manchester Police  doing an Oracle 11i upgrade.
I've just enjoyed reading my last updates so I'm going to start this up again... see how long it lasts this time :) urlLink    UFO Lands In My Garden!&nbsp; urlLink At CBS yesterday... Foudn that the recommend a friend is a lot harder then what I thought... Ali also keep giving me welcome interuptions on FTE budgets and the spreadsheet upload.
If I was looking to move up north, I'd definately consider Manchester.
It is a tribute to America, that we survived his term in office.
It looking like I will have to goto Reading next Thursday / Friday to do a 9iAS install.
It's difficult to remember anything good about the Reagan/Thatcher axis of power except that it is now consigned to history.
Just reinstalling Windows XP after my motherboard upgrade.
Kept waking up to make sure I wasn't late for the meeting.
Later On...........  Did you know I did practically bugger all work on Friday?
Maternity should be fine once Oracle deliver the seed data.
Mouth feels like a sewer sometimes though.. Don't know how Sam puts up with it.
Needless to say, I don't think she was interested!
News for today...    urlLink Promiscuous BluePod file swapping - coming to a PDA near you  Allows tracks to be swapped via bluetooth...   urlLink Why wireless will end ‘piracy’ and doom DRM and TCPA – Jim Griffin    urlLink RIAA wants your fingerprints  Biometric Fingerprint Player ties DRM'd tunes to your fingerprint.
Nic and Ira both turned up too :)  Everyone had a good time and really enjoyed it.
Oh its a Payroll life for me... :) Looked on jobserve and find that Oracle Payroll contracting jobs are paying 500 a pay... that will do me :) Minority Report is here... urlLink    Just Me!&nbsp; urlLink Hmm... Another government project giving us value for money!
One of them said to them, your the fittish bird I've ever seen and I could fuck you senseless.
Patched the XML Publisher into my PROD box last night.
Right... Haven't posted for quite a few days!
Ronald Reagan as president understood, exemplified and encouraged the ideal of "America the good."
Ronald Reagan was quite a normal president, with a regular-guy-charm just as current president Bush has.
Sam wasn't very well yesterday, he seemed a little bit drained.
Sams car is also playing up, seems to be over revving whenever he accelerates.
Saturday : Slightly productive day!
So here's an update :)  Monday : Work Tuesday : Work Wednesday : Work Had to go to Bullring in the evening to buy some trousers.
So, aiming to buy one of those with some PC3200 memory (probably Corsair) in the summer sometime.
Spent 2 hours sorting out my mail server... A couple of hours looking at my PROD box (I suppose that  could be counted as work)  Sam didn't goto work but he did drop by to pick up something or other.
Spent all day answering questions on the BAA bid.
Spent yesterday doing bugger all really... not sure were all my time went!
Thank you Mr President for making this world a better place.
The greatest of them all.
The part didn't come in,  its only a bloody pipe FFS!
The queue to get into the gale was humongous!
The seat belt covers came today...
They are deffo going on holiday !!
They gave me a courtesy car but I had to insure it myself.
They want to run the payroll tommorrow but we are not really ready gonna be interesting tomorrow I think.
This board should be able to take one of the new Athlons with Barton core.
This helped cover over the fact that he knew very little of foreign affairs, or politics as a whole, and that he was really a president a lot like president Bush is today.
Tried installing RedHat 8 but the install fell over with a 'gnome-canvas--def' something or other error.
We ended up in the fountain outside the darkroom which all the coming and goings ;)    urlLink Here  are some pic from Pride 2004 on the BBC website.
thank you & we'll Miss you!
urlLink    New MG-ZRX dash&nbsp; urlLink urlLink    New MG ZR-X Front&nbsp; urlLink Back at CBS.
urlLink Microsoft loses to Linspire again  MS Having a bad week.
