A little something about me, so you guys aren't totally lost reading this.
Are there any books (comic, novel, etc.)
Are you trying to give it up, or are you just reconciled to the fact that you will always have it?
Can you tell I'm a big fan?
Can't wait to see Matrix Reloaded, that's on tap for next weekend.
Did it have any negative results?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Have you ever been "furloughed" (told to take time off work without pay) or laid off?
Hear me...I am not going to freak out about this!
Heck, I can't remember what happened yesterday, hehe.
Hopefully, I'm talking better tomorrow, my mouth is still numb, and my entire head is asleep.
I can't describe it, I just feel like something very bad is coming.
I can't wait to see her, she's one of the few things that makes me smile anymore.
I climbed a water fall in Jamaica once…that was fun…very pretty 83.
I don&rsquo;t like a lot of chocolate stuff 21.
I don't have any friends that I've been out of contact with for a long time.
I don't know why, but I am in a horrible mood right now.
I don't remember the first video I saw.
I hate grape and orange flavored stuff&#8230;anything and everything 99.
I have no choice but to work on Thursday.
I have the worst memory and it takes me forever to remember peoples names… 41. hair: brown 42. eyes: greenish brown...they kinda change….
I have trouble picking favorite stuff like colors and movies and shit&#8230; 97.
I have trouble picking favorite stuff like colors and movies and shit… 97.
I invited everyone I know and so far M. J. is the only one that is coming for sure.
I just finished watching the Evanescence video for "Bring me to life" on VH1, now they've got coldplay on.
I just got my tax refund and I get paid tomorrow!!!
I like peanut butter and jelly sandwiches&#8230;but only if I have chocolate milk with it.
I love pets, but they're a little too much work for me.
I love running&#8230;but only if I&rsquo;m alone 9.
I made a guy cry before…haha that was funny… 76.
I need time to think and evaluate who I am and where this life is headed.
I really didn't want to go alone.
I took a nap earlier tonight, and I just can't sleep.
I tried to keep a friend from starting to drink and smoke, and it destroyed our friendship.
I try to be the best person I can be, and I still get abandoned, mistreated, and just plain screwed over at every turn.
I used to go looking for houses with my uncle.
I want 2 more piercings in my ear and my belly button…sorry Chris =( 22.
I want to get a job at a place that sells cds next summer&#8230;they can sell other stuff&#8230;as long as they have cds... 63.
I was at work today and lost a filling out of my tooth.
I was going to call MJ, but she didn't return my call last night, so I'm guessing she has more important things to do then talk to me today.
I watched the BGN race from Daytona and played Vice City all day.
I&rsquo;ve been to Mexico for spring break&#8230;that was fun!
I'm a racing nut, I eat, sleep, and dream NASCAR.
I'm going to go in and yell at my boss Monday morning.
I'm just sitting around at home today, I'm taking a day to just relax and do nothing.
I'm still eating soup though, I don't want to eat anything solid until tomorrow.
I've never had a friend borrow more than $5-$10 and  I always got it back.
If not to you, have you seen it happen to anyone you know?
If you were to open up your own restaurant, what would it be called and what type of food would you serve?
Imagine you won a tax-free gift of $7,000.
In a dating or married relationship, is it possible to change someone to be more like you want them to be?
In a way this song reminds me of myself most of the time.
Is the name you have now the same name that's on your birth certificate?
It definitely changed the music industry a lot, but it didn't kill the radio star.
It's a lot nicer position.
It's nice to my computer back up and running 100%.
I’m not a big candy fan… 79.
I’ve never owned any kind of video game thing.
KV and I are to the point that we just don't care anymore.
LinktoComments('10')    urlLink Comment MY BIRTHDAY PARTY IS TONIGHT!!!!!!!!!
LinktoComments('12')    urlLink Comment Well, Promoguy went on vacation, so the  urlLink Monday Mission  is a little late...Sorry!
LinktoComments('31')    urlLink Comment Ok, I'm Bored, hehe.
LinktoComments('51')    urlLink Comment Well, I'm feeling a little better.
MJ's coming over today, don't know when.
Moral: Don't try to change people you care about!!!
Not much in the way of achievements.
OK, Time for the  urlLink Friday Five!
Of all the things you can cook, what dish do you like the most?
Ran myself through the  urlLink MTV Nicknaminator.
Second try, I failed the first time.
See if you can figure out my mood...  Remy Zero - Perfect Memory Live - The Sanctity of Dreams Goo Goo Dolls - What a Scene Fountains of Wayne - Little Red Light Fountains of Wayne - Valley Winter Song Less Than Jake - Help Save the Youth of America from Exploding Green Day - Time of your life Johnny Cash - Hurt Less Than Jake - Nervous in the Alley Evanescence - Tourniquet Glow - Regret Third Eye Blind - Misfits Third Eye Blind - Motorcycle Drive-By Goo Goo Dolls - Sympathy  LinktoComments('49')    urlLink Comment I'VE MOVED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
That's it...I promise I'll try and update more often from now on.
Then, I've got to work a half day tomorrow :(  Oh Well....Time for the  urlLink Friday Five!
They're doing an episode in England, but instead of London, they're calling it Londinium, hehe.
This list belongs to my friend Nic.
This wonderful company I'm working for has just implemented several new rules that would seem absurd to a 5 yr old.
What Disney character(s) do you most identify with?
What are your 3 favorite shows from your childhood?
What are your favourite flavor of chips?
What brand of soda do you drink?
What person would you like to not ever see again as long as you live?
What was your favorite music video as a teenager?
When was the last time the you got a shot at the Doctor's office?
Who were they and how much did they want?
Why were you named what you were?
