"TAKE A BREAK HONEY, YOU'RE WORKING TOO HARD".
"That's not a leak," the Lord corrected, "that's a tear!"
"YOU KNOW HOW BAD MY MEMORY IS."
"YOU KNOW I COULD NEVER LOVE ANYONE ELSE."
(Please note, placing a paw print in the middle of my plate of food does not stake a claim for it  becoming your food & dish, nor do I find that aesthetically pleasing in the slightest.)
* Ask your shelter to implement a feral cat program based on Trap-Neuter-Return.
- Keep exercise equipment in a locked room.
- We don’t hurt each other physically or verbally.
... you frequently misspell your own name.
... you stare at an orange juice can because it says concentrate.
... you think hot dogs are real meat.
... you try to turn the light on to find a flashlight in a power outage!
A strong sense of self-esteem helps children resist negative peer pressure and gives them the confidence to face challenges and try new things.
A: When the farmer does it to the bull instead of the cow.
Accept yourself and acknowledge both your pains and your joys.
Along with TNR, caregivers promote public education about society's responsibility to our community and to the domestic animals we have created.
And in autumn, the task that leaves many a home-maintenance enthusiast sore and regretful on Monday mornings is – yes – raking leaves.
And remember that raking is a full-body experience; be sure to stretch not only your shoulders and arms, but also your neck, upper and lower back, thighs, and calves.
And this is only the first day!
Baby books   First child: You record every coo and hiccup, and the pages are so full of memorabilia that the book won't shut.
Be open to new ideas that may contribute to your well being.
By honoring our own standards and sticking by what we say, children start to see that manipulation doesn’t get them anywhere.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy.
Drop off your name and address if you are interested in exhibiting in next year's fair.
Enraged by the response, the farmer was tempted to fire him on the spot.
Establish your supremacy over this wood pulp product at every opportunity.
Even if you don’t plan to change your mind about a decision you’ve made, give your child a chance to air his or her feelings (respectfully).
Everyone who starts a fitness program is eager to see results  – on the scale, in a favorite outfit, in the mirror.
Exhibitors range in categories from painting, ceramics, leather, wood, jewelry, photography and more, and are juried annually to ensure that the highest quality and excellence are displayed each year.
Focus and reflect on them.
Focus on what you can do, accept the talents you have.
From the Peaceful Parents Newsletter.
Girlfriends pull you out of jams.
Give the world the best you have and you might get kicked in the teeth.
Here are some tried and true methods of getting your human to do what you want:  Sitting on paper: An oldie but a goodie.
I had to get up at 4 AM every morning.
I hope my blogging friends will change their links to this new page.
I'm going to write my Congresswoman.
I've always wanted to have someone to hold, someone to love.
If a human has paper in front of it, chances are good it's something they assume is more important than you.
If love is missing, things go wrong.
If they survive to adulthood, they will likely mate, creating more homeless animals.
If you are not sure then it's time to rediscover your passion.
Imagine their terror as we crawl like ants with hot-flashes over their godforsaken terrain.
In doing so, you've joined the millions of other cats who have acquired these strange and often frustrating creatures.
It is said that love is blind but friendship is clairvoyant.
It is the children of parents who remain together despite constant conflict who often encounter problems.
Like all ideas, the important visions for your life already exist, whether you have discovered them or not.
MYTH:  Children from single parent homes will never have healthy relationships themselves.
Once we were young, with no idea of the incredible joys or the incredible sorrows that lay ahead.
Only in America ... do we use the word "politics" to describe the process so well: "Poli" in Latin meaning "many" and "tics" meaning "bloodsucking creatures."
People always come into your life for a reason, a season and a lifetime.
Q: Give the meaning of the term "Caesarean Section".
Q: How are the main parts of the body categorized?
Q:How can you delay milk turning sour?
Q:What does the word "benign" mean?
Second child: You still spring for full price for special occasions, but you basically outfit your child off the sale racks.
Sometimes you take it, sometimes you don't.
Studies indicate that income level can be a deciding factor relating to a child's self-esteem.
The Lord replied, "Not only will she be able to think, she will be able to reason and negotiate."
The biggest person with the biggest ideas can be shot down by the smallest person with the smallest mind.
The hired hand in the story was able to sleep because he had secured the farm against the storm.
The location of exhibitors is centrally located in the heart of Ann Arbor's downtown area.
The other eight are up to you.
The proper order is kiss me, then go smell the other dogs or cats' butt.
The shelter accepts as many animals as it possibly can, it also places kittens in foster homes while searching for permanent homes for them.
Therein lies true harmony.
Third child: Your baby is still decked out in a monogrammed outfit--it's just pink and bears his sibling's initials.
This is particularly important with teens and pre-teens whose growing independence is nurtured by a balance of compromise and limits.
Translated: "I have actually severed a limb, but will bleed to death before I admit that I'm hurt."
Translated: "No one will ever see us alive again."
Tuesdays at 6:00 PM, location to be determined.
Use checklists to simplify shopping, traveling and entertaining.
Walking can be a time for self-discovery, a time to reconnect with yourself.
We can easily survive months in the hostile terrain of Afghanistan with no food at all!
We can never assume that our kids automatically know what our expectations are.
We rarely look up from our daily tasks to appreciate the beauty of our environment.
What have been putting off doing?
When anxiety is high between parents, children's emotional needs are often ignored, rules are not consistently enforced and children feel less secure.
Why not just hang around with other cats?
Women come in all sizes, in all colors and shapes.
You also make sure to buy enough to have a week's worth of onesies (which you now realize is closer to three per day!)
brought to you by  urlLink Quizilla     Here’s a quiz that I snagged from  urlLink Hanna’s World .
~ Ernest Hemmingway    My friend Jane is a volunteer for  urlLink TAILS Humane Society  in DeKalb, Illinois.
~ Henry James (1843 - 1916) A perfect summer day is when the sun is shining, the breeze is blowing, the birds are singing, and the lawn mower is broken.
~ Latin proverb     &nbsp;   Take the first step in faith.&nbsp; You don't have to see the whole staircase, just the first step.
~ Nell Blaine    Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.
