(^O^) Mood:   It's a beautiful day today!
3 posts today if you count the picture, sorry guys!!
All i did was click some words and somehow they knew that I still hate that Chris kid for that thing back in grade 3!
Although you have a leader's personality, you often choose not to lead, as leaders stray too far from their audience.
And it's not even fully summer vacaton yet... hope you guys want lots of posts.
And the teacher that's like Roxanne apparently isn't any better at a party than at work.
But I learned how to do  urlLink THIS  So, I debated making all the links like that, but it would have meant going back and cutting up the main page pictures and making a table that would work for it all an too much bloody hassle.
But it simply won't have any of that.
Douglas Adams Mood: ok, but slightly annoyed   I have decided to do Kiba for the June 12th (13th?)
Everyone of those people will ignore a statement like that as well, maybe they don't think I'm intelligent enough to criticize them, they who KNOW what's right.
Gah, sorry to rant guys, but it does bug me when I see that part of some peoples personalities.
Goes something like --> I looked in the mirror and scowled at the bags under my eyes, no amount of wearing my contacts will make them go away, I hate them!!
Good thing I have lots of extra hair from when I got it cut.
He can have his opinion, he can even believe that printing anti-gay pamphlets is the right thing to do.
I bet my parents are proud!
I don't suppose you can really sterilize lettuce can you?
I even have the right hair just now, my eartails are just by my chin line now since I have switched to Hinata hair.
I feel kinda iffy about putting my blog up on a site that Im not hosting.
I got the word wrong so at first she thought it was a cockroach and didn't know what to do, but then she saw it and it was a beetle so it was all good cause the kids keep them as pets and her son wanted it.
I have actually USED that hen na koto pun here too.
I have one without my  website on it, but tripod is being weird and won't let me into that folder.
I haven't mailed the gifts I bought my cousins from Kyoto, OR the stuff I got my mom and dad from Tokyo.
I just cant figure it out.
I plan to go back, maybe Wednesday before I leave.
I should be able to stay up for 3 days to finish this and crash, but nooooo, gots me an office jooob!
I want to put something up there.
I will have to bring my laptop to school.
I'll let you see them later.
I'm going to get some of the stuff AFTER the con, I think that's irony.
I'm thinking of getting an actual account if this survives the initial interesting phase.
I, in my ifinate wisdom, have found a way for you people to annoy, er I meeeeann, INFORM me without having to leave comments.
If I have a great idea for the costume, like the Naruto sleeping hat.
If it weren't for you guys I'd be used to everyone putting themselves first, worrying about their own problems and only talking about themselves all day.
If you could live in someone else's head for a bit, I bet you'd be surprised to find out they're NOT beneath you.
Ill have my email back soon.
It could have been worse.
It's not just about holding your own under fire, its about not firing on others as well.
Kinda embarassing, good thing that guy has a sense of humour.
Kinda feeling the festivities from last night.
Learned a bit of Chinese too!
Makes me feel kinda petty and I try to be stronger because of you.
Maybe burn off all my Naruto manga scans, I really want to send a copy to my cousin so I can get her addicted to Naruto, cause it's so great.
Mind you it could get confusing if a comment up there is for a post down the page quite a bit... but I think this is my best solution.
Mine a roll up type and is curently being used in place of the chimney pipeing.
Mood:   I always post so much at one time, it must be confusing for you guys.
New ideas should be reviewed and judged on their own merits.
No idea how long THIS will take...  And birds... well some of you might remember the little bird that was exploring my house the day after I moved in.
Now, you may be confused at that, but this person isn't one of my friends, just a friend of a friend in a technical sense.
One of the teachers actually SAW that one.
One of them speaks rather good English.
Or the english teacher who seems to think I'm a lepper.
Other than that nothing much interesting has happened lately.
P. S.  The spell Checker told me to change Shanny to Shanghai... hehehe Mood:  still sandy!
PS...damn, the only thing keeping that picture from showing up was a bloddy = sign!
Plus, once they have them, i would be folly to have them set in stone.
Since, I cant order FFXI from amazon.
So many, many people who think that their particular education and personality makes them smarter.
So, that's one happy thing.
So, to keep the water warm there's a cover for the bath.
THUS, this chatterthingie!
That's pointless logic though because it's the type of thing that a person has to accept to believe and the people who would benefit from it the most are unacceptable to it.
That, and making one would be such a pain in the ass even if I DID know how.
Then I clicked on the birds and the bees story, which is what the link goes to directly.
Well... that would make   this   the good stuff, and I 'm not really sure I can assert that with any confidence.
Yes, it's yet another one of Jan's projects.
Yes, you can see how well THAT must be going, ne?
You hold a grudge like a brass ring.
Your self-opinion and mood depends greatly on those around you.
com account to leave messages and some of my fine viewers don't have said accounts.
com and Im waiting for my mom to mail it to me.
grrr Mood: callitive   I have decided that the friends that I made in Halifax are very troublesome.
i hope everyones holding up well.
just links, images and breaks.
mmm,  my parfait just came.
often think of the much worse things that some of you put up with, or had to deal with to get to where you are, or are worrying about for the future.
room that seems to involve boiling strawberries and it smells sooooo good!!
urlLink    I don't think he trusts that cat...  Now, aint that neat!?
urlLink I got to this page  because it was written on a buddys shirt in the Penny Arcade comic today.
ã‚ã‚“ã©ã†ãã›ã€€ãªã‚ã‚ï¼ I'm pretty much packed but I'm going to be living at my old apartment till the 1st so I'll be living outta a bag till Tuesday.
