"Hey, when's your next book coming out?
"Oh, I', gonna take a right on Vanderbilt.
(If you can make sense of that infinite loop of idiot logic, you win a cookie.
57 degrees and sunny outside.
AFTRA is totally behind the companies on this thing since our recording artist members are getting their work ripped off by the "free" dwonloading and there goes their ability to make $ to say nothing of their incentive to create the stuff to begin with.
Actually, the only problem Mr. Bloomberg might have as Mayor is that he can't blame the city's woes on anybody else.
After I scream 'Shut the hell up for a second!
Albeit, he often used it to put his foot in his mouth.
All hoping they're on the list.
And frankly, the fact that the administrators of a school get to censure what "their" community sees bothers me a little bit.
And when you forget that people don't want to be called at home do to some unplanned shopping for your unneeded products, at least have some pride in your rudeness and do it in person.
Apparently, Katy didn't even have the courtesy to piss me off in person.
Ask any person who owns a car here; It's not 'if' you get a ticket, it's 'when' and how 'often'.
Back on after the blackout.
Because even though they have the biggest salaries and it would actually save the most money, you need someone who can make the tough decisions about who to lay off.
Because for the significant fine of 55 dollars, I got a lesson in vigilance.
Does anybody realize that our electoral process in both the primary and November elections originates in this one snowmobile town?
During President Bush's speech on Monday night, he mispronounced "Abu Ghraib" three different times.
Franken's main point seems to be that hardcore conservatives purposely fudge facts and numbers to back up their assertion that liberals are ruining this country.
He is, after all, a businessman.
He then made a special trip across the street raise a pint or two.
How many other groups are gonna say they have a right to come into your home to sell you something?
I feel bad about the A-Rod deal, too, but think of it this way.
I find it funny that no one seems to notice this...or care.
I got an e-mail from a friend the other day responding to my entry on song downloading.
I hope Sesame Street can continue to produce the quality children's programming that they have for years, but I also know that the temptation to use the kids on the show as living mannequins will probably prove to be too much.
I just saw an article on the history channel about a company that is trying to produce private jets for public use.
I just thought up a cool game.
I love the look they get.
I may get fired from my job for screaming in the control room.
I mean your own personal jet.
I mean, either Samantha makes it or 'Sex' ends up being the saddest comedy ever.
I think they probably tune in to that 7% of media outlets that share their opinions.
I've only been here one night and the first thing I notice is that the people here are way too friendly.
If no one gets it right away, I'll post another quote from the same movie.
Imagine I am with a group of friends and I'm drinking a bottle of soda.
Is John Leo actually suggesting that just because you disagree with conservatives on issues like homosexuality that you  must  be liberal?
It give's me a sneaking suspicion that Mayor Mike Bloomberg might want to retract the statement he made a while ago, claiming that he will definitely be re-elected.
It's as if they're saying, "Okay, they can kick us out of the building but if we all stick together they won't be able to take our cigarettes from us until they pry them from our cold, dead, slightly yellow fingers."
It's this...Yes, there is a lot going on in this city to concern ourselves about.
It's unconstitutional to block somebody from calling you at home when you don't want to be disturbed?
Just because someone thought of a way to give this music away for free and that it existed that way for a good long while, does not make it a good thing or a thing that "the people" deserve.
Just under twenty blocks away.
Keep a letterbox next to your door.
Let's talk about the issues without judging people because of their stand on them.
Let's talk about the new RIAA threat to sue people who download large amounts of music.
Like a dog who hears something odd on the other side of the door.
Look how far they have come."
Mitch is the National Treasurer of American Federation of Television and Radio Artists.
My friend Sandy told me that he saw me on the show the other day.
Nevermind the fact that we as a group have been spoon-fed invented pop stars for the last decade and couldn't recognize real talent if it came right into our living room and sang "Lucky Star".
No, I can't go to another party!
People, Vanderbilt is a dead end road that runs the western side of Grand Central Station.
Perhaps if she could actually sing or still had a viable career, no one would care.
Ryan got on stage and jammed along with Mark Pender and the rest of the guys.
So, not much improvement at third.
So, tell me, what's the difference between selling your body and selling your intellectual integrity?
So... California has officially lost it's mind.
Steve and I backed up the show on cue cards.
The producers of "American Idol" have to worry about ratings and demographics so they can get picked up for the next season.
The reality is that most world religions are based on the same basic principles, there just may be different interpretations or representations.
Then he lifts the seat into a locked position, proceeds to open the door and then lower the lift to allow the person to wheel onto it.
Then he raises it, positions the wheelchair into the correct spot and remembers to buckle the person in.
They kept us pretty busy with changes all night.
To be honest, I'm not sure how I would react if the Mayor started making restrictions on some of my vice's.
What I mean is, they already have one of the best Shortstops in the league.
When I try to interrupt her to tell her my wife and I have not started to procreate yet and that's why I'm still able to be asleep on a Saturday morning, she doesn't stop.
When he wins after promising to put a cat in every pot, he is assassinated by his running mate-- Doctor Evil.
When local police showed up, he chased them onto the hood of a car.
Which, as far as ratings go, is excellent.
With John Leo its a big case of "Us against them!"
Wow, that means if you get caught letting your wife and/or girlfriend have a private little lap-snack, you could spend the rest of your life in prison giving some guy a toe-curler in the shower.
You can't sweep the MP3 revolution under the rug.
