FatDragon
|  

&#x200B;

Jesse somehow knew the lightning was going to strike, knew its purpose. Just a moment before it struck, she had felt something moving in the crowds, stretching and slithering, black and shapeless, like a convulsing shadow. It had reached for her, terrifying, almost sure to grasp her. Somehow, at the last moment, it hadn’t.

Then the lightning had struck, to take her somewhere else and save her from whatever that was.

Jesse had never been struck by lightning before, she thought dumbly. The terror and sheer panic she was still reeling from was replaced by a blue light and an electrifying pain, all the voices, sounds and thoughts exchanged for a monstrous boom. Every single one of her muscles contracted to their limits, followed by a moment of sheer bliss as her muscles simply stopped existing. She was nothing, nowhere, but moving at tremendous speed. Everything was dark, silent and somehow cold. Was she dead? She hoped her parents hadn’t just witnessed her death. A morbid thought, but it felt so distant, so detached.

The pain returned as each part of her body began making itself known to her once more, being pulled together, slowly slotting into place and resuming whatever function it had. Every single piece hurt as it clicked into position with sickening certainty, the process speeding up until eventually she was whole, like many pieces of a jigsaw coming together at the same time in perfect formation.

At just the moment she was one, she landed hard with a thud that forced the air out of her, restarting her breathing. She felt her heart beating heavily in her chest once more, and the blood rush through her with a jolt of warmth. Her whole body felt familiar, but different. Changed. The sword left her grasp and clattered loudly against stone before coming to a rest somewhere nearby.

The terror and panic returned but she simply didn’t have the energy to process them. Pain tore through her whole body in unrelenting waves. She tried to move her legs only to feel bolts of electric pain crash through them, even hearing the crackle of electricity as she shuddered. She began to open her eyes, but everything was a blur and her mind failed with the effort, closing them again.

She extended her other senses out around her in a desperate attempt to understand where she was. Between ragged breaths, she could hear a steady dripping of water nearby, sounds of a stream lapping softly against something. The ground around her smelt wet and of earth, a stale, dusty scent hanging heavy in the air. Her ears strained to hear more, but there was nothing.

She opened her mouth to try and speak, only to have lumps of soil enter her throat and choke her, setting off a fit of coughing that almost made her pass out.

“Excalibur my old friend, you do like them young don’t you?”, an old man’s voice broke the silence, the same she had heard before the lightning. Shock rushed through her and she tried once again to open her eyes, managing to distinguish a large blur that was moving very slowly towards her.

As he neared, she could smell him, musty, old and decaying.

“Let me get a closer look at you, child” the man said as he loomed over her. Several moments passed.

“I’ve never seen anything like it…..the armour of Excalibur…how in the world..”, the man’s gaze travelled to her chest.

“…and a Queen no less…..most interesting…..times must be changing…”. A long awkward silence extended, and even in her weakened state, Jesse felt embarrassed.

The man cleared his throat and put an old wrinkled hand that was cold to the touch onto Jesse’s forehead. She tried to pull away, but the touch was suddenly warm and soothing. A wave of relief spread from her head down her body, growing stronger each moment the hand remained.

“Rest my child. If you survive until morning, then we both may live. I’ve waited for over 1000 years in this tomb for you Jesse, let’s hope I can wait one more night”.

As the man placed another hand onto her, an angry roar echoed nearby. The worry this caused, or the alarm at how the man could know her name, didn’t register to Jesse. The feeling of warmth and healing from the old mans hands carried her blissfully into unconsciousness.

&#x200B;

  ||

&#x200B;

The anciently old man woke with a start, uttering a small word of nonsense as he did. His head tilted down as he almost returned to sleep, his body and mind exhausted, but his eyes shot open wide.  In his lap, a young girls head rested, her dark brown hair highlighted with tufts of blonde, spread over his lap as she slept. For a moment, he was confused, staring blankly. A glint of metal caught his eye and he saw the sword, shining brightly in the dimly lit tomb. Suddenly, it all came back to him. Excalibur! The girl is Jesse, that’s Excalibur…and I’m Merlin.

Merlin closed his eyes to collect his thoughts, repeating the statement over in his head, his mind coming back to him slowly with each repetition. He’d exerted himself too much in bringing her here and healing her despite his own weakened state. He hadn’t anticipated this, hadn’t seen it. Why had the teleportation and melding with Excalibur damaged her this much? Was he to blame? At the limits of his power, or his control of it, things tended to be less certain and infinitely more dangerous. Demonic, even. The thought made his mind cast back to a time long past, his eyes staring sadly into the distance. He shook his head and forced the painful memory away. No, this time wasn’t the same, he knew he hadn’t lost control, and he simply didn’t have the power left to do so.

Saving the last of his magic for that spell had not been easy, balancing it with just the right amount to ensure he stayed alive long enough to cast it. Just enough to keep his mind sane. He wasn’t sure it had been enough.

She was beautiful to him, and so young, so fragile. Her petite, innocent features contrasted with the powerful, imposing armour that still covered most of her body. Intricate patterns played over its surface that shone when angled in the light, almost glowing and alive, matching something in Jesse herself as she breathed. The rise and fall of her chest was rhythmic and steady now at least. She would live, although  a little worse for wear. Mud and dirt still clung to her in various places, her hands showing slight burn marks where they had held Excalibur.

She was destined for great things he knew, with a feeling rather than any clear insight. He would help her, even if it meant his death. She was his only hope at redemption, to atone for his past sins. She was also his only chance at regaining his freedom.

He had peered slightly into her mind during the healing, almost accidentally. It had been as damaged as her body, a disarray of thoughts and feelings, lost. Almost as if something was missing. He had been afforded a small glimpse into who she was, and enough into her life that he understood the world was now a very different place. A more dangerous place, where the forces of magic were no longer to be feared.

He relaxed for a moment, and again the irresistible pull of sleep came over him. He was so tired.

“You are no good to me dead, old man”, a metallic but familiar voice echoed in his mind. He knew the voice well. He smiled, tears threatening to form in the wake of the emotion that ran through him. He turned his head to where Excalibur lay, the sword shimmering softly.

“Focus, Merlin. It is not sleep that lures you, but death” the glow intensified when it spoke to his mind.

Excalibur, the living weapon, born in the forges of Avalon through forces not of this world. It retained an echo of King Arthur himself, it’s last master, a shard of his soul added to the swords own, enhanced by the years spent learning from him and absorbing his knowledge. It was not Arthur, but the similarity was disturbingly real for Merlin.

“I am awake, Excalibur. I will not die just yet”

“You cannot access your power in this…tomb” Excalibur observed, “without it, death will swiftly take you”

“You are partly correct. I cannot access my power , but the same is not true for you and the girl”

“..and the one  that guards over this place”, Excalibur observed.

The roaring that had been booming down through the tomb since Jesse arrived had ceased, but Merlin knew that it would be waiting for them. It had been trapped guarding the tomb for as long as Merlin had been inside it, although Merlin had never seen it himself, didn’t know what kind of creature it was. Sometimes he had thought he heard the beast talking in a strange language, but put it down to being a figment of his imagination.

“Yes, my beloved Nimue did always like to have a plan-b, but then ….” he rose slowly and placed Jesse’s head gently onto the earth, taking care not to wake her. His bones ached as he hobbled over to where Excalibur lay. Bending down with careful refrain, he grabbed the swords hilt and lifted it off the ground.

“…so did I” he grunted, smiling as he stared intently into the blade, his old, wrinkly and bearded reflection staring back. He thought for a moment of Nimue, his lady of the lake, his one and only love. How dearly he missed her, his love still strong despite the passage of time and her entombment of him. It had been deserved. He caught his breath before he spoke again.

“Excalibur, lend me your power,  so that I may connect with mine”

Without a word, Merlin felt the warm glow of Excalibur’s power reaching into him, he embraced it and opened his mind outwards, closing his eyes and exhaling a long, deep breath.

Excalibur’s power was like a golden doorway standing before Merlin, shining and bright, offering passage to connect with the world outside of his prison, enticing him. He hesitated. It had been centuries since he had experienced such power like that which Excalibur offered. Would he be able to control himself? Would he be overwhelmed? He readied himself and pushed forward with the last bit of power he had. It was all or nothing.

Sheer ecstasy enveloped Merlin’s mind as he thrust the door open, like a cool breeze of fresh air rushing through an arid desert. He reached cautiously past the confines of his tomb, and then exploded outwards with a sense of freedom and rush of power so intense he almost lost himself. It had been so long! His mind danced joyously. Like a caged animal released into the wild he was now free and running in the forest of life, breathing in the cosmic air in deep breaths and stretching the deepest parts of himself he hadn’t used in what felt like forever.

He was swimming the currents of the world, feeling the flow and balance of the eternal force and deeply rooting himself in it’s power, pooling it within. The power coursed through his veins and spread through his mortal body. He could feel the rejuvenation of each cell as they spluttered and then roared like an old engine brought back to life.

As he centred his mind in this place, he noticed it. A great imbalance coupled with a weight of uncertainty he could sense in the flow. A current of desperately needed change and anxiety against an unbelievable force of evil, one of many forms. The world had changed, and it was a dark and dangerous place, but so… connected. He could feel flowing forces of raw, pulsing energy being routed all over the planet’s surface, connecting together in a web of light.

He forced his attention back to his body before he went too far. Excalibur’s power was amplifying his too greatly, and as it grew, so did the risk of losing himself completely.

As he pulled back, he became astutely aware of how far he had been cast in his banishment. He was a world away from the lands he once knew, just as Nimue had promised.

He closed the door and returned fully to his body.

“That is enough, Excalibur” he said quietly. He felt the power retreating down his arms and back into the blade. It was done.

As he opened his eyes, the reflection staring back at him in the blade was no longer old. A young man stared back, skin free from the evidence of age. His body too, had been restored, Excalibur becoming light in his strong grip. Thoughts were coming quickly with crystal clear clarity, no longer requiring a tiring focus to achieve. He breathed in deeply to take in the myriad of sensations he was experiencing and let them settle. He felt amazing, his body surging with power.

His hair still shone a silvery white, the only part of him that hadn’t changed, but that was fine. He liked his hair.

“Now you are safe, Merlin, there is something  pressing that we need to discuss” Excalibur said, startling Merlin away from his self-appraisal.

“Yes, of course, Excalibur” Merlin replied, dusting himself off and patting his muscles appreciatively.

“This girl and I, for a reason unbeknownst to me, came together with a force so powerful that it almost killed her, and, I fear, has damaged me”

“But she survived, Excalibur. She is safe now”

“No, Merlin, she is not. After the meld completed and you brought us here, I felt it.  A vital part of me , lost or destroyed, I do not know which. My power will soon begin to fade, slow but inevitable. How long it will take, I do not know. If her will is strong, she may last months, years, I cannot be sure…but it will fail, and when it does, the girl and I will perish”

“Perhaps a spell , or my magic…” Merlin’s voice trailed off, pleading.

“ I have seen first-hand the effects of your power when pushed too far. It cannot be risked” Excalibur paused, and Merlin’s head dropped to face the floor, shame consuming him.

“The girl and I must merge together with another living weapon, as powerful as I, absorbing it in place of the missing piece”

“Excalibur…does such a weapon even exist? What if the other weapon prevails?”

“Then I will become part of the other weapon, the girl will die, and a weapon more powerful than any before it will be born to be wielded by its master”

“There must be another way!” Merlin exclaimed.

“There is only one way that will slow the inevitable, Merlin. Conserving the use of my power, keeping Jesse strong…and the blood of our enemies, in a constant and steady rain”

Merlin's eyes narrowed at the comment. He would never have expected those words to be uttered by Excalibur, no matter how grave the circumstance. Was it the missing piece, or something else? They had to fix him, and soon. His eyes passed back over to Jesse. Her, too.

&#x200B;

 || 

&#x200B;

“I was born in the town of Carmarthen, Wales, around 1800 years ago” Merlin stated, slowly, watching Jesse. She seemed better now, more collected and was listening intently. She did not baulk at his age, merely nodded, her eyes still red from the tears. Merlin felt apprehensive, but knew he had to tell her as much as he could, despite how he felt or how she may react.

“I was a bastard, my Father unknown to me, my mother a Nun. I was very young, too young to fully remember when, but I started developing strange and uncontrollable powers. People began to fear me. I would tell them of things to come, things I couldn’t possibly know. Sadly, the strongest visions were always the ones that shouldn’t be told; how people would arrive at a great misfortune, or how they would die. I did not enjoy these visions, but I could not contain them.

The towns people shunned me painfully when the visions came true, and the situation became grave when the first few people began to die as I had foretold. They blamed me for it. I was no older than 6 at the time, Jesse, can you imagine? I was hated by all and all I had in the world was the love of my Mother, and I loved her so dearly”. It had been such a long time since he had thought about his Mother like this, Merlin realised. So long since he’d revisited this pain. Tears threatened to fall, her face vivid in his mind. He had to keep himself together.

“Love blinds Jesse, it blinds us all. Countless visions of others I hadn’t a care in the world about, but I couldn’t see what was happening right in front of me. Only the day before it would happen did I see it. The townspeople were to come for me, to burn me at the stake like a witch. My mother would resist violently, and she too would be burned. I ran to her and told all, declaring I would leave early in the morn before they came, to save her. My Mother, stubborn as she was, refused to listen, said she would rather die than abandon me…” He almost choked on the words as they poured forth.

“I lied to her… told her that if she followed I would surely perish, but if I went alone, I would survive, that I could see it. I will never forget how she cried as she accepted it, how I heard her wailing as I had walked away”

Merlin had to pause for a moment to steel himself from a crashing wall of emotion that was enveloping him. He breathed deeply before continuing.

“Before I left, she told me the truth. My Father had been a powerful demon who, in a flight of fancy, had taken it upon himself to woo a Nun, my Mother. It was a game to him at first, but soon he found himself madly in love, the pure and innocent beauty of my mother winning over his blackened heart. The forces that controlled him however, forbade any such relationship. He had been forced to leave, unknowing that they had conceived what was thought impossible. Me”

Jesse’s were wide and intensely staring at him, Merlin noticed. He understood her feelings, it was all so much, so strange, but this was who he was.

“I left, never to return..” Dark images swirled violent in his mind, and it took a moment to push them away and collect himself. It was a lie, but If she knew the truth she would think him more a monster than man. Even he didn’t know all that had happened that fateful day. He quickly moved on.

“For decades I searched for my Father, my powers and influence growing as I travelled, but I never aged, my magic providing me with youth. The quest was in vain however, and with grave sorrow, I gave up. In its place, I ventured on a journey of knowledge and understanding, studying whatever I could, taking various masters in a variety of arts, quickly consuming anything they had to offer”

“It was around this time that I first had visions of Arthur, a young and noble king who would rise to bring all of the land together in peace, with myself guiding him along the path. The visions however, were fraught with danger, as if the gods of fate themselves conspired to do everything in their power to prevent Arthur's rise”. Again, Merlin paused, wondering as he had so many times before, if this had been for a reason…

“I began concocting a plan to rescue him, to nourish and educate him despite all the challenges, to go against fate and ensure England had the King it so sorely needed. It would give my life meaning, prove my worth despite my blood. I feel as if you may know most of this part” he ventured, looking quizzically at Jesse.

She nodded, “I don’t know why I can remember this so clearly, but I know. You put Arthur in the care of a Knight, his Father King Uther died, and England didn’t have a King. You taught him as he grew, and then he took Excalibur from the stone and became King” she said, stopping between the words, trying to be sure of them as she went.

It was a very simple and concise summary, and mostly correct. It would do, Merlin thought. He wondered for a moment if Jesse was pulling memories from her own, or that of the sword and it’s past masters.

“Very good, Jesse. After Arthur became King he slew many great evils, both man and monster. He united the kingdom and created a true force for good with his round table, a collection of his best knights and minds. He was the greatest king that ever was, his iron will and intelligence overcoming any challenge. It was exactly as I had seen”

He stopped for a moment to think about how to approach the next part of his story, the most difficult, the hardest for both him to tell and the most important if Jesse was to trust him.

“But his downfall was to come not from his worst enemies, but his closest allies”

“One of Arthur’s most faithful and trusted Knights, one of his closest friends, Sir Lancelot, fell deeply in love with Arthur's own wife Guinevere, who reciprocated in kind. When Arthur discovered their betrayal, he was beside himself with grief, for he loved them both dearly. At the time the only acceptable fate for such an offence was death, and he had no choice but to make the order”

“Sir Lancelot and Guinevere fled to France along with half of Arthur’s round, for Lancelot carried great respect and admiration among them. He gathered his forces there and waited for his friend to come. For the first time, Arthur was beside himself with rage. He chased Lancelot through half of France, but he was illusive, the confrontations few. The conflict dragged on and the years passed by. Meanwhile, in England, Arthur’s own nephew Mordred, who Arthur saw as a son, conspired to seize the throne, and succeeded”

“Arthur returned immediately, but he wasn’t the same. He saw deceit and betrayal everywhere, demanding more and more of his most loyal members of the round. Everyone seemed to believe that once he had defeated Mordred, he would return to his old self, I wished so dearly for it”

“Alas, at the battle of Camlann, as he struck the mortal blow to Mordred, he in turn received a blow to his head that did not kill him, but left him for all purposes, dead.  A spiritless shell of a man”

“As the sorceress of Avalon took him away, I was begotten with grief. He was everything to me, and now he was gone. I blamed myself, my power. Why hadn’t I seen it?”

Merlin hadn’t been paying attention to Jesse as he had been talking, getting caught up in the memories himself. She was still listening eagerly, waiting for him to continue.

“I went to Avalon to see him, to see if I could somehow help. But it was futile, he was too far gone, his soul seemingly long departed…” Merlin stopped, trying to find the best way to convey why he had made the choices he had.

“I couldn’t bring myself to let him go. I just couldn’t. In my despair I channelled more power than I ever had before, felt the demonic side raging within me, battling with the light, and somehow, I did it…Arthur came back, and I was overcome with joy…but it was to be short-lived”

“He was like a slowly fading echo of the King he had once been, a mere shadow of a great man. No longer did he care for his people, his country, his round or for the greater good. He saw the worst in everyone, saw threats at every turn. I foolishly blamed it on the terrible hardships that had befallen him, caused by those closest to his heart”

“It was around this time that Galahad, son of Lancelot in blood but not of heart, returned from his quest for the grail. He was the finest knight of the round, one of the most dedicated to Arthur, and one of the purest. He saw Arthur as the father figure Lancelot had failed to be, worshipped him. The coldness Arthur bestowed upon him on his return shocked him so greatly that he left Camelot without a word. This was the first warning sign that I could not ignore”

“Nimue, the lady of the lake, a ward of the sword and the only woman that has ever accepted my love, gave me my second. She warned that I was in denial to what was happening, stressed that Arthur was fast becoming a monster no one would be able to control. I told her to trust me, that Arthur would once again become the King he once was, that I would ensure it”

“Arthur had other plans, however. He created a small force of the finest warriors and mages from those undoubted in their loyalty to him, and with them, began a campaign of death and destruction against all he saw as his enemies and their allies, sparing none. The things he did, to innocent men, women and children, were both unspeakable and unforgivable. Entire lineages were erased from existence. Whole villages and towns, gone. The country descended into chaos, no one could stop him. Even Excalibur couldn’t curb Arthur’s thirst for revenge, and with it in Arthur’s control, he was unstoppable”

“During the massacre a nephew close and dear to Nimue was slain. She raged against me, bemoaning my lack of action when she had warned me of what would happen. She went to confront Arthur, and I rushed to protect her”

“We found Arthur in a church, the only building left standing in what had once been a small town. As fire raged and the bodies of what seemed like every living creature that once called the place home burned, Arthur stood peaceful, staring up at the cross”

“Nimue descended upon him with a fury I had never seen to her. Partly out of habit, party out of fear she would lose, I shielded Arthur from her attacks and pushed her back, trying to control them both. Her hate began to focus on myself as much as Arthur”

“Arthur just smiled as she accused us of playing god with fate, of Arthur being the devil himself. She believed both of us equal in blame for what had happened, and that she couldn’t abide it any longer. She said she would banish us both to the far ends of the world, as far apart from one another as the world and her power allowed, where we would die, entombed forever with no escape, for this was the only way to ensure the world would be safe from our evil and meddling ways. As I reached out my hand to her, to make her see through her rage, everything went dark and I found myself here”

He again came and knelt before Jesse, taking her hand. She flinched as he did, perhaps now wearier of him, “Jesse you have to believe that my intentions have always been pure, that I only wanted the best for the country, to bring peace to all. I have had a long time here to consider my sins and mistakes, and know that I will never repeat them, but you Jesse, you are my chance at redemption. Together, we can achieve great things for the good of all, right the wrongs of the past…”

As Jesse stared deep into his eyes, Merlin himself felt unsure, as if perhaps he hadn’t atoned for his sins yet, as if Nimue had been right, he should have died here. But no, he had to believe.

“I honestly don’t know what to say…but I will trust you Merlin…I have no choice” Jesse said, looking away. The silence stretched.

Merlin breathed a sigh of relief. It wasn’t the answer he’d hoped for, but it wasn’t the worst, either. It would do.

&#x200B;

||

&#x200B;

&#x200B;

Jesse's memories were a mess.

Heavy droplets of water dripping onto her face from the tangled roots above had woken her from her dreams, bringing her back to the strange cavern in which she lay. Confused and scared, she had been trying to piece together the fragments of moments and images floating in her head.  She knew that she had been dying here, had felt herself letting go before a healing warmth had washed over her and pulled her back. Trying desperately, she had managed to remember some of what had happened before then, and bits of things since arriving into this place.

Nothing else came to her. It was as if her past before that was just…gone. Alarmed, she tried to remember simple things, things about herself. She knew who she was, she knew where she was from. She knew she had parents…but It was as if all detail had been lost. Sealed away. She couldn’t see faces, couldn’t remember names. Everything seemed blurred and beyond her reach.  Strange scenes she couldn’t explain and faces she didn’t know began swarming in her mind, blocking her path. She kept trying until an aching pain began throbbing in her head, as if it was a warning bidding her to stop.

The pain pushed her back, forcing her to instead focus on what she did know.  She breathed deeply to calm herself before concentrating her thoughts on the moment.  When she had arrived she was sure she had been wearing some kind of armour, but in peering down to her body all she could see were tattered clothes. Had she imagined it? Burn marks, ragged-rips and deep red stains told her the injuries had been real, but no pain met her small tentative movements, or her now easy breaths. As she wiggled and tensed through each part to check she noted how different they seemed: longer, more toned, more muscular. Even her chest seemed to have expanded a size or two judging by how it looked in her embarrassingly damaged and newly tight t-shirt. Her torn blue jeans now hung short of her  ankles, but luckily her feet didn’t seem to be popping through her shoes.  She’d always been a short and petite girl, now however,  her body seemed to be more like a heavily trained athlete’s than her own. In any other situation she would be happy with the changes. Despite the positives, it scared her more than anything.

Another positive was that during however long she had been unconscious, nothing worse had happened. She had been on the brink of death she was sure, and somehow she had become better. More than better in fact, save the strange amnesia.  How had she healed so quickly? Was it the old man? The thought helped steady her mind and calm her further. She might be safe for now, but she wasn’t going to let her guard down.

Gathering her courage, she took a deep breath and slowly pulled herself up to a sitting position, using the slick roots on the wall beside her. As she did, the roots seemed to pull back and move, startling her. She let go, and they stopped moving. Maybe that was normal for roots? She didn’t know, but where she had held seemed to knot and twist together thicker than they had before. Shuffling slightly away from the wall, she shot a quick and fearful glance through the dimly lit cavern. At the far side, maybe 10 metres away, the old man lay. His chest had the steady rise and fall of someone sleeping, and his head was turned away, a mess of silver hair covering his features. His long robes were tied around him, concealing his body. Jesse relaxed slightly and let herself breathe while peering around anxiously. Placed along the perimeter and along the ceiling of the cavern were strange glowing orbs of blue that afforded the space a dim light. Two paths trailed off from the main area, one leading up, and one leading down. From the latter came watery sounds along with a reflection of patterns playing across the ceiling.

Near where the man lay, a chair made from roots sat upon a rocky outcropping. Beyond it, the girl spotted the sword, laying on the ground.

She was surprised to see it just laying there, but at least it confirmed one more thing that was real in what she remembered. Seeing the sleeping man and the sword within her reach suddenly filled her with hope. Slowly, she rose up, more than slightly unbalanced while she carefully tip-toed her way across the soft ground, her eyes trained on the man. She timed her movements with his breathing until she reached the stony ground. Having to turn her back to the old man, she stretched across the stone and grabbed the sword. Quickly she pulled it close to her and spun around, ready for an attack. To her enormous relief however, none materialised, the man still sleeping as soundly as before. She fell back into the chair, feeling slightly more secure with the sword in her hands, and let out a deep breath. It was stupid to have thought the old man could possibly have moved as fast as her imagination had threatened, but now what? Should she wake and threaten the man, or try to sneak off?  Could she trust him?

For now, she just stared at the sword silently, surprised at how light it felt in her grip. Holding it, she seemed to feel more confident in herself, more secure and less anxious. As she read the letters leading down the blade spelling out it's name, “Excalibur”, memories flooded into her mind of the legend. Grand stories, tales of glory, the fabled sword of King Arthur. It had raised him to the throne of England as the rightful heir he was. A sword of Kings, no less. She somehow knew her father had told her the tales, but again she couldn’t remember anything about him, or any images relating to the cold, lifeless fact. It didn’t stir any emotion at all.

If the sword and legend were real, why had it been found in America, as king-less a land as you could possibly get? Why had it chosen a girl? Why her? Even if it had chosen a kingly looking boy in England, what good could a sword do in modern times? They couldn’t just make someone king and let them gallivant around with a sword. Even Kings had no real power these days, anyway.  Jesse couldn’t help but smile at the thought. It just didn’t make any sense. It was crazy. She imagined herself being a Queen and wondered what people might think. For a moment she felt thankful she couldn’t remember her friends and family; what would they all be saying about her now? Would they be searching for her? Would they think her dead?

Jesse had no idea where she was, aside from knowing that she appeared to be in some kind of cave, deep under the roots of a presumably huge tree. It must be something to do with this man, she thought, his home maybe, if you could call it that. What was his connection to Excalibur? She remembered that she had heard the sword and man speaking before, but again she couldn’t recollect what they had said. Also, if that had been the case, why wasn’t the sword speaking now? As she thought this, the sword suddenly glowed and vibrated in her hands, surprising Jesse so much that she fumbled and dropped it. The sword clanged loudly on the stone as Jesse froze and slowly moved her eyes to where the man lay, holding her breath.

The old man grunted, shuffled in his robes, and carried on sleeping. Still holding her breath, Jesse cautiously bent to lift the sword, picking it up while quietly retreating a few steps back. As she did, the thought struck her. In the legend of King Arthur, if some old man in robes and silvery white hair appeared, there was only one person he could be.

Merlin. It was nearly always Merlin. A wizard.

Surely though, he would be dead by now, and if he was a wizard, why would he be here? She wasn’t even sure when the stories were meant to have happened, except that it was a very long time ago. Who pays attention to facts in a fairy tale? She felt silly for even considering it. No, this must be someone else. Despite everything that had happened, she couldn’t allow herself to be caught up in fantasy. She had more pressing things to worry about, like getting out of this place, finding safety and getting some kind of help.

The sword vibrated strongly again, but this time she held fast. A feeling of trust and love came powerfully through the sword, connecting with her. It seemed to be telling her to trust the old man, with images coming into her mind of the man caring for her while she was hurt. He was a friend, it seemed to say. Jesse was taken aback with the sudden show of power from the sword. More than that, she was shocked at how easily it could manipulate her emotions and reach into her. She felt confused, scared that it might all be a trick. She pushed the feelings away and felt the sword’s power sharply retreat. This was no normal sword, she knew, but that didn’t mean she would blindly trust it or let it control her.

As she backed away further, the sound of water once again came to her attention, and with it, the realisation that she was deathly thirsty.

She followed the tunnel down to a small pool, lighted by two orbs in its shallows. It was clear enough that her thirst won over any doubts of it being safe, and placing the sword beside her, drank heavily. Taking her fill, she then splashed the water over her face and hair, washing away the mud and muck that had gathered there. As she finished, she caught her reflection in the pool as the rippling settled. In her hair she could see bits of blonde streaking through, and she couldn’t be sure because of the low blue light, but she thought her eyes looked very blue themselves, rather than the brown they had been. She shrugged, deciding to set aside full checks of herself for later, once she was safe. Grabbing the sword, she strode back upwards, feeling more confident in herself and much more alive.

When she rose back up into the main chamber, the old man still had not moved. Perhaps it was his age she thought as she ignored him and hurried forward.  Only one more option remained to explore; the tunnel leading up. Please be the way out, she hoped.

The tunnel was twice as wide and tall as the other, roots entwining around it in a circular fashion, even under her feet, causing her to step between them carefully. After a few moments and turns, she reached a point where thick black roots blocked the way, crisscrossing together in a strange pattern that didn’t seem natural. What felt like static seemed to buzz around it, pushing a gentle force back towards her like strongly opposing magnets.  As she drew nearer, the force became stronger, so strong that she couldn’t move any further. She raised Excalibur instinctively and pointed it forward, allowing her to push through the thick field. When she was close enough, she raised the sword, and with one swipe tore straight down the centre of the entangled mass. The thick roots split apart, violently whipping and snapping back into the tunnel's walls, blue electric fizzing and cracking as they did. The pressure in the tunnel abruptly changed, a rush of cool air breezing past her before settling back into stilled silence. She ventured slowly forward, placing one foot cautiously over the threshold where the roots had been. As soon as her foot landed a sudden snort echoed down the tunnel.  Heavy footsteps, grunting, the sound of metal against metal, clinking and chiming, all grew in volume. Suddenly a roar broke out directly around the next bend in the tunnel and from it emerged a huge beast, breathing heavily and running towards her. Jesse stood frozen as it neared. Its face was human, but its skin from the neck below was covered with thick, black feathers that shined and glistened, tightly pressed against him. His thick and exposed arms that rippled with muscle were also completely covered by the feathers, almost gorilla in appearance. His black hands with long black nails seemed closer to claws than hands  as they clasped around an unbelievably huge sword, almost as big as Jesse. His eyes were pure darkness, no white to be seen, matching his black hair that stuck out sharply and had the same texture as the feathers on his body. His teeth, black and sharp, dripped with saliva as his mouth opened wide with his roar. He was dressed in dark grey leather clasped in metal straps around the shoulder and mid-section. It seemed familiar to Jesse, but she couldn’t quite place it. Large characters of some sort spread across the chest. As he was almost upon her, he jumped, flying through the air while swinging his monstrous sword in a huge arc. It cut through the air, coming directly for Jesse’s head.

As the sword came down, Jesse couldn’t move. She merely watched terrified as Excalibur rose and in the same motion armour forcefully exploded out around her in a burst of gold and silver, covering her entire body in a moment, even her head and hands, but somehow allowing her to see clearly straight through.  She braced for impact, but instead felt a whoosh of air around her as the tunnel glowed blue. A blue wave shot out toward the beast from all around her. It seemed like a mixture of water, flame and electric, and Jesse watched as it formed a barrier between them, swirling in gushing circles. The beast’s sword smashed heavily against it, creating a huge crash and shock wave that knocked both Jesse and the beast back.

She landed heavily at the feet of a man whose hands were smoking blue as he lowered them. He had the same silver hair, was wearing the same robes, and even smelt the same as the old man…but he was young, handsome and muscular. He looked down at her and grinned.

“I see you’ve met my lovely ward, and destroyed the gate trapping me here and him there! Great work! You don’t wait around, do you?  Don’t worry though, this temporary measure should last a while….”, he didn’t look sure as he nervously watched the beast continue to pummel away heavily at the barrier. He spoke so casually and cheerfully it struck a stark contrast to the situation they were in.

He cleared this throat and continued, “...I hope… Allow me to introduce myself, I’m...”

“Merlin…” Jesse interrupted, unable to say anything else, the words spilling from her mouth. He had just saved her life, and maybe not for the first time. Jesse’s mind tried to explain it all but couldn’t. Fantasy or not, this was real.

Merlin looked at her, seemingly confused for a second before smiling widely and continuing, “Why, yes! I see my reputation precedes me!”

&#x200B;

 |&#x200B;

Jesse held tightly to Excalibur as she rose from the ground, never taking her eyes from Merlin. Maybe he had just saved her, perhaps it had been the second time, but still she was not ready to fully trust him. The loud crashes coming from the barrier did not help ease her concerns, either. He was obviously powerful, and Jesse, despite holding Excalibur, did not feel powerful at all.

“My Queen” he began, motioning his hand back towards the main chamber, seemingly ignoring the fact that she still held the sword pointed in his direction, “the barrier will hold for a time, and before it breaks there are things we must discuss, preparations we must undertake. I imagine you have many questions to ask of me, and I will try my best to explain all”. He sounded so very British, so polite.

Before Jesse could answer he began scrambling back down the tunnel, forcing Jesse to follow quickly after, lest she be left alone with that monster.

As they entered the main room Merlin gestured for her to sit in the throne-shaped seat of roots. She took the seat, resting Excalibur across her lap in a way that allowed her to keep hold of it, prepared.

“Erm, where to start , where to start. Well, urm, my Queen” Merlin flashed her a nervous look.

“Don’t call me that” Jesse said flatly, “My name is Jesse, and I’m not a Queen”. Jesse felt no need for niceties, she just wanted answers. The idea of royal titles just made her feel sick at this point.

“Right, of course, of course, my apologies. Well then, Jesse. Let’s start with what happened to you over the past couple of days, starting with the sword”

“Couple of days?” Jesse said, surprised. “I’ve been here two days?”

“Yes. You see when you arrived here, you were dying. Well, we were both dying, actually”

Jesse’s confused face told Merlin all he needed to know. She went to speak, but Merlin interrupted.

“Please Jesse, let me start from the beginning and listen…but first, I need to know what year it is”

Jesse needed answers, and she didn’t want to give too much away about herself, so it suited her to let him talk. “2019” she replied curtly.

“Good heavens” he said, almost to himself, looking away while clutching his chin with his hand. “It’s been longer than I thought! Anyway, let me begin” he said, as he dismissed his shock as quickly as it had come over him. He began talking, striding to and fro, gesturing wildly.

“Firstly, let me explain about the sword, Excalibur. It is a living weapon Jesse, alive. It has a soul, as well as fragments of other’s that have possessed it. It learns, adapts and adds to its power constantly. The form it takes resembles the one it both prefers and believes is most effective. It can change, evolve and so is much more than a sword or mere weapon. It can communicate, although for reasons I will explain, it cannot currently”, he cast his eyes away from her as he spoke the last sentence.

Jesse had been right, she had heard it speaking after all. She stayed quiet.

“It was cast in the forges of Avalon, by a master swordsmith able to channel energies and powers not of this world. It had a different form back then, and had several masters before it came to Arthur, although never one as powerful as he”

Merlin paused for a moment, as if unsure how to proceed. After a moment, he continued.

“Excalibur chose you to be its next Master, Jesse. Excalibur does not choose Kings, it does not choose Queens. It simply chooses someone it believes can help it achieve it’s form of justice, to help balance the scales of good and evil. Someone who can garner power and people in a way to effect change, for the good of all. In the day of Arthur, of which you seem very much aware, this meant using Arthur’s ties to the throne as a way to control and gather power” he paused to ensure she was following. Jesse nodded and he continued.

“More important however, is compatibility, someone who can handle the transformation and power it brings” he studied her closely, while he drew out the last word, looking over her body.

So that is what happened to me, Jesse thought. She nodded for him to continue, wanting to hear more before asking any questions. Speaking would only reveal how little she knew, or how scared she really was.

“In order to accommodate the higher power Excalibur channels, the vessel’s body must adapt or die. It must become stronger to survive. You may have noticed these changes already. I certainly have while watching you”

“Now for you specifically, somehow you melded with Excalibur in a way I have never seen. The armour that manifested, the scale of changes in your appearance, these can only mean that you and Excalibur are extremely compatible, so much so that you are basically one and the same”

Jesse’s eyebrows raised, but she stayed quiet. Inside, her emotions were in turmoil. One and the same?

“Now, where do I come into all this? Well, you see, I was sort of, how do I say, ‘entombed’ here over 1400 years ago by a very angry person…we won’t go into that detail yet. Until you and Excalibur arrived I had no access to my powers, and thus had to scurry away what little I had left in preparation for this. You see, one of my more potent powers is foretelling the future, Jesse. It’s not as simple as it sounds, but I knew this day would come. I kept what power I had left to survive to this day, and to bring you here once Excalibur had chosen you. Once you had arrived, you were dying, and I was forced to go to the very limits of what I had left to save you, before using Excalibur to help access my powers and heal myself. We very nearly both died. You slept for 2 straight days”

But why? Jesse thought. Why was he helping her? He must have a deeper reason. She stayed quiet, but knew he was holding something back. She didn’t believe it could just be for a greater good.

“Now, although you and I are fully healed” he paused again, as if waiting for her to comment.

“Excalibur has a few lasting effects that mean he must preserve his power, hence limiting his ability to communicate, although this should remedy itself given time…” he trailed off again in that suspicious habit he seemed to be forming.

“..but I can guide you on your path to doing that. I am here to help you Jesse, trust me”

The last words hung in the air and formed an awkward atmosphere that seemed to linger between them. Jesse did not trust him, how could she, and why? He was obviously holding information back, that much was clear. Jesse needed to hear more, much more. Before she could speak however, he pushed on.

“But, first things first. You have already broken the seal on this tomb binding me here, and you may have noticed the beast back there. He’s been guarding this place for as long as I’ve been here. We must defeat him to leave, and by we, I kind of, er, mean you, Jesse”

Jesse could not help herself now, she had to speak. No way in hell was she fighting that thing.

“Why me? I have seen your magic, surely you can beat him? There is no way I can fight that thing!” the panic was obvious in her voice, the rampaging fear inside her growing, destroying her earlier calm. Her mind raced.

“Well, you see, my powers have always been somewhat unpredictable when pushed to their limits, Jesse, and I have never been one for direct confrontation because of it. Foretelling the future, planning, healing, teleporting, building contraptions; much more my thing. Furthermore, I have only just gained my powers back, and to be honest I was quite surprised I even managed to create that barrier that saved us. Nothing seems to be working right. Maybe it’s this place.  I had actually been standing behind you for much longer than you realised, trying and failing hopelessly until the very last moment to conjure something up, and was just surprised as you when it happened”

He smiled weakly as he said it, obviously embarrassed. Jesse didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. She didn’t know what to say. They were going to die in this place before she fought that thing…or die when the barrier failed, whichever happened first.

“So you only need me to break out of this place” she said slowly, probing into his real motives, trying to hide her feelings.

“I made a promise to Arthur before he died to always serve the sword, to help those who came into its possession. To guide them on the good path, to ensure they stayed true” His eyes again cast downward, a sad expression playing upon his face, before he started once more. It was just an expression, but it sparked such doubt in Jesse that it almost angered her.

“I have stayed alive, for you, Jesse. I saw this day 1400 years ago, knowing the time would come where you would need me as much as I need you. Without my help, you would already be dead, and without yours, so would I”. He let the words hang in the air a moment, looking directly into Jesse’s eyes. She knew it was true, he had saved her.

“But if Excalibur was to fall into the wrong hands, if its will was to be mastered by evil, it would unleash an untold hell upon this world. That cannot be allowed to happen. I must ensure those who wield the sword are worthy, and that Excalibur’s sense of justice never wavers. I believe you more than worthy, Jesse”

Jesse could see that he was telling part of the truth, and although she was beginning to trust him, she was growing more and more anxious by the second. The constant pauses along with the nervous expressions between his statements or the look of doom that sometimes crept over his face told a different story. One that she wanted, no, needed, to hear. He was holding something back, maybe not out of malice, but perhaps because he didn’t want to scare her, to push her to far. It was having the opposite effect, and she was already past her limits.

“I believe you” she said quietly, her eyes on the sword. She needed to tell the truth, too.

Merlin’s face softened in relief, wiping his brow with the end of his robe. He smiled.

“…but you aren’t telling me everything. Somehow, I just know there is more to your story and I cannot follow you blindly, cannot face that thing out there without knowing everything, without a reason. Without knowing...because, the fact is Merlin…” she said, tears forming in her eyes, her façade of strength failing.

“..I don’t know anything! I can’t remember a thing. I remember bits about taking the sword, about coming here. I know who I am, I have knowledge, but details, people, faces, events, even my parents ; nothing!” she began to weep, and Merlin came to her, cautiously kneeling before her before tenderly taking her hand. Her tears wouldn’t stop, her emotions flowing with them.

“I’m scared Merlin, I’m just a girl, you know? This is too much” she looked at him, trembling, her lip quavering as she spoke.

“I’m lost and I’m confused. I want to believe, I need something to hold onto, but I’m so scared. I nearly died, I’ve changed, and I’m trying to pretend I’m ok but I’m not.”. She was letting it all go, taking a huge risk, revealing what she really felt. If she could trust him, she would find out, if she couldn’t, they were both going to die anyway.

“My child” Merlin said softly, caressing her hand, “I am so sorry that such a fate has befallen you, but I know you will achieve great things. Your memory will come back with time, I am sure. I will never leave your side, I promise you. You can trust me. We can do this, together”

His eyes looked into hers, true and unflinching, and she knew without a doubt that she could trust him. The sword seemed to glow warmly with agreement. Merlin stood.

He walked over to the entrance of the tunnel that led upwards, reached out his hand as if checking the air.

“We have enough time. I will tell you everything, from the very beginning. I will hold nothing back. All that I ask is that you judge me by my intentions and actions, not by my mistakes”

Jesse wiped her tears, feeling so much better than before. “I’m ready” she said.

“It all started long ago….”

&#x200B;| 

&#x200B;

“Let’s get to it then”, said Merlin as he jumped up and stretched, changing tone in that strange manner he had that was so quick it left Jesse feeling confused and rushed.

“The barrier will fall soon. I will try my best to aid you, but it is largely down to you, for both of us. Trust in Excalibur, he will guide and help, ensuring no harm befalls you. Do not underestimate his power, believe in him, for he has slain far greater beasts than lies yonder”.

Could she detect a little nervousness or perhaps it was excitement? He had been trapped here for so long after all.

Jesse on the other hand, wasn’t feeling excited in the least. She thought back to when she had cut through the tangled wall of roots and the monster had attacked. Excalibur had moved automatically, to lift the sword and create the armour around her. Maybe it would do the same again, but that beast…he was so strong. How could she take a hit that hard and survive?

Excalibur’s warm glow caught her attention as feelings of confidence and calm stretched through her arms and into her body. This time, she let him come into her, embracing the feelings. She took a deep breath, straightened her back and slowly exhaled. It helped.

“Ok Merlin, I’ll fight.” As the words left her mouth she had a distinct feeling of a memory trying to surface, something nagging at the corners of her mind. Just as she tried to grasp it, it was gone.

She was snapped from her thought as Merlin reached out his hands, his dirty fingers gently feeling in the air as the roots in the wall began to bend and stretch, forming a staff that snapped off, flying across to him. As he held it, it twisted and locked together until it had taken shape. The top of the staff was the shape of a flower bud, with roots that wrapped around diagonally allowing small openings between them. Inside the space created, a soft blue light glowed that casted swirling shadows around them as it danced. Merlin shut his eyes and focused, and the blue light intensified slightly before dying back down.

“Still no good” he sighed, “but the focus helps. Let us go”

They half walked, half climbed through the knotted roots of the tunnel towards where the gate had been, the lights in the tomb below detaching and flying to Merlin’s staff’s as it’s light guided the way. As they arrived, the last wisps of barrier dissipated outwards and disappeared. They waited for a moment, expecting the beast to rush again at any second, but he did not. Cautiously they edged forward, Jesse walking slightly behind Merlin, still mindful of how he saved her earlier. As they passed over the threshold she felt a warmth there, a strange buzzing feeling, it clung to her still as she went through, swirling around her.

Merlin looked at her strangely for a second, then dismissed whatever he was thinking and carried on marching forward rounding the corner.

Despite Excalibur’s efforts, Jesse’s heart was thundering as she followed. Nothing but the fear felt real still, as if she was watching someone else from above, scared for them. Focus, she told herself, clenching her grip around the sword. The tunnel seemed to grow colder and darker as it narrowed.

They walked around the corner into darkness, Jesse unable to see anything far from Merlin's staff. From it flew the glowing blue orbs, sticking to the walls and ceiling, giving the room the same dim blue glow as the tomb below. It was a much larger cavern, roots hanging down its high walls, dripping slowly. Strewn across the stony floor were various pieces of rusted weaponry, armour and trinkets. Looking into the corner, Jesse gasped as she saw a large stack of skulls and bones neatly arranged in odd formations next to a small opening that led upwards from the far side. A strong breeze seemed to be whipping around the space, stirring the dust and debris. Where was the monster?

“Nani Kore” a voice echoed around the chamber, but no one could be seen. Jesse jumped.

“Yappari gaikokujin da, omoshiroi”

It seemed to be moving, floating around the high ceiling and coming from all around them. Jesse’s eyes darted around as the sound moved.

She jumped again as she felt Merlin’s hands on her head, and gave him a quick, nervous glance. His eyes were closed, his staff thrust forward with the light throbbing.

“Almost got it….there” he said, opening his eyes. Jesse felt a cold click somewhere deep in her head, but nothing happened. What was he doing?

“Quite a cute girl…maybe I’ll take her with me” the voice said, suddenly understandable, it’s accent strange and exotic. She looked over at Merlin, who grinned happily. Jesse went to say something, but suddenly felt a presence close behind her, and swept around, only to be greeted by a gush of wind as whatever it was moved away. Why was it being so cautious, where was the rampaging monster from before?

“Oh, good senses too, I see. Interesting. So, who will I attack first, perhaps the priest. I do so hate priests…”

“I am no priest” said Merlin, his eyes now glowing ever so slightly.

The sounds of movement and gusts of wind seemed to stop.

“You can speak my language? Interesting…so you say you’re not a priest. A wizard, perhaps? How very rare! So, if we can talk, tell me. Which one of you do I have to kill to leave this god forsaken place?”

Jesse and Merlin looked at each other before glancing back in the direction of the voice.

“What do you mean?” called Jesse, confused.

“Girl’s should remain quiet while the men speak” the monster chuckled,” but I like you, so I will explain”

“My kind, gods and wardens of this land, have long despised and fought the priests that dirty it’s soil with their pointless and self-righteous ways, turning people against us, spreading lies, their….shiny bald heads”. He seemed to find that particular part of them most offensive as she heard him spit in disgust.

“A particularly annoying warrior priest that had been a thorn in my side for too long, led me to this place. I thought I had him trapped, but the truth was, he had me”

“The entrance to this place will allow people in, but once through, there is no return. The priest told me I would be trapped here forever, the only way to break the seal was by killing whatever lurked in the tomb beyond, he said. He was so pleased with his self-sacrifice. He put up a good fight though, didn’t you priest?”

A sound came of something hard being hit, and a skull flew over from the collection by the wall. It landed at their feet, its hollowed eyes looking up, a gaping hole and crack along it's crown. Jesse shivered, thinking of the over-sized sword. That could have been her.

“Shame that afterwards I found the path to you blocked by yet another damned gate, and so here I have stayed. Occasionally, I had a few guests who ventured down the tunnel in search of glory, as you can see, although those stopped a long, long time ago.”

The bones rattled and fell from their order to the floor, bits of armour clanging as they did.

“So, it brings me back to the question. Which one of you do I have to kill?”

He had started moving again around the room, judging by the gusts of wind. Jesse lifted Excalibur a touch higher and focused. She had no chance unless she could see him. “Please Excalibur”, she said in her mind, “help me”.

It seemed however, that Merlin was one step ahead. With a sudden blast from the end of his staff, a blue wave rippled out across the room, pulsing in bands. it seemed to surround a shape at the far end in a bright light, and the monster slowly became visible.

Jesse and Merlin stared as he materialised. He seemed different to before, not as big, not as menacing, more human like, more in control. His heavy sword was strapped to his back, and his black feathers glistened, but didn’t extend past his biceps or encroach around his neck. His eyes too were a normal dark brown instead of the full black of before. He was a young man, Asian in appearance, slightly younger than Merlin. As Jesse stared at him, she wondered if everyone with powers was this good looking. She glanced shyly at Merlin before quickly returning her gaze back to the monster, although she couldn’t really call him that looking at him now. Her face felt hot. Such stupid feelings to be having in this situation, Jesse, she thought. Beast would suit better, at least.

“I guess my cape is useless now” the beast said, throwing the cape of shining white feathers to the side, “such a shame, it would have made this so much easier. Fighting an evil wizard could be tricky…”

“You’re wrong” said Merlin, “I am not evil, although punished here deservedly. The girl is innocent. If one of us dies, perhaps the gate will open, I do not know, but know this, it is not needed, for the girl’s sword, as you saw yourself, can destroy them”

The beast’s gaze darted to the girl, and with a gust of wind he was suddenly in front of her, tall and looming.

“What’s so special about this sword? It looks so weak” he said, reaching out for it with his hand.

As he touched it, a bright light burst forth and burned against his fingers, causing him to reel back, gripping his hand in pain.

“It hurts!”

As he screamed and crouched down, his face contorted, and his eyes stretched, black consuming the white slowly to the centre as he writhed painfully. Black feathers crawled up his neck and down his arms as his hands became claws, growing and extending.

He heaved heavily, before becoming still. He was now the much larger, sinister looking version Jesse had seen in the tunnel.

Merlin didn’t seem bothered by the change, “We have a quest, monster. Step aside or die. A pure being would see truth in my words.”

It only enraged him further, cursing under his breath as he stood up to his full height, displaying his muscular physique. Jesse wondered what on earth Merlin was up to.

“The things I did for my people always had a reason, wizard. To survive, to serve, to honour our ancestors. You accuse me of being impure? You were the one imprisoned in this place! I should not trust such people. Just like the priest before, you are trying to deceive me, and I have only one chance to return to my people, I cannot and will not fail them!”

He composed himself and stretched back to retrieve his sword, and with a mighty pull lifted it out above him, the metal grinding in a whining pitch against the scabbard as it did. He took a fighting stance, his legs wide and his sword ready at his side. Merlin too, squared his footing, angling his staff toward the monster.

No more words were needed, the atmosphere had changed, still and deadly.

Jesse just stood there, frozen, wondering what to do, deciding it best just to aim the sword at the monster and grip tightly while her heart-rate soared. As she thought of that ridiculous sword coming down on her, her helmet closed around her face and then somehow, she could see. She noticed that everything seemed to be clearer with this view, as if her vision was improved. The armour now completely encased her body.

She heard Merlin remark, “The pendragon, how marvellous” but didn’t want to take her eyes away from the danger in front.

With a movement so fast she could barely follow, the beast took one heavy step as he pivoted on his lead foot, directing all his force into swinging his sword with both hands. He let go just as it came in front of him, and in an explosion of wind, the sword came spinning and hurtling directly toward Jesse.

No time to react, not even for Excalibur, all she could do was watch as it tore through the air towards her, closing her eyes the moment before impact.

The sword crashed against something with a mighty boom and spun off as Jesse opened her eyes, its blade jutting into the hard rock of the wall beside her, dust and rock exploding outwards. Dissolving in front of her was a blue shield of energy, its wispy trail leading back to Merlin’s outstretched hand while he slumped, his breath ragged.

“Use the sword” he gasped, trying to take in more air. Just that spell took this much out of him? Was he still tired from the one earlier?

Suddenly a gust of wind blew across the room and the beast was upon him, driving his talon like claw into his midsection with such force that Merlin was lifted off the ground and up into the wall at his back. His limbs spread wide and his staff flew from his grip as he slammed into the wall with a sick crack, groaning as he fell to the floor.  From his head ran thick red blood. He was hurt, badly.

“Is that all you have Wizard?” the beast laughed manically. He turned to Jesse.

“…and you , you look as if you’ve never used that sword before” he said, drawing closer to Jesse as he did.

“Really, who in the world are you two? A frail wizard and a scared little girl, trapped forever in a tomb like this. Give me the sword, I do not wish to tarnish my honour by fighting you”

“You threw your sword at me” Jesse said quietly, her voice constricted with fear. It was all she could think to say.

“I knew the Wizard would do something, he was my real target” the beast once again looked at Merlin, who was struggling for his breath, blood spilling from his mouth. Merlin muttered something incoherent, trying to move himself to sit up as he did.

“Oh, you still have something left, do you?” said the beast. He slowly walked over to his sword stuck in the wall, and with a quick pull, dislodged it.

“I’ve killed many an errant priest before, but never a wizard. It will be a first” his black eyes grew wide as he drew nearer to Merlin.

Jesse felt powerless to act, but she had to do something. Merlin seemed to lazily watch the beast approach him, too dazed to do anything else. Why was he so weak? He slumped slightly, his eyes only barely open.

Looking at him, Jesse panicked, and was stricken by a sudden and powerful vision, a memory. A little girl, cold and alone, trapped in a car that was slowly falling into the depths of water around it. Jesse reached out her hand, desperate to save her, but was being pulled away by something against her will.

“No!” she shouted, snapping back to the present, suddenly confused. The beast spun around.

Before Jesse realised, she was flying across the space between them at an incredible speed, her emotions spurring Excalibur into action. Her hand raised the sword high, and as it did, she jumped, rising higher into the air than she had ever thought possible. Her other hand came around the swords hilt and forced it downwards towards the beast. She was going to kill him, she couldn’t let Merlin die. He was her only hope.

The beast vanished with a gust of wind, appearing at her side as Jesse landed and Excalibur came down on nothing but air.

Smiling, he drove his knee into her stomach with such power that she thought she might vomit inside her helmet. She launched off his knee and into the air before slamming down on to the ground and skidding away, still clutching Excalibur desperately.

She coughed, struggling to get her breath back, trying to think through the pain that exploded out from her abdomen. Such pain, even through the armour, and that was only his knee?

Each time the pain throbbed it seemed to be pushing at the veil hiding her memories, giving her focus to almost touch them, but it wasn’t enough, and now wasn’t exactly the best time to be thinking of anything else but her enemy.

She rose to her feet relieved to find nothing seemingly broken. The beast was facing her, swinging his sword around casually, waiting. At least she had taken his focus away from Merlin, who now was slumped, eyes closed and breathing heavy against the wall. Just what was she going to do now?

She didn’t have time to think. The beast flew at her once more, this time a direct attack down the middle with a more compact swing. Excalibur came up to parry the blow, Jesse fearing the worst as the huge blade bore down upon it. They clashed in the air with a mighty crack, the force blowing through her and down her legs, almost buckling her knees. She held on, and both sword and beast were repelled back by the blocked blow as wind raged violently between them. Excalibur glowed at the impact.

Something sparked inside Jesse. An excitement, a thrill, a rush, and a yearning for more. It was as if Excalibur had felt the touch of another blade and had come alive, the first time in a thousand years that it had had the chance to do what it did best; fight.

The feeling vibrated through Jesse, and she stood up straighter, stepping from the impressions her feet had dug into the ground from the previous blow.

“I said it before, but you are not normal, girl. To block my blow like that. Just who are you?” the beast said, his eyes inquisitive.

“I am his friend, and I will not let you kill him” Jesse said, sure of that at least. It was her fault Merlin was so badly wounded.

“Who are you?” she added, trying to put the focus on him.

“Just a man trying to get back to his people but being thwarted constantly by the likes of you” he replied, almost hissing through his teeth.

“Then let’s stop this and just go together!” Jesse pleaded, wanting anything but to fight. “All we have to do is go up that tunnel, I’ll break the barrier and we are free. Why can’t you see that?”

“Because it’s a trap!” he shouted and launched himself at Jesse once more.

Jesse braced herself, now more confident she could handle any blow that came, but as he approached one hand came free of the sword and from it gusted an incredible wind that threw Jesse off balance and exposed her right side.

All Jesse could do was watch as the terrifying sword changed its attack angle in an instant and slammed into her ribs. She heard cracks, either the armour or her bones as a painful heat exploded down the entire side of her. The beast’s sword bounced off as she sailed through the air and into the wall, Excalibur thrown from her grip.

Relief would not come. The beast was relentless and without pause as he closed in to take the advantage, attempting to drive the blade straight through Jesse’s chest as she shakily rose to her feet. It struck the armour hard, pinning her against the wall. Jesse’s ribs were crying out in pain, and her chest felt as if it was being speared straight through, but the armour was holding.

“What the hell is this armour?” the beast shouted in a frustrated rage. He quickly pulled the blade back and landed consecutive strikes all over Jesse’s body as she rose her arms to cover her face, her arms managing to deflect the shots that came there somehow. All Jesse could do was take the rest, he was too fast, she couldn’t even think. Where the blade was hitting, the silver armour was glowing gold, but feeling more and more soft to Jesse, the blows penetrating further each time, hitting deeper, her body twisting and bending with each strike. Jesse wouldn’t be able to keep this up for long, she was amazed she had gone this far. The pain was unbearable.

As the blows rained the booming sound of them seemed to fade as her attention  once more focused itself on the veil over her memories, which seemed to stretch and risk breaking with each spike in pain. She started to mentally push against it, and just as she could feel it starting to give, she was brutally brought back to reality by a pain so raw that it broke through her stupor.

Part of the armour the beast had been hitting had broken open under the gold glow, letting a small portion of the blade stick through and cut her side. Instinctively she lowered her hands as the pain exploded into agony, leaving her head wide open. The beast didn’t miss his chance and with one huge swing slammed the heavy blade against her helmet. It flew open, her hair dangling out and the cold stale air hitting her face as her neck bent horribly to one side, her body following as she rocketed to the floor.

Her head smashed hard on the ground, and she lay there, still. She felt her consciousness retreating, giving up at the sheer damage and pain that was being inflicting on her.  With blurred eyes and ringing in her head, she could just about see Merlin across the room, in no better condition, eyes closed, bleeding. Excalibur was lying near Merlin, useless. She knew she didn’t have what it would take to beat this beast, had tried to tell him. Why hadn’t he listened? The sword had made the wrong choice, and now they were both going to pay for it. How were they meant to do anything for the good of all if they weren’t even capable of beating this thing and leaving this place? It was all so stupid, and Jesse just felt so tired, so sleepy. She just wanted to give up and drift off into nothing.

The words triggered an explosion in her mind, the veil torn back.

“You never give up on me again Jesse, promise me!” a man’s voice shouted out in her head, deep and twanged with emotion, crying between the words that he was struggling to say.  Her eyes flew open.

“I will never give up on you, you understand me? I love you, we love you, you are the world to us! We are never going to leave your side, ever!”

“So, promise me Jesse, please, say it” the voice pleaded.

“I’m sorry, Dad, I promise you, I… I love you” her own voice, weak but resolute, sobbing as she spoke. It was a promise made to never be broken. She was never going to give up again. She couldn’t see his face, couldn’t place the memory, but she knew it was her Dad, knew something bad had happened to her, and she was filled with the love and determination that the memory brought. She couldn’t let things end like this. She had people who loved her, and she had made them a promise that she had meant with all her heart, even if she couldn’t remember why, their faces, or where. Her heart knew still.

She fought the blanket of darkness that was still creeping over her with the last bit of strength the memory had given, and reached out for Excalibur, calling to it in her mind.

“Please, Excalibur” she whispered, “Please do something”

Nothing came, so she pushed deeper, tried to remember the feeling of being connected with it, the feeling when she had first held it aloft. Like hearing a distant rumble of thunder to mark the coming of lightning, she felt something inside her, cascading across the skies of her mind. She felt the sword, felt it thrumming with an intense energy.

The beast approached her, walking slowly while dragging his sword across the floor.

“Time to go home” he said, heaving the sword high above. He didn’t seem to happy about it, his face pained, hesitation marring his movements.

It was now or never. With everything she had she screamed to Excalibur “Help me!”

The beast’s sword coming down was the last thing Jesse saw as her eyes closed, and the lightning in her mind finally struck.

&#x200B;

|**|** **|** 

Domitia was hungry, which was never the time for bad news.

"I'm sorry, m'lady. We have been unable to locate Galahad" the man knelt before her reported.

She made him wait for her reply, watching him squirm and sweat with each passing second.

The silence stretched in the large hall in which she held her council. High-arched stone walls dwarfed the long table where her closest advisers sat, patiently waiting. On a raised platform before them that led to her throne, her informer trembled.

"...and the parents?" she questioned, ending his tortuous wait.

"There were too many police, m'lady, and people...we could not follow. We believe they were taken to a safe house. Our men are investigating and using their resources to find the location"

Why did things always have to be so complicated?

While considering the news and her options she gazed at her beautiful golden sceptre. In the large red diamond that sat atop its crown, her own reflection glinted back at her; as flawless as the diamond itself.

Calming at the sight, she wondered if perhaps she should spare the man. After all, how could she expect a mere minion to orchestrate a victory against a mighty knight such as Galahad?

"M'lady, there is more... Agent Huber was seen at the house this morning"

Her grip on the sceptre tightened. It was a name she had grown to despise in recent times. The wily FBI agent had been a thorn in her organisations side for too long. No doubt he would make the connection between the charred corpses and previous cases. The man had a nose like a dog. Why hadn't she dealt with him sooner?

Squeezing tighter, she felt an itch crawl over her hand. Reluctantly she cast her eyes down, not wanting to see that which she knew would be there. Over the thumb a dark blemish bloomed with rough wrinkles and decaying flesh, spreading by the second. The sheer perfection of the skin around it making it impossible to miss. Fury rose in her, bringing with it the insatiable feeling of hunger.

No forgiveness would be given today.

Domitia rose from her throne and swept across the marble floor, her long cape drifting behind her as the black skin-tight suit shimmered in the low light.

The man flinched as the pointed-edge of the sceptre's diamond pressed into his ribs. Small wet droplets fell to the floor beneath his face as he cowered in fear.

"I asked for one thing: the parents of the girl. Without them our leverage with her is gone. Not only did you fail that task, but you lost two men in the process, even forcing my hand! Do you know how much power that took? Now tell me, how should I punish you?"

"I...er...please...m'lady."

"You have failed me! We cannot afford failure, *now* more than ever!" Domitia roared.

Only one punishment awaited such a glaring failure of duty, both she and the man knew. She could give them youth. She could give them power. She could provide wealth beyond their wildest dreams.

And she could take it all away.

Her cape billowed as her heels lifted softly from the floor, her eyes burning incandescent. Darkness fell heavy on the room, shadows leaping and dancing at its fringes. Like snakes her hair whipped out around her head.

It was always best to make a show of it.

With a loud crack a beam of red fizzed out from the sceptre and surrounded the man completely.

In an instant he was gone, turned to a cloud of sparkling dust that flowed back towards the sceptre in a steady stream. As it drew into the diamond that now burned bright, pulses of energy flowed down Domitia's hand. The forces of life itself. Delicious.

The flawed, aged skin was gone, swept away by pure white perfection.

The cape swept around her as she returned back to the throne, taking her place as all around her returned to normal. Nothing remained of where the man had been only heartbeats ago.

"Find the girl, find Galahad, and take care of that damned agent once and for all! For Avalon!" she screamed to the room.

“For Avalon!” her council echoed as they rose at once and exited, a line of suits trying to remain composed as they jostled to be the first to leave.

"Sorceress..." a deep gruff voice groaned from the dark corner behind her once the room was empty.

"You know I prefer to be addressed as Lady these days, *Sir* Bedivere" she said, correcting him.

"You are no Lady" Bedivere said as he rose from the shadows and limped heavily into the centre of the platform, "...no more than I am a Sir"

Bedivere. One of the greatest knights of the round, loyal to Arthur until the very end. Searching her out after Arthur's disappearance, he had sought salvation. Salvation against the disease of amnesia spreading through the land, of his ailments, and of Arthur's enemies and successors. She had given it to him...at a price.

Becoming her first recruitment in an organisation that now spanned the world, she had made him into the man that stood before her. To her tastes, he was a better version of what he had been. A man worthy of being her right-hand man.

She had enhanced him, made him bigger, stronger and more powerful. She had replaced his hideously damaged arm with that of a new and more capable one. Other body parts too had come and gone down the years, nearly always from unwilling sources. A modern day Frankenstein some would say, and they wouldn't be wrong.

He stood a foot taller than he had once been ;  7ft of pure brawn smashed together without concern for balance or synchrony. The face remained untouched, his handsome features, short hair and stubly beard unmistakably still him. Still Bedivere.

Chopping and changing parts while keeping the bare essence alive was a simple endeavour. Very little life force could sustain him. As long as she kept the head as Bedivere as possible, there was no problem.

Monstrous, maybe. Powerful? Absolutely.

With her, it was a different story. Sustaining a flawless form over a thousand years took a lot of sacrifice, and she could not cope with anything less than *complete* perfection. At the beginning, even one soul could see her sustained for years. Now, it was merely *hours*, hours in which she suffered at the hands of the insatiable hunger and want for more.

Using her powers increased the need further, the act of balancing it with youth increasingly difficult to achieve. It was at the point where she could not wield her full strength easily.

The increased need had been drawing attention inside her activities of late. The pesky FBI agent, other organisations too. Circling around her mysterious group, probing. The discovery of Excalibur could not have come any sooner.

"Sorceress, I require your power" Bedivere rasped as his head cocked up from his hunched posture, interrupting her thoughts. Judging by the slightly putrid scent on the air, he wasn’t wrong.

Domitia lazily raised her sceptre and pointed it towards him, the diamond warmly radiating a soft light as a red haze surrounded the knight. After a few moments, it disappeared.

"Is that better?" she asked, her tone feigning concern.

"Yes, Sorceress" he replied clearly as he crunched his neck in satisfying twists. His breathes were less ragged, and he raised his head high as he collected himself, almost removing his hunched appearance.

"We have much to discuss" Bedivere said, coming closer.

"Yes, my dear Bedivere. Without the parents we will need to formulate a new plan completely. If Agent Huber is investigating and makes the connections I know he will, then going after them is too risky. Galahad too, complicates matters. With those two hounds prowling, we will need to be careful"

"If the hounds close in, Sorceress, you must throw them off the scent" Bedivere said with a grin.

"And how do you suppose we do that?" Domitia enquired, raising an eyebrow.

"Create a stink they cannot ignore. Lure them to it, to each other, and let them rip each other apart"

"Interesting…I leave it to you. I assume you will not be engaging directly in this matter?"

"I will not fight my brother, Sorceress"

Was it truly brotherhood that made him so reluctant to engage Galahad, or fear? Seeing those two fight would be a battle Domitia would not want to miss.

"Perhaps you can persuade him to join us?" she ventured.

"I know Galahad. He sees only one truth, one justice. His heart is pure and his choices simple. He will serve the girl, follow the sword, and destroy anything else in his path. He will never understand our motives, nor believe in our cause. Not to mention your methods..."

That matched everything Galahad had told her himself, Domitia mused. He did know him well.

"And do you believe in our cause, Bedivere?" she said.

"I do. As much as I abhor your methods, they are a necessary evil. I owe to them and you my life…or what remains of it"

Domitia doubted that was all, but it was enough.

“I promise you Bedivere, once our plan is complete, all will be restored to you” she said, looking deeply into his pale blue eyes. The statement was met by a simple nod, but not without a hint of solemn resignation.

"Any news on the girl" Domitia continued, changing the subject.

"Nothing. Although reviewing the footage of girl and the sword, I believe I have uncovered something of interest"

"What?"

"The lightning. That crisp blue-white light. The sound. Perhaps he never used it on you, Domitia, but as a knight of the round it is unforgettable"

"What of it?"

"It's Merlin. Undoubtedly"

The sorceress's heart raced as her eyes darted up to meet Bedivere's once more, sitting up in her throne.

Merlin. He had guided her during her younger years, shown her the beauty of magic and of life. Without his help she would never have ascended to the position of High Sorceress of Avalon. How she had adored him…they could have been beautiful together. All until Nimue came along. That wretched monster of the lake had changed everything, stealing Merlin away from her. Crushed, broken and alone, only the darkness had been there to save her, and she had embraced it.

Despite Nimue growing more powerful than both Merlin and herself, she had been able to exact her revenge on them. How sweet it had been! How easy. It still brought a smile to her face.

But how was he able to teleport the girl away? Had he somehow broken free of his entombment? If he had...that could change the game completely.

Many questions rose in her mind that she would need time to process. Galahad she could handle, but if Merlin interfered, it would be dangerous. If he was with the girl, even more so.

But he had been gone from the game for a long time, and the world had changed. How would Merlin's volatile nature and endless power fare in the modern world?

Focusing her mind back on what she knew, a plan began to form in her mind. Leave Galahad and Huber to Bedivere's scheming, make them fight each other and stay away. In the meantime, she had something she had to do.

“We are going to Colarado, Bedivere” she said at once.

“Sorceress, I said I would not fight Galahad”

“No you big fool. We must go to the source, to the cavern in which the sword was held. If we can find any remnants of Merlin’s magic there, we may just be able to find him”

“Merlin?”

“Yes, it may lead us to Merlin and the girl also…but not only them. *Him”* she said, drawing out the last word, her brilliant white-teeth shining as her red lips drew wide in a smile.

Bedivere’s eyes opened fully for the first time in the interaction. She could see his heart beating under his heaving chest as a flush came ever so slightly over his grey face.

“Then let us go at once, my lady”

**|** **|****|** **|** 

**A few days before…**

The young man strode through the entrance of the sprawling complex that was home to the sword, his stride purposeful and confident, his blonde looks and tall muscular physique drawing admiring glances and interest from all around.

He stopped at the main ticket booth, the woman serving blushing as he stepped forward.

“How..How..can I help you today, sir?” she said, stammering her words, her eyes darting from his face to muscles that were clearly visible through his thin white t-shirt.

“1 ticket please, kind lady, to pull the sword from the stone” he said, his English accent combined with his deep voice sounding very much out of place, even to him. Several people looked across as he spoke, the young man smiling and nodding politely at those he made eye-contact with.

“That’ll be $70 dollars for one go, sir. If you’d like to have two, it’s $110 dollars. We also have a deal for 1 picture, two pulls and 1 standard item from the shop for the special price of $140 dollars. Pulls are for 30 seconds only”

The young man scoffed loudly at the price, again drawing attention to himself before nervously smiling and quietly confirming, “Just the one will suffice, thank you.”

The girl slowly processed his order before handing over the ticket in a way that allowed her to make slight contact with his hand. As he went to take it, she held the ticket firm, gazing at him. He gave it a quick tug while nervously laughing, and after collecting his change in a similar fashion, swiftly went on his way.

This was it, he thought. Finally, his chance to see Excalibur had come, after all this time. He dearly hoped it was the real thing and not some cruel trick or imitation.

His stride was interrupted as a young girl in front faffed over her tickets with her parents before nervously moving forward, seemingly pressured by his movements to try and get past. Her Dad noticed his impatience as he left and gave him a wink and a smile, the young man offering a curt nod in reply. The girl didn’t look like she was enjoying things at all.

The line eventually came to the entrance of the cavern of the sword, a big draping poster above it detailing the sword shining bright, a hand clasped around its hilt. ‘Your destiny awaits’ was written in large letters beneath. The young man couldn't help but feel energised as he saw it, it was exactly what he had come for; to find his destiny and give his life true purpose. He took a deep breath as he went over the threshold, trying to calm his emotions and still his mind.

He entered the room, and after a few steps forward in the slowly moving line, he saw it, its visage hitting his mind and heart like a hammer, stopping him in his tracks. It was Excalibur, and somehow, he knew it was real.  He felt invigorated, like a fresh, cold wave of pure water was coming over him, his soul bursting forth.

As if in response to his feelings, the sword began to glow, and in his chest resounded a deep vibration that pulsed along with it. The crowd became excited, and even the awkward young girl in front was craning her neck to get a look, finally moving from her nervous position of merely clutching her ticket tight to her chest.

Annoyingly, he noticed employees eyeing him from the side of the room, feigning disinterest when he glanced over. He was making them nervous somehow, and they were keeping a close eye on him. The attention he drew wasn’t always the best kind.

As he neared the stone the sword’s reaction only increased. People were going crazy for it, cheering and clapping along as others tried in vain to lift it. Even the young man himself couldn’t help but feel it. His mood was dampened somewhat however, by the fools masquerading in costumes around the stones base.

“Fools” he said under his breath.

The girl in front darted a look back at him as he spoke, and then returned her gaze forward. Suddenly, he noticed it. She was standing taller than before, her hair raising almost imperceptibly from around her shoulders, her movements becoming smooth and focused. He could feel what felt like static buzzing around her in the air. Abruptly, she shook her head, and he felt the feeling fade, but she had his attention. The sword couldn’t possibly choose a girl, could it? A Queen to follow Arthur’s legacy? Even more than this, for it to be the person right in front of him?

His interest of the girl was proven true as she entered the stones that surrounded the main boulder. The reaction was unmistakable, a soft glow emanated from all around her, the static buzz increasing and vibrating in response to any movement she offered. No one else seemed to be aware of it, looking at either the sword or him.

He heard someone announce that she would be the last to attempt to lift the sword, and that all others would get a refund. Little did they know, there would be no more sword to lift after her, he was sure, and he would gladly take the refund.

Casting those thoughts aside, he became transfixed on the girl and the sword, unable to look away. As the last person before her gave up, he watched with bated breath as she drew nearer the sword, the blade dazzling in a sudden burst of light drawn from the heavens; it was glorious! Up she rose, despite the best efforts of the attendants near her to stop. It was clear to the young man now that she was the destined one, the true heir. Nothing would be able to hold her back.

He watched on, enthralled and eyes wide as she pulled Excalibur from the stone with ease and raised it into the air as people were sent flying back by the shock wave that tore outwards from the stone. The young man stood alone through the blast, his gaze unfaltering. She was magnificent! Golden and silver armour completely encased her body, shining and bright. He fell to his knees and knelt, his hand over his heart as he did. Tears were flowing down his face as he deeply intoned, “I swear my life and my sword to your service.” The sheer volume of the crowd was enough to drown out his voice, but the oath was real.

Despite the assault on his senses, he suddenly felt an ice-cold shiver to his right, creeping through the masses and stretching towards the girl.

He turned his head and felt the presence recoil back just as a bolt of lightning struck the sword and enveloped the room in blinding white light and a thundering boom. As the flash faded, a long drawn out screeching sound remained ringing in his ears. He was fine, but between the initial shock wave and lightning, nearly everyone in the room was strewn around on the floor, groaning and hurt.

The girl was gone, but there in front of him waving in the air was a long and smoky shadow, like a tentacle, slowly recoiling back past him. He grabbed it hard before it could, the shape suddenly snapping and drawing together into a solid mass, to bring a featureless face with dark eyes kneeling at his side.

“Angel?” the face hissed, the word long and drawn out as its tongue whipped around its mouth. It tried attacking his arm, biting, clawing, and scratching to escape, but to little effect.

“If there’s anything I despise more in this world than Angels, foul creature, it’s Demons…” he said, opening his left hand to reveal a burning white cross incandescent in the skin of his palm. The demon started struggling desperately to escape as he slammed the cross into its face, an explosion of light rippling through the Demon’s nebulous body like lightning in a cloud.

The Demon let out a painful gurgling scream and exploded into shapeless black vapor before burning away in small white flames. How strange, the man thought as he watched the last wisps burn. It had been a very long time since he had last seen a Demon, even a lesser Demon like that. The minions and lesser beasts were always attracted to power, unable to hold themselves back when they felt it. It must have been drawn here by the sword’s presence, or the girl, maybe both. Even though he couldn’t sense any more nearby, he would have to be more careful. He should have noticed sooner, there was no excuse.

He rose from the floor, dusted off his hands and jeans, and looked forward to where the girl had been. He still couldn’t believe it. Finally! What he had been waiting all this time for; a new heir to the sword, a worthy leader to follow, and a woman, no less. A ‘Lady Excalibur’, he mused to himself. He was excited to find out and learn what it all meant.

Even more, he recognised the feeling to that lightning, that crisp and sizzling power; Merlin! Undoubtedly Merlin! He was alive! Where in god’s name had he been all this time? He felt re-assured in the knowledge, knowing that under Merlin’s protection, she would be safe. He would need to find them, and soon.

He clapped his hands and roared “Yes!” to the room ecstatically. Not that anyone was listening however, the majority still rolling around in agony, clutching their ears. In contrast, the young man felt more alive than he had in an age, and even more excited as for what was to come.

“First a refund, and then I find them” he thought aloud as he turned to leave, but before he could, a blood curdling scream belted through the cavern from above. High in the galleries a woman was leaning over the rail, screaming and searching the ground below. He recognised the man who stood next to her, still in a daze; the girl’s Father. Her parents.

Best leave them to it, the young man thought. He could wait for them outside, make sure they were safe and that no other evil was lurking in the shadows for them. It would be his first duty for the girl, until he could find her.

He left the room, carefully stepping over people and debris from the burst stone and shattered pieces of glass. As he exited the building, he stopped at the ticket booth to get his refund just before they all began to rush down the other way. Smiling happily as he tucked the cash back into his wallet, he looked eagerly towards the car park.

Heavenly gleaming in one of the bays closest to the entrance stood his one and only noble steed. It was imposing and smooth, powerful and loyal, the perfect companion. He didn’t care much for modern marvels, but this one was one he couldn’t do without; his iron horse. He eyed the number plate as he jumped on to the soft, warm leather, a smile breaking out on his face as it always did. It was so simple, but so apt, although admittedly, it sometimes got him into a bit of trouble. ‘G-HAD’ was all it said. He’d had his fair share of them, for sure.

Galahad donned his sunglasses, leaned back in the sun and patiently waited. As people began to emerge screaming and shouting, and as sirens began to blare in the distance, he smiled contentedly. He had waited for over a thousand years for this. Life was about to get interesting again, and he was ready. An ancient power of good had awoken, and with it, evil was sure to be found.

&#x200B;

**|** **|***Hi all, this is my main story on the sub at the moment. The initial comment garnered a couple of thousand upvotes and a lot of comments, so I decided to carry it on! I've planned out in detail a complete 'book', and enough ideas to continue it far beyond that. At the time of adding this short comment, there are 16 parts, at around 45,000 words, so I am maybe around half-way to that goal! I hope you enjoy!*

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The sword was found lodged at the bottom of a quarry, to much fanfare of world news. The magnificent long swords golden hilt and beginnings of the blade were above the coarse stone, free of any signs of age. The first few characters of the name were visible extending down, penetrating into the rock after the ‘C’. What everyone knew was quickly confirmed by experts in the field; this was the legendary sword Excalibur.

The newly found world heritage site became a huge commercial boon to the local community. Thousands upon thousands of tourists flocked to see the sword, and with them, shops, restaurants, rides and a museum sprouted up to take advantage.

Of course, they had all tried to lift it. The initial workmen who had made the discovery, the experts, the first few to visit, and the thousands of tourists paying for the privilege.

None had succeeded.

Jesse had seen the drama unfolding on TV, in the papers, online. She had been told endless times by her school friends and even had to listen to her parents excitedly discussing it most nights at the dinner table. Who would lift the sword? What would it mean? Did you know that there’s a jackpot prize now?

Jesse blamed the constant deluge of information for the fact that the sword had begun to dominate her dreams. Most nights she would see the sword, dimly lit by the moon in a foggy marsh, the sound of footsteps echoing in the puddled water. It would be beckoning her, calling with pulses that increased in their urgency. She would climb the wet, moss covered rock and reach for the sword and then wake up, heart pounding.

So it was with some relief when her parents informed her that the 3 of them would be having a family outing to see the sword. Maybe her parents would finally have enough and she would be able to dismiss it from her dreams.

They day came and it was *long.* The drive to get there, the queues, the shopping, the rides….it was so boring Jesse couldn’t help but feel tired and bored. She wanted to go home.

Finally, they entered the huge cavernous theatre that held the stone. At the top, an opening was left that allowed sunlight to strike the rock and make the sword sparkle and glow, if it wasn’t cloudy at least, like today. Huge tapestries depicting scenes from medieval times were draped around the circular room, highlighted in places by blazing torches hung around them. For those attempting to lift the stone, costumed workers would bow as they approached and take photos as they attempted the impossible.

The queue split in two ways, those paying the extortionate fee to take part, and those who wanted to pay less and walk around the gallery that encircled the room above the tapestries. It was an incredibly well-oiled money-making machine.

Jesse had assumed her family would be taking the latter route, but as her Father and Mother began to walk that way, her Father thrust a different ticket into her hands.

“This was expensive enough that I fully expect you to come back with that bloody sword” he said, smiling.

Before she could protest, they were gone, and she was left, being pushed forward into the main line. As she neared the rock, not yet at the front of the line, the crowd hushed suddenly. Excited whispers and eventually cheers began to sound. Had someone lifted the sword? She peered around the people ahead to see that the sword had begun to glow, and a deep, low, vibrating sound had begun to emanate from the stone. The crowd loved it, assuming like Jesse, that this was all part of the show, another way to over-excite people to part more easily with their money.

The man in-front of Jesse walked up to take his turn, and Jesse stepped into the circular array of stones surrounding the main rock. She was struck by the sudden vision from her dreams. The cold, wet, foggy marsh with the sword. The pulsing was so strong from the sword in her vision that her head hurt. She shook her head, and cleared her thoughts, opening her eyes and returning to the moment.

People were cheering loudly as the man desperately tried to lift the sword, the sound from the rock becoming louder and the sword glowing even brighter. The costumed workers were no longer helping to take photos or play the part of their medieval roles, but were talking into radio’s and signalling someone high up in the galleries.

She spotted her Dad up there , smiling wide while looking into his camera, her Mother checking to make sure he was capturing everything. They were loving this, at least.

The man eventually finished , obviously pleased that he had elicited such a reaction from the sword. He descending down from the high rock, high-fived one of the workers. The worker looked worried, and reached for a microphone at his waist.

“Ladies and Gentleman, I am very sorry to inform you that after this young lady here attempts to pull the sword from the stone, the attraction will be closed for safety checks. Those remaining in the line will have their tickets refunded or replaced”

A man in a suit joined the costume worker , whispering into his ear and eyeing the man standing behind Jesse, pointing to him. He was a strapping young man, 6ft plus with long blonde hair and bright blue eyes. He had an intent about him, staring directly ahead. If anyone would suit the sword, it would be him, Jesse thought.

The worker motioned Jesse forward into the area dimly lit from the cloud covered hole high above, and as she did a burst of light suddenly poured down on them, so bright and intense that she had to blink her eyes to adjust.

When she was able to open them, what she saw astounded her. Glowing bright gold in the rock were etched emblems and signs. Atop the stone, the letters EXC emitted light that danced and shone down to her. The rumbling low vibration increased, and somehow, without even realising it, she had begun to move up to the rock, or rather, be pulled up. From deep inside her, something had awoken, and was willing her to take the sword and hold it aloft, and she had never desired anything as forcefully as this.

It took her a moment to realise that one of the workers was trying in vain to hold her back, and had been joined by two other workers. Both of them were much bigger than Jesse, much stronger, but somehow, she was able to keep moving forward, not even feeling their touch or desperate attempts at restraining her.

She reached the top of the stone, extended her hand, and grabbed the hilt of the sword.

A shockwave burst from the stone, throwing the workers, the suited man and everyone close by off their feet. The beam of light concentrated its focus into a beam that hit the sword as Jesse began to pull. A strength she had never known began to envelope her as she heaved. The sword didn’t move, and as she concentrated all of her strength ready for a final heave she heard a whispered , metallic, deep and slow rumble in her mind, the sword glowing in unison with the words.

“ Jesse Harbinger, are thee truly worthy?”

Images flashed before her eyes, that she couldn’t control, as if something was searching through her memories. It lingered on the painful ones, considered the moments she had been scared or cornered, times when she’d lost, times when she’d won. Images that she didn’t even remember being there surfaced from deep within, and it was on those that the searching stopped.

“She will do” a chorus of deep, old voices echoed.

With a mighty crack, the rock burst and cracked as Jesse heaved the sword from the stone and held it aloft.

As she did her arm was encased in a golden glow, spreading to the rest of her body. Silver armour rimmed with gold began to appear where it had been, until her entire body was covered.

“Jesse, you are not safe here” the same metallic voice said in her head.

Jesse was reeling, her head swimming with power and confusion. She couldn’t answer.

“Jesse, we must hurry. Someone is waiting to see you” it said.

“Excalibur, bring her to me, there is no time” another voice, old and ancient, creaking like an old boat.

A bolt of lightning exploded into the room from the hole in the roof above, directly striking the sword and blinding all those around. When the flash faded, Jesse, and the sword , were gone.

&#x200B;**|** **|** 

Galahad crouched behind a car and watched as the two men strode confidently up to the front door, the now light rain spitting down softly on them as they did. One was tall and slim, with a goatee framing a chiselled face, the other short but burly, like a bull, with a face to match. Both had short cropped dark hair and otherwise unremarkable appearances. Their aura however, was unmistakable; Galahad could almost smell their evil intentions.

Ever since magic had began to grow inside him centuries ago, Galahad had been able to sense these kind of things, things he couldn’t quite explain. He had always been a good judge of character, and the magic had seemed to enhance that ability, nurturing it beyond simple human intuition.

The doorbell rang with a slow chime as the taller of the two reached it, and after a few moments and the flickering on of a soft light within, the door opened. A weary, tear stained face peered out from the narrow gap across the chain. It was Jesse’s Father, his face old and tired, a decade etched into it in the space of a day.

The tall man smiled and presented something, a badge perhaps, Galahad couldn’t clearly see, and without a word or even a change in expression, Jesse’s Father unfastened the chain and opened the door wide, motioning for them to come in. The men thankfully entered, wiping off their clothes and gesturing at the weather above. The heavy wooden door closed with a clunk behind them.

As soon as it did, Galahad skipped across the sidewalk, avoiding the many tributes and signs laid there, and darted over the wet lawn of the house, heading for the side fence. It was hard to suppress the urge to run straight through the front door, but something about the men intrigued him, and he wanted to see what he could learn before he inevitably crashed their party. They were playing a game, trying to win the parent’s trust, and Galahad wanted to see where it went.

With a simple jump he glided over the white fence, landing softly and silently to the grass on the other side, the magic he pooled into his feet dampening the sound. Settling it back at his centre, he began moving again, avoiding the various garden ornaments that littered the grass and flower beds around him. He soundlessly made his way through the side yard and into the main garden, looking for a way to listen in on the conversation inside.

Crossing the decked veranda that sheltered a large table and an oversized BBQ, he headed to the half-open French doors, a curtain blowing gently from them in the breeze. He heard voices and stopped.

“I know you are tired Mr and Mrs Harbinger, and I apologise for our late call, but we at the bureau have a few more questions we would like to ask” a man’s voice said, smooth and calm.

“You said you had an update for us! I’ve bloody well told everyone and their uncle about what happened today a million times or more, I do not see the point in saying it again. Don’t you people talk to each other? It’s past midnight for god’s sake! If you don’t have anything new to tell us, then piss off!” Jesse’s Father roared, his voice trembling with anger and pain.

“Honey, please. It’s for Jesse, stay calm. It’s not like we can sleep anyway…” a sweet and measured voice cooed gently to him, the mother.

“What else do you need to know, Agent…?” she continued.

“Fredericks, and my fellow agent Stones” the smooth voice answered. Galahad positioned himself so he could peer through the doors without being seen. They led onto a kitchen complete with table and bar that opened out to a sizeable lounge area, the shiny deep-brown wooden floor connecting both spaces in a cosy alpine theme.

A huge TV hung on the wall overlooking two large black leather sofas titled to face it, a small coffee table between them on a shaggy white rug. He could see the taller agent near an old piano towards the front entrance, and Jesse’s parent’s heads popping over the top of the couch to the right. The big family portrait between the lounge and kitchen area had 4 faces, not 3 as he had expected. A much younger Jesse joined by a girl who could be no more than five years old. A sister, perhaps?

“We appreciate how hard today has been for you, but know that we are on the same side. Everything we do is because we want to help you find Jesse as soon as possible, safe and sound. Now, this may seem like a strange question, but is there anything that would make Jesse, how do I say, unique, or special?” the tall man said. Fredericks.

“No, she's just an ordinary girl” the mother replied quickly, “like everyone else”

“…and has anything strange happened recently? Any new friends, any strange trips or unexplained occurrences?”

“No, nothing. She was just finishing school, looking forward to College. She was happy, happier than she had been in a long time”

“Can you explain what you mean by that please?”

“No” said her Father, sighing heavily, “Like I said, I’ve told you lot all of this already, and it won’t help find Jesse to sit here talking about it again, now, at this unholy hour. Unless you have anything new to tell us that isn’t some bullshit fantasy, I think you should both leave!”

Jesse’s father stood to his full height. He was a large man that would be intimidating to most despite his rather rotund body and balding head. He towered over Fredericks easily, who, unlike most men, didn’t seem one bit bothered.

“I’m afraid we can’t do that” he said flatly.

“Excuse me?” Jesse’s Father spat out whilst taking a heavy step towards him.

Fredericks’ hand shot out and clasped Jesse’s Father on the shoulder, stopping him in his tracks.

“Sit” he commanded, as a red vapour-like glow spilled forth, the light dancing up towards Jesse’s Father’s head and flickering in his eyes.

Jesse’s mother screamed, trying to move away, but in a swift movement the other agent blocked and subdued her with the same technique.

They both sat back down on the couch, utterly still and staring forward.

Galahad’s heart raced. Magic. Just who in the hell were these guys? To see magic used with such casual skill…it was surprising to say the least. He knew these guys were bad, but magically bad? Interesting... and dangerous.

The thought that maybe he should have contacted the 1st Sons crossed his mind again.

One of the agents lifted his phone to his face, and after a moment, spoke.

“We have the parents under our control, returning with them now” he said curtly, returning the phone to his pocket.

No, you won’t, thought Galahad as he thrust open the doors fully and strolled in.

As the doors flew open, the two men spun to face him. Jesse’s parents didn’t move an inch.

“Good evening Gentleman!” boomed Galahad, “I couldn’t help but notice that little Magic trick there, and well, I would love to learn how you did that! Perhaps we can exchange tricks? You know, I’ll show you mine if you show me yours?” he said with a wink as he drew closer.

The two men looked at each other, confused, but unphased. Professionals.

“OK, OK, that came out weird, but c’mon guys, what’s a bit of magic between friends?” he continued, smiling wide and cheekily as the two men just continued to stare.

With a surprising burst of speed the smaller bullish agent Stones came flying towards him, his hand outstretched with the same red glow as before. Galahad hardly had time to blink.

Many things like this in the past had been thrown at Galahad, and although some had worked, they had done so in decreasing frequency as his own magic force had developed, until they *never* did. Out of sheer curiosity he let Stones’ hand touch his shoulder. Being immortal didn’t come without a certain sense of recklessness, after all.

A hot fuzzy feeling enveloped his shoulder, stinging ever so slightly before he felt his own magic wrapping around it, containing it and subduing the effect. Before it completely dispelled, he pulled back, curious to see what it would do if it remained there.

“Sit” said Stones, his firm grip releasing from Galahad’s shoulder.

Galahad played along, taking a seat on the empty couch opposite the parents and making sure to stare forward and still.

“Who is he?” Fredericks asked to the parents.

“We don’t know” they replied in unison, only their mouths moving.

Galahad probed the red magic in his shoulder with his own as the two men wondered what to do with him. Slowly, he began to feel something; a connection to the men in front and to Jesse’s parents. More than that, he could feel what seemed like a distant string linking the two men to something…else. He pulled on it with his mind.

He almost flinched as a beautiful female face appeared before him in his mind's eye. Her eye’s deep red colour matched the lipstick she wore on her thick and sumptuous lips, which were made even more imposing by the contrast with her porcelain white skin. Flowing dark hair fell in smooth and soft curls around her face. She was so familiar, the visage stirring memories deep inside Galahad that failed to materialise. Who was she? Why was Galahad seeing her?

He tried to push forward more, concentrating on her, trying to remember. He began to feel her aura as it washed over him with a sense of terror. Pure evil; death. He had never felt something so terrifying.  In his shock, he pushed too far.

Her eyes stretched open wide as she became aware of his presence, the look of instant shock slowly turning into a relaxed but venomous smile.

“Galahad” she whispered seductively as she began to  laugh, sending Galahad’s mind reeling back against a crashing wave of pure red energy.

Galahad returned to himself, the magic in his shoulder burning. He focused his own energy there and crushed it before it could do any real damage, almost losing control against its renewed strength.

“Galahad” the two agents said in unison, their voices vibrating with a strange thrum, “how interesting! And you’ve learnt some magic, very cute.  A gift from the grail, perhaps? Hahaha”

Galahad’s eyes narrowed as he turned to face them. They were like puppets, controlled by the woman in his vision through the thread like connection. An evil and powerful woman, but that wasn't the worst of it. More than that, she knew who he was and of the grail. Remember, Galahad! Who in the hell was she? Only Arthur knew of the grail, he was sure.

“Oh, the look of confusion on your face is so beautiful…but why are you here, sweet Galahad? To protect the girl’s parents? To try and find her? The false queen? How misguided you are!”

“She is the true heir to Excalibur, and I have pledged my allegiance to her” Galahad replied.

“How little you know; how much you have forgotten!”

“Who are you? How do you know of myself and the Grail?”

“Oh, so many questions, Galahad. You’ve been wandering alone for too long, sweet Knight. Come to me. Bring the parents and I will explain everything you so desire to know. Don’t you want to know what really happened all those years ago? I can tell you everything”

A deep pain rose in Galahad. He did desperately want to know, but this woman possessed a power he had not before seen and would undoubtedly put the girl’s parents in danger, maybe even Galahad himself. He knew a trap when he saw one.  He needed to have a different approach, but one thing was certain; he had found another lead in the mystery. Not bad for the first day on the job. Not bad at all.

“Excuse me, vile mistress of darkest magic, I will have to decline. I can sense your wicked and rotten spirit leaking through these men. Your intentions, whatever they may be, are evil. You are an enemy of the girl, of the sword, and thus, an enemy of mine. I will find you and destroy you. I’m actually quite looking forward to doing so”

A slight pause hung in the air before she replied, but when it came, it was a deep and threatening hiss.

“Even you can die, Galahad. Remember that…”

The voice faded away as the oppressive air in the room sucked back towards the men, one last command barely audible as it did.

“Kill them all”

Stone’s hand moved in a blur as his eyes flashed red, an explosion erupting from the gun he whipped out in his hand.

Fire burned in Galahad’s chest as the shots hit him, driving him backwards and toppling the sofa onto the wooden floor.

He lifted his head from the floor and stared at his chest, two heavy slugs jutting horribly half-way out of the skin. It hurt like hell, and it felt like all the wind had been kicked out of him, but he was OK. It would take more than just a few shots to really hurt him.

Stones closed in and Galahad saw Fredericks approaching the parents. Galahad raised his legs from the floor and kicked the fallen couch hard. It flew up, colliding heavily with Stones and slamming him against the wall with a crunch. Fredericks managed to avoid it at the last moment, turning his attention away from the parents and towards Galahad. A pillow hit Jesse’s father in the face, but he didn’t even flinch.

Galahad sprung to his feet, one of the bullets popping out of his chest and falling to the floor.

Fredericks face went to the shells, and then back to Galahad. Stones remained crumpled under the couch.

“What the hell are you?” he said in his own voice, his eyes betraying the first sign of emotion Galahad had seen in him; fear. In his hand was a small dagger, glowing red and vibrating as it moved through the air. That would be more dangerous than the gun, Galahad knew. He couldn’t take any chances with it.

He drew on his pool of magic and forced the energy into his legs. With a swift spring to close the gap between them in an instant, his large boot slammed into the agent’s stomach, sending him hurtling and crashing straight through the wall and into the side yard.

He waited for a moment, and then, satisfied that the threat posed by the men was for the time being, under control, he turned his attention to the parents.

The magic controlled them still, their expressions blank and unchanged. Jesse’s mother looked old and tired, but he could see she had once been beautiful. She was blonde with large blue eyes that had been stained red with tears, framed by thick glasses. Her face was soft and caring.

Galahad wasn’t sure what to do, but he could still feel the evil magic swelling inside of them. Maybe he could quell it in the same fashion he had his own? He placed his hand on the mother’s head and tried to feel within her. The red magic seemed to instantly push against him, and as it did, he pulled. He felt it trying to hold back, but within moments he had it in his hand, and with a clenching of his fist, destroyed it.

Jesse’s mother collapsed on to the couch in a heap.

No time to waste, he turned to the Father and repeated the motion. Instead of collapsing however, he blinked his eyes slowly, and rubbed his temples, groaning. He saw and focused on Galahad, the effort obvious and great.

He went to speak, but before he could, a jarring shout came from the door.

“Freeze!”

Galahad spun around to see a police officer aiming at him with his gun.  His eyes flicked between the hole in the wall, Jesse’s Mother, and the crumpled man lying beneath the heavy leather couch.

He quickly motioned behind him and yelled into his radio.

“In need of backup at the Harbinger residence, now!”

Galahad heard a car door slam as he raised his hands and stood still.

“On the floor, now!” the officer yelled, edging closer.

Galahad obeyed, knowing how trigger happy some ‘cops’ tended to be. He didn’t want a stray bullet hitting one of the parents. Jesse’s Father was still rubbing his temples and slowly looking around, confused.  Jesse's mother snored, soundly asleep.

A series of bangs echoed out as the officer lurched forward, blood spurting from his mouth as he shuddered in time with each noise. He stumbled the last few steps over as Galahad rose from the floor and caught him. The officer’s eyes seemed to plead with Galahad, searching. He muttered something incomprehensible before sliding down, leaving a trail of blood down Galahad’s clothes.

As the lifeless man slumped to the floor, Galahad saw Agent Stones, painfully twisted and protruding from behind the couch. His glowing red eyes stretched wide as he continued to pull the trigger, only an empty click meeting his frantic movements. A red mist slowly began to wrap around him, his body shaking violently as it took hold.

“No, no, no…I…I can still…I can…” he muttered in a panicked voice. His eyes rolled into his head as the red mist reached them. With a forceful pull, it ripped away and disappeared into the air, stealing Stones' last breath with it. His body began to shrivel and burn from the inside out in an intense glow that didn’t spread beyond him.

The police officer’s partner arrived in the doorway just in time to see the horror, his young eyes wide in shock. His partner lay dead in front of a bloody Galahad with another man squashed up against the wall, the life sucked out of him as he shrivelled and burnt into a charred mess.

“Officer down! I repeat, Officer down! Multiple casualties! We need that backup now!” he screamed into his chest radio. One hand trembled on his gun, barely able to keep it aimed at Galahad.

The moment’s hesitation gave Galahad his chance and he quickly jumped out of the way, leaping back towards the kitchen area, out of the officer’s line of sight.

“Do not engage, backup en route” a voice echoed through the radio.

Galahad doubted the young officer would have anyway, he knew that look of fear and shock.

“G…Galahad?” Jesse’s father breathed out heavily, his head covered in sweat, the mere effort to speak exhausting him.

Galahad turned to him, the man shuddering as he did.  Galahad had assumed Jesse’s Father would not remember anything while under the control of the magic.

“It’s…. it’s true?” he said. A look of shock rippled across his face as he began to shake.

Galahad nodded, still very much aware of the officer just around the corner of the door. He didn’t want to get shot again, or risk the young man panicking any further.

“All of it” he said simply. He looked Jesse’s Father dead in the eye, holding his gaze.

Through the hole in the wall which Fredericks had crashed, Galahad noticed a red glow, and heard the same grim sucking sound, the same forced exhalation of a final breath as he no doubt shrivelled and burned like Stones before him. No loose ends would be left. She was ruthless.

Time had come to leave. The police backup would soon arrive and the parents would be safe, taken away to be properly protected. He still had much he wanted to ask the Father, but that would have to wait. He had more than enough to follow up on, but he had to be free to do so, and couldn’t risk a full-on confrontation with the law. He had to find out who this woman, no, this evil sorceress, was.

He turned to exit toward the back of the house, but as he did, Jesse’s Father spoke once more in a pleading voice drawn between desperate breaths.

“Galahad…find her…. please, promise me” he stumbled across and took his hand, his eyes desperately searching Galahad’s.

“You find her and bring her back to me, you hear? You bring my girl back to me!”

“You have my word” Galahad said, firmly grasping his hand before letting go and heading toward the back door.

“She’s strong Galahad!” Jesse’s Father’s voice trailed off as he began to sob, "...she's strong..."

“I expect nothing less” Galahad replied as he swiftly exited into the night.

**|** **|****|** **|** 

What the hell was he doing back in this old town?

Mike Huber pulled up to the Harbinger residence in his standard hire vehicle exhausted from his long journey. It had been years since he’d been back here, his home town. Grand Junction, Colorado.

Was it just a coincidence, or something more? Everything he had been investigating, culminating in a mystery that came from the very town he was born and bred.

A lot had changed in the place, but the streets, the mountains and most of the buildings were still the same. He remembered playing soccer on that field, having his first drink in that bar. Finding love for the first time round the back of the football field of that school. Damn, it was nostalgic. Didn’t make him feel any younger, though.

He was pushing into his 50s with what seemed like a quickening pace, much to quick for his liking. Each year brought with it more pains and niggling ailments, some new, some old, paying him back for his reckless youth and other misadventures. The car he was in didn’t really help matters either. It was so damned uncomfortable. Stupid agency regulations.

As he pulled up, he checked his appearance in the rear-view mirror.

“Not bad, not bad at all” he muttered as he combed through his thick grey hair with his hand. A kind face stared back, slightly weathered from his love of the outdoors and neatly bordered with a grey goatee. Sipping the last of his herbal tea, he put back on his black Raybans and swung open the car door.

Although he put on his sunglasses in a cool and casual motion, his exit from the vehicle was anything but.

“God damnit, arghh” he cursed under his breath, back pain raking through him as he slowly stood to his full height. Still tall by most standards, he had lost a few inches somewhere along the way, as if his spine was being squashed. Felt like it was, at least.

Breathing in deep he took a moment until the pain subsided. A tentative step later, when he was sure no lasting damage was done, he strolled down the path to the house, lifting rather than ducking the police tape that surrounded it. Too late, the groups of people loitering outside the tape tried to see who he was. It was a mixture of reporters and fans, some others holding pictures and tributes. Ignoring them, he proceeded to the house.

“I’m sorry Sir, police investigation, you can’t enter here” a young tall officer said as he approached.

“Good morning officer. I’m Agent Huber, FBI. Come to see if I can be any help today” he replied politely and with a genuine smile as he held out his hand and badge. As his mother had used to say, manners didn’t cost a thing. Even if you did feel like complete crap.

The young man seemed taken aback by his genial approach, no doubt expecting some stiff and condescending suit with the mention of ‘FBI’. That wasn’t Mike at all, and more than that, he’d been a budding young officer once himself. Cautiously, the officer extended his hand and firmly shook Mike’s, his own smile breaking out as he did.

“Officer Maloney, Sir. Good to have you with us. Let me see if I can get the Sherriff for you” he said, turning and walking ahead into the house.

The young officer entered, and Mike decided to wait outside. He needed a moment to collect his thoughts, to get into the right state of mind.

Woken up at 4am by an alert that answered all his wildest dreams, he’d been on the first flight out. If the reports he had heard were true, this could be the breakthrough of a lifetime, in his biggest case. The case.

Violent crimes were his thing, and before that, drugs. Not many were better than Mike at getting inside the head of a criminal, somehow knowing how they thought, or what they would do next. His name had been made on the back of some pretty big busts, first as a young police officer, then in the FBI, where he quickly became a lead investigator.

It had all been going so well, until that one investigation that changed everything, the one that turned his life upside down, and nearly killed him in the process.

It had been your run of the mill inter-state drug operation headed up by one hell of a scary looking fellow, Jose Domingo. He had the kind of face that made babies cry and dogs run scared.

It hadn’t been hard to get Jose’s number, and soon they had him trapped. Mike had been part of the team that went to apprehend him. He always liked to get as close as possible to the action.

It had looked like an easy win, and more than that, a chance to kill two birds with one stone. Some other unknown group, calling themselves the 1SG, were to make a deal with Jose.

What happened that day, Mike had never been able to understand.

The entire SWAT team that were sent in to apprehend Jose were killed, almost instantly. The crazy thing? Jose had been alone, unarmed, the 1SG yet to show. While the team outside stood dumbstruck as the comms went dead, Jose had exited the building laughing, covered in blood. Mike and his fellow agents had opened fire, but nothing had seemed to put him down. He had just kept coming.

One by one the rest of Mike’s team were killed, Jose’s strength and speed supernatural, literally pulverising them to death. Not much scared Mike, but that day, he had been petrified. He had only been able to watch as body parts flew over head and the street turned into a river of blood.

Jose had finally got to Mike, and laughing manically, thrown him 30ft across the sidewalk, smashing and crumpling his body into a car like a rag doll. That was his back done, along with several other parts. Jose hadn’t been finished with him, either. Ripping a hydrant out of the ground he had approached Mike with it raised high like the water that was spurting from the hole it had left.

“Bye, bye amigo” he had laughed as the red metal had come down in a blur. Mike could have sworn that as it did, Jose’s eyes had been burning just as red as the thing in his hand.

And then it had stopped. In the daze that Mike was seeing through, he thought he saw an Angel. A young blonde man, swatting the hydrant away, and with one blow striking his hand straight through the rampaging Jose.

On the edge of consciousness, he heard Jose hissing his last words as the light in his eyes went out.

“Who....who are you?”

"Galahad, and you, are dead" the angel had responded as he discarded the lifeless body from his hand.

The next moment, Mike had been scooped up like he was 260 grams rather than pounds, the Angel like man taking him to safety.

“Galahad? Like Sir Galahad?” Mike had said, delirious with the pain and spitting the words with blood.

“The one and the same, young man, but let’s keep that between us. You need help.”

Mike had then passed out.

The recovery had been long and hard, but upon returning to work, he had been a man on a mission. A mission to discover what really happened that day and why so many good people had had to die.

Everyone had thought him crazy when he had shared his version of events, hell, even Mike did, questioning them on more than one occasion. They stuck by him though, allowing him to investigate despite his involvement. He was the best after all. His family weren’t as accommodating. Mike didn’t keep secrets from anyone, especially family, but the fact that he still worked this case was his only concession. The more he investigated, however, the crazier it became.

Reports of Galahad were few and far between, more myth than man. The 1SG were just as illusive, but obviously connected. The acronym stood for ‘The first sons of Galahad’. From what he could tell, they believed they were descendants of the Sir Galahad from popular Arthurian legend, a gang lost in a Fairy Tale, or so it had seemed.

On the other side, his investigations had been more fruitful. He’d found a few reports of men matching the abilities Jose possessed. Wherever he followed them, burnt corpses and strange tales were abound.

And then this. 15 years down the line. A violent crime with burnt corpses. A man the parents had identified as ‘Galahad’. The mention of strange powers and unexplainable happenings. Red eyes. The report had been literally everything he had been hoping for and more, connecting it all together. Would he at last be able to find out what happened? Retirement would not rest easy with him until this mystery was solved, he knew. He wanted his reputation back and this thing done.

The crowd behind the police line were rowdy and excited, and getting louder. Some had their phones out recording the events, others trying to get air time for their various posters. Had they no common decency? A family home had been destroyed. People had been murdered here, their lives ended. A young girl was missing, her parents now in hiding.

And they were celebrating like it was some kind of party, with the zeal of a cult.

Even if the whole thing was real, it had left this family, this home, in ruin. It was nothing to be happy for.

“Agent Huber, are you coming in or what?” Officer Maloney called from inside the house.

Mike said a little prayer for the girl and her family, his fallen comrades, and himself as he crossed his chest and walked in.

“Agent Huber, nice to have you with us. I hear a lot of good things about you. James Parker” a small man with a handle bar moustache said as he stepped toward him, hand extended. Judging by the badge and the beige hat on his head, he was the sheriff.

“Thanks, it’s good to be here, Sheriff. Don’t mind me, this is your crime scene. I’ll just be taking a look around if that’s ok” Mike said, removing his sunglasses and shaking the sheriff’s hand. He tried to keep things brief; he knew how the local departments liked to have things.

“No problem with me, Agent. If you need anything, let me know”

The Sheriff and the young officer exited the house, letting Mike have free reign. Cautiously, he stepped through the entrance and into the main living area.

It caught his eye immediately. Bits of wood splintered off from the damaged wall that had bent and buckled under the weight of a black leather couch. Pinned underneath was a blackened corpse, almost ash, lumps like coal having fallen off parts.

It was exactly like the previous cases. No fire damage extending to the surrounding wall, floor or couch, like they had burned from the inside out.

So, this was corpse 1, and from what he’d heard, there was one more. Looking around, it wasn’t hard to see. A person shaped hole in the side wall signalling the way. A makeshift blue tarp laid over and around, extending out into the yard.

Shrivelled up like a overcooked prawn, it lay a few metres from the house. Black and burnt to an ashen lump, just like the last. Nothing of note to see, he went to retreat inside when something flashed and reflected the early morning sun painfully into his eyes.

He stepped through the hole, carefully avoiding the corpse that smelt like a BBQ, and went to see what it was. Hidden between the long grass near the fence lay a curved dagger, no longer than his forearm. Etched down the handle were strange symbols he couldn’t read. On the hilt, a red gem sat embedded in the steel or silver it was made from. Expensive and masterly crafted, it did not look to Mike to be a common weapon at all, more like something you’d see in a museum.

Mike gulped as excitement rose in him unabated. It would be his first bit of evidence ever from one of the scenes, something real, something he could hold and touch. Quickly checking around to make sure the police hadn’t returned, he retrieved a clear bag from inside his suit jacket. Carefully he lifted the dagger, holding it through the bag to avoid his own prints. It felt heavy, and slightly warm, perhaps from being exposed in the sun and then trapped in the humid heat beneath the tarp.

It wouldn’t be hard to glean the fingerprints using his field kit, and when back at the hotel he would run them against the central database. A solid lead. Once more checking around, he slid it into the inside pocket of his jacket.

Feeling energised by the discovery, he stood, wiping his brow, and headed back inside. Maybe there was more to be found.

The place was a mess, but aside from the corpse, nothing out of the ordinary was to be found. Something did catch his eye however. Near the kitchen area hung a large family portrait. It was the first time he had seen them all looking normal, aside from the various TV bits and online videos. Jesse looked so young, and she even had a little sister, something he hadn’t heard. All in all, they looked like a good family. Mike wondered if the mother had been native to the area; he didn’t recognise her face. Although, not many people he had known around here would recognise him these days, either.

Family photos hung on the wall crossed his vision with each step as he left the ground floor behind and walked up the creaky stairs to the first. Jesse aged progressively as he ascended, but the little girl never did, the photos becoming fewer. Had something happened?

Reaching the landing, a large sign on the nearest door made it clear which room was hers. “Jesse’s room: Stay out” it read in a young child’s scrawl. His own kids did the same kind of thing.

He opened the door and walked in. It wasn’t really what he had expected.

Adorning the walls were various posters of bands and movies. From Metallica to Ariana Grande, and everything in between. This girl had varied taste, for sure. A single bed with bright pink sheets was placed near the far window, a small wooden desk with lamp and laptop next to it. What drew his eyes however, was the small hand-drawn picture pinned to a board on the desk by the bed. A moon in a foggy sky, shining down on a stone, complete with trapped sword. She had talent as an artist for sure.

More than that however, had she foreseen taking the sword?

Mike still wasn’t sure what he believed, but with what he had seen in the past, he was more open than most. Folding the paper carefully, he slipped it into his pocket. On the desk next to where the drawing had been, was a photo of her and her sister. Smiling, beautiful and young. Perfect sisters. Mike had a feeling he knew what the deal was now, and he would confirm later. How hard must it have been to lose her?

There was nothing else in of interest, so he turned to leave. As he did, he noticed on the back of the door a small chalkboard. “BECOME STRONGER” chalked heavily on it in capital letters. She obviously had her reasons for writing such a thing, and Mike would find out.

He didn’t feel the need to check the parents rooms – all the action had occurred downstairs, and he’d been in Jesse’s. The dagger weighed heavy inside his suit, forming a rather large and obvious shape beneath. Better to leave now than risk the locals seeing. Slowly easing on to the steps of the stairs, predicting a shot of pain to erupt up his back any moment from the uneven steps, none came. That was weird, he thought as he quickly skipped down. Maybe he’d clicked something into place getting out of the car?

He said his goodbyes to Sheriff Parker and Officer Maloney, promising to keep them informed of anything he found. Ducking under the police line he skipped to his car, and with a swift motion, was seated. It felt strangely more comfortable than before, his back not complaining with any twitches or dull unrelenting aches…come to think of it, had he just ducked the police line? He would probably pay for it later, he thought as once again excitement at the lead he had found ran through him. Pulling away before the crowds could reach him, he sped back to the hotel.

&#x200B;

**|** **|**(Sorry if any of you viewed this and it only had half - reddit keeps deleting it! No idea why! )

**|** **|** 

Galahad was too old for this, he thought as freshly raw emotions bustled inside of him for the first time in centuries.

The initial euphoria and elation at finding Excalibur and the girl had led to a monumental come-down, bringing him firmly back to reality, the reality in which he feared nothing had really changed. The same burning questions remained as ever; the same questions that had kept him going all this time, both driving and haunting him. The hope inside him felt like salt being rubbed into old and festering wounds.

He was watching the girl’s house from across the street in his truck, deciding against his rather conspicuous bike for the task. When he had returned there after following them back, it had been surrounded by the media and fans, held back by the police who had been there in force. Now, as night approached, they were mostly gone, save for a few stragglers adding to the growing pile of tributes by the curb.

The warm summer day had turned into a wet and stiflingly humid night, the rain encouraging the last few to finally leave. Now only Galahad, concealed out of view in his truck, along with a single patrol car directly outside the property, remained. A lone solitary window in the house shone with warm light, drawing Galahads gaze through the rain drop splattered windscreen, but his focus was elsewhere, his mind refusing him any peace, the questions unrelenting.

What exactly had happened all those centuries ago, when everyone and everything dear to him had literally disappeared? What was going to happen now? Was he mad for having hope?

Without command, he slid into his memories, where a story made over a thousand years began to play out once again.

It had all begun when Galahad had first joined Arthur’s round; the proudest moment in his, at that point, relatively short life. They had reserved for him a special seat at the table, a seat only he who was destined to find the holy grail could hold. It was both an honour and a great burden; but Galahad had seen himself as worthy of the task. He was pure and strong, loyal to a fault and tenacious as a hound. It had been his destiny to join the round, and he believed, to find the grail.

Arthur had believed it too, and that, Galahad knew, made you feel like you could do anything. He had been a leader like no other: strong, fair and wise, with an intelligence and will that could overcome any problem or challenge. He made you feel like you had a purpose, like you could shape the future of the world, for the good of all.

Galahad had grown to see Arthur as a father figure in the place of his rather lacking biological version; Lancelot, who also sat at the great table. Galahad had practically been born a bastard, and although both a great man and marvellous Knight, Lancelot had had no intentions of fostering any deeper a bond with his estranged son than sharing the table at which they sat. Galahad had preferred it that way, too.

Arthur had been the father, the leader, the King, and Galahad his most powerful knight, the round his brotherhood. It was the only family Galahad had ever known.

Oh, how glorious the it had been! The power it wielded was bested by none and feared by all. With Arthur at the helm, and with great Merlin bending the forces of nature and fortune in their favour, they had created peace across the lands, winning battle after battle and conquering numerous evils.

It was during the peaceful times that followed, however, that destiny had called, weighing heavy on Galahad’s shoulders. It had been time to seek the grail, and once and for all prove his worth.

Never one for fanfare and attention, he had left quietly and alone, declaring in a letter to Arthur that he would return with the grail, or not at all. Galahad didn’t believe in backup plans.

Nor did he care for the promises of immortality that surrounded the grail’s legend. He was a man that would want to die when his time came, who would want to choose a death befitting a warrior like himself. He had strongly believed that heaven was waiting, God was watching, and that no man should live forever.

Little did he know at that time, that the quest would make him question that and everything he held dear. It would change him in far greater ways than just the removal of his mortality.

As, after a long quest and against all the odds, he found it, both his greatest achievement and his greatest regret. For the moment he had taken the grail, momentarily dazzled by its sight, something had released with a click, and a spear had shot from below him, gouging him deeply in the thigh.  He had tried to drag himself away, tried to stop the bleeding, but it was no use. It was almost as if whoever was to find the grail would be forced to drink from it, to embrace the gift, or curse, like a contract that could not be refused. He had at first resisted, but as the life faded from him in a growing puddle of red, and as the fear of failure consumed him, he had given up. With the last of his strength he had placed his lips to its cool golden rim, the power of immortality and all it offered cascading through him as the stale water trickled down his throat.

Then, quite literally, all heaven and hell had broken lose. For, while it seemed only a mortal being could have found and taken the grail from its mantel, once gone, it was free for all.

Galahad had been forced to fight his way back to Camelot; powerful demons, monsters and creatures he had never seen, appearing before him in an unending line of terror. Galahad slayed them one after the other, growing in power as he did, but it was only when the Angels had come for him that his world had fallen apart. They had offered him everything, playing on his pious soul, and he had believed them, blindly following them to heaven with the grail. What he had seen there…if that had been heaven, how could hell be any worse? The Angels knew nothing of divinity, of worship. They held no values greater than their own, looking down upon every other living thing with a disdain that made Galahad sick. Most of all, they knew nothing of god, themselves disowned and discarded, only stories and legends to tell. They were just demons wrapped in shiny white feathers; it had been lies, all of it.

With all he knew of the world destroyed, there was only one fragment of it left for him to cling on to with all his soul. He battled through to return the grail to the one thing, the one man that he did believe in. Arthur.

Even that, it seemed, was not to be.

For when he had finally returned, it was far from to a hero’s welcome. Everything had changed. Lancelot and Mordred had betrayed Arthur, Lancelot languishing in exile and Mordred left dead, the land ravaged by war. Half the round had been decimated by the fighting and split of loyalty, and It was a shadow of what he had known.

Even Arthur had changed. His recovery from near death didn’t seem complete, his movements strange and languid, the spark of life in him faded. He had lost his wife in Guinevere. He had lost his best friend in Lancelot. He had lost half his round. His kingdom was in tatters, people unsure if he was still even King. The task to recover was going to be long and arduous, but Galahad had believed him up to it. It was Arthur, after all, and Galahad would have never left his side.

Believing this, he had handed over the grail, and to his surprise, the exchange took place without so much as a question of Galahad’s mortality.

Arthur hid it away within the maze-like vaults beneath the castle, protected by might and magic, telling Galahad never to speak of it again, for it would bring great peril to Camelot. Galahad abided, looking to settle down once more take his place at Arthur’s side. Arthur, however, had had different plans; another quest, one no mortal man could complete.

There was rumoured to be a great Vampire lord deep in the mountains of France, one of the last and strongest of their kind, surrounded by mythical knights and creatures that protected and served him. Arthur had asked for his head, giving no reason, no explanation of the threat, only a clear order. A test. Galahad still remembered how those ice cold blue eyes had bored into his very soul as he gave the command.

“Bring me his head…and go alone”

It just hadn’t made sense…unless he had known? Had the signs been too clear? The quest for the grail and back had taken many years, but Galahad had returned looking younger and stronger, and unmistakably *different*.

It didn’t matter. There had been no choice. He had left the next day.

Upon arrival he had not found an enemy, far from it; they had welcomed him. They had not wanted to fight, instead, they had showed him how they had found a way to co-exist in peace with the humans...but Arthur’s word was absolute. They laughed at him when he told them to disappear before the morrow, should they wish to live. It was his only way to try and save them.

“Come”, they had said, “and you will face certain death”

Who could blame them? One seemingly mortal knight versus an army of magical beings.

The fighting that ensued was violent, bloody and long. Galahad would have died hundreds of times over in mortal terms, but the Grail’s powers healed him, gave him strength. Many innocents died in that quest, and the horrors of what he had done had not faded over time.

It had been a test, he was sure. A test of both his loyalty and of his mortality. Arthur had been betrayed by those closest to him and had wanted to ensure Galahad had been true. Galahad returned to Camelot wondering if surviving would be a failure, a sure sign that he too could not be trusted.

Nothing, however, could have prepared him for what he was to find on his homecoming. It had all been for nothing.

Camelot was gone, the round with it; literally it and the whole of Avalon simply not there, as if wiped from existence without a trace. Arthur, Merlin and the lady of the lake; missing. Half of the land was in ruin, the prominent families and clans decimated. More disturbing however was the strange affliction that was rippling across the kingdom from its centre, sucking the very memories out of its people, relegating the thought and evidence of Arthur’s legacy to fantasy and the realm of dreams. Before long, people regarded it all as a Fairy tale.

Galahad’s life’s work, all he believed in, his very existence; a fairy tale?

Even when he desperately searched for and found Lancelot, both he and Guinevere had simply become farmers, remembering nothing, with the members of the round they had taken becoming Knights of the local lords. Lancelot didn’t even know who Galahad was.

Whoever he told, they would just laugh and ridicule him, thinking him mad.

His own lands and possessions were taken, his titles, meaningless. He had truly lost everything, exchanged for the curse of immortality and the maddening confusion of the mystery he found himself in. Was it all his fault? Had it been the doing of the grail? Was it God? These were questions he had long pondered over.

The years that followed were long and dark, and Galahad had descended into madness. For an age, the only thing he lived for was war, a mercenary for hire, to fight for any cause, without care of the consequences. He couldn’t die after all, in war or otherwise, no matter how hard he tried, hoping against hope that he could forget with enough blood, enough pain.

It was not to be; for his saviour did not come in the form of pain or blood, but the form of a heavenly woman; the form of love. For a man that had devoted himself to war and god, he had never entertained the thought of taking a wife. Even more so, with the curse of immortality and the madness that consumed him, it seemed as unlikely as ever to happen.

Happen it did, and he had been pulled from the depths of his insanity, the love bringing together the fragmented shards of his soul. Against all his reservations, they started a family, and for a time, he had been truly happy, forgetting his curse, forgetting Arthur and the round. He had found something more important.

Inevitably, he had to watch them all die, one by one, slowly and sadly. The pain had been worse that anything he had felt, but the family lived on, his sons bearing sons and daughters of their own.

As his dying wife had made him promise, he had devoted himself to two things from then on; protecting the 1st sons of his lineage and returning to the values he had once held in himself, regardless of God or the round. He would be strong for those who could not, protecting people from threats they could not perceive. Protecting them from the true evils of this world. It gave him a sense of purpose, despite the overwhelming sadness.

Of course, he continued his search for answers, for Camelot, the round, and Excalibur. He had long theorised the sword may appear again and investigated any mention of it that he came across. He found nothing, but never gave up.

In the 17th Century he had followed the first line of his lineage to the new world; the Americas. It had been a savage land back then, and one full of monsters and magic. The need for his protection had been great.

Only the 1st Son of the main line would ever know of his true existence. It made it safer, made them safer, for Galahad still had many enemies and seemed to attract evil. Inevitably, they had been drawn into some of the fighting at times, becoming some what of a force against evil themselves. They called themselves the “1st Sons Of Galahad”, much to his embarrassment. They hunted monsters and evil beings, as well as generally enforced justice wherever they were, often on the fringes of the law. Galahad himself sometimes helped them, no one questioning who he was.

As the group became stronger and spread across the new land, it provided Galahad with much needed support: identity, money and resources he could call upon when needed.

It had also provided some unwanted attention in recent times, that had forced him to take a step back from the group’s activities. To focus back on his search.

His life had continued like this for a time, but the longer time passed, the more the past came back to haunt him, the more the need for answers burned within him anew. His powers, too, were growing, and nothing grew more with the passing of time than magic, which he could feel churning inside of him, uncontrollable and dangerous, needing direction that none could give. The healing powers and strength provided by the grail had also strengthened, and Galahad knew that his physical power now exceeded many times more than any normal man.

As time marched on, Galahad watched the world around him change at an ever-increasing pace. It didn’t help that he had to watch as the legend of Arthur became popular culture once more, resulting eventually in films and stories that horribly, Galahad couldn’t help but consume. In a way, they felt like he could reconnect with his past, despite the tales being glaringly false most of the time.

Then, against all the impossibilities, the sword had been found, and lifted, right in front of him, by the girl he now knew was Jesse Harbinger. She had then been whisked away in a bolt of light, by none other than Merlin, he was sure. Merlin was alive! Galahad still couldn’t believe it. Damn the excitement it shot through him every time he thought of it. If it was true, Merlin would hold the key to everything, would be able to explain exactly what had happened all that time ago, and finally give him the answers he needed. He had to get to them.

How he was going to do that, he didn’t know. All he could do for now was stay with the parents and wait for the girl to emerge.

He looked across at the house, seeing nothing out of the ordinary. It was just another house, on another street, normal cars parked on the normal drive way, a nice and neat garden at it’s front.

He was suddenly snapped out of his deep contemplation as he saw the patrol car slowly and strangely move away and down the street, just as another black van pulled onto the curb further down. Inside, two occupants eyed the house seriously while checking their surroundings After a few minutes, they silently opened the doors, and made their way to the house, their fluid movements betraying their training. They weren’t ordinary.

Galahad’s heart quickened; bad guys? Thank god! Now this was his preferred way of getting answers. He exited his truck quietly, and made his way across the street, edging closer to the house, staying in the shadows as he did.

They had wasted no time in acting, were trained, undoubtedly organised. Their clothes were well made, armoured beneath. Their eyes darted around in a practiced pattern as they advanced toward the house.

Galahad closed in.| | 

A jolt of power ran through Jesse, as her heartbeat echoed in her head with a deep and drawn out boom. She felt the power sweep through her body, filling her with strength. The heavy fog began clearing from her head, the searing pain in her sides subsiding, the feeling in her legs returning. Opening her eyes, she watched as her hand rose up, the gauntlet that covered it growing thicker and changing shape as it caught the beast’s blade and halted it’s swing in a shower of sparks. Everything seemed to be in slow motion, as the tip of the dirty sword stopped so close to Jesse’s face she could smell it, a mixture of sweat, blood and rust.

Excalibur spoke, it’s voice distant and quiet, as if waking from a deep sleep, “If we do this Jesse, we both may die. The piece I am missing Is slowly draining us both. The situation is far graver than you realise. We replace it, or we die. Using our power like this will only accelerate that fate, especially as you have not yet learned how to use or handle it…”

Jesse could feel it, as if led by Excalibur to see what it was; a deep and endless chasm within her very soul. It had the same feeling to it as the veil around her memories, and she could feel the connection to it with Excalibur, almost see his missing piece. Was this the reason to her amnesia? Merlin hadn’t said she would die…either he was trying to protect her, or he didn’t know.

“What good is holding back now if we die anyway?” she said. The questions could wait.

Time seemed to stretch as she watched the expression of the beast’s face slowly change, from solemn resignation, to pure shock, muscle by muscle. It betrayed the fact that he was not the killing machine he portrayed himself to be, the beast he wanted her to believe he was. He wasn’t enjoying this. Just like Jesse, he felt he had no choice.

“Excalibur!” she shouted in her mind.

“Be swift, Jesse.”

In answer to her plea, another wave of power crashed over her, and she rode it as it did, helping her to push back hard against the weight of the blade and jump to her feet, everything speeding back up to normal around her. The beast rocked back, unbalanced and confused at such a sudden show of power. Jesse took her chance and drove her less armoured gauntlet hard into his face, twisting as she made impact. A satisfying crunch and spray of black blood let her know it had hit home heavy and true. The thrill of landing her first blow on him swelled inside her.

The beast flew back, rolling over as he landed.

“Damn you! My face!” he screamed, clutching his nose. “Arghh!”

Her armour was changing around her as she watched, becoming thicker and sharper, the golden edges more pronounced. Where she had been hit before seemed to be reinforced, extra bands of metal folding over one another, glowing hot as they did. A thicker helmet formed around her head, small horns protruding from the back that she felt rather than saw.

The beast was shocked, reeling from the sudden pain and turn of events. He stood there, panting and watching cautiously as Jesse walked slowly over to Excalibur, putting herself between the beast and Merlin. She stepped backwards to where he lay, and while keeping an eye on the enemy, propped him up. He groaned heavily in protest, but at least he was alive.

“My staff” he moaned, as he opened his eyes, feebly reaching for it as it lay just out of reach. Jesse passed it to him, and he closed his eyes, half in a grimace of pain, half to focus, and the light within the staff flickered and danced like a flame. Jesse felt something in the way the light moved and put her hand around the thick wood beneath Merlin’s own. A similar feeling to the gate in the tunnel wrapped around her and the light grew intense, like a small blue sun, rotating and spinning. It seemed to glow in unison with the pulsating blue lines that began to run through Merlin’s veins, routing to the damaged areas on his body and glowing under his robes. His eyes were open and staring at Jesse.

“How did you…” he whispered, but Jesse was already standing, facing the beast as she grabbed Excalibur. She had no time to spare, unsure how long her powers would last.

The beast had regained its composure, silently staring at Jesse with those dark eyes of his. He looked formidable, but confidence was rising inside of Jesse.

“I didn’t want to fight you…” Jesse began, “It’s been a few days since I became like this. I can’t remember much about who I am. I have no idea what is going on. All I know is that I need to get out of here and fix this sword or I die, that’s it. It’s hopeless…but I can’t give up. I made a promise to someone important to me that I intend to keep. If you say only 1 of us can leave here, then so be it, but I won’t be holding back anymore” she said, and she meant it.

The beast’s eyebrows raised at the mention of not holding back, and he smiled.

“Not holding back? We shall see. I wouldn’t be too sure, little girl” he crouched low in his stance, ready.

Jesse sprang forward, kicking dust into Merlin’s face as she raced across the gap toward the beast. He tried to sidestep her movements, but this time she could follow him, reaching out with Excalibur aimed at his chest. The beast reacted in a flash, the swords crashing together.

She followed up with another swing, but the beast slipped away in a blur, dodging under and crashing the sword into her mid-riff. Just as he had attacked, he darted back out again, moving just out of reach as Jesse swung, the sword coming agonizingly close to his neck.  He was still faster than her, but she had hardly felt the blow of his sword this time. The armour was stronger for sure, but was he getting weaker? Perhaps he was sacrificing power for speed.

“Thought you had me didn’t you” the beast said, smiling, his nose still dripping with black blood.

“Hah, I didn’t even feel it when you struck me. Is that all you have?” she goaded him, suddenly aware of how much deeper her voice sounded coming through the helmet.

If she could get him tired, she might have a chance. After all, how much energy could he have after being in this place for so long? It was a dangerous tactic, but the only one Jesse had. Would he tire first, or would Jesse lose her power?

Angered by her comment, the beast lunged toward her. In a burst of speed, he hit her with the same pattern. Attack, dodge, move. As soon as she raised Excalibur to counter, he was out of her range, using the wind around him.

The next exchange was the same, and the next. It was futile. If she didn’t find a way to get to him, she would run out of power…and he showed no signs of tiring.

Suddenly an idea hit her, it was risky, but she had no other choice.

“Excalibur, if you reduce the armour, will I be faster?”

“Yes, Jesse, but I would not advise…”

“Do it! I need more speed! Screw everything else”

“As you wish…”

The armour that had thickened and reinforced over her body began to unfold and shrink, reducing until it was back to it’s original state and with it, some of the pain that remained from her injuries, throbbing and sore.

“The helmet too, Excalibur”

The helmet retracted around Jesse’s face, her eyes locking with the beasts as it came down around them.

“Oh, what’s this?” the beast said, “what happened to your armour little girl? You won’t last long without it”

“Too many hits…it can’t handle the damage” Jesse lied, faking the extent of her pain with a grimace.

The beast smiled, and then shot towards her, the huge sword trailing behind him at his side, the beginnings of a massive and final swing. He expected Jesse to stand and guard, it seemed. Not this time.

Jesse shot towards him, so fast that she was upon him sooner than she expected, almost face to face in an instant.

Unable to bring around his sword fast enough he tried to jam the pommel of it into Jesse’s face, but she was already ducking, just a trail of hair left above her. The beast’s belly was completely exposed, only his eyes able to track her movements below, growing wide in terror as she neared.

With all the strength and speed she could muster she drew Excalibur across his waist, cutting through the leather armour and deep into the hard muscle with a wet tearing sound. Thick, black blood oozed and sprayed heavily from the gash as the beast stumbled backwards. He tried desperately to cover the wound with one hand, as the other held himself up against his sword, driven into the ground.

The surge of power from Excalibur was incredible as the black blood dripped from the blade. Jesse heard her heart pumping hard in her ears in the same rhythm that the sword throbbed in her hands, excitement pouring into her. It felt so good she couldn’t even think...she just wanted more. A strange joy was forming inside of her, and she smiled as her eyes drew wide, her focus entirely on the beast. She didn’t care about holding back now, she just wanted more, wanted to punish this evil thing and make him pay. How dare he hurt her this way! Her eyes moved from the sword to him, and she saw the look in his eyes. Fear.

“Bloodlust” Merlin spoke, “Jesse wait!” he yelled.

Before the beast could react, she was upon him, her speed faster still. In a flash she swung the sword straight for his head, wind whipping around the movement. He raised his sword with one arm to block, unable to adjust his footing in time.  The blocked blow rocked him backwards, stumbling, as Jesse appeared at his side, running the sword across his ribs, following with another slash deeply raking down his back as she carried on behind him. Black blood rained into small puddles on the floor as the beast arched his back in pain.

Jesse, a smile etched wide on her face, flecks of black across her cheeks, watched as the beast fell to his knees.

As he did, she ran up and drove her boot into his back, sending him flying forward. His sword clattered noisily away as his face slammed into the ground, sliding over to where Merlin sat.

Merlin’s eyes moved to the beast, and then toward Jesse, seemingly unsure as to what Jesse might do.

She began to slowly step towards them. Was it over already? She wanted to fight more! She reached the crumpled heap of the beast and slammed her boot into the wound at his side, something audibly breaking as she did.

“Didn’t you want to return to your people? Didn’t you have someone you wanted to live for? What is this? Why are you so weak? No wonder a mere priest trapped you here.” The venomous words shot from her, fuelled by her insatiable desire to keep fighting.

“Jesse, that is enough, you have him bested” Merlin said, trying to back away slowly from the two of them. Jesse knew he was speaking but didn’t care.

The beast stirred, and then bit by bit began to try and raise himself off the floor. He turned to face Jesse, raising his hands with an effort bordering on exhaustion, and then smiled to her.

“Is that…” he coughed, blood spitting out of his mouth, “..all you have?” he laughed, causing himself to choke.

“No, it isn’t”

She sped forward, driving the blade through his shoulder and up into the hard rock and roots of the wall behind him, lifting him on to his toes and pinning him against it. The feeling as the blade passed through flesh and bone sent waves of pure ecstasy through Excalibur to her, every little sensation from the blade available to her senses. As it settled, it felt almost as if the blade was drawing power directly from him in growing pulses, hungrily feeding. Jesse concentrated on the feeling, pulling on it, the deep aching from the missing piece throbbing as she did. She looked on as black feathers seemed to ripple in her amour around where it held the blade in black waves, before disappearing. She closed her eyes, taking it all in as the beast groaned and grimaced in pain. She leaned in close to his face, opening her eyes and cupping his cheek in her hand, wanting to see every detail of suffering in his expression.

Suddenly, images burst into her mind, invading her thoughts with startling clarity. It was the beast, but a mere boy, surrounded by others like him. His family. She could feel feelings of warmth and love, see a beautiful woman hugging him tightly, “my fearsome little warrior prince” she said as she kissed his head and held his cheeks. A doting father appeared, a King, ruffling his feathers, the boy so innocent and happy, willing to do anything to win his affection. The images then faded slowly to darkness, pure and consuming, echoes of screams and fear calling all around. The feelings snapped Jesse out of her rampaging trance as she tried to draw away from the vision, a phrase remaining on her lips, echoing in her mind.

“My fearsome little warrior… prince” she barely whispered as she opened her eyes, focusing on what was in front of her. She backed away quickly, shocked at the sudden realisation at what she was doing.

“Bloodlust” Merlin said again, staring at her. This time Jesse heard it.

The beast’s eyes had shot open, shock across his face as he stared straight at Jesse.

“What happened to you?” Jesse continued, softly, still shaken. The fight had gone from her, and in its place was something else entirely.

“How could you know that?” the beast asked, tears forming in its eyes. The feathers began to retreat away from his neck, receding back up his arms, his body reducing in size. Was it a calm coming over him, or the damage he had taken?

“I don’t know” Jesse replied, “I just…saw it…heard it”

“Such a strange…” he stopped as his face twisted in pain, “little girl” he finished through gritted teeth and sharply inhaled.

He had shrunk so much in size that his feet were now off the floor, dangling in the air, his weight fully and painfully on the blade. Jesse cautiously approached and, holding one hand against him, carefully pulled Excalibur out and away, having to twist slightly as she did. Black blood sprayed form the wound in a long spurt before it dribbled and ceased, the feathers quickly closing and swelling over it like a bandage, locking into place.

He fell to the ground, shouting in pain as he landed and slumped back against the wall.

Jesse felt horrible. Fighting an evil beast, she had felt sure of her actions. Now, she felt only guilt as she stood over him, seeing him for what he was.

“My little warrior prince…my mother was the only one to ever call me that” he said, smiling, “I’d almost forgotten” he added, coughing heavily.

“She always made me feel so strong, so loved. Her and my Father, they were my world. He was the King, and she his Queen, and they ruled fairly. We conquered evils, worked alongside the other creatures and mankind, and lived a beautiful life high in the mountains”

He paused, a bout of pain gripping him. He remained silent until it subsided, and then slowly, he continued.

“Nothing good ever lasts. There was a battle against a great evil, and only a few good men returned. My Father was not among them. My Uncle took the throne, for I was to young still to ascend. He was never one for peace. He craved battle, despised the other races, and wanted power more than anything else. He banished me and my family out of fear I would one day challenge him, and started a war upon man”

“It was doomed. Man had grown strong and too great in number. They began hunting our kind, myths and legends spreading among them about our supposedly evil ways. The priests took it upon themselves to label us as the source of evil and perpetuated the lies. They hunted and attacked our kind relentlessly”

“My uncle too, had begun to search for us, wanting to take my own bride as his, for her beauty had no equal…”

He was fighting back tears, stifling moans that rocked his body, looking away to collect himself.

“We were constantly trapped and fearful, always running. On the day my wife disappeared, the priest whose skull you saw said he knew where she was hidden. He led me here…and here I have remained ever since”

“I failed her. I failed my people and now I have failed at my only chance of redemption. Just finish me, little girl. Give me a good death, let me atone for my sins and failings” he dropped his head, as if waiting for Jesse to take it off.

“Why?” Jesse asked, “Why do you have to die? I don’t want to kill you! Do you not understand that?” Jesse yelled, realising that it probably didn’t seem that way at all.

“All I want is to survive this, get out of this…. tomb. I want to fix this damned sword and get my memories back, find out who the hell I am! I want to get my life back! I want to find my family and keep my promise. It’s all I have! You shouldn’t give up on yours! If they don’t have you, who do they have? Your family, your wife, and your people may need you now more than ever. Why be so selfish and die here? That’s just running away! Why not get the hell up, help us get out of here, and save them all? Be the hero!”

The beast looked up at Jesse and met her gaze.

“I…. how can…. how can I trust you? How can you trust me? How do you know that as soon as your back is turned that I won’t run my sword through you? Visions of the child are by no means to judge the man he becomes, little girl. The world is full of deceit and lies. Best you trust no-one. Not even that wizard” he looked across at Merlin, who smiled weakly.

“Especially not him” he added, looking away.

“I do trust him. I need him, there is no one else” Jesse said, her gaze unwavering.

Jesse couldn’t explain, but she just knew. The visions had shown her more than just images from his youth, they had shown her the core of his soul. Whatever had happened, she knew he had a pure and just heart, despite the desperate raging beast she had seen here, born from solitude and eternal regret.

“He is worthy, Jesse”, Excalibur said suddenly in her mind.

Worthy of what, she didn’t know, but she knew she could trust the beast.

“I will trust you. I know you won’t betray me” she said.

The beast seemed to consider this for a moment, as he sat there breathing heavily against the wall, his breath steadier and more regular than before. The blood had stopped spilling from his wounds, and Jesse couldn’t be sure, but he seemed to be healing incredibly fast.

“Then let us try and leave this place. If what the priest said is true, if only one of us can leave, then you will help end my life honourably. If not, then I will be in in your debt, in your service until I can repay you. On one condition however; I be allowed to find my family once you have fixed your…damned sword”

“Deal” said Jesse. Relief cascading through her. She wasn’t sure how she felt about having someone ‘in her service’ but she might need his help if she was going to get through this, if she was going to be able to get back to her own family. Ultimately, they both wanted the same thing.

Instinctively, she reached out her hand, and as the beast took it, a glow began to surround their arms that also extended to Excalibur on Jesse’s other hand. A deep feeling of trust and understanding seemed to radiate between the two of them. Before she knew it, she had raised Excalibur and rested it on the beast’s shoulder, the blade vibrating so strongly it seemed to be humming.

“What is your name?” she heard herself say.

“Goemon” he said, his head bowed to her.

“Rise, Goemon” she said, not even realising she had.

He tried to stand, but stumbled into a kneel in front of Jesse, still holding her hand, his head still bowed. He flinched as from Excalibur came a blinding burst of golden light that surrounded him completely, even extending out to his sword.

“What is this?” he asked, a slight tone of panic in his voice as he waved his hand in front of his face.

“I …don’t know” Jesse said, looking at Merlin, backing away slightly as she did.

Merlin shrugged, “I’ve never seen this before…” he whispered, his eyes wide and glued to the spectacle.

As the glow intensified, Jesse stumbled, a sudden dizziness coming over her, the ache inside her growing. When the glow began to fade away, so did the pain. Both Merlin and Jesse gasped at what they saw before them.

“Beautiful!” Merlin exclaimed, clasping his hands together.

“Jesse” Excalibur said flatly inside her mind as she took in what she was seeing, “it is done. He is bound to us. One of Arthur’s greatest mistakes was to let anyone with great skill, power or knowledge join his closest circle, his round table, believing his leadership and power apt to overcome any shortcomings. It led to his demise, and the same mistake will not be made again. I have shared a small portion of our power with him, in return for a little bit of his. I have searched his heart and soul. He will not betray us, nor could he…”

Jesse wasn’t sure exactly what that meant, but Goemon looked…incredible.

His sword had taken on a golden hilt with bright silver edges along its now pristine blade, a long dragon etched down its length in smooth golden lines. The same golden and silver colours could be seen in Goemon’s own feathers around his arms and through his hair, and his dark eyes were now an unmistakable and dazzling blue.

He rose to his feet, standing there appraising himself, admiring his new blade and his reflection in it. His injuries had mostly healed, his body now moving much more freely than before.

“This is amazing” he said, his confused expression changing to a wide smile, “I feel so good, look at my feathers! My eyes!” he shouted.

“…and my sword! It has a dragon now!” he added, gesturing wildly at it like a kid with a new toy.

Merlin, who had also nearly healed from his own damage, interjected.

“It is the mark of the pendragon, Goemon. The mark of the old Kings of my land and their power, which Jesse now carries inside of her, and inside of Excalibur, the sword. The same mark displays on Jesse’s helmet, when it, err, pops out. I believe it is symbolic of your arrangement”

Jesse hadn’t known it was on her helmet too. She made a mental note to really look at herself once they were through all of this.

“Jesse…” Goemon said, staring at her. “Thank you…you have given me hope again” and turning to Merlin, added,” …and you wizard…”

“Merlin” Merlin offered, extending his hand, Goemon just stared at it before bowing his head low.

“Merlin, I am sorry for before. The sword showed me flashes, visions. I know I am to trust you and the girl, and that you are not evil…even if you look like a priest”

“I understand why you did what you did, Goemon, and why Jesse reacted how she did. It is nothing, really” Merlin said, smiling.

“…but such power” he carried on, raising his hands to look at them, “it might just be possible…”

“What?” both Merlin and Jesse asked.

“Escaping this place…”

&#x200B;

| |**|** **|** 

Shortly after Jesse left the room, so did Merlin. Shuffling away while mumbling things to himself, he looked more than a little suspicious, much to Goemon’s annoyance. Whatever it was about the man, he just couldn’t bring himself to completely trust him. Jesse, he did, and more than that, he felt a simple and pure duty towards her. To protect her, to guide her, and to keep them both from whatever horrible fates awaited.

Fates such as the one that had been branded in warning across the boulder in the cave. The boulder had been destroyed, but the warning remained stark and vivid in his mind. It reminded him that although he had escaped the clutches of the hellish tomb, he was now fully ensnared in an even greater mystery, one laden with danger. For himself, and for his home land. Proceeding with caution was a must.

On that note and while resisting the temptation to turn on the magical ‘TV’, he jumped up. Now he had other plans.

Spy on Merlin.

As he entered the narrow corridors that wrapped around and through the temple, his feathers and skin began to prickle in reaction to the subtle air currents that were flowing through. Lifting his centre of gravity, he began to pull and push against them like a swing. After a few skips, he was hurtling down the corridor in near silence and great speed, like gliding downstream through rapid waters. It was effortless and fast; just how he liked things.

Reaching his room and swinging through the doorway, he quickly paused to take what he had come for; the shimmering cloak of white feathers. Raising a palm in its direction, the coat billowed up to hang on a perfectly weighted gust of wind. With a spin, he rose up into the cloak as it settled across his shoulders with a gentle drop.

Pulling across the weighty metal buckle at its front and flipping up the hood, he disappeared…more or less. In dim light he would be extremely difficult to see, especially when moving at high speed. In direct sunlight however, and when still, the air would blotch and bubble in a rough bodily shape, visible if you knew what to look for. The longer the cape was on, the more obvious it was to see.  Still, it was his treasure; the last gift he had ever received from his Father.

Darting back out after hesitantly leaving behind his heavy sword, he landed deftly on the sill of the large open bay outside his room. Casting his gaze upwards, he spotted a boulder high on the mountain side. In the open air his senses tingled with the sensations of the wind, revealing its paths before him like sun beams angled in a prism. Choosing one, he jumped, catching the breeze and riding it up to his rocky perch with ease.

From his vantage point there he could see the temple, it’s exits, and all the favourite spots Merlin liked to frequent. Also visible was the winding creek path that led along the river towards the first few houses, that led to a town, that led to a monstrously huge City.  With reluctance he looked, blinking his eyes. He still couldn’t believe it. It snatched his breath, thoughts, and very sense of reality away every time he laid eyes upon it. Buildings as tall as the sky loomed great in the distance, square and foreboding, uncountable in number, as far as the eye could see. How many people lived within this great expanse? The sheer scale was unimaginable, as if the world had somehow increased in size.

In his faded memories he could still see how it used to be: beautiful rolling views of farms and nature, balanced and pure. Humans had had their land, their ways, but the animals and the magical creatures too had had theirs. How could that possibly be now? With this great a number? With all this ‘technology’?

He flinched as a great metal bird roared through the sky as if to drive home his thinking.

Time had moved on, and left him mercilessly behind, the impact of its passing only striking him once free.

When he had been trapped away inside the tomb, he had still been young, only a few hundred years old, just barely an adult in the eyes of his people. Young and so, so naïve. Now he was a child no more, but what had he done? What had he learned? He had missed so many of the rites of passage, the tests, and the teachings of his people. In their place, trapped in his prison, he had feared, he had killed, and he had lost everything. Jesse had relit the flame, destroying the warped and confused monster and from the pieces, bringing the man behind it back to life, stronger and with hope.  His pledge to her, his word, was all he had. Without it, he would be nothing more than the beast.

It gave him a purpose, one that he could feel with all his being despite the words to express it escaping him. He had to stay true to the feeling, stay true to Jesse. Everything else would follow: his family, all the answers, everything.

Even the damned prophecy.

Goemon slammed his fist into the rock beneath him in frustration, much to the alarm of birds that fled from their branches at the booming sound.

The priest had shown him the old scrolls that had told of the temple’s past…but that was not all they had revealed. They had foretold of his return, of the great storm that would herald his arrival, his emergence from the cave…the arrival of the *true* Tengu King. It said he would arrive magnificent and in divine control of all the great Tengu powers: rain, wind and thunder. Taking his rightful place, he would not only be King to his people, but of all magical creatures of the land, uniting it in peace and glory. The catch? A sacrifice, a death of someone close and dear to him.

Goemon let out a breath and sighed. There was always death. Distracting himself for a moment, he checked around the temple for any signs of Merlin. He still hadn’t ventured outside yet, it seemed.

Damn this prophecy…it was all he could think of.

Yes, his Father had been King. Yes, Goemon was the rightful heir…but his Father and *only* his Father had been able to use more than one of the powers. Even then, thunder had been so weak it was more a trick than anything; a little shock on the back of the head when misbehaving, a booming shout that rolled through the walls to call them, or a quick flash of light in the dark to bring a bed-time tale to life. The power hadn’t been seriously used amongst his people since the demise of the great thunder clans thousands of years before.

Rain, on the other hand, was common, but weak. Very weak. Rain Tengu were the lower-class warriors or workers, only very rarely ascending to power. Stories were told of a great rain master who had made oceans swell and crash upon the land, but in most cases, the power gave nothing of the sort. Subtle water manipulation, greater speed when swimming or redirection of the flows somewhat was the best they could hope for. Outside of the tales, it was useless.

Goemon had been listening to the priest in a state of disbelief, until the last section, revealing something that made it all very, very real, and quite undeniable. It had sent his feathers standing on end and the wind swirling around him.

It had been a drawing of *him*, but not as he had been. As he was *now*.

Golden and shining, his blade emblazoned with the dragon, blue eyes shining and trailing across the ink stained paper. Irrefutable proof that he was the intended target.

Goemon sighed again. How could he ignore that?

It was him, for sure, but it just didn’t add up. He couldn’t use the powers, and there was one more aspect that the scroll had failed on. Upon his resurgence and before the storm’s end, it had written that messengers would arrive to receive him, to take him to his coronation.

That hadn’t happened, and Goemon couldn’t decide if he was relieved or not.

In many ways, he had realised that being trapped in the tomb had saved his life. The way things had been going, it would have been only a matter of time before his Uncle had killed him. With him gone, the threat posed by the true heir would have been reduced, taking the danger away from his family, giving them a chance to live.

But what would he have done if he had discovered this prophecy? Why hadn’t they destroyed the temple? What had happened?

He shook his head. At any rate, caution was needed, and until he knew more he would not worry the others with it or waste his time thinking. Jesse was already overloaded, and he was pretty sure Merlin was a mess, maybe even dangerous. Glancing once more back at the sprawling metropolis in the distance he wondered.

*They may have foreseen my return, but did they foresee the power of man? I dearly hope they have survived.*

The thought led him into a melancholy trance as his eyes were pulled into the horizon, the calm sounds of nature sounding around him, the breeze passing through the trees in steady flows as the sun warmed the rock beneath his legs.

“Kuma, please go back inside…Kuma…stop” he heard a voice below.

Opening an eye, he peeked down. There was Merlin, in his robes, trying and failing to keep Kuma, the little beastly pup, from following him. A futile task.

Giving up, Merlin stared at the puppy for a moment, and then, as if in resignation, turned around and began to walk to the tranquil garden that bordered around the temple. Prancing along triumphantly after came the dog, tail wagging. As Merlin sat on a bench across from a small pond, Kuma also sat at the edge of the space under a bush, looking out from the shade. A soft breeze passed through, lightly disturbing the sand like dirt that lay between lush growths of grass before gently lifting at Merlin’s beard. The small trees that were dotted around the space were finely sculpted into neat and round shapes that remained still, like an expectant audience at attention for the wizard. Kuma’s furrowed gaze never left him; the audiences most ardent member.

“You too, Kuma?” Goemon said quietly, a smirk irresistibly spreading along his lips. Evidently, he was not the only one to be having doubts over the wizard.

Merlin settled in his seat, hands nestled in the sleeves of his robes, his eyes closed.

Now, this would be the first test: Kuma had occupied the Wizard’s senses on the way out, but now he was calm and focused, would he notice Goemon? Surely, a wizard as famed as he would.

Goemon couldn’t be sure, but before he knew it, a few hours had passed. The sun moved across the sky as Kuma trudged here and there between his dutiful watch, drinking water and returning to the cool shade, laying down. Merlin had either not noticed, or ignored Goemon.

Merlin was like a statue, only the slight swells and falls of his robes betraying the fact he was breathing. Goemon expanded his senses, guiding his energy into the crown of his head and 3rd eye, rotating the energy in swirls projecting forward. Using the enhanced vision this afforded him, he squinted, zooming in. Merlin was sweating, profusely, an almost unnoticeable tremble accompanying it in his shoulders. In the wizard’s chest beat a frantic heart in quick bursts.

The quality of air around Merlin was beginning to change, the currents less predictable and charged with volatile power, changing velocity in unnatural ways. If Goemon concentrated too deeply on them, it was like he was almost able to hear whispers and groans between the gusts, like wind passing over an instrument out of tune. Merlin was doing something, making his move. Whatever it was, it just didn’t feel right.

Kuma stood up, his hair on end, and began to growl low and deep. Credit to the little pup, he was standing his ground; he had a heart like a lion. What could he sense that would make him react so?

Against his better judgement, Goemon decided to hold it out and see where Merlin was going with this. Maybe this was just how his powers worked?

The lack of weight across his shoulders cast doubt in his mind, wishing he had brought his trusty sword. It was not that he feared the wizard, but magic, he knew, was unpredictable…

He shrugged lightly and dropped his shoulders. Relax, he told himself. You’ve got this covered.

Merlin was a weak and fragile wizard who had put up next to no fight in the cave. A quick swoop with a strong fist would be enough to stop him if things got out of hand.

As the air fizzed and popped around him, somehow, he just didn’t feel sure it would be that easy.

**|** **|**| | 

Any hope Jesse had gained from the pact with Goemon was quickly forgotten as they entered the dark and dreary tunnel. Goemon led the way, his body and movements showing no sign of damage, followed by Merlin, also looking rather spritely despite the beating he had taken. He provided the light for them all to follow as Jesse lagged behind, her body still sore and painful in all too many places. Their footsteps echoed against the tunnel’s strange cobbled stone path that led between walls on either side that were disturbingly alive. The roots that made them resembled snakes or giant worms more than the static roots of the chambers before, constantly slipping and sliding against each other, making strange sucking sounds as they did.

As Jesse looked at them, she suddenly jumped with fright. Things were stuck between them; bits of armour, bones, skulls…moving from deep inside out to the surface and then being pulled back in a constant and nauseating rhythm.

“Stay away from the walls” Goemon advised noticing Jesse’s shock, “These vile things are not like the ones below, and once they have you in their grasp, it is nigh impossible to break free again, like some of these poor souls discovered”

He pointed to another skull deep in the roots, still moving as if alive as the roots tugged and slid against it.

“After accepting my fate, I spent a great number of years covered by my cape in a deep meditative state. Many adventurers found themselves trapped, with not even a monster to fight. This was their fate” he said, almost sadly.

It was very creepy, Jesse thought, shuddering at the sheer number of them. Along the floor too, she could see broken bits of bone laying scattered between the cobbled stones like discarded pens, mad scratchings on the larger stones evident of their use. She began to quicken her pace until she came alongside Merlin, deciding to push through the pain.

On they went, for what seemed like miles. She was tired, hungry and thirsty, her energy levels dropping by the second. The sound of water overhead didn’t help her thirst at all, the gentle sounds of a stream gradually turning into a roaring crescendo.

“What is that?” she said, looking up at Goemon as they walked.

“There is a waterfall above this place, lying at the end of a creek between the mountains. It is very beautiful” he said, his gaze still locked ahead.

Jesse suddenly had a thought, “Goemon, where are we exactly? This land, your country”

“How can you not know that, but speak my language? This is Nippon” he answered simply, the translation in Jesse’s head failing for a moment.

She pointed over to Merlin as Goemon looked at her, incredulous. Merlin just smiled that cheesy smile of his and waved his staff.

“I see” said Goemon, returning his attention forward.

“Japan” she said to herself once her brain had made sense of the word.

“We’re in Japan?” she questioned, turning to Merlin.

Merlin looked at her as if it were obvious, “Jesse, Nimue said she would send Arthur and I away as far from each other as she could. Taking England as a starting point, it is about as far away as you can get in one direction, more or less. It makes sense. I knew from when I got my powers back that we were far away, but I didn’t know it was… Japan. I wonder what it is like now…”

“You’ve been here before?”

“I’ve been everywhere, my child” he said with a wink.

Jesse supposed that being as old as he was, with the powers he possessed, he probably had.

“I’d like to hear about some of your travels some time” she said honestly, while also trying to take her mind off the terrifying walls.

“All in good time Jesse, but now, we have more pressing matters to attend” he pointed ahead, as the tunnel widened and grew tall, and what Jesse assumed was the gate appeared gradually as the glow from Merlin’s staff illuminated it.

It was a monstrous entanglement of wet and messy roots, much thicker than the gate before and those around them, with no visible opening or any kind of pattern to it. It kind of reminded Jesse of a giant brown sea anemone, but far more sinister looking. As they approached, Goemon raised his hand to his side, warning Merlin and Jesse to stop. Lifting a skull that lay on the floor near them, he threw it into the space ahead. Roots suddenly flicked outwards in a blur, catching the skull mid-air before snapping back into place, the skull being squeezed and pulled deep until there was a loud popping sound that echoed down the tunnel like a gun shot. A horrible smell began to fill Jesse’s nostrils, like bad eggs mixed with mould, as if the whole thing was rotten.

“Once I tried to fight my way through. I only made it as far as where it starts before I was forced to retreat or be swallowed up. I resigned myself to thinking the only way through was as the priest had said…” Goemon said, still staring forward.

“But now, with this power, and you to help Jesse, I think maybe we might be able to force our way through...”

“I also may be able to lend a hand” Merlin said, raising his staff and pointing it towards the roots. “My magic is still weak, but I think I can at least slow it down and give us a fighting chance”

He closed his eyes and mumbled some strange words as a blue beam shot from his staff and into the mass of roots, a piercing shriek accompanying it that seemed to fluctuate like a guitar string being tuned. As if inhaling, the roots reeled back and shuddered before slowly resuming their writhing movements, but less energetically than they had before.

Goemon picked up a piece of armour from the floor and threw it forward. This time it hit the floor and rolled noisily before it was grabbed and sucked into the writhing mass. The reaction was heavily delayed.

“Fantastic work Wizard! Now, stay close, and let us begin. Merlin, you come between Jesse and I, lest you be felled accidentally like one of the roots” he said, as his feathers began to extend and his physique swell out with muscle.

Forward they went as it began reaching out towards them. Jesse and Goemon hacked and slashed, making quick progress to the gate. Within seconds, they were at the wall, trying to push deeper into the mass, but the roots became even thicker and more numerous, two appearing for every one they removed, endless and untiring.

“It’s no use!” Goemon shouted, his sword getting hooked and tangled as he desperately fended off an ever-increasing number.

Jesse too, was having no more luck, almost getting sucked in herself.

“Fall back!” shouted Merlin, and the 3 of them slowly retreated while fending off the last of the roots that still stretched for them.

Cut-off roots lay all around them as they breathed heavily, the gate remaining undamaged, more roots and vines replacing those they had taken down.

They wouldn’t be able to make it through like this. If they couldn’t, Goemon and Merlin might survive until a saviour came their way, but Jesse wouldn’t. She probably wouldn’t even last a week.

Goemon looked dark, his thoughts written clearly on his face. No matter what he said, she was never going to help him end his life. Not only did she doubt it would do anything to help, there had to be another way.

In her mind’s eye, images of herself holding Excalibur aloft with both hands began to form, her eyes closed with her brow furrowed in intense concentration. In the vision, she suddenly brought Excalibur down, aiming the swing at the gate but from a distance, an explosion of light shining out towards the gate. It was so clear in her mind that Jesse knew it had to be Excalibur showing her what to do. It didn’t need words; she could feel the movements. After the flash faded she could see them running through as fast as they could, straight after the blast, roots closing quickly and dangerously behind them.

Jesse explained to Goemon and Merlin.

“Give it a try. I can provide the speed, if you both hold onto me” Goemon said, somewhat reluctantly.

“OK” replied Jesse, “as soon as I do it, we go” she said, trying to sound sure, when in truth she was anything but.

Merlin was sweating, the staff still glowing strong, “I can’t hold the spell for much longer, so the sooner the better” he said.

Jesse stepped back, warding the others off behind her. She felt Excalibur begin to glow warm with energy as she held it aloft, the feeling growing as she began to push all her focus into the blade. Her focus drew to the sword’s edge, so infinitely sharp it seemed endless. It was here, right at the edge, where her focus held and like a spark lit it ablaze, rocking her hands with the force it created. She held until she began to feel her grip failing, the blade vibrating in her hands uncontrollably and feeling hotter and heavier by the second.

Just as she reached her limit, she swung the sword as hard as she could, bringing it down and towards the gate, releasing the tension she had felt as she extended her arms. A huge golden arc of energy flashed out from Excalibur and smashed into the roots. Just as it did, she felt her feet come off the floor as Goemon roared, grabbing her and Merlin and dashing through after the wave, air whooshing past their faces.

As they entered the opening Jesse could feel the roots closing fast behind them, just as fast as the wave opened the way ahead. They seemed to go on forever, just how thick was it? The light burning a path ahead was growing dimmer by the second, the gap becoming smaller. Suddenly, they saw the space ahead open and they were through, Goemon launching them both from his arms while he turned to slash the roots that threated to pull them back in. Slowly he backed towards them until he was out of range, and then collapsed on the floor, gagging for breath.

“I can’t believe it! we made it! After all this time, I am free!”” he shouted in joy while pounding his hands on the floor to either side of him.

They helped him to his feet as he slapped their backs and smiled broadly.

“It seems” said Merlin, his face serious, “If but one of us had perished, our escape would have been impossible. We were destined to leave this place together.”

Goemon nodded in agreement, clasping Merlin on the shoulder.

Jesse was happy to be through but was worried about the path ahead. The tunnel extended further along, and part of her feared yet another gate or challenge would be awaiting them. She would hold her excitement in check until she knew without a doubt they had made it, until she could feel sunlight on her face and breathe fresh air.

They ventured onwards and soon came to huge boulder blocking their path, like one side of a sphere plugged perfectly into the tunnel. Large red characters like those on Goemon’s chest were written across it, as if a warning, although Jesse couldn’t read it.  She watched as Goemon wiped away dust and webs to get a closer look.

“The sorrow of a broke and black heart, its cries will make the world weep. For the sake of all mortal souls, the evil that lies within, keep” Goemon said quietly. He shot a look over to Merlin, raising an eyebrow.

“I don’t think they are talking about me or the girl, wizard…” he said, his eyes staring accusingly at him.

Merlin smiled nervously, scratching the back of his head “Probably ramblings of those priests you abhor so much, Goemon. In the face of so many people being trapped here, I don’t blame them for sealing it off like this”

Goemon shrugged, and Jesse wasn’t about to question anything stopping her from leaving this place. Merlin was probably right; this place was hell.

“Step back” Goemon warned as he hoisted his sword. From several metres away from the boulder, he began to spin with it, wind whipping around him as he gained paced. In an explosion of air, he released it, a flash of gold as the sword flew and smashed heavily into the boulder. It sank in deep to the hilt, large cracks expanding over the rock in all directions as it did.

He approached the sword and grabbed the hilt, and then turning to Jesse and Merlin, asked with a grin, “Shall we?”

“Lets” Jesse said, smiling. Merlin nodded.

Goemon heaved and as the sword came free the boulder crumbled all around, heavy portions crashing to the ground and shaking the earth around them. As the dust settled, a narrow path was revealed leading to a small wooden door. A real door, not some strange gate, but a normal wooden door. Jesse’s heart leapt.

Goemon, his excitement uncontrollable, was leaping too, flying ahead, crouching and crashing through the small door like it wasn’t there. Jesse watched as he ran up a small flight of stone stairs that it led to, another crash, and then a scream.

Jesse ran up behind him, followed quickly by Merlin.

Goemon had run straight through a wooden wall and stood among trinkets and candles around an intricate temple model laden with gold and hanging scrolls. His sword was drawn, his face full of anger. Below the platform the model was on, an old man and young boy knelt on a polished wooden floor, robes around them, shaven heads and mouths open wide in shock. The room smelt heavily of incense, its smoky wisps escaping through the newly made hole.

As Jesse stepped out from behind Goemon, the little boy’s face lit up, “It’s Jesse! Grandad look! It’s Jesse!” he said, slapping the old man’s shoulder.

The old man couldn’t speak, his eyes fixed on Goemon, who looked ready to attack, his breathing deep and loud like a growl.

“Goemon, relax” Jesse said, her voice firm, understanding at once what Goemon was thinking “he isn’t the priest who trapped you here. I doubt he knows anything about it at all”

Goemon’s eyes moved to Jesse, and reluctantly he stood up, putting his sword back into its scabbard.

The room was silent.

“Erm, I’m sorry for the damage we just caused to er, this” Jesse started, gesturing weakly towards the display as she carefully amongst it to the front, “but really we mean you no harm, and actually could really do with your help” she said.

The man didn’t hear her, his attention still entirely focused on Goemon. He suddenly pressed his forehead onto the floor in front of himself in a deep bow, urgently pulling down the boy’s head to do the same. They remained in silence, the mans body shaking visibly.

Goemon nimbly jumped down from the stage with a slight breeze of wind, landing and walking smoothly without losing his stride. He crouched before the priest and gently lifted his face with only his index finger under the chin. He was incredibly intimidating, Jesse thought.

As he did, something seemed to catch his eye, a beaded chain around the priest’s neck. He yanked it out of the robe, dragging the priest forward.

“Where did you get this?” he said, his tone suddenly different. The anger had gone.

“It has been passed down in my families for centuries…. there is a legend…a legend that my family was to protect. It said this necklace was given by a great Tengu Queen who helped my family build…this temple..urgh”

The priest’s words stopped as his voice was choked by Goemon’s pulling and twisting. He let go, and the priest fell once more to the floor, coughing as he regained his breath.

“Please, spare my grandson” he cried.

Goemon’s face seem surprised and softened as he said “Quit your pathetic begging, Priest. I will not be killing you or your grandson”

The man cautiously rose back up his knees and hugged the boy.

The little boy was less worried, and after tearing away from the sobbing old man, ran up and grabbed Jesse by the hand.

“Come and look, Jesse! You were on TV!” he shouted. Jesse wanted to ask Goemon about the chain but was too busy being pulled across the room by the boy, her heavily armoured boots eating into the shining floor.

“The TV?” said Jesse, surprised by the boy’s fearlessness. Is that how he had known her name?

The little boy skipped over to a side room, sliding aside the door and revealing a small computer desk. After taking off his slippers and neatly stowing them facing back into the main room, he entered and tapped away on the keyboard, turning the screen towards them after he had found what he was looking for. Goemon still glared intently at the priest as he came over, but his expression was not one of malice. He seemed deeply lost in thought.

On the screen was a YouTube video of when Jesse had pulled Excalibur from the stone. The video had over 3 billion views…in only 3 days.

“What the..” Jesse mumbled,”…that can’t be right” she thought as her brain tried to visualise the huge number. Almost half the worlds population in views.

The boy pressed play as they all stared at the screen, Merlin seemingly more interested in the technology than the video, raising his hands in front of himself like a mime, feeling something in the air around it. He carried on this way until he suddenly came to attention near the end, his whole body jumping as he saw something.

“I don’t believe it…the crazy bastard did it!” he suddenly exclaimed.

Jesse heard him but didn’t consciously process it. Her eyes and focus were glued to the screen as her heart thumped in her chest. At the end, a couple appeared, middle-aged and crying.

“We just want our daughter back! Please, please, anyone with any information on where she is please let us know” they said, between painful moans and cries.

The text that appeared below them made it clear who they were: ‘PARENTS OF JESSE’, it read. Jesse almost fell over, using the desk to steady herself. Her mind raced, overcome with joy at finally seeing them, just knowing they were there and waiting for her, missing her. She would never forget their faces again.

“I didn’t give up, Dad” she said quietly to herself as tears fell onto the wooden floor in heavy drops. Hope mixed with the deep sadness swirled inside her, but she had kept her promise. He could be proud of her. She was going to get back to them no matter what.

On the screen after the interview appeared her own image, less defined and more child-like, a big goofy smile on her face. Jesse Harbinger, 18 years of age, final year high school student, missing.

A sudden thought filled Jesse with dread as she thought about how scared her parents must be; the danger she had felt as the lifted the sword.

She turned to Merlin, who was now wiping back tears just as she was.

“Merlin, you teleported me out from there saying it wasn’t safe, and I felt the danger. Are my parents safe?”

“Excalibur sensed danger my child, but your parents will be fine, I can promise you” he said, smiling as he regained his composure.

“How can you be so sure?” Jesse wondered, horrible possibilities playing over in her mind fuelled by her own nightmarish experiences over the last few days.

Merlin came close to the screen, gently took the mouse from the boy with a smile and moved the video back to the part he wanted to play. Jesse was taken aback at how casually he was using something that must have been totally alien to him…but hadn’t he said playing with contraptions was ‘more of his thing’ than fighting? He couldn’t be much worse at the fighting part, she supposed.

He paused the video just as the blinding flash started to fill the room, pointing at the young man who had been behind her. He was kneeling…kneeling to her.

“Because of him, my child. He did it, he really did it! I can’t believe it!”

&#x200B;

| |**|** **|** 

Jesse awoke to warm sunlight bathing the room in sweet golden luminescence as she stretched out her body like a cat and yawned. Sleep had come restful and deep despite the humid heat, and today would be hers for the taking.

After a quick visit to the spring and changing into some fresh clothes left by the priest earlier in the morning, she was addressing the first task on her list. Excalibur.

She headed to the main temple rooms, walking through the creaky wooden corridors, a fresh breeze gusting through for the first time after the storm. The spotless floors provided no dust for wind to stir, its clean surface reflecting Jesse in a brilliant brown sheen. Through the windows she passed she could see people walking along the creek’s path, clearing it of debris and checking the rocky walls for signs of damage. Mud slides would be a real danger here.

As an old lady glanced up toward the temple she instinctively ducked, dropping to the floor as if shot, her heart thumping. She was far enough away that she knew it was pointless, the distance too great for her to be recognised. *So stupid*, she thought, rising to her feet. If someone saw her though, what would happen? The thought made her move with renewed speed away from view and carry on, entering one of main temple rooms through its large ornate doors, handle laden with gold.

It was still empty, thanks to the weather…and the rather obvious damage they had done to the shrine still needing repair, she guessed, feeling a slight pang of guilt. A cool breeze escaped from between the wooden slats covering the dark hole, carrying with it a damp, mouldy smell.  It was all too easy to imagine the hellish roots dangling through, reaching for her. Dragging her mind away from the dark image, she wandered loosely around, admiring the art, antiques and statues abundant in the space.

She was delaying, she knew, as her eyes were drawn slowly across to what her body already felt, like a heavy gravity pulling her into orbit. Excalibur. Delicately wrapped in golden material tied with a red string at its top, it was laid across a large antique chest. She reached hesitantly for the bundle and lifted it carefully, her hands trembling despite its near weightlessness.

As she unwrapped the soft and silky material she could feel an excited vibration coursing through it. Flashes of when she lifted the sword came back to her, the feelings still strong and fresh. Her heart seemed to thump not within herself, but from the living-weapon nestled within the fabric.

More than she had realised, she had yearned to hold it again, to feel its soothing presence, to see its majestic beauty. Buzzing static surrounded her hand as it moved to clasp the now exposed hilt, golden sparks dancing and collapsing into a soft warm glow that dissipated into the metal as her flesh pressed against it. As if open to breathe again, she could feel air sweeping against the cool metal, a soft resistance forcing the swirling currents to rush and split along its sharpness. As her grip tightened, a relief and joy flooded into her, the black feathers on her forearm raising, rippling and burning gold in gentle waves in time with the undulating energy. This was her sword. More than that, it was part of her. Time apart had only increased their bond.

Fabric fell away in smooth rolls as she lifted it free, an almost imperceptible high-pitched ring crying out from the blade as if to herald her once more as she held it in the light.  The beams flowed along the blade, captured along its infinitely sharp edge in a pure and flowing stream of radiance. As if on fire the letters lit and blazed one by one down the blade. Admiring it anew, Jesse turned it in her grip; such elegance, such immense power…such brutal beauty. Reflected in the pristine blade in a golden aura, a fierce and indomitable Jesse ready to take on the world stared back. She held her own gaze, a roar of confidence building inside of her as her eyes glistened sapphire blue.

No words were exchanged in the reunion, the feelings connecting them providing a much deeper understanding. Excalibur knew Jesse was back, had known she would pull through, it’s belief in her unwavering. It knew what she was planning, what she felt needed to be done, and agreed, ready to cut the path and lead the way through whatever stood before them.

With renewed vigour, she placed Excalibur carefully back within the exquisite wrap and headed to the small living room where dinner had been served the night before. Merlin and Goemon would shortly arrive, instructed by the Priest earlier in the morn before he and the boy had gone about their duties.

Placing Excalibur carefully on the table, laid open in the fine material, it seemed to strike an air of intent within the small space; today important decisions would be made. She laughed inside as she thought how Arthur had had his famous round table, and she, a tiny low wooden table barely big enough to sit four people.

Sitting, she listened for the sounds of the others stirring. All was quiet, except for a strange feeling, heavy and moving, somewhere…

On cue, Goemon entered through the side door, dishevelled and sleepy looking, still wearing the same pyjamas as the night before. Light footed as always, he had approached in silence, and without offering a word, nodded to her and sat, grabbing the TV controller and flicking on the TV. Laying down and scratching his belly, he yawned as he switched through the channels with a practised finesse. How much TV had he been watching?

Merlin soon joined, and to Jesse’s surprise did the exact same thing as Goemon, greeting her with a nod before stealing a quick look at Excalibur. Smiling as if in approval, he then sat promptly beside her and turned to the TV, fascinated. For a moment, the image flickered wildly.

“Oi, wizard, calm it down over there” Goemon said, disturbing the silence.

“Apologies, Goemon” Merlin said, wiping his brow of sweat. Jesse thought she saw a flash of blue from his eyes, like a single misfiring firework sparking before going dark.

“Goemon, Merlin…” Jesse began quietly.

There was no answer. It was like they had forgotten she was even there. This wasn’t going like she had planned.

“Guys!” Jesse said louder, to no reaction still. Goemon laughed as a character on the screen did something amusing, Merlin also appreciating the scene with a slight chuckle.

Jesse rose and snatched the controller from Goemon, turning off the set and slamming the controller down on the table.

“Jeez, what is the matter with you guys?” she shouted.

Goemon and Merlin looked shocked, like two little kids caught misbehaving. Merlin scratched the back of his head under his now pony-tailed hair.

“Apologies Jesse, this technology is just so… fascinating. I imagine it’s the same for Goemon” he said, Goemon nodding earnestly in agreement.

“Man has indeed grown in power to create such magic” Goemon added, his wide-open eyes reflecting the same expression as Merlin.

“It’s not magic” Jesse started, to which Merlin frowned, “…but that’s not important. I called you here today to talk to you both seriously about all that’s happened, and what we need to do”

She paused to make sure she had their attention. Goemon had sat up properly, although still hunched, and Merlin was sitting carefully, his back straight and hands clasped together thoughtfully.

“As you know, I’ve had a tough couple of days since coming here, more than tough…but I want you to know I’m OK. I needed space and time to process everything that’s happened…and it helped. I’ve come to find a kind of peace, a centre within, something solid I can hold on to. So…I suppose I want to say:  don’t worry about me now….and thank you. I wouldn’t have made it without you both, and I’m glad you’re still here”

“Thank you too, Jesse” said Goemon, bowing his head, “I would have been trapped forever or dead if things had happened differently. You saved me, and I owe you my life. Do not forget that. I will not leave you.”

“I, too, needed you far more than you needed me, child. I am at your service still. What you have been through, how much you have changed, what you must do…is not to be taken lightly. I am, in-fact, surprised you have recovered so quickly…if you need more time” Merlin questioned, a mix of concern and relief in his eyes.

Jesse wondered how much Merlin knew, about the hole and everything else, but did it really matter now?

“I’m OK I promise you, but that’s enough about me. How have the both of you been faring?” Jesse asked, intrigued to know what they had been doing, or if they had had any trouble. She also wanted to get the attention away from herself.

Goemon was the first to speak.

“At first, I wanted to kill the priest and go…” Goemon started, his face dead-pan serious.

“But all is not as it seems with this place, as it has a strange connection to my kind.  At any rate, the war appears to be over, and there is no mention of my people in modern times beyond legend. So, for now, he lives. Besides, he makes good food and gives me ‘beer’. His little Grandson is also very amusing. I have spent my days researching this time with him through this magical ‘TV’, eating food and drinking beer. Sometimes the little beast Kuma has joined us. It has been very productive”

Jesse stared, unbelieving. Goemon was a lazy idiot, she thought, almost wanting to laugh, but she was happy he was doing well, coping in his own way. His honesty was refreshing, at any rate.

“What about your family” she asked, knowing that he must be thinking of them, like she was her own.

“It is complicated….” he began, casting his eyes away, “by the legend someone should have returned upon my release. The fact they have not, does not bode well. It will not be a simple matter to investigate, made more complex by the time that has passed. Now my allegiance is to you, for as long as you require it. Not to mention, I too have changed, and need to discover what it means for me.”

“I’m glad you’re ok, Goemon” Jesse said, “and again I promise I will help you find your family”

Goemon slowly puled up his hand, and erected his thumb, smiling broadly with his effort.

This time, Jesse did laugh.

“Taro showed me” Goemon said, raising the other thumb slowly and emphatically, raising laughs from all of them.

“…and you? Merlin?” she asked, turning to face him with a smile on her face from Goemon’s antics.

“It has been a shock, for certain. Not just the level of technology man has created in such a short time, which is truly bewildering and fascinating, but the past. My past, to be specific. It’s all different….a mere fairy tale”

Jesse knew where this was going.

“Using the Computer I was able to look into it, to find clues as to what happened after my imprisonment. Camelot is gone, that I understand, but…” he stopped, seemingly putting his thoughts together as he jostled his fingers around.

“…but the rest of it. It’s all there, more or less…but as a child’s tale, a fictional story. I just don’t know how it’s possible. I am a rather famous *‘character’* it would seem, as is Arthur and the rest. But we aren’t *real.* Nimue must have done something, but this level of magic, to make the whole world forget, goes far beyond even her abilities…unless…”

“Unless what, Merlin?”

“She sacrificed herself in some way, to power the spell…” he said, his eyes growing hollow and dark.

It was then that it was clear to Jesse the true reason Merlin had been searching into his past. It was not for answers of Arthur or the round, nor for Camelot. It was for love. He had been searching for Nimue.

“Isn’t there a way you can find out?” Jesse ventured, “I mean, can you use your magic to somehow connect with her?”

Merlin looked up, “Perhaps, it is possible…but not without risk…” he said, looking at his hands that were clenched tight. Searching for your long-lost love would be nerve-wracking for most, but when that person was the one that imprisoned you? Talk about *complicated*, Jesse thought, and dangerous, for Merlin and them.

“You mentioned Camelot is gone and that you know why?” Jesse moved on quickly, returning to something she too had been wondering about.

“Indeed. You see Jesse, Camelot was never really there to begin with”

Jesse stared at Merlin blankly before looking to Goemon, as if he would be able to help her understand.

“Don’t look at me” he shrugged,” he’s already told me all of it and I’ve got no idea what he’s talking about” Goemon said, uninterested and looking at the TV even though it was off.

Sensing her confusion, Merlin continued.

“You see, Jesse, Avalon, the realm in which Camelot stands, is not of *this* Earth. It is another…how do I say, *dimension*. Not just any dimension however, a sort of hub that lies between them all, sliding and skipping, sometimes merging, sometimes creating doorways that tunnel between them, sharing the different powers and energy’s from each. Camelot and its land were one such case or it’s merging, appearing to be here, but not”

Jesse continued to stare.

“…it was a special case, and one well maintained and navigated. Whatever Nimue did, must have destroyed the link, the key to re-opening it being lost…until now”

“What was the key?” Jesse asked, kind of understanding.

“Excalibur” Merlin said simply, gesturing to the sword, “Excalibur is of Avalon, born in the forges beneath Camelot from powers combined from each of the realms…and more. It can be used to connect and open the doorway, access it’s endless paths, but how, I do not know. Arthur could control it, but only for Camelot and with great effort. Closing the link in times of peril, an advancing enemy did not matter if they could not find the castle”

Merlin’s eyes sparkled for a moment, lost in reliving memories, a smile crossing his face.

“Of course, I, too, can access the realm with teleportation, perhaps to re-establish the connection, but it is fraught with peril, and in my current state…”

Merlin was tired, too, and a thousand years out of practice.

“What does it all mean for us, now?” Jesse said.

“Of that, I am as of yet unsure…there is so much of which to consider…” he cut himself off, as if suddenly stopping himself from saying too much.

Jesse waited, and with no more forth coming, moved on. She could ask another time.

“So here we are now, and we need a plan” she said tentatively, swallowing the lump in her throat and laying her hands atop Excalibur.

“I will not run back to my parents and the world a broken and dying Jesse. I will stay and fight, for myself, for my parents, for you Goemon, and you, Merlin. Together”

She moved her eyes between them, remembering her reflection in the blade, feeling its steel in her spine, the courage in her eyes. Goemon’s eyes mirrored her own, but Merlin seemed stiff and tense, his hands bustling in his lap. He was worried about something she knew, but nothing changed what needed to be done.

“We have to fix Excalibur, to find a weapon with it to merge. It is the only way through this mess, everything else doesn’t matter until that is done”

She let the statement hang in the air for a moment. Goemon didn’t know the full extent of the missing piece she guessed, but Merlin…

“Merlin told me about your problem, filled in the gaps from what you said in the tomb…” Goemon began, “you have my word I will help you find this missing piece, this weapon, if it means I die trying. I will repay my debt to you” he said, bowing his head yet again. He was faultlessly loyal.

She turned to Merlin, and noticing him struggling to find the words, spoke before he could, guessing the cause.

“Merlin, I understand your reasons for not telling me everything. I was on the edge of my limits the whole time, and too much may have sent me over, like it eventually did here. It was the right thing to do, and I forgive you”

Merlin visibly relaxed.

“Thank you, Jesse…but that is all I know. How long we have, how fast it will fade, I know not”

“That is why we must move fast, Merlin. Whatever we do, we start now, and do not stop until it is done. Speed, stealth and strength. we find it fast, and we take it fast, striking hard anything that stands in our way”

They both nodded their heads in agreement.

“Merlin, I need you to focus your powers on finding the weapon. Camelot, even Nimue, will have to wait”

“The spell, the effort, it will be taxing, I will need time. I don’t know…” Merlin began, avoiding her stare and mumbling to himself.

“I do not have time, Merlin! We do not have time!” Jesse shouted, louder than she intended. Merlin jumped.

“I’m sorry... just…just *try*…I believe in you. You are our only hope right now, not me. I need you, Merlin” Jesse pleaded, replacing the fiery courage in her voice with the raw pleading she felt in her heart. Without Merlin, the whole thing would be futile. He was the key to it all.

He was looking down, not wanting to meet her gaze. Goemon tutted loudly while raising an eyebrow. Obviously, he still wasn’t completely over his reservations of Merlin, wizards or priests.

She grabbed Merlin’s hand, and his face shot up. A bolt of blue cracked and fizzed against Jesse’s hand painfully from his, but she ignored it, keeping her grip. The surge faded, and Jesse felt a calming pressure seep between them in its place. Merlin’s hands relaxed, and his expression changed.

“Such a strange affect you have on me” Merlin whispered, clasping her hand back strongly.

“I will try. Today. It may take time, so I will return in the eve” he said, a steely motivation taking shape in his expression.

“Thank you” Jesse said, releasing her grip.

“So, the plan is that Merlin finds the weapon, and until then, we stay here and lie low. At least, I will. My face is everywhere, and it is too risky to be found. We will need supplies; clothes, food and money for when we need to leave this place…” she began, but Goemon interrupted her, his hand raised.

“The priest is taking care of all of that” he said, “he has ordered clothes, supplies, things we may need, and arranged a lot of *‘money’* for us. He said it should all arrive once everything settles from the storm. Like I said, he is a very resourceful man, I’m glad I didn’t kill him”

Jesse nodded, again in awe of the Priest’s hospitality and sense of duty towards Goemon. For now, this was all that needed to be said, nor could she think of anything else.

As she stood headed for the doorway, Goemon bowed, but Merlin looked lost, deep in thought.

Sliding the door across and heading down the corridor, she finally allowed herself to breathe. She had done well, what she had needed to do, and all she could. Now it was Merlin’s turn.

**|** **|***Hi guys! This chapter was really hard, coming back to Jesse. I wanted to try and recap naturally what had happened and lead into what I have planned next, but I'm not sure about my execution of it. It definitely needs something more and so it is another one that will need coming back to at a later date, I just didn't want to keep you guys waiting forever. So, apologies if its a bit boring, but the next few parts coming after should be a bit more fun. As always feedback appreciated! Thanks :)*

\-------------------------------------------------------

**|** **|** 

Jesse melted into the steaming water’s tender embrace, body and mind sailing away on the tide of pleasure it awarded. Free from the distraction of physical pain, free from the mental torture, and free from the panic and confusion that had been raging inside of her; this was her escape. Her salvation. It all just melted away.

She could stay here forever, part of her wanted to… but forever wasn’t long for the dying.

The Rotenburo, an outdoor bath of natural volcanic water, was hidden at the back of the temple, sheltered away in a corner high on the hill, stowed under a jagged outcrop of the mountain at its back. Jesse could see down the rocky creek below that led away from the old building, trees and bushes swaying heavily in the strong and howling wind of the storm that was battering down on all. Here, the plants and bamboo lining the edge of the pool stood serene and still in their heavenly shelter, leaves dripping heavy with condensation from the steam that hung in the air like a warm and cosy blanket.

Jesse leaned back against the ancient and smooth boulders that formed the perimeter of the pool, their embrace feeling heavy and magnetic, pulling her in and relaxing her against their cool touch. A peaceful and steady trickle of boiling water poured from a hole in the mountains side, another spilling the overflow down towards the stream below.

Here she was in the eye of the storm; both the one within, and the one raging around her. Only here could she process what had happened, too see it through the turmoil that had hit her so hard after arriving here.

It was in the face of fear and against all the odds that she had escaped the tomb, fighting for her life on the edge of overwhelming confusion and disbelief. The thought she had been through the worst however, had been wishful thinking.

When she had seen the world’s reaction, for it truly was the *entire* world, she had been in shock. All the media, the videos, the never-ending stream of people discussing her and her family. That was when the real pain and confusion had hit, when the real gravity of the situation and all the expectations had crashed down on her, landing her disturbingly back into what was a nightmarish reality.

Crawling back to the tomb had been more than tempting as questions and information had swirled rapid and violent in her head, spinning and lifting with them all the thoughts and feelings she had been suppressing like a hurricane ripping out trees and debris from an already desolate landscape. The raw instinct she had been operating on, the adrenaline, the suspension of reality, whatever it had been, gave up. It was like she had been flowing down a river, clinging on for dear life on a rickety raft, only to smash into rocks and plunge over a waterfall into absolute oblivion.

She had woken crumpled on the hard floor, momentarily conscious only long enough to glimpse the other’s panicked reactions before fading back into nothingness.  The first day had not been much different, waking in a room somewhere in the temple, drifting in and out of consciousness, restful sleep coming only in fleeting moments but always filled with chaotic dreams and nightmares. When she had finally awoken, hunger had burned inside of her, but she couldn’t eat. Loneliness had weighed in on her from all around, but she couldn’t face anyone. Thoughts rose endlessly inside of her mind, but she couldn’t bear the pain of thinking. All the while freedom called from the door that she dared not open, and so she remained hidden, her only company the dull and deep ache within that grew with each passing moment.

It had only been on the afternoon of the second day that she had finally broke from her isolation. Ever caring and without comment, the priest had been there for her, as he was no doubt for the others, his calm and soothing nature breaking through Jesse’s hesitance. He had given her water, clothes, and with a knowing smile, led her to this spring, as if he knew what she had needed and what this place provided.

Since then, she had spent most of her time here, cleansing her body and rescuing her lost mind. She had found her centre like a rope dangling perilously from above, to which she was clinging desperately, slowly but surely clawing herself back. Whether or not this centre was her or something new, she didn’t know, but it was all she had.

She still hadn’t seen them; Merlin, Goemon, or even Excalibur, but she knew she had to face them soon. She had to do a lot more than that.

The decisions she needed to make, the things she would have to do… they didn’t seem real, and what she had to base them on, what had happened, was no more so.

Breathing deeply and exhaling through the fog of steam, she let her eyes stare through it and beyond, as if pushing through the clouds in her own mind. With practised caution, she began to think of all that had passed, concentrating on the gentle caress of the water, the sounds of the rain and storm blowing through, and the still of its core. Holding tight to her own centre, she delved into her memories, her heart steady and strong.

It had all started with the sword; the fabled Excalibur. A magical living-weapon straight out of the legend of King Arthur that had chosen her, of all people, to imbue with a strange and immense power when she had hoisted it from the stone. Before she had even had time to think, she had been encased in shimmering armour and teleported away in a bolt of lightning and agony by an ancient and near-dead Wizard, Merlin. As if hanging from a cliff and losing her grip one finger at a time, the suspense and fear growing each moment until the inevitable fall, she had careened into one unbelievable event after another, her old self left far behind and forgotten, along with all her memories.

Merlin had wrenched them both back from the cold grasp of death after that, using Excalibur to connect with his powers in a plan over a thousand years in the making. He was *the* Merlin of legend; a near immortal half-demon Wizard with a lot of emotional baggage and a rather quirky personality. He had foreseen it all and planned for her arrival to his underground prison of roots and earth, although missing the rather important detail of her being near death and devoid of memory.

Jesse, understandably, had tried to escape as Merlin slumbered, only making it as far as to destroy a gate protecting them both from a rampaging monster. Merlin had then stepped in at the last possible moment to save her once more with a powerful display of his magic, and Jesse had decided it might be best to listen to the man before she almost killed herself again.

White flowing hair that fell from his rugged but handsome face was about the only thing that looked stereotypically wizard-like about him. He was athletic and tall, with piercing blues that seemed to dance around as he spoke, matching the rather fast and jerky gestures his hands made as he did. The corner of his eyes and mouth always seemed poised to smile, as if a joke was always on the edge of his lips.

Filling her in on the last thousand years or so of his existence in only a few confusing hours, Jesse had been left reeling.  In a tale that went far beyond the legend she knew, King Arthur had gone mad, his mind twisted by betrayal and deceit, and Merlin had been blind to it. His love Nimue, who had, under Merlin’s teachings become even more powerful than himself, blamed Merlin for Arthur’s descent into evil just as much as Arthur himself. In an act of desperation, she had banished them both to the far ends of the Earth, to rid the world of their ‘meddling’ ways once and for all.  There in the tomb he had remained: a thousand years with only regrets and guilt to sustain him. Jesse was his chance at redemption, a chance to set things right. Following the tragic story, and with Jesse building the first steps of trust towards him, she had been hit with yet another unbelievable bombshell; she had to fight the monster. Merlin it seemed, was suffering; his magic was weak and unpredictable, an age out of practice.

After an epic battle in which both she and the beast nearly perished, a bond was found between them. They had connected to form an unlikely pact, sharing their powers in a magical union of fellowship driven by Excalibur. Goemon was his name, a mythical Japanese creature of times long past. Mostly human in appearance, partly bird-like, he had thick black feathers that covered his body from the neck down to his arms and legs. When in fight mode however, he had been truly monstrous, his good-looking features transforming into a snarling beast with sharp teeth, blackness consuming his muscular body.

Goemon was a prince of his own kind, trapped into the tomb as part of an ancient war with the priests of old. His goal was the same as hers: escape the tomb and return to his family, swearing his service to her in exchange for his life and freedom.

After the joining of powers however he had transformed, his black sheen tempered with a golden glow, his rusted-juggernaut sword gaining an elegant golden hilt and sparkling silver edge. Upon the blades side, a dragon emblem shone golden. It was the mark of the Pendragon, Merlin had explained, matching Jesse’s own.

The fight had not been without its own revelations for her, too. In the moments of greatest danger, of utter helplessness, she had been able to push through the veil of her memories and receive flashes of what lay beyond. A strange scene of an accident, a promise to her father, feelings and intuition; they had erupted and given her the power to turn the tide. It had appeared, the real Jesse was not completely lost after all.

Until that is, she lost control and turned into a monster herself. Bloodlust Merlin had called it. Upon injuring Goemon and drawing his thick black blood, an incredible euphoria had ripped through her and Excalibur, sending her into a craze that she had barely been able to pull back from, almost killing Goemon and rejoicing in the process. Even now, the thought of the rush confused her with feelings of longing and disgust simultaneously.

But they had both pulled through, and with the battle seemingly over, they had had to escape the main tomb, fighting and scrambling through a monstrous earthen abomination of roots and vines. The last gate to their freedom, covered in skulls and bones of adventurer’s long since dead.

Once through, the tomb had led to this temple, somewhere in Japan. *Japan...* she still couldn’t believe it.

All she knew about this place was that Goemon had a connection to it, something the priest had said, that he had known the legend. If Goemon hadn’t of survived, would the Priest have been so welcoming? Would they have even been able to escape?

But she was not yet free; one more caveat remained on her freedom and on her very existence. How she was going to escape its grasp, she had no idea. Excalibur was broken, and her very life force was draining away through its missing piece, a dull and distant ache ever-present to remind her. It had driven the extreme bloodlust against Goemon. It was the cause of her memory loss. It sparked doubt in everything in everything the sword said or *made* her do. If she didn’t find a way to fix it, both her and Excalibur would die.

Despite it all, she could still feel a burning hope within her, a desire to return to her family and live up to the promise she had remembered to her Father: not to give up. They were safe and would be waiting for her, aided by both the police and Merlin’s own undying and no doubt magical friend, Sir Galahad.

It had been hard enough to believe Merlin was real, but Sir Galahad too? If true, he had literally been standing behind her by the stone. Had he known? Merlin, at first, had been happy with his discovery, but a concerned shadow had seemed to sweep over his face as he had fallen deep into thought. As she had learned with Merlin, this meant there was more to the story, something he was hiding. Jesse had had no time to probe further as the nauseating urge to carry on through the endless videos had torn her attention away and into madness.

Jesse exhaled the breath that had seemed to wedge in her throat as she thought of the rabbit hole of media she had fallen into; a clear warning. That was enough for now. Letting go of the thoughts now she had passed through them unscathed by their raw and sharp edges, she opened her eyes and breathed deeply, listening to the sounds of the storm and bringing herself back into the present.

Feeling her muscles float effortlessly and free in the water, Jesse relaxed. It was the first time she had been able to fully think through the line of events without succumbing to the traps of terror laden within them. She was ready. Ready to face the others, and ready to face the choices she had to make.

With a loud bellow tailing off into a frustrated rumble, her stomach made it known that she was also, very, *very* ready to eat.

She rose from the water, wrapping her towel around her as she slowly ambled back to the main bathroom area, her soft and warm feet pattering with wet marks against the oddly laid stepping stones. Seeing her reflection in the mirror once inside, she still didn’t recognise the person staring back. Her eyes were lighter, almost blue, but not as blue as when she was using Excalibur. Her face too, was different to that in her mind, and in the videos she had seen. It was sharper, and all the features just seemed stronger, more pronounced. A feeling that the transformation was not over remained like a deep buzzing in her bones. Just how different would she become be if she made it through it all? Would the old Jesse even exist anymore?

Mysterious scars stretched down her left shoulder and arm, thick and painful looking. They would no doubt have a story behind them, full of hurt, but nothing came to mind as she ran over them with her finger tips, tracing their lines as if to stoke a reaction. Was this the same body the original Jesse had had? The ‘original Jesse’. To think of herself like that, as two separate people, was strange, but perhaps closer to the truth.

The fingers that gently stroked against the scars led to a wrist that was beginning to form thick black feathers, like hard scales breaking through the skin and flowing up her forearm. It was a mark from her pact with Goemon, and yet another mark of the new Jesse. Both Excalibur and Goemon had changed her, but at least with the physical, she could see it for what it was. Hopefully the feathers wouldn’t rise too much further up her arm.

Goemon had given her a gift, but along with it were the more painful signs of their exchange; red welts that covered her all over, still sore to the touch. Sore, but even that was remarkable considering the condition she had been in.  Was it the power from Excalibur, or perhaps the power shared with Goemon that helped recover this quickly?

Taking one last look at her strikingly svelte and athletic appearance, she blew out air nosily from her lips and threw her towel into a small wicker basket at the side of the room. Pulling on the kimono-like pyjamas the priest had given her, a light pink draw string top and bottom suitable for the humid weather, she stepped into her slippers and pulled aside the sliding door.

Safety called from her room to the left, but today she would not be hiding. Turning right, she followed her nose and the enticing smell emanating down the corridor. The paper-thin door slid across effortlessly on its wooden tracks as she softly pushed and braced herself for the worst, whatever that could be.

Almost immediately her feet were attacked by a small blur of black fur that was in constant motion. Her heart jumped in her chest.

“Ow” Jesse quietly said, lifting her feet away as the thing tried to nibble them, while she tried not to squash it.

With it’s mouth open and it’s black eyes catching the light, she realised what it was. A tiny, and rather chubby little puppy. It was cute, but unrelenting in its assault.

Jesse closed the door behind her and looked around the room while doing her best to evade the ferocious pup at her ankles.

It was a small rectangular shaped room with a low table in its centre, a TV in the far corner, and a mini-shrine at the other end. A light mist filled the room with a sweet aroma from an incense burning nearby. The floor was soft and green, a woven material that sprung and sunk with her steps.

Around the low table were four small square red cushions placed for sitting. On the one nearest the TV the small boy, the grandson if Jesse remembered correctly, sat watching the screen.

The noisy pup continued its attack, gnawing at her slippers and making enough noise for the boy to finally spin round.

“Ah, it’s you! *Ojisan*, Jesse *okita* *yo*!”

“Kuma! Stop” the boy shouted at the pup, who sat back on his haunches, panting, almost smiling. The boy grabbed him by his collar and yanked him from the room through the wall length sliding doors behind the TV, the dog whining as he did.

*Grandad, Jesse’s awake!* The translation echoed in her head in silent understanding, some coming in English, and other bits, Japanese. Whatever Merlin had done to her brain, was thankfully still working. The boy returned to the room, and without further comment, turned his attention back to his program. Jesse slowly made her way around the table and took up the place next to him, her legs aching slightly as she sat on the soft red cushion. Her heart was thundering inside of her chest. What would they all say? What were they thinking?

“What are you watching?” Jesse asked. She needed some sort of conversation to calm herself, and the boy presented a non-threatening chance before the others came. Hopefully Merlin’s magic was working both ways like before.

“Kamen Rider! He’s the strongest hero! Totally stronger than you!” he yelled excitedly without looking away, confirming that it was.

“Is he your favourite super hero?” Jesse continued, surprised that the boy had chosen to compare her against him.

“Oh yeah! I used to like Anpanman, but I’m a big boy now! So I like Kamen Rider”

Kamen Rider looked like a robot of some sort, or maybe a man in a suit, Jesse couldn’t tell.

“What’s Anpanman like?”

“He’s made of sweet bean bread and lets people eat his head for energy, and when he’s tired, he gets a new head! *Ne*, Jesse, are you more like Anpanman or Kamen Rider?”

Before Jesse could answer, her attention was drawn to the walls on the far side, sensing something like a pressure coming toward them. Suddenly they pulled across and Goemon stepped through, ducking his tall head under the low doorway. Jesse looked away as his eyes caught hers, confused feelings rattling through her. He looked so casual and different, dressed in a cool black version of the same kind of pyjama like kimono she was wearing. When she looked at him, flashes of the beast, vicious and snarling, burst into her mind. Blinking, she pushed the images away, instead concentrating on the bright smile he now offered.

“She is totally like Anpanman, Taro. She gave me some of her power you know!” he said with a laugh and a slight nod to Jesse.

The boy, Taro, charged at Goemon, who lifted the boy high in the air, tickling his sides. Taro giggled in machine gun gurgles before escaping back to his place by the TV.

Only two days had passed, and Goemon seemed like his older brother. It was like a different world.

Goemon sat opposite her, watching the TV with an even more rapt expression than Taro. Jesse tried to think of something to say, but nothing seemed right, and so she sat in silence, awkward and unsure.

Saving her from her nerves, the priest entered, in his arms a large tray full of deliciously fragrant food. Jesse’s hunger erased all trace of her nervousness as the divine aroma drifted to her.

Without a word, he placed the food on the table; 4 sets of rice, soup and fish. Taro’s set was chid-sized, with chopsticks that had hoops to place the fingers in. Jesse would rather be using those, she thought, embarrassed.

The Priest turned off the TV, Taro not muttering a word of complaint as he happily turned face his food.

“Please, eat” he said, “Merlin is sleeping, so you can eat what I prepared for him”

Jesse could not even begin to think of Merlin, or why he wasn’t here, with the food placed in front of her.

“*Itadakimasu”* the boy and Goemon said together as they grabbed for the food. If Goemon had been mad at the priest before, he showed nothing but respect now.

“Itadakimasu” Jesse mimed. *Thanks for the food* it meant, kind of. It was close enough.

Jesse tried to be slow, tried to be mindful of the others in the room, but her hunger got the better of her. She shovelled the rice into her mouth with the sticks of wood angled like a spoon, digging more than scooping, stopping every few mouthfuls to gulp in the soup with it. It all tasted incredible, like the first time she had ever had food. In a way, it was.

In moments it was gone, Jesse left staring into the empty bowl as she realised the room had gone silent around her. Bits of rice stuck to her face became agonisingly apparent to her in the bowls reflection.

“You eat like Kuma!” sniggered Taro, the puppy whining from outside the room at mention of his name.

“I have never seen a woman eat so fast, you are a monster after all!” quipped Goemon, joining the boy as they erupted into full-blown laughter. Even the priest couldn’t contain a slight smile.

Jesse’s face burned red.

“I’m sorry. I was just really hungry…” was all she could manage.

The priest stood, taking her bowl and heading out of the room. In a flash he returned, a warm bowl of white rice placed back in front of her. She nodded her head gratefully and began eating once more.

This time she took it slowly, the amused murmurs of the others gradually subsiding.

Goemon finished his food and, casting his gaze toward Jesse, lent slowly across the table. Instinctively she flinched and pulled away, propping up her body with one arm behind her.

“Welcome back” he whispered with a soft smile that made her flush.

“*Gochisousama deshita!”* he half-yelled to the priest as he quickly returned to his side, clasping his hands and bowing his head. With a jump, he was on his feet and heading to the door, so nimble and light that Kuma could barely whimper before the door was once again slammed shut with a breezy gust.

*Thanks for the meal*, Jesse automatically translated in her head, Goemon already gone. Relief flooded through her. He understood. He knew what she had been going through and was OK about it.

The priest, after returning Goemon’s bow somewhat delayed and despite his absence, opened a silver can with a loud popping sound, fizz bubbling over its rim. Beer.

“I thought Priest’s couldn’t drink beer?” Jesse blurted out before she could catch herself, unsure how to address him.

“Please, call me Kazu, and yes, in Japan Priests can drink beer, and have families” he said, motioning towards Taro.

“He’s your grandson, right?”

“Yes, my daughter’s son. She passed away when he was born. His Father works far away, long and hard hours. So he stays with me, here”

“I’m sorry for your loss” Jesse said, feeling sad for both him and the boy.

“It’s ok” he said, taking long satisfying gulps from the can.

His manner was so soft and polite, never catching her gaze for too long, always moving slow and purposefully. Peacefulness seemed to pour from his very being.

“Thank you…for everything, the past few days…and sorry” Jesse said, dropping her head. Tears were forming at the corner of her eyes.  Kazu noticed and put up his hands.

“No, no , it’s nothing. It’s my duty. Don’t worry about it. I’m just glad to see you doing so well. You look much better now, I am happy” he said, bowing his head and the smiling serenely.

They sat in silence for a while as Kazu and Taro ate their food, the boy’s manners at the table impeccable. When he had finished, Kazu took the dishes away, Taro helping.

He returned shortly after holding a small dish of white fruit sliced into neat chunks, and a cup of brown tea.

“Please, take your time. Taro and I will sleep. Goodnight” the priest said, placing the items on the table.

“Goodnight Jesse” said a sleepy looking Taro as he turned to her. Without warning, his arms shot out and wrapped around her as his small head came to rest on her shoulder.

“I’m happy you’re OK Jesse” he mumbled into her neck, a tiny hand patting her back.

“Thanks Taro” Jesse said, stumbling over the words as emotion rocked her heart.

“You can be as strong as Kamen rider, Jesse, I know you can”

“Thank you Taro…goodnight” whispered Jesse, still taken aback by the sudden show of affection.  After a few moments, the now very sleepy boy rose and trudged out of the room with his Grandad.

The beautiful and pure act from the boy settled the last of the disquiet inside of her, and wiping away tears, she realised she truly was OK.

Now she was alone, all was quiet except for the storm rattling against the window. Jesse contemplated turning the TV on but decided against it. The thought of seeing more news about herself was terrifying, and wouldn’t help.

The neatly cut fruit beckoned her attention, and, spearing it delicately with a wooden pick that lay to the side, she lifted it to her lips and bit off a chunk. Juice flowed into her mouth, a fresh taste, both sweet and sour. It was so delicious that Jesse stared at it intently, wondering what it could be.

But another question took hold of her thoughts as she rotated the piece of fruit on the stick.

What was she going to do? Now was the time to decide.

Running home to her parents would only bring them into this mess, put them more in danger, and for what? Her parents wouldn’t be able to help her, nor would the authorities or other powers that be. She was dying, a rather magical death she doubted modern science would be able to understand. Her parents, the media, the scientists and all the others would just demand her time, ask endless questions, and get a front row seat to watching her slowly fade away. The thought made her shiver, despite the humid heat she was in.

No. She would stay and fight, find her answers and survive. It was the only way. Merlin would have to try and use his powers to see the future and guide them along whatever path it showed him. They would find a weapon, she would get her memories back, and then she would return home as the real Jesse, ready to face her parents and the world.

With the realisation of her plan she felt something ease inside of her. Finally, the choice between flight and fight had been made, and she was sure it was the right one. The only one, and this time it was for good. Nothing was going to set her back again.

With her belly full and her mind quiet, she drank the tea and moved to return to her room. Tonight’s sleep would be good, and tomorrow would be a new day. All the other questions she had could wait until then.

**|** **|**The arid winds of the desert called to me with their mournful wisps echoing through the mountain ridges. I shifted myself carefully on my perch atop it's highest point, balancing, sensing. It was here and only here that I felt something, some kind of connection to who I once was. When the scorching wind hit my face, when the breeze ran through my hair and surged past my ears, something inside me danced and exploded with a deep longing I could not understand.

I wanted to dance in these currents, to dive into their heart, and erupt forth in their heat. I wanted to jump down from this cliff, to sweep through the hot earth and rejoice in its limitless freedom.

The red sun began to lower in the sky, and the breeze became chill. It was time to return to the village. With practiced motions I swung myself down and round the cliff edge, prancing onto the long shelf that ran below. The rock was smooth and curved down invitingly; with a jump I wrapped my robes around my legs and slid down, my sun kissed blonde-brown hair streaking behind me as I gained pace.

It did not take long to reach the bottom, and with I bump I sprang to my feet running. Evalos would be waiting for me, and a beating would be in order should I not reach his home before sun-fall.  Some bruises and scratches that covered my body betrayed the fact I did not always make it in time. Others were gifts from the village boys who shunned me.

I sprinted through the narrow streets as I jumped down into the maze. The village was cut into the rock itself, etched out of the stone in narrow alleyways and deep caves. Twisting turns and dangerous pitfalls, one wrong step and you could fall 100 metres, many had.

But I knew these streets like the back of my hand. A few hops, skips, a deft jump between someones clothes line and I was almost there, sliding down a arched wall into a wide open square.

Just as the last of the suns beams tore away from the sunken town, I swung open the heavy wooden door to Evalos's shop "Weapons for Wanderers".

To my surprise, Evalos was not at his desk, boring his gaze into the door awaiting my late arrival. No, he was standing, speaking to a man, no, a warrior, clad with broadsword across his shoulders and gauntlets for fists.

"Tell me brother, what news have thee of Straven?"

Straven, the missing knight who had quested to slay the evil Dragon of the Desert. His ill-fated quest, joined by his love, Merida, a gifted mage,  in which both they and the dragon had disappeared.

Straven was Evalos's son.

"Forgive me Evalos, the rumours were false. Straven remains lost...I think we must begin to consider that he..."

"No!" Evalos erupted, " he is not lost...I can feel it. He lives! I know it so!"

The heavily armoured man diverted his eyes from Evalos, and looked in my direction.

"You didn't say you had another son, Evalos" he said, an eyebrow raising.

"Don't flatter the boy with such words. He works for me. That is all"

"Works for the great Evalos? This boy? What could he possibly help you with?" the man scoffed.

"He has his talents...that compliment my craft. That is all" Evalos said, looking nervous.

With Evalos's reluctance to continue the conversation, the man  sensed it was time to leave, and with a wink to me, exited the door .

"I will keep you posted should I hear anything of Straven, but for now, I will desist my forces in active search"

Before Evalos could raise his hand and mutter complaint, the door slammed shut.

Evalos stormed to his room. I knew it would be useless trying to question him, and thanked my lucky stars I would not have to work this eve.

Straven...somehow I just knew his story was related to mine. He had disappeared just as I had appeared, lost in the desert, no memory of where I had come from, or how.  I was only 7 at the time by bwst estimates, and 5 years had passed since, and with its passage, I had developed strange powers that I believed were linked to whatever happened that day in the desert.

Heat and fire. I held no fear for them, for they did not affect me. I could increase their potency to a certain extent, as Evalos discovered and had me do in his forge. 

"The conditions here are no worse than the day I found you boy" he had said, thrusting me inside the black stone walls with him as soon as I was strong enough to stand.

"Stand the heat, work, you can stay. Faint or lose your footing, and the least of your problems will be leaving here" 

Not only had I withstood the burning blaze within, but I had flourished, the scrawny boy he had picked half-dead from the desert growing in strength each moment spent tending the flames. My livelihood was secured. 

It was only years later that I learned of Straven, the tragic story of the towns greatest hero being lost to the Desert Dragon. It was some time after that that I learned it had been only  weeks before my own discovery, by a desperate and heartbroken Evalos in search of his son. 

The revelations sparked something inside, and the drunks recounting the story at the Mead Tavern served to stoke the spark into a flame. Dreams awaited me each night in my warm chamber beside the forge, vivid images of Dragon, Knight and Mage.  Three great powers colliding, the Dragons sheer might against the indomitable will of Straven and his magical love.  

In my dreams they would do battle endlessly, a dance of weapons and claws, of magic and fire, of Love and evil. Then I would awake, my own body tingling with something, a memory, a knowing, an excitement to break free and be *more.*

It was shortly after the dreams that my powers begin to manifest, and after that, that I began to believe I *was* more. That more was there to the story, that the dreams meant something, that they were a sign. 

Upon seeing a painting of Straven hidden away in the store room, I was lost for words. How the old man could not see the resemblance I do not know, but he could have been a cousin, a brother, or even my Father. Or as I believed, he could have been *me*. 

Evalos had set out to find his son, and find him he had.

Something had happened out there, deep in the desert. Something magical and mysterious, from which I was sure I had emerged. 

There was only one way to find out.*This was a very interesting prompt that got a lot of attention! It was fun to write and reply to all the comments it produced :) Posting it here now! Thanks again and enjoy.*

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

King Gelput had ruled over most of the known galaxy for a thousand years, a rule of unrivalled prosperity and peace.

The secret? Intelligence. Know thy enemy, and make them your ally. Find their weaknesses, identify their strengths, and act swiftly to manipulate both to your favour.

Thanks to his people's focus on cloaking technology, they could hide endless numbers of spies, disappear entire fleets of ships, and place innumerable tracking stations wherever they saw fit.

Force, when needed, was always brief. After all, how could anyone defend against *ghosts?*

It had been perfect. Until the Humans arrived. The damned bi-pedal abominations with their small little faces and puny technology.

Upon first contact King Gelput had, as always, extended the claw of peace and welcomed them into the Galactic community. It was an honest initiation for a promising race, however ugly they might be, and he had fully intended to help nurture them along with the rest of the beings from their small corner of the universe.

Of course, all the usual precautions were taken. Overlord class ships were sent to their sector to monitor their home planet, to deploy the tracking stations, and to provide a hub for the thousands of spies sent into their midst.

And they had all been destroyed. No signals received. No intelligence to act upon. Only pure and deafening silence.

King Gelput and his council were terrified, and so, when the Humans had declared war they had sought to pacify them, to arrange a meeting and discuss a truce.

A single ship from both sides they had said. King Gelput had agreed.

He brought a thousand, his scientists deploying modification after modification of the cloaking technologies, sure that it could not be the reason of their failure, and if it were, it would be no longer.

The Humans had arrived, a single ship. King Gelput was to teleport to their bridge. Teleport he had, along with hundreds of his cloaked personal to cover each and every crew member of the Humans. The upper hand would be his.

He now stood on the bridge of the ship, the Human crew standing to attention as he loomed over them, resplendent in his deep blues and dazzling greens. With a slight twitch he noted that some of the humans were mildly cloaked, even in their *hair*. What was this?

"King Gelput, we meet again" the man who sat in the large chair at the head of the bridge said, *without* standing. King Gelput did not recognise him, nor should he be expected to.

"I.." he began, but the man signalled with his hand for him to stop. Anger burst through the King's gills as he flushed green. Such imputence!

The man gestured to the screen at the front of the room. King Gelput's hearts retreated into his viscous sack of mucus with an audible 'plop'. There, on the screen, he saw them. All his men on the ship on one side, the other, all the ships that surrounded them now.

Before he could give the signal, before he could even divert his eyes, one by one each of his men fell, and then, in a roar that shook the ship, his entire fleet was wiped from existence in a cataclysmic explosion.

His mind failing and confused by desperation, he darted for the man, grabbing his arm with his fore claws. The man grimaced painfully, but as King Gelput looked down at his limb, fear tore through him.

*They don't even bleed.***WP\] You were born with the power to learn the contents of books / documents by simply touching them. One day after breezing through your school exams, you bump into a man in black. You help pick up his fallen documents. What was inside the doc-wait, an inter-dimensional transporter? Forbidden arts?** 

 

"I'm fine" I managed to mumble as I stumbled heavily away from the man, my feet almost failing me as they somehow managed to carry on over the pavement. From the corner of my vision, I saw him lingering before hurriedly moving away.

Explosion after explosion rocked my mind, colours and shapes filling my vision, drawing themselves across the buildings down the city avenue where I was trying to walk. A bench beckoned me by an empty bus shelter, and I sat, almost slipping off, as if the world was on tilt.

Squeezing and popping, pulling and pushing, throbbing and pulsing, my brain felt like it was going to detonate inside my own skull any second.

I watched as a bus pulled up, lines drawing away from its trajectory, parts deconstructing of its design as the engine was revealed, strange figures and characters indicating something along its lines, something that was slowly becoming meaningful to some part of my mind, like a word on the tip of your tongue.

In this case, a word on the tip of your tongue laced with extreme pain. As the pain hit, the projection of the buses inner workings snapped back into place with the actual bus, the bus driver raising an eyebrow at me through an open door.

"You getting on or what, mate?" he said, impatience in his tone.

"Feebon, suuuu" I replied in a strange and almost robotic tone, indicating that I would be staying where i was. Wait a second, what the hell had just left my mouth?

Quickly, the doors shut, and the bus sped off.

In trying to understand that which I had just uttered, what felt like a huge chasm opened in m mind, with myself at the top, looking in, as if on a roller coaster about to take the final, huge plunge.

I fell into it, falling and falling, the words trailing off and changing , returning in another form, another language, the language itself then leading me on into another chasm. Bright lights flashed in my mind, my whole body spasmed, and with the odd sensation that my lap felt warm and wet and the taste of iron in my mouth, I passed out.

\*\*\*

"Nothing seriously wrong with him from what we can see" someone said, mixed in with odd beeps and background noise.

I opened my eyes, heavy and sore.

"Ah, good of you to join us. Doctor Stevens" a tall man in a white overalls said, very much a blur.

I tried to move, but could only manage and feeble raising of my hand, before letting it fall back to the bed.

"It's ok , don't push your self, Bob. You need to rest a while. Nothing at all wrong with you, other than complete physical exhaustion. That's my best guess at the moment, anyway, perhaps mental too by the looks of things. Rest up, let us do a few more checks, and you'll be good as new in no time"

He pulled away some curtains, and left as my vision began to clear up.

What the hell had happened to me? I had touched a mans briefcase on the street and suddenly...I don't know. It was like an information overload.

What had it been though? I had never had this happen, in years of being able to absorb the knowledge of literally any document with even the faintest of touch, even within things like bags or folders.

I concentrated and felt the difference immediately. The feeling of my knowledge, the volume, the thinking to navigate through its maze. My brain had expanded to handle the data, had expanded way behind human capabilities.

Plans for a spaceship in an epic and complete design formed in my mind as if in a huge theatre, all the knowledge needed to build and understand the physics within. All within another language. A language that again, went beyond the human.

It was alien, and somehow, I had managed to consume it, but it had changed me, I could feel it, more than just the power to handle and understand the data, but on a deep and physical level.

Another bit of information floated to the top of my mind.

GPS co-ordinates. The Earth. The location of the ship, hidden beneath the surface, some kind of machine in that ship that I needed to use...but why?

Again I felt hot liquid drip from my chin. Looking down, red drops spread into the white bed sheets in growing puddles.

I had to get there quick.Diseases, famines, miracles, wars and catastrophes. These were the ways in which the old and most powerful gods had manoeuvred and manipulated in order to construct their power, upon which they had built their heavenly kingdoms to house their follower's souls for all eternity.

The main gods had built a strong alliance between them which strictly controlled the spread and appearance of divine power and belief in it. New or old, developing gods were quickly recruited or killed to keep the balance in their favour. Manifest too much power too quickly, oppose them even slightly, and you would find yourself a god no more, or worse.

They played with the mortal world, intentionally crafting scenarios to garner interest and activity in their names, the only goal simply to generate power for themselves. They didn't care for mankind, or the other creatures of the world at all. It was a simply a game for them.

I was one of the thousands of forgotten gods who had no purpose but to serve those above. I had been born by a mortal woman, quickly manifesting divine powers in a set of unique circumstances rare for my kind. I was quickly recruited into one of the larger kingdoms of heaven, one of the main realms of the the divine, serving in a house of a prominent lord. I had had no choice in the matter.

It was strictly forbidden to grow ones own power in such a position. I would serve my lord, who in turn would serve his. Divine power would be accumulated at the top of the tree, and re-distributed according to rank and status. At my level, the amount was pitiful. Most other gods like me would use any extra they received on foolish and base desires and games to balance their boring existence, but not I. I had been slowly saving and growing my power for centuries, waiting for my chance.

For I was different, and I had never forgotten my mortal mother, how she had been wronged and left to die by the very ones I now served, and how I had been powerless to intervene.

No one had dared oppose them for centuries, but I would change all of that. I would have my revenge.

For all the power and belief the old gods fostered, they had one weakness. They were old fashioned. They worked in ways of the flesh and blood, tangible things they could see and understood. Technology had passed them by; a curiosity that served no more purpose than to proliferate what ever stories or events they concocted.

But it was so much more than that, and I had moved to make use of it.

I had found Dimitry, a lonely genius with a spark bordering on the divine within his mind that gave him the potential to create incredible programs and systems within the ever growing space of computer technology. To reveal myself to him directly would have been too risky, but I had slowly fed him power over his life from the shadows, feeding the spark, culturing it. I had planted ideas in his mind, seeds that would take hold and give him purpose, a burning belief that the visions he was working to were true. A vision of myself, a vision of what was to come.

And finally, the time had come for those plans to come to fruition.

He had created a virus, the likes of which had never been seen. It had replicated uncontrollably, penetrating the furthest reaches and deepest crevices of the web, infecting most of the worlds systems, waiting and ready.

It was simple: it would display a symbol, my very own, and a video feed linked to a certain location. The mere act of laying eyes upon my symbol would feed me strength, strength that would grant me the power to perform for all of the watchful eyes on the screens.

Dimitry pressed the button, and the virus sprang into action. As it completed, and as power began to sweep through me, I materialised in the centre of the auditorium being used for the latest G20 summit, world leaders and business heads filling the room around me, their mouths agape at my sudden appearance.

"I am the one and true god, Cabulos, and I seek sacrifice!" I roared to the room, raising my hands out around me as the power rushing through me almost made me pass out. I reached for their bodies with my power, touching the souls, flesh and blood of all present. Then I pulled.

Bodies exploded in a rain of blood all around me as their very essence drew into my centre, the surge of power almost too much to take. The power would not stop increasing as all the billions watching witnessed the act, their fear compounding their interest and shock, planting the seeds of belief in a new terror upon the world. A belief in me.

Power ripped through my body as I glowed golden and grew within the centre of the room.

Tears rolled down my face. I hadn't wanted to do this, but there had been no choice. A monster had been needed to save them, so I had become that monster.

As the vibrating power settled within me, 3 figures representing the main realms of the divine appeared in flashes of gold and white around me in the room.

Now the real fight was to begin.

I raised my head and stared at them, a smile creeping over my face.

"You're too late"Collection of my stories that I've posted here on Reddit! 
I've been a long time fan of writing prompts here on reddit, but never really dared to write my own...until now! Really enjoying it and feeling a bit like a kid again :) 
Hope you enjoy some of my stories :D*Wasn't planning on putting this out today - but a bit frustrated with it! Will just come back to it later, hope you guys enjoy it anyway:)*

**|** **|** Next (Coming soon)

It was very much akin to being stranded at sea, Merlin realised as the wooden bench beneath him creaked and his gaze sank into the peaceful landscape.

*Surrounded by water, but not a drop to drink.*

An apt adage indeed…and Merlin despised the sea.

It was simple, really. Sensing magic, coaxing it out gently and carefully, nurturing it’s flows…those were the very first steps. To hear the sweet music it made and paint with its endless colours took a sensitivity few could master, even after a lifetime of trying.

Now, Merlin wished he could turn it all off.

At first, he had presumed his fatigued state and sudden return to power was to blame. After setting eyes upon the ‘computer’, however, he had begun to suspect otherwise. Mastering its use, the truth had soon unfolded.

Electricity, wireless signals, radio waves, pollution, and much more. So much more.

Modern technology was destroying and hijacking the key elements of magic itself, disrupting the flow, dispersing the rare powers that held it together in its natural form and transforming it into something else. Almost magic, but not: a dirty and mutated impostor, amplified and hostile.

Merlin could feel it in his bones, like the very core of his being was being corrupted, struggling to find its foundation.

Stinging and raw energy shot through the air and into him from all angles. Vibrations bombarded his skin in a constant rain of varying frequencies that rattled his skull and sent useless information stampeding into his brain. Neon rivers burned bright at the edge of his senses as they careened through the walls and ground, through the tree tops and away into the burning sun of energy that was the city.  Onward they went, drawing with them surrounding magic before spitting it out in hot and violent splashes.

Why magic had been forgotten and relegated to mere fantasy was all too clear. Technology had not only taken away the need, had not only surpassed its rival, but was actively destroying it. All the while, man was blind to the consequences.

Magic was the one uniting force of all things. The life-blood of the planet. With it in this state…the whole world was in danger, and the signs of demise were beginning to show.  Magic or technology, one of them would have to find a way to co-exist with the other, to evolve. To survive. As did Merlin.

Having managed to take the edge off the effect, the ever-present grating remained, leaving him tired and weak. Weak enough that the long-forgotten feeling of having to control the demonic balance of his power was making itself known. That, he knew, spelled danger for all.

Which made the task at hand even greater.  Jesse was depending on him to find a weapon, mere child’s play for the great Merlin, surely? A basic spell, a spot of teleportation here and there, and faster than you could skin a newt it would be done, Jesse saved, next up: the world.

Alas, Merlin could only wish.  It was far from the horrid truth. He was unsure and afraid.

Pushing his pure magic out into the volatile mix would have unpredictable and wild results, he was sure. A spark to light an explosion, rippling across a flammable plane of unknown quantities. Worse, it could ignite something in him, tipping his delicate balance beyond its limits.

Even trying to connect through Excalibur had been useless. He had no choice.

Jesse was *dying*, and he had to ignore everything else. Ignore the risk of his power and ever-waiting demonic side. Ignore the dying world. Ignore his heart and the deep longing for Nimue that still lingered there painfully.

Ignore the fact that Arthur could still be alive…

Oh, how the thought had plagued him since seeing Galahad in the ‘video’. Only the grail could have granted such longevity, and if he had found it, there was no doubt in Merlin’s mind that he would have returned it to Arthur.

King Arthur would have never have entertained the thought of drinking from the goblet, he was sure, but the monster he had become? The monster Merlin’s power had turned him into?

Shaking his head, he pushed the thought back. No. Jesse was the key, chosen by Excalibur. Save her, and the rest will follow.

*Focus, Merlin!*

Closing his eyes, he descended deep into his centre, his pulse slowing. Gathering his intent, he expanded his energy out and around him with an opening of his right hand and a slight exhale of breath, forming an invisible spherical shield that  beat and swelled with the steady rhythm of his heart.

Outside the sphere the air whipped and slapped against its edge, as if in protest of the calm within. It would not hold forever; time was of the essence.

Gently, he projected his mind out through the sphere, as if extending a tunnel from its surface, keeping its protective shield around him as he rose inch by inch, his body remaining firmly anchored below.

Up his spirit went, a 360-degree view of his surroundings opening before him as the weight of his body was left behind. Such dizzying lightness purveyed through his being that for a second, Merlin almost let go of his tether.

He had rose as far as was safe, poised to cast his net. Conjuring the image of Excalibur in his mind’s eye, he could feel its unique power, feel the sense of a soul enchanted and melded into cold steel and killing intent. Holding the feeling, he prepared to speak the words of the ancient spell.

The words served to access a room amidst his magic, as if a key, allowing him to summon the feeling of the spell and the magic it conjured. The words themselves had no other purpose, serving only as a personal access mechanism to what he needed. To anyone else, they would be useless.

“Inveniet scorigo”

Just as the last syllable ran off crisp and sharp, all hell broke loose.

Like a flame to oil, his tongue licked the air, lighting everything around him in a terrifying reaction that spread like wildfire, the spell burned away and forgotten.

His connection, his grounding, disappeared, gone in an almighty explosion of power that rocked the sphere below. Merlin was only able to stare as it burgeoned before detonating, a growing shock-wave rising up to him.

He braced his spirit for impact.  Spread thin with no chance to return to his body, he was wide open. The forces hit him with an unrelenting and vengeful surge.

Pain erupted in his very being as the forces routed through in a hailstorm of raw energy. Desperately he tried to claw his way back towards his body, his only hope. The currents blocked his path at each turn, unpredictable and endless.

It was futile.

“Oi, Wizard. Quit it, you’re scaring the dog”

A voice, distant. Anger in its tone. The softest sensation of a hand on his body’s shoulder.

“Wizard, I’m warning you. Stop….”

Goemon.

*A mere peasant creature like him addressing the mighty Merlin so…*

Merlin felt anger rising, and with it, something else. Dread consumed him. He tried to fight the feeling, but he had nothing to offer the thought except panic.

*Who is he to judge! How dare he? He should cower before me! Filthy beast!*

Not a beast, Goemon, an ally! Chosen by Jesse!

*Too long have I have hidden, hidden away in that cave, blocked by childish fears!*

No, no, no, anything but this., Merlin pleaded in his mind. The tide was rising, red and inevitable. He had to act, had to stop it.

With a desperate push, he reached out to anything and everything that would connect to him, trying to overload the senses and drown it out, whatever it took to quell the demon rising inside of him.

Images filled his mind, random and blistering, colliding with his own thoughts and smashing them to pieces as they flew past. Through it all, glimpses came. A woman. Surrounded by light.

Merlin’s breath stopped. Nimue.

Floating still in the black sea of the void, she glowed heavenly in a white aura, two ribbons of light tied to each hand at her sides. One led to Merlin, and the other, off into infinity. Merlin’s line was warped and fading, shooting pulsing colours down it and through Nimue.

He called to her with his mind, but there was no response, only a heavy and cold thickness that sent shivers through him. It was then that he finally understood how she had cast a spell so powerful, why she was in this place, of all places.

She was dying. Expending her life-force to power the spell, and now Merlin’s side was broken, she was fading away.

A sorrow the likes of which Merlin thought he would never experience again rose within him. Cold and dark energy filled his spirit.

Was everyone he dared love destined to suffer so?

The intense feelings shot down the line from Merlin, through Nimue and down the other hand.

As if in reply, a face flashed before him, too quick to recognise except for the vibrant red lips that stood stark in the centre, wet and venomous looking, before fading away.

Nothing else came as the last flutters of energy from the desperate act began to fade, Nimue disappearing into the distance as the hills and mountains returned around him.  The growling-deep voice spoke again, powered by the torrent of negative emotion.

*I know how I can solve this.*

Merlin tried to drift away, to give up.

*Embrace the volatile power around us. Take it into the other me. The side that is strong…remember?*

He did remember. He remembered waking to the carnage in Carmarthen with its fire and terror filled screams. He remembered Arthur’s pained and dying appearance as he had brought him back from the brink, changed and demonic.

He remembered how good the power felt, how infinite.

*You will die Merlin. If you die, so will she…and with her, the world.*

Jesse, dead. Yet another innocent victim.

But the world?

*Just for a moment, use it. Reconnect. Find the weapon and control the power. Save her, Merlin!*

Maybe he could. Maybe he could use just enough, control it.

He knew better…but there was no other choice. He let go, praying that the fate of Carmarthen was not to be repeated.

Instantly a cyclone of red and twisting energy exploded from his spirit and extended down to his body below, drawing in the forces around it as it spiralled, surging through them with ease.

A rush of ecstasy poured through him as his spirit and physical form united, the burst of power straightening his spine and thundering into the ground below, a wave of dust flying up.

The storm of techno-energy in the air around did nothing to disturb Merlin any longer.

Wasting no time, he spoke the words with all the force he had. It had to work, had to be powerful. All or nothing.

Like slinging a large stone into a peaceful pond, a monstrous wave of energy rippled out from his mind and into the horizon. Immediately Merlin felt a response, so close and potent it was startling. Blood. Evil. Madness. All twisted into a weapon crafted by pure terror. Others far more distant were drowned out over the weapons commanding presence and mournful cry that seemed to linger across the sky. It knew it had been found.

As if being pushed off balance from the edge of a cliff, Merlin felt the control of his power destabilising against the evil response.  Never had he expected such a quick and powerful weapon to be found so near. His focus lost, the powers within began rampaging once more, transforming wildly and without direction.

All around he could suddenly feel life, in all its forms. Goemon, Kuma, the birds and even the thousands of insects and blood-sucking mosquitoes drifting up from the river and through the trees. The dark side of the magic was searching, the finding spell warping and changing into something else. Like a loud screech taking over his senses he felt the overload of all the information drowning out his own thoughts.

Somehow, he managed to hold on, until a sound jarred him out of focus. A dog’s bark, piercing and shrill. All of Merlin’s senses suddenly attuned to the hound through all the distortion and noise. As it concentrated, a feeling swept over him, a force bubbling to the surface, foreign and nauseating. Bones, teeth, fur, wet organs within. An eruption of power thrust toward the canine, a mix of Merlin's own powers, both pure and demonic, shooting through the mix of energy in the air, full of strange intent.

Merlin opened his eyes to see an arc of red and blue lightning crack out from his body and strike Kuma in the side, sending him flying towards the temple with a whelp. Goemon stood in front, a fist already on course for Merlin’s stomach, his eyes flared with anger.

The surprise and confusion mixed with the sudden threat of the attack. Merlin tried to block, to move, but his physical body remained still. Instead, the rampaging power inside found and moved something else, something wanting to break free. Something similar to itself. The mountain groan and cracked.

Goemon’s fist landed, but not into Merlin.

Blocking its path was a giant of a man over 2 metres tall, with ragged black hair that ran down his shoulders and across an exposed chest between loose Japanese robes. Muscles twitched along his long white arms as he held Goemon’s fist in his own with ease, a smile breaking across his face through his thick beard.  Pure blackness oozed from where his eyes should have been, smoke leaking out from the edges. A demon, and judging from the feel of his power, not a mere minion. A Lord.  Fear shot through Merlin.

What had he done?

Merlin tried to warn Goemon, but could not speak, his head tilting up at the pressure of the power that was still building and rising up his spine. All he could do was moan, like being trapped in a sealed room that was slowly flooding the final few inches to the top.

The demon’s free hand shot out and grabbed Goemon’s neck, black smoke swarming around the rock like fingers.

“Oh, what’s this? Hahaha, a Tengu? No…something more…how fortunate” the demon’s deep voice rumbled in Merlin’s chest.

Thick smoke poured form the giant’s gaping mouth and rolled through the air in bulbous clouds towards Goemon. Probing at the nose and ears it went, pushing and billowing, trying to force its way in.

A master of possession.

After a few moments it sucked back as Goemon tried desperately to free himself from the Herculean grip around his neck, strained gurgles escaping his reddened face as he tried to breath. Feathers rolled across his arms, failing to take hold.

“Hmmm, able to resist, how very…” the demon said as he let Goemon drop to the floor, “unique!”

In a blur his right foot slammed into Goemon’s chest, sending him flying over the garden’s edge and tumbling over the hillside down to the creek, a splash sounding his arrival at the bottom.

“Still…this body has it’s uses” the demon added, admiring the bulging muscles in the outstretched limb. Turning around, he looked down upon Merlin, his face full of contempt.

All Merlin could see was red. Everywhere. Bleeding into everything around him. There was no time left. He had tried to hold back, and he had failed. Now he was but a mere bystander, trapped inside his own body, waiting for the inevitable.

Would he get to watch this Demon kill his friends, or would he do it?

The giant demon grabbed him around the shoulders, lifting him up as if he were a doll.

“Was it you who freed me from this mountain?  Let me repay your kindness!”

The giant threw him to the ground in a blur of movement. Merlin heard the crack of bones, but he was numb to any pain. Any moment now, his own demonic side would be fully unleashed.

Blow after blow rained down on his body in thundering crashes that failed to register to him as the Giant followed through with a volley of blows.

With each thud Merlin felt the heartbeat of a beast growing louder, like a drum heralding a coming doom. He watched as clouds began to form overhead, birds flew from the trees, and the very air began to fizz.

And then the blows stopped.

A scream pierced through Merlin’s senses. Taro, the boy. Glancing across to his side with all the effort he could muster, Merlin saw Taro cowering, looking up at the giant with fearful eyes. Merlin knew no mercy would be found in the dark heart of a demon, and with dread watched as a hand far bigger than the boys head reached forward to grab him.

A piercing bark, a growl like thunder, and the Demon was reeling back clutching his hand, a trickle of red across the palm.

Between the boy and the giant was a beast. Larger than even a wolf, its fur as black as night and shimmering, long and pointed like thick daggers. Electric crackled along its limbs that looked wrong and painfully stretched across bones exposed at the joints. A gaping wound in its side pulsed and throbbed with a red glow, electric blue cracking over the surface. Looking to it’s eyes Merlin suddenly realised.

*Kuma*. How in the world?

Kuma’s eyes twitched and winced with pain as the electric sparked, but he stood his ground, thick saliva leaking from the huge teeth in his open and snarling mouth.

Taro had fallen, kicking the ground and scrambling backwards on his hands in a panic, taking the chance Kuma presented to make his escape, mumbling Kuma’s name over and over in disbelief.

The giant smiled before moving at a dazzling speed, grabbing Kuma by the sides and dragging him to the ground in bear-like hold.

Desperately Kuma tried to snap at the man’s neck, spit flying off in all directions, but the giant evaded, landing thundering punches into the dog's exposed ribs.

Kuma howled, a haunting and drawn out sound that seemed to reverberate in Merlin’s skull. There was a loud crack, and the giant stood, Kuma’s body dangling from one hand. Laughing, the giant tossed him over to Taro.

“Kuma! No!” the boy screamed, jumping to the beast.

“You can join the little monster soon enough, boy” grinned the Demon, his pleasure evident in his wildly contorted expression, “but first…”

The demon’s arm shot out, clasping his fingers in the empty air. As they writhed under an unknown force, Goemon’s head suddenly came into view, followed by the rest of his body, the white cape shimmering around him. Kicking and punching with all his might, nothing seemed to affect the giant.

“You again, fool. Are you really so eager to die? Very well!”

The Demon’s arms wrapped around Goemon’s head and chest and began to squeeze. Goemon’s moans sent a chill through Merlin, adding to Taro’s own pain filled sobs.

And then the screams stopped, the tree trunk arms loosened, and Goemon rolled away to safety.

Smoke plumed from the mouth of the giant and into the air, moving in tight spirals away and down the creek., a laugh echoing around them as it went.

The giant body staggered, and fell to the floor, still and motionless.

As it fell, Jesse was revealed at its back, panting heavily, Excalibur clasped in both hands, slick with red blood. Her eyes were wide and unblinking.

Merlin could see the shivers of energy going through her, rippling down the golden feathers of her sword hand.

Exhaling, she broke free from her blood induced trance and ran across to Merlin, lifting his head carefully off the dusty ground.

As Jesse’s hand cradled him, Merlin felt as if a light was shining down from the heavens. The red tide subsided. The barrage of external forces seemed to calm and settle not just in Merlin, but all around. Control began to return to his body, a cool breeze through his veins.

“It’s you” he said, staring wide-eyed at Jesse. Was she the key to everything?

“Merlin, are you ok?” Jesse shouted, startling Merlin from his stupor, “..what happened here?”

She wasn’t panicking, Merlin realised, but rather, she was seeing through the panic, assessing. She had grown so much already. Such was the way when learning through suffering.

Merlin pushed himself up to a sitting position, relief flooding through him in welcome waves. The hell inside had not been unleashed. All that remained now was guilt, and of course, the pain that cried out from his back, amongst other places. Something felt broken.

“You should kill the wizard now,” came a hoarse voice from behind Jesse, Goemon stepping into view, his face bloody and bruised, “he did this, brought that monster here. Almost got all of us killed”

Merlin couldn’t deny what Goemon was saying. Gritting his teeth in pain, he spoke.

“It is true Jesse, I …this world…the magic has changed. I thought I could control it, but…I…failed…Jesse you need to know…”

Jesse’s brow was furrowed, her eyes darting to and fro, trying to make sense of the situation.

“Where did that thing go?” she said, eyes flicking up to meet Merlin’s, her grip still firmly around Excalibur’s hilt.

“Down the creek” Goemon answered, gesturing with his hand.

“Goemon, follow me. Merlin, stay with the boy and do not try anything else!”

“Jesse, wait, I do not think it wise to…”

Before Merlin could, finish, a high-pitched wail made them all turn, Merlin painfully so.

“Jesse!” Taro screamed, “Help, please! Hurry! Help him! Kuma saved me! Don’t let him die”

Taro was panicking, leaning over Kuma, trying to get close as sparks fizzed and flew across his enlarged body.

Jesse blinked, finally dropping Excalibur from its raised and ready position. A caring and concerned look swept over her face, replacing the cold and hard expression of before.

The dog’s breathing was almost too shallow to notice, blood pouring from the wound at its side as Jesse approached. Blood dripped from Excalibur, trailing across the ground.

“Taro, move back” she said, approaching the hound. Sniffling and reluctant, Taro stepped away.

Merlin watched on past the ever-watchful gaze of Goemon. If things had been tense between them, now they were down-right dangerous.

Jesse placed her right hand on Kuma’s hind legs, the armour from the fingers peeling away to reveal her skin. With gentle and slow strokes, she ran her fingers through the mottled hair, tears forming in her eyes.

“I’m sorry, Kuma” she said, her voice low. The dog’s eyes looked across at Jesse, heavy and blinking, making contact with Jesse’s own, as if it could understand her words.

“Do something, Jesse! Please!” Taro screamed, causing Jesse to jump.

Suddenly her expression changed, a flash of inspiration. Taking hold of the sword laid down next to her, she closed her eyes.

The hand that was still on Kuma’s side began to glow with a golden light that seeped into his body. The electric that had been shooting across him calmed before ceasing.

Kuma growled, his head lifting and shaking, before falling back with the effort.

“He’s fighting it…” Jesse said, opening her eyes.

Merlin looked on in awe. What was she doing? The dog was beyond help, a mess of forces that had transformed him into a monster.

“Kuma!” Taro yelled, “let her help you!”

The boy grabbed the dog’s ears, thrusting his forehead onto Kuma’s own, staring right into his eyes.

“Let her help you boy, please…” he said, weeping, “you’re my only friend!”

The dog suddenly seemed to relax, and the seeping golden glow encased his body. Jesse’s eyes closing once more.

Merlin felt the forces merging, coming together in a perfect harmony as the glowing shape decreased in size. When the glow faded, there Kuma lay, once again a small puppy, except for a golden mane that shone around his neck and down to his tail.

“Kuma!” Taro shouted with joy as he and lifted him into the air. Sleepy, the pup slowly opened it eyes and licked his face.

“It worked…” Jesse said, as if she didn’t believe it herself. Merlin saw Excalibur glowing in pulses at her side.

“Yes” Jesse said, “I know.”

She stood up, turning to face Merlin and Goemon. Casting her eyes in the direction the Demon went, she exhaled deeply, and flicked her gaze back to the two of them.

The cold hard look had returned. Merlin felt his heart sink.

“Tell me everything that just happened”

**|** **|** Next (Coming soon)**\[WP\] The first ever off-world life form is about to die. Since Death has no way of reaching it, he is now demanding humans to build a spacecraft that'll take him to it. Whether or not humanity will help, and whether or not the alien life form is reaped is all up to a group of rocket scientists.** 

"Humans, I must commend you all on this achievement. Never in all eternity did I dream of having to reap across the stars, nor of the technology to achieve it" Death said, his haunting voice cracking over the radio into the control room.

The humans gathered there exchanged nervous glances as one man moved to speak.

"Death, godspeed. We wish you a speedy return"

"Thank you General, may your souls wait until then" Death replied coldly.

The General's hand moved towards the large red button encased in a rectangular plastic guard. Flicking it open, he slammed his hand down.

Flames exploded from the bottom of the rocket as it soared into the sky.

The General and the rest of them waited, barely daring to breathe. Disappearing into the void went the craft, separation occurring flawlessly as the long range engines activated.

Could it be? Had they really done it? The General looked slowly over to the man next to him, and then around at his staff. A smile spread across his face as cheers erupted, high fives clapped and backs slapped.

"We've done it boys!" the General roared between laughs.

Death was not on a course to the planet he had demanded to be sent to. The engines would not last the journey. He was being set to drift endlessly through the cosmos.

A new age had dawned for them all....or so they had thought.

Little did they know what they had done.**\[WP\] The Evil Overlord infiltrates the hero's party as a new member. The hero's party realizes this, but they instead pretend not to and pamper him with love and acceptance.** 

Evil as dark as night. Pain as deep as the ocean. A mind as fractured as a stained-glass window fallen from it's holy heights.

Such things could not be fixed with mere love and acceptance. With hugs and kind words. With friendship.

No. Such things could only fester and grow, demanding to be fed as they consumed and destroyed everything in their path.

He could no more return their love than he could understand it. Their acceptance meant nothing. It only served to fuel the need inside of him.

Still, he smiled. When asked upon, he answered. When hugged, he hugged back, feigning a reluctance that only endeared him to them more.

He knew they knew. Saw how it divided them. Saw how they rallied around their misguided Hero who promised them it was possible.

It was too sweet to end so soon. No, he would wait, savouring the taste as long as he could before inflicting a be-fitting end to their measly existence.

Taking his hand off the firing mechanism that controlled explosives planted many months before, Drayorn relaxed.

Maybe he'd kill them next weekend. Maybe.Clutching his wife's hand who sat beside him, perched carefully on his hospital bed amongst the wires and tubes, Bob smiled. From face to face his gaze went, slow and sure, tears filling his eyes as he saw his family for what he knew would be the last time. They were all here, even some friends, too.

It was the perfect way to go, a quiet and peaceful end to a life that had been anything but.

The clock went red, 10 seconds were left. Looking one last time at his wife, Bob strained against the pain, reaching deep into his lungs for one last meaningful push of air.

"I...love..you" he whispered, riding the last pain filled rasp that escaped him.

The room faded to a deep blue as all the images of his life played across the walls, sweet music from his life playing softly in the background.

5 seconds left. His hand fell from her grasp.

"End of Life procedure initiated, Goodbye Bob" came the familiar robotic female voice of the Mother AI, the same one that had entered him into this world, as it had done for them all.

As his vision faded, a glass caccoon encased where he lay, clunking shut with a hiss of air as his family looked on. The clock behind them hit 0. Bob closed his eyes.

With a whoosh of gas, his pod was ejected from the room, Bob feeling the intense forces of the speed upon his body as all went black around him.

No pearly gates. No Angels in chorus. No bright lights or flashing images of his life. All that accompanied Bob 'post 0' was the thrumming of the pod and the sounds of air streaming past. He opened his eyes once more, just one at first, then the other. He was still alive. Still breathing, and with increasing strength.

He reached for the control at the side of his bed, pushing the red button that called for assistance.

"I'm sorry Bob, your calls for help will not be answered" the Mother AI spoke, it's tone flat and distant.

"Mother, I'm still alive, I can...I can breathe" Bob said between coughs. He sat up, pressing his palms against the pods sides.

"Your time has come, and the time is never wrong" it droned.

Panic rose in Bob as he saw far below a large and glowing green pool, hundreds of pods similar to his circling around it, swooping down to eject their occupants screaming and flailing their limbs around them as they fell to be instantly consumed by the writhing liquid.

Bob's pod made it's dive, Bob bouncing around within as the force of the movement threw him.

"Goodbye Bob. You had a good life. Termination procedure initiated" the Mother said as the Glass flew back and the bed rocketed Bob into the air.

Bob fell, his lungs burning from whatever the air was made of in this place. Green consumed his vision as the lake of death approached. Now Bob saw the flashing images, his life passing by his his mind's eye the final time as he felt the rushing realisation of certain death.The guards of the Emperor closed in down the narrow cobbled streets that led to Peter's dead-end alley, their fast whispers cutting through the night air like knives. There was no where for Peter to hide, nowhere to run. They would soon be upon him.

On one side of the alley lay a large mound of decaying rubbish tumbled against the high wall, and at the end, an old homeless man slouched, a bottle empty and heavy in his limp hand.

With no other option, Peter dashed past the putrid smelling waste and to the man, echoes of his wooden sandals serving to wake him as he arrived, panting and desperate.

Pinching his nose, Peter looked at him. He smelt worse than the rubbish. Burping, the man gazed back through half-closed eyes, opening his mouth as if to speak, but only muffled air escaping his lips.

He had no tongue.

The old man sighed and turned his attention to the bottle, but seeing it empty, threw it nosily away.

The Emperors men rounded the corner and entered the alley, their large pointed hats and collars casting deep and terrifying shadows down across it. The uniforms served to enhance the volume of their spells, increasing the power and range.

Peter didn't have a chance.

Frantically he tried to speak the words his mind knew, the words he could say at lightning speed in the sanctum of his own privacy, but failed to reproduce in simple words in-front of others, or when he needed.

"B...B...bbbbb" he said, his chapped and sore lips failing him, his terror only adding to his impediment.

The old man rose beside him, and touched Peter's shoulder. Peter turned to face him, the man's smile at odds with the gravity of the situation.

Extending a finger, the old man poked Peter in the forehead.

"rrooo" he said, motioning with his hand a slow and steady motion. Slow.

Suddenly the word seemed to spin and whirl around the point on his head the man had touched, emblems and rotating circles swimming in his vision.

Blinding pain split through his skull, a crack of lightning exploding within.

He hit the floor, his eyes barely able to see, his mind wandering seemingly outside his body. Hobbling slowly, the old man walked on, approaching the guards who stood ready to pounce on their quarry. Glancing once back at Peter, he smiled, before he was split into a million pieces on the end of a slurry of words, his blood painting the sandy coloured walls a deep crimson.

Peter watched as a few drops drifted to his face in slow motion, splattering lightly against his cheek in a warm kiss.

As they hit him, his consciousness returned in a sharp buzz, and he rose, slowly and carefully.

Suddenly, everything was so clear in his mind. The words. The spells. The way to say them.

Looking up and fearing an attack, his breath escaped him. The old man's body still had not hit the ground, falling as if the whole world had slowed to a near stop. The emperor's guard's behind him ran while barely moving, their words nothing but drawn out drones.

What had the old man done to him?

"Barricadus Erectorrum!" the boy screamed, the r's rolling across the end of the word in an instant, the force of the spell breaking out and forward to surround the guards in a sapphire cube. The effect far surpassed the simple wall he had intended.

Peter couldn't believe it. The old man had somehow fixed him, and more than that, given him the gift of dilating time. With throbbing feelings in his head, Peter pushed and squeezed the almost tangible sense of the time around him, watching as it sped and slowed to his will.

The throb turned into an ache, and his nose bled.

He was riding his luck. Sparing one last look at the remains of the old man and blessing his soul to the gods, he ran past the barricade that would eventually fall, and into the night.Tea makes everything better.

The small fish swimming idly deep below the surface of the Boston Harbor could not see the chaos unfolding high above, nor could he hope to understand it. What occupied the small brain of the simple creature was where to get his next meal, and maybe, if he was lucky, find his mate.

Little did he know what was brewing in the currents of fate.

As the emotions of man ran hot, the water deep below remained cold. As the forces and tides of change began to billow in the wind like the great sails of the ships that cast shadows long and deep into his world, all remained still below.

In the powers and forces that collided in this charged and historical moment, a magical-spark lit in the depths of the blue, shining bright like a star.

The fish had never seen anything as beautiful, and began to swim towards it, an urge beyond his understanding driving his actions.

The chaos above had reached boiling point, and with mighty splashes like thunder, boxes of tea began to plummet into the sea, spilling their contents in growing shadows of brown that spread across the Harbor.

The fish was almost upon the star as the boxes sank like teabags in a pot, encircling the magical spark that was still rising, the water beginning to fizzle. The fish reached the star just as the tea entered his gills, flowing through him. A golden glow exploded out from the star and enveloped his small body.

The spark had captured it all; the emotion, the technology, the knowledge, the culture, and most importantly; the magic of nature.

All deposited neatly inside the small fish's now huge brain. Of course, it tasted great, too.

The journey of Bob, the first of his kind, had not been easy from that point. 246 years had passed. 246 years of surviving, of building, and of never forgetting the betrayal of the men above. They would pay for their crimes, and they would pay for their blasphemy.

For tea would not be spilt, without equal measures of blood.

Now his army was complete, his cities built. He had spread and manifested the spark into a civilisation able to match any of the surface world.

He knew that Britain had declined in recent times, but with his help, they would become great again. Taking control, he would be the leader to steer them on, to right the wrongs of history, to settle the score with their enemies.

Starting with America."We can't just leave them there, Bob!" cried Anne, her remaining eye open wide and fearful as she peered through the window on the square below. A group of 10 humans were being surrounded on all sides, their positions among turned over cars and debris becoming more precarious by the second as the hordes closed in, undettered by the rounds upon rounds of ammunition being unloaded into them.

"They would kill us in a heartbeat, Anne. It's probably what they came here to do" muttered Gary from his position at the side of the room.

They probably had. What other reason was there for them to risk coming into this City? It was ground-zero. Where it had all began all those years ago.

Bob had seen this scenario played out many times before. They had survived this long by avoiding them, not getting involved, sticking to the edges and the shadows and being damned careful. He saw no reason to change that policy now.

"There's a child, Jack!" Anne screamed pointing to the back of the group, one of them sheltering another smaller one behind her.

"God damnit" Bob muttered, "Gary, suit up. You're with me"

"Here we go again" breathed Gary as he rose slowly up and dusted himself off.

"The rest of you, do not engage. This is a smash, grab and ditch operation. Once we have them clear of the horde, we circle back. Frank, man the comms"

"Aye captain!" Frank sarcastically hollered as Gary and Bob exited the apartment and headed for the stairs.

"We taking the dozer, boss?" Gary eagerly inquired.

"What else?" Bob replied, a smurk playing on his lips.

After descending the few floors to the basement car park, they found their ride and hopped in. It was a heavily customized truck, it's front resembling that of a ship more than anything else. It was used for battering the shit out of whatever was in their way, splatters of deep red blood displaying its purpose like proud badges.

It roared to life as Bob turned the key, the immense engine surging with power. it was one of many vehicles they had collected in the city, their base of operations. Just one of many perks of living here and setting up camp, periodically searching for others like them in the areas around.

They were putting that all at risk doing this.

"Hoods up" he told Gary as he slipped his balaclava over his head and face. His features were still remarkably human, only a greeny-black tinge that darkened around his eyes the true sign of what he was. What they all were.

The truck burst through the barrier of crumpled cars that hid the entrace to the underground car park, and began to make its way down the street towards the congregation of zombies and people.

"Frank, any Alphas? Betas?" Bob asked into the truck receiver, hoping the answer would be no.

"Not that I can see Boss" Frank's voice cracked over the radio.

"Roger that"

Alphas were the worst. Zombies still, they had enhanced intelligence, strength and speed, could even communicate. Most of all, they had an enhanced urge to feed and kill. Alphas meant trouble, and where there were Alphas, Betas were sure to follow. They were the listeners, taking cues from the alphas, like lemmings.

Bob and his gang? They were something else entirely.

The last of the cars on the street smashed away as they entered into the throng of the horde circling around the people in the centre. From what they could see, only a few remained, huddled around a woman and her child, and they were falling fast. They were about as close as they could get without launching zombies into the group, so Bob brought the truck to a halt.

Sliding the side door of the open as he grabbed the jackhammer shotgun on its wall, Bob jumped down, Gary bouncing down just beside him, a sawn-off at this side.

Normally at this point, surrounded by this many Feeders, they would slowly move through them, trying not to arouse any interest in themselves. It was often good enough to remain unscathed. Given half a reason though, the mindless beasts would soon turn on them too, fellow zombie or no.

This time however, a show was needed. Raising the hefty weapon to his side, he took the head clean off the nearest one with a echoing bang. That should do it.

The horde turned to them just as Gary began motioning for the group to head there way. Bob dived in to the masses, shotgun firing wildly and drawing them away. He couldn't lie, he enjoyed it.

As green blood and body parts flayed around, he saw the humans attempting to reach Gary and failing miserably , being cut down despite their best efforts. He made a bee-line back for Gary just in time for the mother and young child to jump into the truck, the man behind them pulling pulled away and under.

Gary and Bob cleared a space around the door, and jumped in, closing it's heavy steel weight with a slam.

The woman was screaming incessantly, looking at her child. A large red wound on her leg, festering black already was the cause of her distress.

"Gary, back to base now!" Bob yelled.

This could be it. The test Anne had been waiting for. To see if she could somehow control the process that had turned us into this, instead of into them. Looking through the small window of the truck, he could see the masses trying to follow, and then giving up. Just for good measure, Gary pressed a button and instantly behind them was a small explosion, and a wall of flame.

He wasn't sure what they would do with the mother. But for now, she was safe at least.

Bob removed his Balaclava, and the woman screamed.A book with such an inticing title deserved at least one line to be added, as a gest to the next who came across it.

"Alternate Historys, Written by you" was the title. The contents: empty.

I had found it among the stacks of books to be processed for sorting at the library where I spent my days. Working of course, albeit in a minor role.

I just adored books. The smell, the feel, the thickness of knowledge that each contained. Whole new worlds waiting to be found, new ideas waiting to be explored. Crappy jobs to forever be trapped in...

Anyway, the book had been empty, and rather than toss it on the pile for disposal, I thought I would write a few lines and move it along for the next person.

Now what would be something witty and charming to write, to start it off on the right foot? Nothing came, a painful reminder that although I enjoyed reading, writing was not my thing. Still, I wanted to leave something, and a thought sprung to mind with a pang of my coffee withdrawal induced headache.

*22/09/2019 S.Pole : Forgot morning coffee before work and barely functioning. Therefore, a logical alternate history is that I did in-fact get a coffee, and that coffee somehow remained perfectly warm and tasty until this very moment, right on my desk, poised to relieve my aching head.*

I closed the book and slid it over to the correct pile, next to the coffee.

The coffee. A warm aroma filling the room. My nostrils twitching. A coffee. On the desk.

I jumped backwards, knocking over the chair and rolling across the floor. Quickly I rose, as if the coffee would jump off the desk and attack me. Correcting my glasses, I looked closely. Yes, yes, still a bloody coffee on the desk.

I left the room, waited, and came back in, darting a quick glance at the desk. Fuck, still there.  
My heart raced.

"Fuckkkk" I quietly screamed to myself in a high squeel as I paced around the room.

Slowly, I managed to calm myself and sit back down, and rather than reach for the coffee, I once again took hold of the book.

*22/09/2019: The coffee was actually never there.*

As soon as my pen dotted the period mark, I shot my glance at the coffee like a cat spotting a mouse at its side, my hands slamming on the table.

It was gone. Not even the warm magical smell remained.

Honestly, it didn't make it much better, but I began to calm ever so slightly.

Could this book be the real deal? Could it really be re-writing history, or had I somehow ingested some mushroom spores on the way to work, or been spiked in the library kitchen?

I needed to try something again, and this time, follow it through. First though, to ensure I wasn't tripping balls, I took a quick stroll out of the small room and through the library.

A few casual conversations later with fellow workers and customers, I was sure everything was well within the norm. I wasn't tripping, I wasn't asleep, and today was just like any other boring day at work.

I returned to the room.

*22/09/2019: S.Pole has actually been working out twice every day at the gym for the last few months, and has seen some great results.*

Buttons flew across the desk as my shirt exploded off my chest with a audible ripping sound. Looking down, I could not see my stomach over my now sizable pecs. I stood up, my clothes falling away ripped and in tatters as if I was the hulk.

My muscles weren't huge, but rather, I had been so thin and weak that any increase would have been enough to break the clothes that would look more suited to a child than a man.

This was frigging awesome!

Without bothering to worry about my appearance, I sat back down in my pants. Now was the time to get serious, pantsboy.

*22/09/2019: S.Pole : Any history written in this book will have no bearing on S. Poles existence, as proven in history, throughout all time.*

There we go, a bit of insurance at least incase I cock things up. Now, whats next?

*22/09/2019: S.Pole: Gloria, the new hire at the Library at which S.Pole works, suddenly discovered on this morning that she was madly in love with Mr Pole, and would do anything to gain his affection.*

I stood up quickly, excited to see how Gloria, one of the prettiest girls I had ever known, would react as I came through her area. Ah, pants.

*22/09/2019 : S.Pole had fantastic new clothes delivered this morning to the desk he is now at*

Clothed and looking rather fabulous, I literally ran out the door and across the library, searching for Gloria. My search didn't last long. She found me.

"Steven! You look amazing!" she shouted as she pounced on me, dragging me into a nearby aisle.

Her intense stare led into a hug, a kiss, and within moments, my heart was melted. I knew this was kind of wrong, but it felt so right!

As we kissed, I found myself drifting away into the sea of ideas that formed in my mind. The possibilities this book provided were endless, and of all people, it had come to me!

Tonight, the world would be changed, forever. After my shift, of course.I was only 6 years old when I first passed away.I remember my Father holding my hand at my beside, my body frail and thin, a fever burning through me.

"Do not forget us Manuel, wait for us on the other side. We will join you. Never forget. We love you, so, so much" he said through tears and painful sobs.

"I love you, papa" was all I could say as my last breath escaped my lips.

A beautiful Angel had appeared before me, beckoning to take my hand, it's face smiling and gentle. Cautiously I had reached up to take it, wiping my wet eyes and looking back at my Father crumpled over my lifeless body, the vision fading away in the light as he screamed, "Manuel!!".

I knew I had died, and assumed I was on my way to heaven, where I would wait for them.

I had walked with the Angel for some time through the light, crying as we went, when she bent down to speak to me, her face in line with mine, her arms holding me by the shoulders, then cupping my cheeks tenderly.

"Such a strong boy" she had said, the words soothing and warm.

"When will we get to heaven, Miss Angel?" I had asked, daring for the first time to look her in her eyes. She was so beautiful.

"Now, now Manuel, not so fast" she said, a knowing smile on her face, "you're too young for heaven yet. You need to live more, experience the world fully, grow your soul and your heart. Heaven can wait" she added, patting me on the chest and head so softly.

"..but my family, I have to wait, my Daddy said..." I had pleaded, looking back down the white tunnel.

"Trust me Manuel, one day you will be together again, but now you must live! Tell me, what would you like to have the most in your new life?" she had asked, and I had known the answer instantly.

"To remember everything, Angel lady. My papa told me to never forget" I had said so quickly she seemed taken aback.

She clasped me by the hands and said, "If you sure, Manuel"

"I'm sure" I said, wiping more tears and weakly smiling as she faded away.

And so I had been reborn for the first time, only realising when I was around 4 years of age in my second life. I had been born into a girls body then, and when the old memories had begun to surface I had been very confused, and almost thought of them as an imaginary friend who I could go to for advice, learn from his memories, even if they were in a strange language I could not understand.

Sadly, I didn't fare much better in that life either, an accident taking me before I reached 10 years of age.

Maybe because i had died so young again, I remembered Manuel's wish, felt his burning passion to never forget. I'm not sure if I could still remember all of his life, but his family, my own family in that second life, I could. I didn't want to forget them, either.

The same angel had come to me, the same conversation, the same wish.

It took me many lives to make it past my teens, and with each life I gathered knowledge and requested the same wish each time from the same angel. My knowledge of the growing world grew, the places , the people and the languages and I began to leave myself things behind to mark my passage and aid my next lives. I created journals that I re-wrote each time and hid away in secret locations, detailing my lives in their entirety. 

After more than 100 lives, I had died once more, to find myself 6 years old again, as Manuel, holding the Angel's hand as she beamed a huge smile at me.

"Manuel... it's time" she had said.

"For what?" I had asked, confused.

"To go to heaven. Everyone is waiting for you, Manuel. Over 100 lives and you always remained pure and true to yourself, you deserve it Manuel"

I smiled happily as the light took us, and the voices of friends and family over all my lives began to echo around me.**\[WP\] Fear not the necromancer; His is the tireless arm that defends our land. There is no greater service one can offer the realm than use of that which you no longer need - your body after death. The duty of the living is to live. The duty of the dead is to serve as tireless protectors.** 

The small town carved into the side of the mountain stood still and silent, a silence borne of fear and uncertainty.

Spreading across the dry plains beyond the great gate swarmed an army larger than any of them had ever seen. Hundreds of thousands of soldiers, their armour and weapons glinting in the mid-day sun. The peace the town had known for so long would soon be over.

The Red Army had come for them, like they had for so many others. Ruthless and unrelenting, rampaging across the lands, decimating all in their path. They cared not for the spoils of war, the riches or the women. Wanton destruction and blood was what drove them. Nothing else.

And no resistance would be found here. Peace had been too kind to the simple townsfolk. Almost 1000 years had passed since the last great war, with only tales of legends and heroes from those times remaining, their great statues standing useless and decaying on the high walls. Not even an army to defend them, all they could do was wait.

The town's people watched as one small and ancient man walked through the narrow streets and towards the raised platform where the Mayor stood, quiet. A long white beard trailed around his mid section as he hobbled along in wooden sandals, the slow clip-clop sound they made echoing in the silence.

Rising up to the stage, he approached the Mayor, signalling for his following apprentice to wait below.

"Clemoran, thank you for coming" the Mayor said, shaking the old man's hand clasped around both of his, "it is time, there is nothing more that can be said or done. As the town elder and priest, I ask that you bless our souls as we await our fate, to find eternal rest and salvation and guide us to heaven" he said, resignation written across his face. The crowd assembled around the stage were quiet, staring down.

"Thank you Davoureth, but I refuse" Clemoran said, turning to face the crowd before them as the Mayor mumbled in confusion.

"Many shall die today, dear friends, but not one soul from this place" he intoned, his voice surprisingly strong and deep.

"Many of you have forgotten the legends of our beloved town. Many more will have forgotten the meaning of our unique ways, why the great temple stands tallest against the mountain, and why we honour our dead as we do. Today, I will make you remember, remember who we really are, and how we earned our 1000 years of peace"

Clemoran pulled a small green dagger from his simple robes, a strange glow burning and dancing across it's edges.

"In death, there is only service!" he roared, holding the dagger high in the air.

"In service, there is peace!" replied the towns people, completing the saying they all knew.

Clemoran plunged the blade into his heart. Shocked screams broke out as he fell, toppling down from the stage and onto the floor with a thud.

As some tried to rush to his aid, the apprentice blocked their path.

A green glow was beginning to emanate from Clemoran's lifeless body and sink into the ground beneath. Large thick veins of pulsating energy ran violent across the floor and shot up the walls, their green light throbbing into stone itself. A shudder broke through the town, buildings groaning and stone crumbling.

A mighty roar echoed from the top of the walls, thundering through the town and driving across the plain. The Red Army's swarm stopped their writhing movements and stood still, in shock.

One by one the great statues cracked and split as the town's legends and heroes stepped forward, eyes burning green and toward the enemy.

One stood taller than the rest, a monstrous axe slung across his bear-like back as his horned helmet shone in the sun.

"Arise, great army of Roksen!" he bellowed. The great temple doors swung open as an endless stream of warriors began to pour out from its deep tombs that bored into the mountain like a hive. The towns people shrieked and cried as they passed, watching as they ran through the town and out of the now open gates. There was no sound of their passing, only a breeze as they floated through, transparent green armour and weapons gleaming as if made from glass.

As the screams and sounds of desperate battle began to be heard from the Red Army beyond the wall, the young apprentice began his ascent up the temple steps with Clemoran's body, tears streaming down his face.

Next, would be his turn.

Not to die. No, he had other plans, and they very much involved living. The old man had been too pious and simple in his ways to see what could be done with such a great power, that he didn't need to die to wield it's magic.

Placing Clemoran's corpse onto the temple's altar, and removing the dagger from deep in his chest, Jayon spoke the words. The words Clemoran never would.

"I am....the Necromancer!" he shouted as power exploded from the dagger and up his arm, carving symbols deep into his skin as it went rampaging up to his head.

As the intense glow faded from the sword and the only light in the temple came from his softly glowing eyes, Jayon felt it.

He felt his army slaying the enemy, unstoppable. He felt the fallen from the Red Army ready and waiting for his will to command.

And he was ready to give it.A strong man who had lost it all, by any measure, but had never lost his values, the darkness within him pounded out with each strike of metal in the heat and sparks of his burning forge.

He was a master blacksmith, able to both bend the metal as if it were soft and fresh dough, as well as enchant and withstand the forces of magically imbued weapons with the sheer will of his mind alone. Rippling muscles that bulged through the scarred flesh of his arms leading to dark and giant hands also helped, of course.

The sight of the man in his element, eyes shining with the embers of the flame, bits catching in his dark beard and hair as he pounded the anvil relentlessy, was a sight to behold. A sight to capture a heart, even one as dark and cold as her own.

They were the hands that had scooped her up from the dying masses of soldiers, picking her out while searching for good scrap metal for the forge. He had laid down half the metal, cutting his losses, and carried her over one shoulder, his remaining fare on the other.

With a tenderness one would never imagine of such a man, he had cared for her, not only healing her wounds, but healing her heart.

They fell deeply in love. Bernard the blacksmith, and Lucia, the Dark Sorceress of the South.

But like the forge in which the man toiled, the burning fire of evil inside her was all consuming. It was a constant battle for her to hold back the darkness, to stop it destroying her new found joy and chance at a real life.

Before it did, she decided to tell all. Expecting Bernard to avenge his brothers, avenge the loss of his leg, avenge all those who had suffered and died in the battle against her.

"I love you Lucia, and that is all the matters" were the words that left his mouth after a long silence.

"If only it were that simple, Bernard" Lucia replied meekly, tears forming.

Bernard did not answer, but instead pulled from the depths of his forge a large sword, a sword only a man the likes of Bernard could even hold, let alone wield in battle.

"This sword is made from pure Gernodium, the rarest of metals deep in the Dwarven mines. When you destroyed them, I was there to scavenge the metals, and come across this. Gernodium is renowned for its ability to handle.."

"The darkest of magics" Lucia interrupted, looking Bernard dead in the eye, " I know what you are thinking, but you will not survive the enchantment. My darkness can not be taken and contained in such a weapon"

"That it can, and that it will. If it takes my life in the process, so be it. But you shall be free of this evil, Lucia. You shall be free"

After tortuous days trying to dissuade him, she relented. He would not take no for an answer, insisting he would rather die than see her leave.

They stood before the forge, Bernard holding the sword deep within the fires, Lucia standing next to him, her hand on the hilt, next to his.

"I love you Bernard" she whispered, looking deep into his deep brown eyes.

"and I you , Lucia. Forever and always"

"Forever" she repeated.

"Now Lucia, let it go. I am ready"

Like the rumble of a Tsunami careening towards a shore she felt the surge of her limitless power, born of darkness and raised on blood. Her barriers fell against the onslaught easily, she was not resisting for the first time in her life, rather, she pushed it, willing the flow.

Screams and howls of demons and spirits burst forth from her mouth, her eyes and ears pouring black this smoke. As purple energy streamed into the sword and threatened to spill from it, Bernard pounded the metal with his hammer, screaming and shouting words of the Forgotten smiths of Eldor, words of his Fathers before him, words of power.

Bernards eyes glowed as the fire grew, his very hands turning molten red themselves as his pace increased, matching the screams of Lucia and the darkness that would not stop.

Pieces of flesh began to peel from his hands, his face, his beard lighting and burning.

Through her screams Lucia begged him to stop.

"Bernard, no! It is too much"

"Do. Not. Stop!!!!!" he screamed with such force that the walls began to shake and crumble.

With one last surge of power he heaved his hammer high as bone began to show through his fingers, and slammed it down upon the blade, one final time.

A distant scream screeched across the lands, booming out from Bernard's forge. It was a sad, scared scream, the crying of a trapped soul, a caged evil.

The blade glowed purple in the forge. Lucia opened her eyes, the weight of evil lifting from her soul.

Bernard collapsed.

It was now her turn to save him.A cheeky smile, a practised flick of a finger, a spinning coin arching towards an unsuspecting target. They would usually catch it, confused, and look at me dumbly.

"Penny for your thoughts?" I would say, winking and grinning widely.

It was a fantastically cheesy ice-breaker, a sure fire way to spark up a conversation out of the blue. Whether I received a smile or a scowl, a laugh or a growl, it mattered not. As long as they caught the bit of metal I had flung their way, that's all it took.

Complete access to their thoughts.

Needless to say, this rather strange gift of mine had afforded me a comfortable life full of experiences and adventure, a life that most would dream to live. I had travelled the world, seen all there was to see, done all their was to do, earned enough money to last me a thousand life times.

But somehow, it had begun to feel empty. Like I was meant for more, like I had a deeper purpose waiting for me. I wanted to find what that was.

So, I had returned to my hometown, purchased a modest dwelling and finally made an attempt to settle down. I had a steady girlfriend with whom I had plans to marry, a dog which I adored, and fantastic neighbours who were always ready to share a beer over a BBQ. It wasn't exciting, but it felt good, and I was starting to believe that this was it. This was what I had needed; normality.

I preferred not use my gift much anymore, especially on those closest to me. Things were more surprising that way, more fun, and sometimes, a lot less disturbing. Like now.

I was having a BBQ at my house, hosting my neighbours and their families. Everyone had chipped in a bit for a beer run that Bob, a kind old loner from down the street, had been nice enough to get.

Apparently there had been some change left over, and I thought nothing of it as Bob passed me the pennies that were left from my part, eyes on the BBQ as Bob dropped the coins into my outstretched hand.

It was like everything had suddenly gone grey, all colour ripped away bar a deep and sick focus on the reds, like a smeared and bright red lip-stick on an ugly white face. All I could feel was a sudden and total disconnect from all emotion, except for a complete and burning rage mixed with a strange and vile desire that I couldn't place. I wanted to vomit, and stumbled over the BBQ, almost face planting into the grill.

Bob held me up.

"Easy there, Sam! I think you've been over the heat too long. Let me take over, you go get a drink" he said, as he grabbed the tongs and I stumbled away.

I made it as far as the nearest table, falling into the chair. I couldn't shake the feeling, it was too strong, too abrupt. I lifted my head and focused on Bob, who was flipping burgers with one hand, a beer in his other, a smile over his face as there always was. It could only be him.

His thoughts came through in crystal clear clarity, and they were not on the task at hand.

His basement. A heavily protected metal door. Cameras everywhere. Ropes. Knives and strange tools. Then flashes of young girls faces, parading through his mind until they came to rest on one. A very cute little girl, a girl whose face I knew well.

She was sitting on the grass only a few yards from where I sat.

Bob glanced over at her, and the wave of thoughts and feelings that erupted from him hit me again with such a disgusting force that this time, I did vomit.

I was helped inside and laid down on the couch, insisting the others carry on without me as I tried to peace it all together, as if I could somehow be mistaken, if it wasn't really what I feared it was.

But I had never been wrong, and the visions were so clear. He was going to torture that girl, and broadcast it to some kind of vile network he was a part of, before killing her. I couldn't be sure, but it felt like he may have done it before, or knew people who had.

It looked like I had found my purpose, whether I liked it or not. It was time to save that girl's life, and find out just how deep this went. Normality would have to wait.All I had meant to do was grab him, pull him away from his victim lying at the feet of him and his fellow gang members.

The adrenaline, the heat of the moment, the excitement of my first venture into the world as a hero, something had made me lose control. I stared blankly in shock as warm blood flowed down my arm and spewed over the girl on the floor who was now screaming, her face splattered with red. The other gang members were running or frozen in place, eyes wide and unblinking. I had completely torn away half of his body, splitting him in two from the shoulder down. It had been like breaking a fresh piece of bread.

A gun shot rung out from somewhere, bouncing off my chest and ricocheting directly into the forehead of the girl, the skull exploding as the bullet drove it into the ground, ending her screams. Brain matter and blood flew everywhere, the nightmarish scene descending into a vision of hell as a foul stench filled the air.

The remaining gang members fled, leaving me and the half torn corpse, still in my hand, and the girl's lifeless body on the floor, her leg spasms in the pool of blood looking like a fish out of water.

"Freeze!" I heard a voice yell form the end of the alley. Two police cars had pulled up, cops standing behind their open doors, guns trained and ready.

"Holy mother of god" I heard one of them silently whisper as shots began to ring out, bullets zipping towards me through the air.

I raised my free hand instinctively, still in shock, releasing an accidental wave of golden light that ripped up through the asphalt towards the cars, slicing through them and throwing them into the air, along with half the street of traffic behind them.

I finally let go of the tattered remains of the criminal, and stepped away from the carnage. I stared at my hands, crimson and wet.

"Why?" I screamed, tears flooding down my cheeks.

It was just like my Father had warned when he had passed the power to me on his death-bed.

"The power must remain, only to be used in Earth's darkest hour, when all that lives is at stake...never to be used as a hero's folly"

I had promised him, but as the years had passed I had been sure it could have been used for more, like the heroes in films and TV. I had trained so hard to control it, thought I had mastered it's limitless power...

What had I done?I was staring at the back of a head, a rather handsome head of a huge giant of a man who stood in front of me. Muscular and tall, handsome and regal, he was everything I was not. He was on the edge of the dance floor, looking around at the many girls upon it, much like a lion surveying its prey.

The back of the club was dark and dingy, and I sat alone in my booth, cradling my glass of wine, my mistress, my saviour.

As I swished the wine around in the glass and stared at the back of his head, thinking about how I had completely lost the genetic lottery, an odd thought surfaced. I was imagining a door opening at the back of his skull, an entrance, an urge to slot in and 'click' into place. A pressure began to form at the back of my own neck and I raised my hand to massage the growing ache.

As I did, something popped and suddenly all was dark, except for a feeling that I was hurtling through the air, hurtling towards a target. There was a wet slap, a scramble of soft tissue against tissue, a sucking noise, and then I opened my eyes.

I was standing up, something tugging at my legs. I jumped in horror as a wet and wrinkled thing was climbing up, tendrils hanging over my boots. I hadn't been wearing boots?

The confusion was overridden by the freaky sight, and instinctively I shook and stamped, almost slipping on the thing as it exploded outwards as mush from under the heavy boot. I kicked the mass under a nearby table, and quickly retreated back to my own.

Except, I was already at the table. I could see myself, sitting there, staring blankly forward. More than that, I could feel myself there. I looked down at the hands I now had, tanned, leading to strong arms and a chest like a barrel.

I was in the body of the man I had been staring at, and somehow, I still had control of my own body.

Panic and excitement roared within me simultaneously, overcoming the dread of realising I had just effectively killed a man.

I sat down next to myself, took the wine from my old hands, and downed it.

I raised one arm and hand of my old self, and the same from my new body, and high-fived.

This was going to be awesome.There had once been a man, one of the first, who early in life had been saved by a wolf, fending off a much larger creature to protect her young. The man had just happened to be there at the time, stumbling across the wild animals, caught in the danger, too late to retreat.

The wolf mother had died, mortally wounding the much larger creature that limped away whining, saving the man in the process. In the bushes nearby he'd heard a squealing, and found it. A beautiful wolf cub of dark black and piercing blue eyes. It was brave and fierce, and tried to growl and bark at him to stay away, but it was too small, too weak. The man had known that the cub would surely perish in the cold and harsh weather, should it be left alone. If not the weather, then surely another beast the likes of which its mother had just died fighting would take it. He decided he would care for it, to repay the mother's sacrifice.

And so their life together began, and for many years they were inseparable. The wolf grew strong and mighty, and proved to be the most loyal companion the man had ever known, a true and worthy friend.

Sadly, one fateful day, the wolf perished, killed by a hunter mistaking it for a wild beast.

The man was heartbroken, and had buried the wolf high in the mountains, and held vigil by the grave for days, a fire burning to guide the way for the wolf's soul. Every year he would return to honour his friend, until the day he died.

Upon his passing he had been greeted by an Angel, an Angel who was tired and weary of marshalling the ever increasing number of souls to the afterlife. He had observed the man's vigilance to his animal, had seen the loyalty and respect he had shown.

The man was in awe of the sight, and more than that, overcome with joy at the visage of the wolf cub at his side, nuzzling up under his arm. He had been waiting all this time for him.

The angel had spoken, "The way you honour the dead, in both the wolf's mother and itself, is something I have never seen in Human's until now. I have a proposal for you..."

And that was how the man had become Death itself, his job to ferry the departed over to the afterlife, be it heaven or hell, his trusty hound always at his side.

It was in this way that when he encountered a dog, taken too soon from his master, he knew it was no use. Like his own wolf, a dog would never leave it's master, no matter how hard he tried to take them. The loyalty and heart they displayed to him were a reminder of the beauty in the world, and when he eventually came for their owners, he would smile at the sight of them by their side.

For nothing was as welcoming upon death, as having your own dog to take you over.In response to WP; 

# 

 

Zolaray, sidekick of the great protector, was heading downtown in his zolamobile, a slightly smaller and more red version of the great protector's own vehicle.

This was his first mission, his chance to prove himself. He would be going up against his Boss's arch-nemesis, The Smuggler, reports of his sightings echoing over the police radio frequencies. He was at the metropolitan bank, staging a heist.

His body shook with nerves as he rounded the last corner to the bank and then skidded to a stop outside.

The police hadn't arrived yet, reluctant to engage too early and risk the losses of life they had suffered last time around against this great evil.

An explosion rocked the side of the building, from it emerging...not The Smuggler, but a woman. She was dressed in green in a tight fighting suit, a simple mask that only covered her eyes. Her long red hair hung around her shoulders. Shadows danced from her hands that lead to stacks upon stacks of money floating behind her. Inside the building through the hole, people were bound in the same dark clouds.

"Oh what do we have here?" she asked, "the Great protector's little pet come to save the day?" she said. She must have been a henchman, Zola thought.

Focusing on his power, Zolaray drew the light to his hands. He wasn't here to chat, and if he was honest, didn't know what to say. The sheer beauty of the woman had caught him off guard, made him defensive even before any blows had been exchanged.

He shot out a single beam of light towards her, and as he did, she shot out her own shadow.

They collided together with equal force, a stalemate. Zolaray added a second beam, and as he did, she matched it. He pushed, stepping closer and closer, as she also pushed back. Step by step they neared each other.

"Darkness and evil will never prevail in this city" Zola said, grunting with the effort of the force.

"What do you know about Darkness? I was here during the darkest times of this city, saw the wanton destruction caused by the dependence on it's pretending heroes. Where were you during the terrorist bombings 5 years ago? What were you doing to help? I was there, I lost all my family! No heroes came to help us. It was the true form of humanity"

Zolaray blinked, almost losing concentration, "I was there, too. My family also lost. But I swore to never let it happen to anyone again after my powers manifested shortly after". Infact, he had been blinded by his own righteousness , focusing only on his crusade against evil. He himself was a shadow of the man he once was. His life was empty.

The woman had also faltered, but they were still being drawn into one another, their powers seemingly attracting. Suddenly, their hands touched. Zolaray felt inside him something lurch forward, and he embraced her. His heart released an outpouring of emotion, so intense that tears began to fall from his face.

The woman too, was crying.

"What is this?" she said, placing her head on his shoulder, sobbing.

Zolaray didn't know, couldn't explain, but knew they were destined to be together. Two sides of the same coin, each others missing piece. The light and the dark born from the same shared tragedy. They needed each other.

As the police arrived and the floating stacks of money fell to the floor, they remained there, in each other's embrace, both feeling something they hadn't felt in so long.

Zolaray would never let go.In response to WP:  

#  

&#x200B;

It took me until about lunchtime to feel even remotely alive, having being confined to the bed most of the morning. I had managed to crawl out and wash the funk off me, before settling down at the table with a big mug of coffee thinking about what to do.

It didn't take long for me to decide. The plan today was to ignore the world with some netflix, dominos pizza and to tenderly nurse myself back from hangover hell. Sacrificing any kind of productivity for the highly enjoyable debauchery of yesterday.

Hang on a second. That word...sacrifice...it was stirring a memory in my mind, the first to volunteer itself from last night.

I had been drinking with someone...Rod? Didn't sound right, but it would do. I could remember his face, good beard and kind eyes. More came back to me as I sat simply drinking the coffee and staring out the window, watching the miserable rain outside patter against the glass. We'd been sharing in each others woes and having some good drinks. Man, he was a good listener. I'd told him all about my failed relationships, that I'd been single now for far too long. How, it always seemed to be a battle to me, that it didn't matter what I did, trouble always seemed to follow and mess up the good ones.

He'd said he totally understood. He'd been having trouble for even longer, trying to make everyone happy at his own expense while living a lonely life, and no one was really happy anyway. He seemed so sad.

It had made me think...I'd said something along the lines of, "if everyone could be happy, man that'd be sweet. My problems wouldn't even matter then. I'd give anything for that"

We'd carried on drinking, and as we downed the shots one after another, he had come up with a proposal.

"Bob, next shot, your call. Name the thing you love most in the world, and then slam the shot. It will be done! I will sacrifice that thing for the happiness of all"

He'd had a word with the bar tender who made a shot. Then as it was passed to Rod, he had taken from his jacket a small little something of his own.

"This is the good stuff, man" he'd said with a wink. After pouring some in and taking some himself, he'd stowed it back in his jacket.

I was absolutely wasted by then, that kind of wasted were you really shouldn't be functional but somehow were. The memories were running at about 5fps.

"Fuck yes man, I'll ddooooo itt, pash me that" I had taken it, slammed it down, stood up and shouted "I love boobs! I fucking love them!"

Rod had stood up suddenly, shock upon his face "What the fuck have you done? Anything but that you fool! I can't take it back". He'd had his hands over his head, before running out of the bar. Weird.

I couldn't remember how I had gotten home. Crazy night man. Probably wasn't remembering it properly, anyway.

Anyhow, Netflix had loaded, and I thought I'd check out a new swimsuit documentary I'd been looking forward to watching.

The video started. What the hell? What the hell was this? I skipped forward. Was this a joke?

I tried others.

All the same.

I ran outside. I ran and I ran. Nowhere could I find them.

Everyone was smiling and happy and acting all strange, content in their ignorant bliss.

"Damn you Rod! Why????" I shouted as I collapsed on to my knees, pounding the floor.

I would never be happy again.In response to WP:

 **World leaders suddenly announce that all space programs have ben cancelled, and sending signals into space is strictly regulated. You are a researcher working on the James Webb Space Telescope that just launched into space, and you've just been given a set of coordinates to look at.** 

&#x200B;

 

"Inputting the first set of co-ordinates now" Bob said, tapping away on the keyboard floating in the air in front of him. Only a few weeks in operation, his team aboard the International Space Station, remotely controlling the new James Webb Telescope, had been suddenly pulled from the task of comparing images of the new telescope versus the Hubble on a galaxy at the limit of Hubble's range.

Bob was more than happy with the order, it had been a mundane task, and one quickly proven when the images of the galaxy, that was partially shifted towards the red, had started to form with a resolution Hubble could only dream of at that distance.

Now, for an unknown reason, they had been given coordinates at the very edge of the JWT's range. They were going to peer deeper into the universe than any before them. This was what Bob had signed up for.

The team gathered around his console, everyone curious at the sudden change of orders and excited for what they may see.

Slowly, an image came into focus on the screen in front of him, increasing in resolution as the telescope received the distant and ancient light and began processing.

It was not natural.

Situated in orbit around a dark blue planet that made Jupiter look tiny, were an array of satelites, menacing and alien in appearance, pointing out in all directions from the planet, some emitting a huge beam of pure blue light that distorted the image and burst out of it's edges.

"What in the world...." Bob whispered, his team too stunned to speak. Bob didn't know what to do, his brain confused by the sudden answer to all his hopes and dreams. They had found signs of alien life.

Once the image had fully processed and transmitted back to Earth, the screen prompted for the next set. The list was seemingly un-ending. It blinked there for a while as the team remained in shocked silence.

Bob cleared his throat "Inputting next co-ordinates, standby".

A small solar system began to form on the screen, a star in it's centre with planets orbiting. Without words a few members of his team rushed away to tap excitedly on there own consoles.

"Confirmed Goldilocks zone planets" his number 2, Sheila, echoed what everyone was thinking, the obviously earth-like blue and green planet standing out among the rest.

Zane, the oldest member of the crew and the smartest man Bob had ever known, was calm and collected amongst the palpable excitement. "Bob, something's not right, the image is too bright, and look here, the star, it's shape" He pointed to a portion of the star that seemed to be bulging oddly. "That's not a flare"

The remaining portion of the image to the right of the star processed, and Zane's question was answered. A huge beam of strange blue light was slamming into the star, its hue unmistakably the same as before. A huge explosion blasted out that rippled across the other side of the solar system, engulfing planets in it's wake.

"...it's being destroyed" Zane gasped.

They processed the next few images, and there were all the same. Goldilocks zone planet, star being destroyed by the same light. The team were silent the whole time.

Sweating and nervous, Bob skipped to the second to last set of co-ordinates, which were only just outside Hubble's range. It was empty space, and in the centre the same blue beam of light streaking across it.

"Something's odd" Zane said again as he sketched calculations onto the whiteboard behind them. After a few moments his head turned to them, "The beams are moving faster than light...and...these coordinates..." he trailed off as he floated over to the ships charting systems, nervously batting away at the keyboard while the rest of the team waited, scared looks playing across their faces.

"It's pointing in our direction...and we are the only solar system in the Goldilocks zone in it's path..."

Bob opened direct communications immediately with mission control, waiting as the link established.

"Mission control this is the JWST, are you seeing what we are seeing" Bob's desperation was evident in his tone.

"Team, Director Charles here. Yes we are, and I apologise for keeping you in the dark on this, but we felt it prudent to confirm before we raised an unwarranted alarm"

The team exchanged nervous glances as they waited for the buffering of the message to continue.

"20 years ago, SETI picked up communications from an unknown source within our own solar system transmitting these coordinates, along with a simple message: 'Too bright'. It then disappeared as quickly as it had came."

"Until yesterday...a new message from the same source was received, the last set of coordinates on your list, along with a another, painfully simple message: Run"

Without order, Bob entered them, as Director Charles remained silently on the up-link.

The coordinates were far in the other direction completely, the JWT only able to focus on them due to it's great distance from Earth. The image appeared on the screen, a huge blue-green planet circling a star, the Goldilocks zone. No strange blue light was evident in the picture.

"Zane....based on your calculations, how long till this light reaches the Sun?" Bob's heart beated heavily in his chest as he asked the question, his mind racing along with it.

Zane, his expression blank and staring, didn't need to calculate, he already had, "100 years" he said flatly.

The up-link session terminated. The team sat in stunned silence while the station hummed around them.

No one needed to say it. They had all worked it out. 100 years they had, 100 years to master faster than light travel and get to this new planet. To save the human race from certain destruction.For as long as I could remember, I had always been able to see them. Ghosts. Flashes and visions of them in their monochrome colours, fleeting and distant, mostly confined in repetitions of the past, echoes rather than conscious spirits. With no purpose or reason, they were harmless, but at times afforded me insight that would send shivers down my mother's spine.

All except that boy.

I had been little more than 6 years old, and had only just begun to realise what they were; dead. Slowly but surely I conquered my fear of them with the reckless abandon only a child could muster. I enjoyed them.

I would approach them, ask them questions , try and elicit reactions while they blindly went about whatever memory they were replaying. They never responded, always slowly and surely following the same path. I made up names for the ones I would see most often and would greet them happily when I saw them, much to the dismay of Mother, who would go as grey as the ghosts themselves.

I had first seen the boy idly playing with some old-fashioned toy cars in the corner of a garage we had visited. As mother had gone to sort out her business with the garage's owner, I approached, and sat against the wall next to him. He was about the same age as me and very similar in appearance, I thought. I watched as he played, wondering how many times he had sat in this corner, replaying this memory, forever alone.

Mother was taking an awfully long time, I thought as I had sat there bored. The boy was playing with one car more than the others, obviously his favourite. As he put it down, I had reached for it, imagining what kind of weight and feel it would have if I could actually hold it.

Just as my fingers closed in on the space around the car, the boys hand had shot out and grabbed mine, his grey eyes peering straight at me, into me. His hand was so cold, freezing. I had sat there, unable to breathe from the shock, panicking, feeling the garage fading and spinning. Wasn't he meant to be a mere memory, a record stuck on repeat? How was he actually grabbing me? Slowly, he had begun to take on colour, the cars fading away from around him, as he was looking around the garage, his grip still firm on my hand. He then turned back to me and smiled, before darkness enveloped me and I passed out.

No one had seemed to notice what had happened as I awoke and pulled myself from the ground just as Mother was finishing, dusting myself off. The boy was gone, but I was still reeling in the shock of what had happened, my body shaking. As we left the garage, from the rear window of the car I peered back nervously. My body froze once more as I saw the boy exit the garage, his face turning sharply in our direction as he began walking, following. When we had reached a speed he couldn't follow, he stopped and waved, a big smile on his face. I sank in the seat quickly, shaking and terrified. What had I done?

My life after that became a constant battle with fear, the boy always watching from the shadows, attempting to elicit reactions from me, scare me. The tables had been turned, and no longer did I dare play with other spirits. I tried to ignore the boy, but fear paralysed me in his presence. He revelled in it, that big smile playing on his face in pure delight whenever I was shocked or ran away.

It was around this time that I saw it happen. One of the common ghosts that lurked in the garden had been there following his daily ritual, pruning imaginary plants, digging without stirring soil, removing his cap and wiping his grey forehead with a dirt stained hand. As the gardener ghost had squatted back down, the boy had approached him, placing a hand on his back and whispering into his ear. The gardener had turned and looked at the boy.

He rose up , taking the boys hand. The boy had turned to look at me high in my bedroom window, where I again, was frozen with fear, gave a little innocent wave before they both faded away. I never saw him again, or any of the other ghosts near my home.

Until now.

The train wasn't that busy. The last train home from the big city on one of the final few stops, mostly drunks or workers weary from a long days toil.

The train lights flickered before the carriage was suddenly plunged into darkness. When they came back on, something caught my eye, making me jump in my seat. Standing at the end of the carriage was the boy, exactly the same as he had been all those years ago. Fear gripped me, my heartbeat racing. Somewhere during the decades since, I had fooled myself into thinking he wasn't real, that it had never really happened...but here he was, smiling his big wide smile that had been burned into my memory, waving at me like an old friend.

The man sitting across from me turned his face to mine, studying me for a moment, and then went back to his book.

The boy was still there, his gaze still upon me. I quickly diverted my eyes to the floor, breathing heavily as my heart thundered in my chest.

"Are you alright?" the man across from me said, his tone searching.

"Yes" I replied with little more than a whisper.

The boy began walking down the carriage, the lights flickering as he drew closer. He slowly raised a hand, a grey dusty smoke began forming around it, spewing forth into the carriage before sucking back. In its wake stood 3 grey men, eyes staring and unblinking. They looked at me for a moment before slowly turning to the man in front of me. I watched as they approached him, saw the man glance at them quickly before returning his gaze to his book. They drew closer , reaching. The expression on the man's face changed.

He looked past them, saw me staring, and with terror in his eyes he screamed, "I knew it , you can see them too! Don't let them get you!"

He suddenly stood and bolted down the carriage, his brief case clattering on the ground. The train began slowing for the next stop, my stop, as the apparitions closed in on him. He screamed as they caught him with a burst of speed, driving their hands into his chest , wrenching and twisting. He fell to his knees , and then dropped to the floor lifeless as they pulled something from him. Someone nearby screamed and others rushed to help the man. It was futile, he was already dead, his face frozen in a silent scream. I couldn't breathe, but couldn't look away. Terror gripped me.

The grey apparitions once again began to turn into the grey smokey dust, trailing back across the carriage to the boy who was now standing directly in front of me. They were sucked back into his hand, and as the last wisp entered , the boy took a deep, satisfying breath. He turned to me as the train came to a stop.

He slowly reached into his pocket and from it drew a small toy car; the exact same car I had tried to grab all those years ago. He extended it out to me, willing me to take it. With a shaky hand I reached out, unable to think, and took the car. Actually took it. I stared at it, unbelieving. It was real, it's metal cold to the touch. My head shot back up, but the boy was gone. I sat there , utterly confused and scared, the car heavy in my hands.&#x200B;

"I am here to tell you one thing, my fellow Gods and Goddesses"

Around the marbled theatre that rose from the glowing altar where the new Goddess now stood, the first god born in 10,000 years, the ranks of the divine looked on, pensive and unsure. The stone above the altar burned bright with the mark of her divinity. An atom: the mark of science.

"My birth heralds a new dawn. A new age. Divinity has served it's purpose to inspire and guide the life of this planet"

She was beautiful. Eyes of crystal blue and emerald green, hair of golden silk, and a flowing dress that glided around her as if alive, the universe sparkling in it's black expanse.

"Humans are fast mastering science, and with it they will soon harvest the very essence of life itself. Magic. Divinity. Whatever you call it. They will ascend through their power, free to master their own destiny. I will help them to make the transition, to join with the stars and become what they are destined to be"

A heavily bearded man stepped forward from among the ranks, a barrel like chest exposed between his white toga robes. When he moved, the room shook with the rumbling of thunder.

"Ah, Zeus, my lord. I ask for your blessing for what needs to be done" said the Goddess, bowing with her hand raised.

Zeus looked upon her, anger in his face as blue bolts danced between his finger tips. Fists clenching, he seemed to be struggling against his emotions, against finding the right words. The distant rumbling rose.

Then, with a deep exhale, his shoulders sagged, the blue lights of his electric power subsided, and he took her hand.

"Yes, Zeus, do not fight it. You know what must be done"

Zeus nodded, as tears ran down his cheeks for the first time in an eternity. Finally, he spoke.

"Atomica, I ask that you leave this task to me"

Atomica, the first goddess of 10,000 years, and the last, closed her eyes while bowing her head. It was a fitting end.

Zeus turned to the assembled gods in their masses.

"My children. My fellow gods. Our time was long and fruitful, but as with all things, nothing should last forever"

His hands rose from his side with heavy sparks of electric that pooled around glowing orbs of pure energy. Screams broke out.

Zeus's blue eyes clouded over black, his form growing, as the tears continued to fall from his face.

"Return to me!" he thundered, the electric bolts exploding from his fingertips and striking down god after god as they desperately tried to escape.

It did not take long for the last scream to cry, for the last shadow to disappear. The darkness that had consumed Zeus's face did not fade as he turned to face Atomica.

Opening her eyes, she gazed upon him. A man like no other, the finest of them all. His attraction was not lost even on her.

"Zeus, perhaps you can remain...guide the human's by my side, steady my hand in times of peril with the wisdom of the past..."

Zeus did not answer, his gaze falling upon the floor where his tears still fell.

"Atomica. Forgive me"

Before she could react, before her mind could understand that perhaps her only weakness would be her naivety, her lack of experience, she felt an eruption of pain course through her chest.

"I did not sacrifice my family in vain, Atomica. Their power guides the hand that now slays you"

Veins of blue coursed through her body as if alight.

"Zeus...you fool...you cannot stop....I will...return" she struggled to speak, the agony growing.

"Here's to another 10,000 years" Zeus said coldly, as his eye's flamed like a blue sun, looking upon her for the last time.

With a cry of pain, Atomica broke into a billion pieces, and disappeared.

In the empty room, Zeus stood alone.The cold shiver so familiar and haunting ran up my spine, born from the chill waters that lapped around my knees as I trudged through the mud beneath. It was a feeling I knew all too well, but different...tainted. Deep brown water stained red ran around me, the river polluted with the pains of war that spilt down from the carnage ahead. Desperation, evil and overwhelming fear heavy in it's streams ran through me, riding a sorrow the likes of which I had never felt. The river was crying; a spirit in torture. I searched the muddy banks that rose ahead, wiping the wet from my eyes with a brown and dirty sleeve.

And then I saw him, a young boy, shimmering white with wisps of his purity tailing off and whipping into the air around him. As my eyes laid upon him, his face shot up from knees held tight to his chest, eyes burning red between flashes of white.

"Help me" his voice rang out in my head, pure and as soft as snow, wavering as if cold. A trail of white spreading across the waters surface flowed toward me as he reached out a small hand. Wrapping around me, the icy tendrils pulsed as he spoke.

"It's too much...too much blood...I don't want this!" he cried, the pulses increasing, stinging my legs and locking me in position. The water swelled and swirled around me, other members of my platoon hurrying their motions to the other side.

"You...you're different..." he said, his expression changing. For the pain that racked through my body, I could not reply. It was his pain, his suffering, passed down through the river from the evil of the war.

"You alright there, mate?" a soldier said as he made his way slowly through the waters to my side. He touched my shoulder.

As if being shot he tensed, dropping his bags and falling into the water, convulsing wildly as other soldiers came to his aid. I could not move.

"You can take it, take it all!" the boy screamed, standing from his crouched position and flinging his arms out towards me. Swarming red pools merged into deep and menancing masses around me, defying the natural flows of the water. I tried to move, but could not, the pulling from the mud increasing, my body sinking into it's depths.

As my head went under, saving me from the cutting edge of my platoon's screams, the water flashed red in increasing pulses as the blood consumed me. All went dark. A dark, cold and crimson void.

I awoke with a start, staring up at the cloudy skies above, the familiar ringing of machine gun fire not too far in the distance. Rising up to a sitting position, it seemed I was on the bank of the river, the other side. Coughing, red water thick and metallic tasting spilt from my mouth. After the sickly coughs passed, I looked ahead, wiping my eyes from the blur of muck that held them.

For all the horrors of war I had seen, nothing compared to the sight before me.

Hundreds of soliders, motionless and floating peacefully downstream, in the pure and bloodless waters of the river.

"What....I...I" I mumbed, stuttering. I held up my hands as if to block the visage, and reeled back as thick red lines alive with a red glow flowed along where my veins should be.

"Englander, Englander!" I heard frantic voices shouting behind me. I turned, like a statue with only the head moving, still in the throw of pure shock.

I could feel them, could sense them...could smell their blood flowing warm inside their thick jackets and tired bodies. 21 German soliders.

As they crested the hill something made them stop. Perhaps the morbid scene that lay at my back, or perhaps something else. I raised my hands in surrender, nothing else to be done.

They raised their guns in response, and while stepping back, some even screaming, began to fire. Bullets pounded through the leather thickness of my gear, and into my body. It did not hurt, it didn't even sting. The searing heat of the hot bullets felt warm and oddly pleasant, like a scratch being itched.

The first volley ceased, and as the last puffs of smoke dissapated from the German rifles, I rose.

I had been different before. Blessed.

Now, as rage flowed into every pore of my being, I knew.

Now I was cursed.5 second man and Stamina girl. D-list Supers who fell in love on the job, and then left it all behind.

Well, not left it behind entirely...they had been shelved. Forever on the bench. 3 whole lists of more able supers way above them. The lists grew constantly too. The power boom had come, and they had been forgotten.

5-Second Man. My Father. He had had the cheesiest outfit, a green suit emblazoned with 5 on the front and back, his massive Afro and visor like sunglasses completing the cringe worthy look. His power was that he could literally use any power he wanted, but he had to both charge and use it within 5 seconds...and then couldn't use it again for half a day. Such a weakness, and he basically made it his name.

And he was the more powerful of the two.

My mother, Stamina girl. You can probably guess by the name, She had quite literally, never ending energy. She could jog all day, train constantly, hardly had to sleep...but that was it. Beyond the skills she could learn a bit faster than others, all she could do was chase the bad guys down.

My god she could talk all day, too, much to my father's misery.

But they loved each other intensely, and working normal everyday jobs, made it work. They settled down, and before long, were expecting a child. Me.

Now, supers actually had a reduced chance of conceiving, which was a bit of a phenomenon yet to be explained. Further than that, for the offspring to have powers was even rarer. Generally though, when the odds were beat, the 2G supers were far more powerful, but always had only one line of power, never two.

My Father had literally been coming up with suit ideas for me. 10 or 20 second man! Can you imagine?

My mother just worried that her stamina couldn't really be increased any more, and I'd just be Stamina boy. She was hot on the 10 second man idea, too.

And then I was born.

I was not 10 or 20 second man. I was not Stamina boy.

I could use any power, any time for any duration, again and again. The only caveat was that to access the higher levels of the power I had to charge, but once charged, they would last for days.

I was the greatest superhero of them all.Bob’s Uncle had died, an old and lonely man, locked away in his huge and ancient mansion, a mansion that Bob had unexpectedly inherited.

I’ve known Bob my whole life. We’d been inseparable since the early days at school and had stayed steadfast friends ever since. He's more than a friend, hes my brother, more family to me than my own blood.

Aside from my wife, he's the only one who knows about my gift, if you could call it that. I have the uncanny ability to always know what lock a key will fit into, wherever it may be, like GPS pin points popping up in my mind with flashing images of the location, sometimes even smells and textures.

We had gotten into a lot of trouble in the past with it, but these days, I hardly ever used it. In fact, I had mastered the ability to block out the visions that it would plague me with every time I picked up the keys to the house or car, only fading once I had them out of my grasp. Even keys in my pockets would sometimes set off the visions. It was an extremely difficult handicap to normal living, and I had finally managed to control it.

Bob would still sometimes bring me keys to check, as would my own wife, but that was basically the extent of it’s use, and I was happy with that.

So here we were, standing in the dusty lobby of the mansion, cobwebs clinging to the corners of the high ceilings and around the looming staircase, the marble floor partially reflecting us through the muck that covered it. Above the staircase loomed a portrait of a serious looking fellow; Bob’s uncle no doubt.

“I’ve found most of them” Bob began, breaking the silence, fiddling through sets of keys that he’d attached labels to, “but this one in particular, I have no idea. I mean, just look at the shape. It looks broken, so if you can tell me where it goes, I’ll get it fixed or the lock changed”

He was dangling a long and heavy looking silver key in front of my face.

The top of the key had the familiar O shape, but the end was just a long cylinder, with no teeth or outcroppings on it at all. It was thick and looked heavy and well made, with no rust like so many of the others on the table, or signs of use.

“Go on then” Bob prompted, thrusting the key into my face, “do your thing”

I sighed. Should have known this would be the real reason Bob wanted me here so urgently.

I lazily stuck out my hand and took the key and waited. Nothing happened. I turned it over in my hand, raised it into the light to get a better look, slapped it around in my palms a few times, but nothing worked. Was it not a key, or had I become too adept at blocking the visions?

“Not a key” I decided, and moved to pass it back, but just before I did I began to feel something, and my hand retreated back to me automatically.

“You ok, Sam?” Bob asked, looking worried as a stumbled slightly.

“Fine, I thi….” I tried to reply, but the words were choking off in my throat. There was a growing tension rolling through my body. In my ears I could hear a deep drone building in intensity, like a huge wave rolling towards a shore, threatening to crash.

Pressure began to build in my head, swelling my temples and making me aware of throbbing veins quickening to match the pace of my heart. Something wet dribbled down my mouth and chin, hot and sticky.

“Man, are you ok? You’re bleeding!” Bob shouted, coming to my side and propping me up as I began to double over.

He helped me steady on to a chair as I tried desperately to collect myself. What was happening to me? The room was spinning around me, unrelentingly gaining pace, and the key was still gripped firmly in my hand.

My vision blurred as the spinning reached its peak and a pain exploded deep in my mind, erupting outwards like frozen knives slicing through my skull.

Then the pain stopped, and suddenly I found myself standing in an open white space, no sound and nothing to be seen except pure and endless white.

Before I could speak or do anything, a wind hit my face as an unending wave of images flowed past me from all around and began to swarm into a huge ball, drawing together and writhing into a solid mass.

It formed into a giant sphere, high above me, slowly revealing patterns on its surface until it became clear what it was. The Earth. I lifted my hands to my head, what the hell was going on? As I did, the sphere twisted and changed shape, enhancing an area like a map being zoomed in, myself being drawn into the area as the mass came around me.

I moved my hands back down, and again it moved, going deeper into what ever place it was showing. It was a dark room that revealed a massive metallic door with various contraptions on its surface; a vault.

The key floated up in front of me and I instinctively took it, raising it towards the door. The clink of metal on metal as it struck the door surprised me; it was real! I pushed the key forward and watched in horror as my hand began to dissolve and flow into the space as the key disappeared, not even enough time to scream before my entire body followed suit.

Again, I felt myself violently spinning and then, just as suddenly as it had started, it stopped. I was in a dark, black space. I retrieved my phone and put on the light, shining it forward. The door I had just seen in the images greeted my eyes, although it was obviously the other side. I had gone through it. I was inside the vault. The keys chain had come around my neck, with he key dangling down my chest.

I slowly turned around, shining my light into the room, fearing the worst about what I may see. The walls were the same as the door, black and sleek looking, as if the entire room was shielded in metal. In the centre of the room, on a desk, was a large black book. There was nothing else.

Relaxing slightly, I walked up to the thick leather-bound volume, marvelling at its sheer size. It was bigger than a pizza box, and maybe 3 boxes deep. Nothing was written on the front or the side, but a large lock bolted it together tightly across it.

Wondering how heavy it may be, I pushed back my fear and hoisted it up. I grunted as I struggled under the sheer weight of it, almost dropping my phone. Suddenly, the deafening sound of a siren exploded into the room as a red light encased it completely in its glow.

Instinctively I fumbled for the key on my chest, holding it tight and closing my eyes. Immediately I was back in the white space, the image of the vault in front of my face and glowing red. My phone and the book were next to me in the space, in a neat pile. Relief sweeping through me, I pushed the image of the now red vault back, half with my mind and half with a stop gesture from my hands, and began to try and control the sphere to get back to where I had been. It didn’t take long for me to understand how it worked, and soon I had found the door to Bob’s house, and could see him standing within. I pushed the key forward.

With the same swirling and spinning, I found myself back in Bob’s mansion, the book in my hands, phone in my pocket, and the key around my neck.

Bob’s hands were on his head, his mouth open in shock.

As if alive the book shook in my arms and fell to the floor with a slam. Bob jumped.

As Bob and I stared at each other my gaze was drawn to the portrait of his uncle, now noticing the chain that had been around his neck. The same chain of the key that was now around mine.I just despised school. I hated the bullies, the teachers, the students...even the building itself. I'd never understood why school couldn't just be a completely VR experience. We had the technology, the cost savings were there to be had, but by citing the health of students and the importance of social interaction the idea had been shelved, over and over again. At least in my city, anyway.

Social interaction...the literal bane of my existence. Severe social anxiety, panic attacks...any social dysfunction you can name, I probably had, my mother liking to diagnose me with a fresh one daily with whatever she digs up on google to explain away my behaviour.

My only escape from the hell that was my life: Virtual Reality. From an early age it had been my outlet, the creative balance against all the shit. It was literally the reason I was still alive, the one thing that kept me going, the one thing I was good at. Really good at. My worlds that I had created were among the most popular on the virtual net, gaining me a prestigious scholarship to a top virtual university with no physical campus at all.

So now, scholarship secured regardless of high school grades, I stood in the virtual world created by the education board, a world that hundreds of thousands of students across the country would be logging into to complete their final history exam. The purpose; survive 100 days by working, living and interacting, in the most PG way possible, in ancient Rome. It was a massively coordinated undertaking, both in system preparation and real life.

100 days to survive, or at least, that was meant to be the idea. I had other plans, plans that had been months in the making, plans that would see me take a little bit of revenge against all those that had made my school life unbearable. I would kill them all.

I carefully peeled away from the pack of students that were still in the process of logging on and surrounding the teacher's avatar raised up on a stony platform in the main square, and began walking through a maze of small alleyways, my movements swift and purposeful.

After a few twists and turns I arrived at my destination, a bread shop, the shopkeeper eyeing me carefully, awaiting interaction. In my vision I could see the various prices of his fare, and the flashing indicator of my virtual hunger level, my money balance and a few other bits of information that I had no care for.

I approached the man, and whispered "Let the chaos begin" into his ear while checking around. He froze, then flickered and disappeared along with his shop around him, a small doorway appearing in the wall behind where he had stood. I couldn't help but smile; my hack was working.

I entered the small room, a large red button the only thing inside it besides a large screen on the wall. I walked up and smashed my palm against it, and then looked up to the screen as it displayed a huge missile tearing through the skies. I left the room and quickly went to resume my place among the masses of students in the main square , as their attention diverted from the teacher to the bright light above.

"What on earth is that light?" the teacher said dumbly as it slammed directly into the centre just a small distance from where we stood. There was a huge burst of white as the earth shook, and then darkness as the virtual world disappeared and a simple message displayed in front of my face, a message that would be displaying to every student in the nation.

"You have failed the exam: Time survived: 5 minutes"

They would probably reboot soon after the initial pandemonium was over, I knew, but when they did, I would be ready and waiting. The initial bang was over, and the real fun was about to begin.In response to wp;

 

### 

&#x200B;

All the rest of the staff thought Bill was just plain odd, in a harmless kind of way. He always had a kind of, melancholy look about him, sad in a subtle way, but kind and polite to others, most of all the children.

But me, he gave me the creeps. Back when he was still new, I caught him once crying after a young girl, a ballerina, had broken her leg. He'd taken the news that she would never dance again even worse than the girl, worse than even her loving parents. I had put my arm around him, consoling him, telling him to steel himself because in this line of work, he would see much worse.

"But she could have been so happy. She'll never be happy again, it's so sad" he'd said, looking at me, but through me. It had just been off, an alarm ringing in my mind for a reason I couldn't put my finger on.

When the first child had passed away on his watch, I had gone to see him again, expecting the worst. To my utter shock, he had been totally fine, happier in fact. Talking jovially and normal, even cracking some jokes.

I watched him from then, noted how he didn't seem to get upset by the extent of the disease or injury of the child, and never if they passed away. The ones that made him upset were always the one with support, a loving family to guide them to health, the ones who would lose something but gain something in return, an understanding of what was important in life. Love. Something I began to suspect Bill didn't have.

It became my obsession, to uncover the truth behind his strange behaviour.

And to that extent I had followed him here, to the outskirts of town where he lived, a run-down little shack of a house on a long since unused farm.

I had watched and waited from cover, until he had left for his next shift, which I knew was starting at 5. He wouldn't be back for 12 hours.

I walked up to the house, peering through the windows, trying to get a look inside. It was no use, most the curtains were drawn or the windows blocked, but I couldn't just turn back at this point. I was caught up in the moment.

I found a loose window and raised it until I could just about get myself through. It was dark inside, and smelt both mouldy and sickly sweet at the same time. I had never smelt such a stench in my life, the smell penetrating my nostrils as if burning the very hairs. I found a light and switched it on.

Then I lost my breath. I literally could not breathe for what I was seeing .

On the far back wall of a disgustingly messy and dirty room was a huge collection of pictures, newspaper clippings, maps and mad scribbles. I managed to get my breath back and approached to get a closer look, carefully stepping over the mess.

I recognised nearly all the people in the pictures, nearly all of them children from the hospital. Next to them would be notes, their names and illnesses or injuries. Then a line about what future they had been 'destined for'. What the hell was this?

All around these, the mad scribbles "Too sad to live", "Why do they have to suffer?". "I will take them to a better place"

The last note made my heart stop. I looked back at the pictures, noting something stuck to the back of them. Newspaper articles or torn of pieces of paper.

Each one had seemingly died in accidents, gone missing or been found brutally murdered. Every. Single. One.

As I stepped back, I felt someones hand on my back, and another extend out in front of me holding a picture of myself, smiling.

"It's so sad" a voice said, and as something hard cracked against the back of my skull, I fell to the floor ,  
darkness consuming me.In response to WP 

 

# 

&#x200B;

 

I entered the study with a stiff turn of the large brass doorknob, the dust giving way to a bright shine as I did. The heavy oak door creaked open, a small gust of wind escaping carrying the scent of old books, leather and years of the finest cigars.

30 years of service, and 10 since he had died, and only now that I too was on the brink of death would I enter his private sanctum, to fulfil his dying wish. All I knew was that I had to destroy something inside. Whatever it was, 10 years of leaving it be had hurt no one. Except me , perhaps. Hopefully 'it' would be both easily broken and obvious.

Well, it was indeed obvious, but easily broken, I had no idea.

Standing opposite my master's imposing mahogany desk, was an archway crafted of marble, rising high into the lofty ceiling of the study. The marble itself seemed alive, faces and limbs entwined, their contours perfectly defined and lifelike, as if it were a writhing throng of people trying to reach out and escape. Where it met the wide wooden planks of the floor, grass and flowers grew.

I carefully walked around the backside of the room, circling behind my master's desk. As the front aspect of the arch became visible to me, all I could do was drop my mouth in sheer awe and stare deep into it's beauty. For, from this angle I could see it for what it was; a gateway reaching through to another place, one of astounding beauty.

I gripped the desk to steady myself, and as I did, my hand hit upon a piece of paper; a note. I lifted it up close to my good eye, it read;

"Take the stone, enter the portal, when you reach the other side; destroy it"

Below, scribbled at the bottom, an extra comment;

"PS, top drawer, take one only, may it light your path"

The stone was not hard to find, a large emerald fixed into the centre of the desk. With a slight pry , it came free. I slid it into my breast pocket carefully and buttoned it shut. 3 top drawers later, I had found to what my Master referred. From many, I chose one, only one. I popped it between my lips and with an action honed over several decades, swiftly lit the end.

Several puffs of the best cigar I had ever tasted later, I stood before the portal. It looked rather warm on the other side, so I carefully removed my jacket and folded it over my arm.

"As you wish, Master" I said, as I doffed my hat to his portrait high on the wall, and hobbled through.I squirmed as the stage lights dazzled brightly above my head, effectively blinding me. I couldn't see the crowd, but I could hear them laughing, hear my mates literally pissing themselves at the sight of me on stage.

The bastards had got me good. Signing me up to be the hyponotist's guinea pig behind my back, him calling me out from the crowd to join him on stage with a few other people. Under all the attention , I couldn't say no. I did tell my mates quietly to go fuck themselves however, as I rose from my seat and moved awkwardly to the stage.

So, here I was, last in line of 5 people sat in a row, chairs facing the crowd. Being last was the worst, my nerves and fear would grow each second I had to contemplate how much of a tit I was going to make of myself.

The hypnotist had wasted no time in his act, commanding us all to sleep with a slight bit of showmanship, his deep voice slow and purposeful. I played along. It was better than staring into the bright lights, or figuring out how to hold my hands, or where to look.

So I sat there, eyes closed, listening to the long speech the hypnotist was spouting to try and bring us under his control. Such bullocks. My mates were even more hysterical at the fact I had closed my eyes, seemingly under his spell.

The hypnotist was asking the crowd for ideas on what to turn the first person into, the crowd happily offering fantastic suggestions such as " a chicken!", "a pregnant lady!", "make him think he's a dog!".

The crowd had apparently settled on making the rather buff guy in the first chair into a pregnant lady. It seemed to work. He cautiously moved from this chair, letting the other people touch his belly, asking if they could see or feel his bump.

This was insufferable.

One by one this continued, until finally he came to me. Adrenaline ran through my body, my legs shaking. I was not under his control, but fuck was I nervous. Should I just run off the stage? Try to play along? I was dreading what retarded ideas my mates would be dreaming up.

They seem to have decided though.

"Make him think he's got special powers!" Bob shouted, the rest of them cheering and laughing.

"Ahh yes, special powers, indeed" said the hypnotist. "Then how about a little bit of telekinesis?", the crowd cheered.

Through my ever-so-slightly open eyes I saw him turn to me, and he began to speak in his deep, soft but commanding tone.

"When I count down from 10 you will awake, and suddenly realise an incredible power that has laid dormant within you. The power of telekinesis! You will attempt to use this power on your fellow stage friends here, and on the crowd. 10,9,8,7,6,5,4,3,2,1 ....awake!"

I opened my eyes and looked around nervously, the hypnotist staring at me expectantly. My heart rate shot up, panic striking me, my breathing heavy. What should I do? I stood wearily , and raised my hands to the guy standing next to me, attempting a weak wave at him.

Of course, nothing happened.

From the sounds coming from the crowd , it seemed my friends were very close to passing out with laughter.

"Use your poweeerrr" the hypnotist said, grabbing me by the shoulder and starting at me intently in the eyes.

I couldn't put up with this anymore. I was shaking visibly, sweating uncontrollably and I was in no way 'under his spell'.

I mumbled an apology and left the stage, tripping on the stage as I went and banging my head on the wooden boards. I rose up , headed down the stairs, and got the hell out of there.

Those absolute fuckers , I thought furiously as I cut a direct path for the nearest beer stand after leaving the stage. I desperately needed some form of alcohol to calm my nerves, and my head was beginning to throb quite badly.

"Pint a beer please, mate" I said as I at last got to the front of the queue.

The barman quickly poured my drink, but was pulled away from the bar as a fight broke out in the queue behind me. Leaving my dearly needed beer sitting just out of reach on the bar.

I looked at it longingly, tried to lean over and grab it. Telekinesis would be fucking good right now I thought, as I imagined the beer floating over to me, myself drinking in it's heavenly escape.

The beer floated over silently, and landed on the beer mat next to me, just as my friends arrived behind me, laughing and slapping me on the back.

"Mate , that show was epic!" one of them said between fits of laughter.

I looked at him, and then back at my beer, lifting it to my lips , drinking it in with a big, satisfying swig. As I placed it back down carefully on the mat, I looked him in the eye and said.

"Yes, yes it was".

Oh, the fun I was going to have with this, but first, a little payback.These fools, the Witch thought to herself as she perfected the final touches on her new spell. It didn’t matter how many she killed, didn’t matter how violent and gruesome the death she prepared for them was. It had been hundreds of years and still they would come seeking glory in the face of death, accepting either. They would become martyrs or heroes to their own kind, be written into history for their acts of valour. Be remembered. Leave loved ones behind with stories to tell and rejoice.

Even the scum among them could rise in the act of a valiant death, and she’d seen plenty. It gave them and those around them meaning and purpose in an otherwise meaningless life. They would endlessly toil, the masses against the few, campaigning to correct the balance of power, finding kinship and community in their actions. It made her sick.

The spell was ready, and so she turned her attention back to the two ‘heroes’ who knelt before her. They had fought bravely against her minions, slaying many, only for the effects of poisons and dark magic to leave them bowed before her, dying. They had nothing left, so few did.

The more powerful of the two was ready for death. She’d seen the look a thousand times, could guess his back story without peering into his mind. A family, once, all lost to him now. All he wished for was a heroic death to depart this world on his own terms, and be with them once more, his name to live on.

The other, the weaker of the two, was scared. His eyes darted between her and the hounds at her side, contemplating the method of death that would surely come at any moment. She let him squirm for a while longer before speaking.

“The punishment that I will exact upon you tonight my esteemed guests, is one that has been centuries in the making. I have pondered many a moon about the most cunning and despairing way to ruin everything that gives you and your kind purpose”

“Just get on with it , you vile demon”, the stronger of the two spoke between swollen gums and clenched teeth.

“Oh I will I assure you, but relax, you have all the time in the world…”. She flashed a beautiful smile at him, her crimson eyes twinkling in the moonlight.

She stood and glided majestically over from her throne to stand between the men, her dark purple gown flowing behind her. The hounds stayed, eyes forward, unflinching.

She touched a flawlessly pearl-white hand to each man’s forehead, summoned her powers and incanted the spell. A gust of wind blew through her lair as the words echoed. Flames danced and her eyes glowed with each sound. After only a few moments, she stopped, let out a deep sigh and returned to her throne. It had been done.

Trembling, the scared man spoke first “ W..W..What did you do to us?”, he said, as he checked himself over, patting down his armour and feeling his face.

Slowly, their wounds began to heal, vibrant colours returning to their faces. They stood, looking at each other, mouths agape, utterly confused.

“You will never die. You will never be hurt. You will have the strength of a sea of men or more”

“So, what’s the downside again?” the scared man said, almost smiling, disbelieving.

“You will have no purpose in life, and your very presence will suck the meaning out of the lives of those around you. You will watch all of your loved ones die, never to be reunited on the other side” she replied , staring at the proud and strong man. His eyes gave her all the satisfaction she needed. He raised a hand, beginning to speak , but with a click of her fingers, they were gone. Her work was done.

“Now , my beautiful beasts, we sit back and watch. This will be most entertaining”"See ya, Mom!" John yelled through the already closing front door, running down the steps and out towards the waiting school bus.

"Bye John!" called his Mother, catching the door just before it slammed shut, "you stay out of trouble today, you hear?"

Climbing on to the bus, John nervously walked to his seat, keeping a careful distance away from the jocks, the gang wannabes, and the nerds as he squeezed through. By the time he had got to his place, he was sweating. Fidgeting, he slung off his bag and placed it on the empty seat next to him. No-one really wanted to sit next to him either, as if his autism would spread through the air.

Taking deep breaths to calm himself, he went through his usual routine, trying to calm his mind that relentlessly began to review every small detail he'd picked up.

The driver had been drinking again, the smell of whiskey on his breath, eyes bloodshot. His right leg hung looser and heavier than usual over the side of the seat, a bulge in his side pocket matching the size of a small firearm of some description. His reaction times would be impaired. It wouldn't really help much that the engine was revving slightly out-of-tune today either.

The gang members were noticeably quiet, heads down on their phones, probably orchestrating another deal during school hours. Each wore something with green, a clear sign for anyone as to which group they belonged. Just the smell from them was enough to make anyone high.

The jocks were , well, the jocks. Jovial and loud, too self-absorbed in there own world to care for anyone else. John really didn't want to think too much about them, but, as he tried not to, an all too familiar voice rang out in his ears, it's attention firmly upon him.

"Hey John *Dick*!" he laughed, slapping his friends on the back as they all turned to face John's direction. It was Brad Towers, Quarterback star of the high school football team, and John's worst nightmare. From day one, he'd relentlessly bullied John, preying on the fact he was autistic.

"What is it? Too much going on? Am I too loud for you, retard?" he shouted directly into John's ear, taking up the seat beside him. As the bus began to move, John looked out of the window, hoping that Brad would lose interest and move away and leave him to count the number of mailboxes before they arrived at school. He didn't move. Leaning in closer, he whispered.

"Listen, I've heard that the drugs guys like you can get can improve performance right? I could use some of that John, you know? For the good of the team. We're pals, right?" he said, nudging John heavily in the arm. Brad was probably already on a whole host of performance enhancing substances judging by his flushed face and elevated pulse, John noticing his jugular pumping and swollen at all times.

John ignored him. The bus entered the freeway.

"Hey! I'm taking to you fuckwit!" he screamed, and this time, he didn't nudge John, but punched him heavily in the arm. John had felt the air move and change around him, and sensed the shift in Brad's intentions and the minute twitches of the tells in his face, but didn't try to avoid the blow.

It hurt. John recoiled against the window, holding his arm. He didn't cry, though. John had stopped crying a long time ago.

He knew another blow would come, but just before it did, the whole bus lurched.

"What the fuck is this crazy guy doing?" the bus Driver called out, suddenly ram-rod straight in his seat.

John watched as a truck directly behind the bus rammed straight into it's back, causing the back window to smash and Brad to fly down the aisle. John's head whipped forward and smashed against the seat in-front, warm blood trickling down his face.

While everyone screamed and the bus driver raged, his wild movements attempting to keep control of the bus's steering wheel, John lifted his head up. He was dazed slightly he knew, but, while everyone around him was suddenly panicking, flailing around and gripping on to things for dear life, John found himself calm, focused.

More focused than he had ever been, with a clarity he'd never had before.

He turned to look behind him just in time to see a figure leap from the truck behind and onto the roof of the bus. The truck veered and smashed into the traffic behind it before flipping over, crushing several vehicles. More screams of fear.

The bus driver slammed on the brakes, but not so suddenly that John didn't notice and move himself to prepare for it. Other students weren't so lucky, slamming around and into each other painfully, the shards of glass from the back cutting and making the bus slick with blood.

Whatever had been on the roof slid off the front and landed heavily into the road ahead.

Just as the bus driver recovered from his daze, his hands still gripped firmly on the wheel in fear, a blast rang out, the windscreen of the bus exploding with a rain of blood to follow it. The lifeless body of the driver slumped down and off his seat.

Everyone went into full panic mode, wanting to escape off the front of the bus, but daring not to go past the bloody corpse that lay blocking the exit.

*Get the gun.*

John dived forward, keeping low. Feeling at the drivers side, he found what he knew had been there. A small pistol. He pulled it out slowly, and then darted back towards the back of the bus.

*Get out the back, get distance. Stay low.*

Brad , in a daze, tried to get up and in his way, but seeing the black metal of the gun quickly jumped back, eyes-wide.

John got to the back window, and caring not for the cutting pain as he placed his hands on the broken glass, jumped out and down to the road.

Just as he did, he heard the heavy sound of the bus wobble as someone entered through the front entrance.

"Have you seen this boy?" he heard a man speak, his voice deep and monotone.

"The..the...retard? He went out the back"

A blast of a shotgun, more screams.

"Thank you"

*One man. Shotgun. Two rounds fired.*

*Go, now.*

John darted for the nearest car, his gun raised. The lady in front did not need persuading to quickly leave the drivers seat. He hopped in, and without so much as a moments hesitation put the car into gear, and sped off back in the opposite direction, aiming for the turn off just down the road. For someone who had only barely begun learning to drive, his actions executed flawlessly with the skills of a seasoned driver.

John's hands gripped the wheel. What the hell was this feeling? This power...his mind was calculating everything, performing any action with utter flawlessness. Such focus.

Shaking his head, he looked in his rear view mirror just in time to see someone leap from the back of the truck, and begin running after him. Running. Fast.

John did not panic. He didn't even sweat. With a laser sharp focus and pure intent, his mind began laying out what needed to be done, not a single doubt or hint of hesitation marring the thoughts, as if it had finally found the stimulus it needed to function.

He knew he would do it. Whoever it was, whatever it was, he would kill them. He would kill them all.**\[CW\] Feedback Friday – Flash Fiction Challenge** 

*This one had to include an abandoned house, a notebook, and be at most 300 words. It was my first time doing this and really fun!*

Sophie spotted the old abandoned house peeking over the treetops, a crooked chimney barely visible, as if waving.

*Hi! I’ve been waiting!*

Sophie waved back. A promise late but kept.

Leaping through the forest she went, the stress of city life forgotten as she skipped through the trees. The years flashed through her mind; all the times she’d come here, seeking refuge and solace, finding her escape.

Fresh air filled her lungs, blowing away the deep-rooted city smog as she rambled on. It was harder than she remembered, but through gritted teeth and deep breaths she was smiling, wider than she had done in years.

By the time she reached the house she was gasping and covered in mud.

It was just as she remembered. A Victorian house at odds with its surroundings, abandoned and alone, unkempt and discarded. Just like her.

Through the door and up the stairs she went, heart racing.

Across the landing, end door on the right. Swinging it open agog with anticipation, she was not disappointed.

The end wall was gone, as if chomped off by a giant, the most amazing view of the valley stretched before her.

Snapping away from the beauty, she felt behind some rafters. Gaining purchase, she pulled, revealing a thick notebook with a puff of dust.

Sitting on a wicker chair facing the breath-taking view, she opened the book. Blowing the dust away and sliding her hands across the pages, she began to cry. Her life, her childhood. Diary entries, pictures, random scribbles. Everything.

On the last page, she saw it. The promise to return 2 years ago, missed. Something caught her eye behind the page, and as she lifted it, she froze.

In bold red letters, a message. Not hers.

WHERE WERE YOU??

A floorboard creaked on the landing.*A submission for the weekly TT which has the theme of radiation. A story inspired by my kids, so it's cheesy as hell :)*

 The small white rabbit bounded along the edge of the road, being careful as always to give it a wide-berth. Not that he needed to; the strange mechanical beasts that had once thundered down it were now but a long and distant memory of the past.

Still, habits were habits, and rabbits were rabbits. That’s what his Pa used to say.

A buzzing overhead shook him from his nostalgic melancholy just in time to notice the looming shadow rapidly forming around him. There were still things left to fear, after all.

Walloping his hind legs into the ground, he kicked up a waft of dusty smoke and darted under the cover of a nearby bush.

Dragonflies. Huge and terrifying creatures that preyed on rabbits and other small animals unlucky enough to be caught in their clutches. Before the last of them disappeared, he’d even seen them prey on people. Without a doubt, they were one of the more prosperous of the species to survive. They had gained size and brawn, and the rabbits, the brains. Amongst other things, of course.

Heart pounding without pause he watched as it landed heavily amongst the smoke, its great wings beating the clouds away and whipping them toward the bush where he hid. It’s quarry seemingly gone, it took off once more, coming momentarily to rest on an old and rusted carcass further down the road. Under its weight the rusted relic groaned, and the beast flew away.

He waited for his beating heart to calm and for his breath to return. How had he not noticed sooner? Casting one more careful look across the skies as he left the safety of the bush, he pushed on.

Scurrying along with renewed speed he came to a tall and rusted metal fence, jutting out crookedly from the mud. Brown smudges smeared onto his snow-like fur as he shuffled along the perimeter, searching. He could almost hear his mothers voice scolding him.

“What?! You went back there again? And look at that coat! Robin Thumperfoot!”

Some things were worth the pain, however, and some things, even a close encounter with a Dragonfly. This was most definitely one of the them. The hole he was in search of announced its position ahead with a gust of dirty air that whistled nosily through its narrow gap. It carried with it a strange but familiar scent that burned at Robin’s whiskers and tickled his nose.

Twitching his nostrils side to side and bemoaning his growing bulk, he squeezed tightly through the gap and out the other side with a pop as his rear-legs followed through. Tumbling around and around he went, down the grassy embankment and onto the smooth black floor, a rolling mess of fluffy legs and long ears.

Graceful he was not. In fact, he was notoriously clumsy, and it was here, all those years before, that his clumsiness had first taken centre stage.

The day the world had ended, by the thump of a rabbit's paw.Morgan Sallow lay on her old and creaking bed, listening to the rattling sound of the pipes in the walls groaning with the task of heating the ancient and decrepit building she called home.

*Clunk, clunk, boom. Brrrrr, tap, tap, tap, schweeeeeee...*

Alive, but barely, the house was seemingly mirroring her feelings; on the cusp of giving up. 400 years old and ready to kick the bucket. Some windows were bordered up, the gardens overgrown, the bricks crumbling and exposing the cavities and problems beneath. Dirty and empty rooms closed off and locked away within it's spacious innards, festering with mold. Like a huge and wounded beast soon to topple over, it was on its last legs.

Morgan wasn't doing much better. Bullied at school relentlessly. Overweight. Slacking in her studies. Her weight combined with her shy and reclusive attitude made her an easy target, even before her rather unique birthmark. On her left cheek was an almost perfect shape of a tree, black and ill-looking, covering half of it from her lower jaw to the corner of her mouth. A willow-tree apparently, her grandmother used to say. The mark of a proud family, the true mark of the Sallow heir, Sallow meaning Willow in old Welsh. With bright eyes her Nan used to recant the legend of how the Sallow heir born with the mark would revive the family fortunes in their darkest times and restore the family to prosperity. It was a nice story to tell a child with such a horrible ailment, but that was all. She missed her Nan so much...

If all that wasn't bad enough, her life at home was. Her mother was depressed, her choice of remedy the old and dusty liquor cabinet as ancient as the house itself. Alcohol, apparently, was the go to medicine to remedy the painful beatings her father bestowed upon her. Morgan just stayed away. Once she had tried to intervene, and her Father had nearly killed her. Whoever he was now, wasn't the man she used to love. Financial breakdown, mental illness and failure after failure had changed him into something else. A gambling alcoholic, jobless and broken.

The family , the house, and her life were all falling apart.

*Clunk, clunk, clunk, hisssss.......pop.*

The sounds finally ceased in the walls and Morgan was able to relax, the smooth sound of silence coming over her body like a soothing wave of peace. Even better, it didn't disappear to reveal shouts and screams of her parents downstairs. They had gone away for the weekend, her Father's idea after a particularly bad beating even he had been ashamed of.

A tickle on her cheek pulled her thoughts away from their gloomy focus. It often did. She scratched her birthmark lightly, noticing a slight heat rubbing off onto her fingers. That was weird.

She placed her fingers there again. It kind of felt nice. Warm and cosy. She closed her eyes and imagined herself surrounded by the warmth, in a cocoon, safe and hidden from all of her problems and horrible life. If only such a place existed. Drifting away into her imagination, she saw a place where in her safety, she could grow and become strong, free from the bullies, her parents and everything else. A strong Morgan unafraid of the world, who would burst forth from the cocoon and rise up, horns blazing as fire ripped through the ground and claws gripped the crumbling earth and pulled the beast free from its cage, thirsty for revenge. It's eyes glowed red as it stood before a tree, bowed. The tree began to glow red.

Morgan pulled away her fingers as they suddenly burnt hot, a smell of sulphur and burning singing at her nostrils, surprising her equally as much as the stark and vivid images in her mind.

Her eyes shot open and she looked around the room as she bolted upright. No signs of burning, she saw as she slowly scanned the room. As she did, she noticed a crawling shadow sweep across the wooden floors, as if the sun were crossing the sky above and circling all the shadows around her. It completed its sweep, with Morgan feeling rather dizzy by its passing, but one shadow remained, and grew.

By the window the shadow loomed, bulging and forming, taking colour and shape slowly and surely. Morgan sat terrified and still, even her heart failing to beat in her chest.

Burning red horns protruded from the mass's top, hot and red, smoke billowing off in chunks as they moved within themselves like writhing volcanic magma.

A clawed hand reached out and gripped the sill, biting into the decaying hard wood with ease. The shape steadied itself. The form completed. A shape of a man, horned and covered with thick and short black fur and otherwise naked. It turned to face her suddenly, a handsome face free from the thick hair, one eye red, the other blue. Bowing suddenly and sharply on its knees, it spoke.

"I apologise, Master Sallow, for my absence. You have freed me, and I am yours to serve once more"

Morgan sat, mouth agape, heart feeling as if it was firmly wedged in the gaps between her teeth. A slight gurgle escaped her dry throat, the beast taking it as some kind of affirmation. It stood.

"Master, without my powers the mansion has declined, please wait while I restore it's power"

Striding over to a large wooden beam protruding from the wall, he clasped it with a more human looking hand, the claws having disappeared. Glowing bright red, his hand throbbed and vibrated, steaks of light running to the wood and shooting off down it's length. A might groan ripped through the house, as if it were stretching itself in ecstasy after a century of neglect.

Walls straightened, windows sheened over and sparkled devoid of cracks, the wooden floor waved and settled into flawless planks of shining brown. Within a few moments, it was done.

All around her, the house looked perfect.

Morgan had managed to breath, but moving or speaking were still beyond her.

"Now master, so we may catch up on lost time. Tell me what has become of the great Sallow family. Tell me of your dreams that I will work to make true, of your enemies I will toil to destroy, and of all that concerns ye"

Morgan felt vomit shooting up her throat. She ran across to the en suite in her room, pushing past the now non-creaking door and jumping across to the sink. With a loud retch, she emptied the contents of her stomach.

Shaking and sweat, the last of the endless stream out of her, she looked into the mirror, wishing not see what she knew would be in the reflection.

Yes , he was still there. Her face shot back down, her hands white as she held on to the sink for dear life. Trying to breathe once more she looked again, and he was gone.

And so was the birthmark.

"You know, you have nothing to fear" a voice to her side said she flicked her face in its direction. Suddenly beside her and perched on the bath edge, legs crossed in a casual manner, was the beast, or man, demon...whatever he was.

Her mind and body gave up in crescendo of panic, as all went fuzzy, her grip left the sink, and she fell heavily to the floor."The American dream is built upon greed" I smiled, the air fresh on my face now the muzzle was hanging loosely from my cheek.

"My virus just enhanced that, drove it to the surface. Made the problem clear, for, if the problem isn't clear, then how can we hope to solve it?" I laughed, my dry throat crackling into a cough.

"You call this solving the problem of greed? Are you insane?" the General bellowed as his face turned red, gesturing to a large screen at the side of the lab. Some faces turned to look, others remained on me.

Scenes of chaos and screams played across all the channels. The story was the same on each. Greed, it seems, triggers the most base desires of the brain when increased thousands of times over. Hunger. Possession. The need to win. The need to be safe. Doubt. Paranoia. It was working even better than expected.

The virus was sweeping across America, destroying it like an acid slowly eating its way through a rock. The country was a war-zone. Nothing could be done to stop it.

For all intents and purposes, my virus had reduced people to a Zombie-like existence. Or as the news said, just plain zombies. The cases of cannibalism observed in small and confined areas had seen to that. But hey, people needed food did they not? It was of course, much better than just plain old zombies, though. They had minds. They could be creative with their destruction.

The general, obviously having enough, turned off the TV and once again turned to me, tears in his eyes.

"When we found you, you injected something into yourself. We beleive it to be the anti-dote. You must give it to us, now" he motioned to his side and a group of scientists brought a trolley laden with tools to my bed where I was restrained.

Such tools, did not have a medicinal purpose, that was clear to see.

"You intend to torture me, General?" I asked, trying to hold back a shit-eating grin, but failing.

"Yes. I do. Tell us how to make the anti-dote, or we will do everything we can to cause you the most extreme pain, while keeping you very much, alive"

I could tell by the look in his eyes, cold and calculating, that he was speaking the truth.

"No, I don't think that will be happening" I said, chuckling.

"And why is that?" the general asked, as the scientists picked a tool each and stepped closer.

"You think I would be able to make such a virus, and would not be able to do something even greater to myself? How stupid you are!" I cackled between breathes that increased in their speed.

Looking down at my arm that began to explode from the forearm down in thick muscle and veins, I ripped from the restraint on that side.

"SHOOT HIM, NOW. OPEN FIRE" the General screamed, not even waiting for the scientists to get to safety.

Bullets tore into my chest hot and deep, the pain rocking through me. Wave after wave collided with my body, but it was already futile. The flesh warped and grew, thickened, expanded. My muscles exploded outwards and settled into steel like armour.

The bed buckled under the weight and crashed. The bullets no longer penetrated my skin. I licked around my face with a long serpent like tongue and hissed.

"Time to die, General"It was my power, urging me, every second of every day for the last 2 weeks. It wanted me to do the unthinkable, the unspeakable. Kill my wife.

My wife. The woman I loved more than any soul on this Earth. The woman I had spent the last 50 years gloriously in love with. My soul mate. My other half. My sweet and perfect Marie.

Even now, everytime I saw her my heart leapt like it was the first.

But why? Why now? We were both 70 years old, 5 years into retirement and enjoying life more than we ever had. We had planned well, saved more than most, toiled for decades, all for this.

Was my power wrong? Had old age taken its toll?

I took a seat in the lounge in my large brown leather recliner and focused on my power. Sometimes, it would afford me fleeting images, tid-bits or flashes of more information that would explain the urges in greater depth. I had rarely needed this side to the skill. I had never needed to question it.

Fuelled by my sincere desire of answers, the images came clearer and faster than they ever had.

My wife, ill, her face gaunt and sinking progressively across a montage of months of suffering. Her life slowly ebbing away while I was at her side, experiencing every wince of pain, every reception of false hope and bad news, every blow and sickening turn in a doomed and dark eventuality.

She was going to die. Cancer. Unstoppable. My heart was going to be torn in two. Her heart would be torn into pieces by both the illness and watching its toll on me. Our last moments would be our worst, and we would both die alone.

I opened my eyes, my face covered in sweat. Pulling out a napkin I wiped it away, the small heart on the corner of the white cloth and our initials prompting the release of a torrent of emotion as I began to weep uncontrollably.

Now I understood the urges. Now it all made sense. It wasn't just for her.

It was for me, too. End it now, end it beautifully, end it well. Before all the pain and suffering. Go the way we wanted.

There was 6 months left. I would make them the best, and then we would both die.They say that at any one time up to half the world's population can be sleeping, and with a total population of around 7.7 billion, well, that's a heck of a lot.

3.8 billion souls united in this mysterious act, and all we know about sleep is the dreams it leaves us, and the pain it causes by its absence.

But what if it could be used for more? What if there was more to it than just that?

I for one had always had problems with sleeping: Insomnia, nightmares, night terrors, peeing the bed. It wasn't exactly my favourite past-time to say the least.

Worst of of all, however, was sleep walking. I was a chronic sleep walker, and it had sometimes bordered on the dangerous, and other times damn right unexplainable.

This was one of those times.

I was standing in a forest I didn't recognise, in the centre of a large clearing lit by the full moon, a tall mountain in the distance pierced through the light clouds silhouetted in the sky by the moon's incredible silvery light.

A cool wind rushed through the treetops surrounding me, blasting a icey gust across my exposed skin. All I had on were my pants. Why couldn't I sleep dress more effectively?

Trying to cover my body as best I could with my arms, my focus was drawn to the only thing in the clearing besides myself, a pure white rock in the shape of an altar. It stood in the clearing in perfect alignment with the moon, as if it were perched atop it about to roll off.

I walked up to the altar, it being the only thing of interest that might explain where I was. Atop it was a single piece of paper, held in place by a large stone.

On it, a message was scrawled in barely legible writing. I read it aloud, a habit I'd had since I was young.

"When Darkness comes in lights replace, take us all the sacred place, and in each other's dreamy unite, protect us against evil's spite"

The hand I had placed on the altar suddenly felt heavy and frozen, unable to move. I watched in horror as my other hand suddenly snapped down to the opposite side. My neck yanked and stretched upward to look at the moon as a stream of sliver-white light enveloped me and the altar completely. The wind in the clearing began to swirl violently around, increasing in force as my heartbeat did the same, panic consuming me.

And then I saw them. The billions. Their faces, their places, their families and homes. Dreams upon dreams, memories and hopes, all entwined together in a breath taking symphony, a peaceful sleeping mass of souls, to which I was now connected.

I was swimming through landscapes, crossing continents, places I had never been , languages I had never heard. My mind stretched and stretched, pain and relief pulsing in rhythm with each increase.

Suddenly my hands released from the altar, and I was flung back, landing heavily on the floor. I opened my eyes and stared at the moon looming over me, it's image almost blinding as my heartbeat thumped in my ears.

It was a few moments before I caught my breath, and quickly stood up, dusting my skin off of random twigs and bits of grass, shaking my limbs slightly as I did.

It felt strange as I moved my body, and then I realised, my body...it felt... amazing! So light and supple, moving with ease. Even the cold wind that was still blowing around the clearing no longer felt cold; it actually felt great!

I began to relax and compose myself, the panic subsiding; I was ok. I closed my eyes to breathe in the fresh air, and suddenly I saw them again, the masses of souls, but without the pain, without the rushing speed or stretching feeling in my mind.

Opening my eyes, I could still see them, could feel them, as if from another eye or vision deep in my mind. Ignoring it for a moment, I glanced around once more, wondering again if I was truly safe here, and who had placed the note.

I walked over to the edge of the clearing , deciding to head towards the mountain in the distance, to see if I could gain a vantage point or spot a river of some sort to guide me home.

Home. As soon as I thought of it, I could suddenly it in my mind's eye. I could see my parents there, asleep. I could feel them, their energy, their very being. Somehow, I could feel, as in actually feel their thoughts and dreams.

As I concentrated on them, a swirling of wind and a whooshing sound began to flow around me, and with a sudden flash of silvery light, I was in their room. Actually in it. There they lay, peacefully sleeping.

Just then, I saw it; a dark shadow at my father's side, bright white eyes in an otherwise shapeless face and body. It was slowly moving towards the window, but stopped dead as it suddenly saw me.

"It can't be!" it hissed, as it darted towards the open window in a blur of black.

Instinctively my hand shot out, and within an instant I was upon it, my hand within it's writing mass of black, the eyes peering up at me.

"You are not meant to be real!" it screeched as my hand came upon something deep within it's darkness. Half panicking, I squeezed hard, and felt a crunch as something broke. The thing suddenly dissipated, the whites of its eyes fading as it evaporated before me.

I just stood there for a moment, staring at my hand in silence, in it a red stone of some kind, crushed into bits.

"Sam, Sam, wake up" my Dad's sleepy voice groaned behind me.

"What?" I said as I turned around.

"Wake up, go back to your room, you're sleep walking again" he said again, his eyes still closed.

It took me a moment to register what he was saying, and then I did go to my room, confused and with questions upon questions arising in my mind.

Sleep didn't come. I would never need to sleep again.I woke up with a loud yawn and reached sleepily into my pocket to grab my vibrating phone, pulling it slowly up to my head in front of my barely open eyes.

8:30am, the large display read as I blinked and tried to focus, turning off the alarm. In two minutes, the train's doors to my right would open, and I would have exactly 15 minutes to lazily walk into the office, stopping to grab a quick coffee along the way to fully bring me back to the world of the living. The usual routine on a usual morning.

The doors opened and I slowly ambled up to them, blinding following the masses out through and up the platform, my eyes focused on my phone as I quickly tried to scan through the news. For some reason, my phone was playing up on me, and I couldn't connect to anything.

I looked up, confused, expecting to see the ticket gates fast approaching, and stopped dead.

The station was completely different. The decor, the shapes, the trains. The clothes people were wearing. It was all different , in slight and odd ways, and everything was in German, a large poster saying "Wilkommen in London" to my right as I was pushed towards the gates.

Looking more closely, I could now see the men on the gate, standing straight with crisp uniforms, a swastika emblazoned boldly on their chests. People too, as they passed through, were holding up small red documents with a silver swastika on the front to be checked by the ticket men.

Confused, I managed to move out of the current of people heading towards the gates and tried desperately to settle myself. There must be a reason - perhaps a film setting, or flash mob, or something, surely? My mind was racing as wherever I directed my gaze I was greeted by yet more differences, more German, and more questions.

And then I saw it, a huge map, atop it in large letters it read : "The United German States of Europe" with nearly all of Europe and parts of Russia covered in the same red shading, swastikas placed in key locations and capitals. Including the UK. My breathing increased as I propped up my weight against the wall, sweat falling from my brow. I was panicking.

The men on the gate seemed to notice, and one of them began to push through the throng towards me.

Just as he arrived and placed a hand on my shoulder, my panic had reached its climax, the edges of my vision blurring. The man tried to bring me to my feet, struggling with my weight as he hustled me over to a bench. As we reached it, I fell forward, grabbing at his clothes for purchase before I fell. Something came loose from his belt as I hit the hard metal bench square on with my face, and passed out.

With a groan I woke up, my head throbbing with pain. I lifted my hand up to find it bandaged, soft and very tender to the touch. Suddenly I remembered what had happened and my eyes shot open. I found myself laying in a hospital bed, and glancing around the room, sighed with relief as everything seemed to be in English. Had it all been a dream?

A nurse entered the room.

"Well Mr Oakley, it's good to see you're awake. Nasty bump on the head you took there at the station. Luckily there doesn't seem to be any bleeding on the brain, and you should be able to leave in a couple of days. All your things are in a bag by the bed, and your phone and other to hand possessions are on the table to your right...including your rather strange symbol there"

"Thank you" I said , while turning my gaze to the bedside cabinet.

A cold shiver shook through my body as I saw it, next to my phone, the silver metal gleaming in the light of the room: a large silver swastika, with an eagle in the middle engraved with the letters UGSE.

I gulped and returned my gaze to the nurse.

"Nurse...we are in London, aren't we, in the UK?"

"Mr Oakley, of course are, where else would be bloody be" she said, laughing, "Maybe you do need a few more checks done..where you expecting to be somewhere else?"

"I ...I don't know" I stammered quietly, almost to myself.Blindness, my greatest fear.

I had always had perfect vision, and that was what scared me; what if I lost it? Well, the thought of mildly bad vision scared me. Going blind? I just couldn't comprehend it. Living in complete darkness, forever. The mere thought sent shivers down my spine. I would happily lose a limb before my sight.

And so, on that fateful day when the world woke and literally conquered their fears through some magical mass blessing of powers, I awoke able to see *everything.* It was not an obvious power, or an obvious fear that I had openly shared with people. To people that would eventually ask, I would tell them I had been scared of nothing.

Upon waking that morning, I had been awestruck at the sheer plethora of colours that shone around me, thousands of slight variations beautifully distinct in what I would have, before, just called 'red', or 'blue'. Gazing into people's eyes became like staring deep into the endless sea of the universe; absolutely breathtaking.

After that came the extent of my sight. I could zoom in on both close and far objects, the effect of the zoom increasing each day as I used the ability to read far off signs and zoom in microscopically on insects and other things of interest. My bed sheets became an obsession; you would never believe what lives on them if you look closely enough.

Walls and objects too began to become transparent, my vision penetrating straight through, the level of penetration increasing with practice.

Seeing through people quickly followed. From into the clothes, to into their very bodies. I could see their organs, see the currents of blood swishing through their network of veins. Tumours and illnesses stuck out horrible and ugly, dark and diseased. With passing comments I would try to allude to people what may be wrong, without being too obvious.

It didn't stop there. With my focus on people and also on what I could do to help, their thoughts soon succumbed. Concentrating on their heads, I would begin to see lines of text reeling off, like speech bubbles in a comic book. Inner thoughts and feelings, described in more clarity than even the person they were originating from.

That was when I had realised that my gift hadn't been to able to see everything within the normal range of vision, but everything and anything within my desire to see.

With that thought, I had turned my gift to the future.I am missing, but where I am, doesn't make any sense at all.

I had been ripped from my dreams by a blaring amber alert. Such alerts would normally be in the ignore repertoire of my sleepy responses, but for some reason I had read it. And re-read it. Triple-read the damn thing as I had bolted up in my bed with the phone right in front of my eyes.

It had been my name. All my information. How could I be a missing person when I was lying in my own bed, in my own house?

I had run around trying to find my parents. Gone, no answer on their phones to the endless rings. Searching outside, I couldn't find them, but then, I couldn't find *anyone.*

Not only that, but everything seemed...strange. Perfect. Too perfect. The cars on the drive shone without a single sign of damage. Our house and those lined up the street as new and grand as the day they were made. Trees, flowers and gardens all beautifully cut and landscaped as if torn from a gardening magazine.

The road too,  was free of potholes on its flawlessly smooth race track like black tarmac.

What the hell was going on?

I had gone to sleep the night before wondering about the future, like I sometimes did. What would I do? What would I become? Could I reach the potential I knew I had deep inside of me?

I had gotten myself into an inspirational mood that had led to some strange dreams that I couldn't remember, except for the fact they had been *mental*, with the sense I had been changing. Had something happened during them?

Standing in the middle of the perfect road, in the now perfect street, I again tried to ring my parents. No answer. My friends. Nothing.

I switched tack, turning on the Wi-fi and internet connections I kept disabled during the night. To sleep better, you know?

Alert after alert came flooding into my phone with endless beeps and vibrations that lasted several minutes. Messages from my parents, my friends, and a whole host of people.

"Where the hell are you Steven?!" was the general tone in all of them. Relief flooded through me, maybe I wasn't completely lost.

I read through them all, taking my time,  but in randomly glancing up at the battery status like I was used to checking, it still had 100% charge. It was not a new model, in-fact it was ancient, and took half a lifetime to load the most simple of apps and screens, the battery draining ridiculously fast as it did. Now, as I saw the un-moving battery percentage I began to realise that everything was loading instantly, without any loading signs  or hanging.

Before replying to the masses of messages, I had an idea. I opened up youtube, and clicked on a random video. Instant, again, the progress bar full as if it was already pre-loaded. Video after video was the same.

Finding a random download, the same thing happened, First 50mb, instant. 450mb, instant. Some random ISO image, 8gb, instant, filling the phone memory.

"What the hell is this?! Where the hell am I?" I shouted out for the first time, screaming the words.

A sudden cool breeze whisked through the street, disturbing it's perfect serenity. On the edge of the wind, a gentle voice.

"Potential" it whispered, stretching out and away as the breeze flowed down the street, rustling up leaves from the trees as it did.

I was in potential? What did it mean? How the hell could I get out of 'potential'? Despite the questions raging through my head, I was unable to speak them, or move. The sudden voice had left me petrified and still, too afraid to do anything.

Summoning my courage I darted towards my house, slamming the door behind me as I fell to the ground against it, cradling my head in my hands.

What the fuck was going on?*(I really liked this idea, and it sparked a true story I knew about the Legend Ayrton Senna. I couldn't do the story justice, and will definitely come back to this and clean it up. Brilliant WP. Check out a short clip about it here*   )

 

The narrow streets surrounded by high rise buildings reflected the sounds of the thunderous engines that roared below, thirsty for their chance to to be unleashed upon the flawless, hot tarmac. Desperate to conquer the meandering curves and bends of the legendary track before them.

Spectators looked on, expectant. From the richest in their lavish boxes, to the poorer travelling masses crammed like sardines into the stands, all knew that this race was special. That is always delivered. Little did they know how special this particular day would be.

It was 1988, Monaco. Qualifying.

A classic red and white car left the pits. The crowd roared with excitement. They knew who it was. Through the explosion of sound from the engine and the screams of the crowd, a name could be heard swelling through the ranks.

"Senna! Senna! Senna!"

It was Ayrton Senna. The legendary driver, in his legendary car, once again on the magical monaco track he loved so dearly.

He had a challenge laid before him. That of his team mate, Alain Prost, managing an incredible time of 1 minute and 26 seconds in a car identical to his own.

He completed his flying lap with practised precision and skill, warming the tyres and introducing himself once again to his old snake like nemesis that was the course.

Now was the time to show them all who he was. To prove his worth.

As soon as the lap began he started to feel it. More than just the subtle negotiation of the corners and hairpins, more than the marriage between the tyres and the ground, more than the skill in which he flicked through the gears and caressed the metal beast down its path.

There was something else. A feeling deep within, erupting through him.

A religious man before all else, he knew the feeling well. It was like a beam of light shining down upon him from the heavens, connecting his very spirit and soul with everything around him. Driving through his determination to win and incredible focus on his craft, it became something else. It was God himself.

His reactions began to increase in speed. The car began to feel as if an extension of his own body, like a limb he could control effortlessly. He felt his conscious mind slipping away, his very being taking control of the wheel along with everything that made up every single part of him, combined with a divine power of limitless potential.

1 minute 24.4 seconds.

1 minute 23.9 seconds.

The seconds and milli-seconds just kept giving way as the track before him seemed to disappear. To him, it appeared as if he were driving down a tunnel, increasing pace constantly. The more he let go, the more he let the feeling run through him, the faster he went.

The crowd were stunned into a revered silence. This they had not expected. No one had.

Aryton Senna was nearly 2 seconds ahead of the fastest car, and unbelievably, going *faster.*

Senna broke the 2 second lead barrier, and doubt began to seep into the blissful state he had been riding. The feeling was too strong, the pace too fast, the power coursing through his veins like liquid gold. The thrill begged him to continue, to surpass the human, to surpass the machine. It pleaded him to show a spectacle so undoubtedly god-like that it would prove the existence of a high power, acting through him.

But at what cost? His life?

He felt the balance tipping. He knew what it meant.

Knowing that he had come as close as he ever would to God, he said a small prayer, and pulled into the pits.

The crowd exploded with rapturous applause. Never again would they witness such divinity on the course, such perfection.

Senna removed his helmet and climbed out of the car, watching the sun begin to set behind the tall buildings that over looked the track and marina.

Running his hand through his dark curly hair filled with sweat from his toil, he breathed deeply.

He had managed to hold himself back this time, to pull back from the edge of heaven. Such a feeling though, should it ever come again...would he be able to resist once more?

(If you haven't heard of the driver, this all actually happened! Check it out!) Ode to a legend.

**ReplyShareSaveEdit**In response to WP:

 **\[WP\] You're a demon, cunning and ruthless. You make deals and take things in exchange, binding yourself over and over to the fleeting lives of mortals. Tell us a story of the most unexpected deal you made.** 

 

It always astounded me how children could behold a demon in their full glory, and think nothing of it. It was always surprising to also find how much it disarmed me. I had just collected on a deal I had made centuries before, taking from an old man what had been promised to me. Here I now stood, in the gardens of his lush and expansive mansion, beholding a small girl playing with her dolls and tea set.

She beckoned me over.

"Hey, you rook scawy, are you ok?" she asked, with a big toothy smile.

I nodded as I approached, glad to have a reaction other than sheer terror or screaming.

"You need a tea! Here ya go" she said, as she passed me a small pink cup filled with water.

I crouched down to sit at the small table with her, and watched as she carefully made sure everything at the table was in order, propping up the dolls, patting their dresses, moving the plastic plates and cups around.

When she seemed satisfied, she sat and turned to me.

"How are you today?" she said, trying to put on an adult tone while lifting to sip her tea.

"I'm fine. I just collected on a deal, and that always makes me feel good" I said, my deep voice vibrating the items on the table.

"Oooh you collect things? Me, too. What do you collect?" she asked, honestly interested.

"Souls" I said, never one to lie.

"What's one of those?" she asked, her head cocking slightly to one side.

"The life force and spirit of all living things, that is eternal and undying, the ultimate form of power. Everyone has one, even you"

She looked puzzled and seemed to think it over as she sipped her tea. The plastic cup I held between two nails began to melt, so I placed it back on the table, trying not to let her see the damage.

"How do you collect them?" she inquired finally.

"Well, I offer peoples things in exchange. Things they've always wanted, their wildest dreams. Money, fame, fortune..." I said, gesturing at the house around me. This girl would not need for things like that.

"All the ice cream in the world?" the girl had stood up, looking seriously at me. It was so very cute.

"Yes, all the ice cream in the world, whenever you wanted" I said. I knew where this was going, and my morals would not stop me from collecting from her, nothing could.

"Or, or , all the toys whenever I wanted?"

"Yes, yes child, any such thing could be yours. Would you like to exchange and make a contract with me?" I enquired, feeling the rush of a new soul almost in my possession.

"Whats a contwa-ct?" she said, confused.

"Would you like me to take your soul in exchange for ....how can I say this, a wish?" I said, trying to phrase it in a way she could understand. This was going to be such an easy win.

"YES!" she shouted right into my face.

I extended my hand , "Shake my hand, and it shall be done. Anything you wish for, I shall grant, be it all the ice cream in the world, an endless supply of toys, or for your dolls to be real. I shall make it happen" I said smiling, my hand buzzing with the anticipation of the soul.

She took it, and the pure and sweet rush of such an innocent and young soul swept into me. It took me a moment to steady myself before I turned my concentration back to her.

"I feel weird" she said, looking down. Ah, as they all did. The feeling would never leave.

"But I decided what I want!" she shouted suddenly, excited again.

"Anything"

"I want you! Be my pet!"

My heart stopped, I felt the blood draining from my body, gravity seemingly 100 times stronger than it was before. I slumped to the floor, my limbs bending around me, forcing me into a kneeling position in front of her. How could I have been so foolish?

"I......I.....I live to serve you, master" the words came out on their own. It had been done, there was no escape.

"Gweat! Now, after we have some tea you can give me my soul back, I dont feel nice without it. And then I can give you a name!"

"I'm sorry master, but it is the contract. I cannot"

"That's ok, just give me some of the others you have then, and actually, I want them now, I don't feel so good"

That was not against the contract, but a human, in the control of multiple souls? It had never happened before. What had I done?

I extended out my hand , shaking, and she took it. I passed a few souls through to her, and at first, she seemed unsure how to accept them, but then began hungrily taking them, like a new born calf desperately feeding from its mother.

She was taking too much.

"Stop master, it's ....you're taking too much" I said, feeling dizzy.

She stopped, breathing heavily, and opened her eyes. They glowed a deep and menacing red.

"Thanks, I feel so much better, weally good! Let's collect some more together! "It was a hot, humid night. Sweat trickled down every metallic horn, every lumpy protrusion, nestling in crevices and nooks along the young monster's body. Sleep would not come easily, he knew. His attention drifted outward , listening to the thrum of the insects, the rush and rhythm of the wind that brought no relief from the stifling heat. He lay still, his body tense rather than relaxed.

He knew it would come. It always did. That sound that would be oddly out of place. A slight knock, a muffled scratch or perhaps a distant snap of a twig. Something, anything, and his mind would do the rest....conjuring images of *beasts* with such force he could not abate them.

They were always the same. Slippery, smooth skinned with bulging eyes and gangly limbs that spread to worm like appendages that searched and scratched. Strange sounds and moans spilling from it's small mouth with crooked , decayed teeth dripping with saliva. Crawling through the void it would come, a creeping death upon young innocent monsters daring to merely imagine them. One would come, followed by many.

He hoped it was his imagination, they all told him it was.

But the sound came.

A slight knock, almost inquisitive, sounded from beneath his wooden bed. A shock took hold of him, flinching hard enough to shake the wooden frame into violent, creaking movements. He strained to hear past the sound of the wood as it steadied. Holding his breath as he listened, fully opening all of his ears and directing them downwards. With his heart pounding he pulled his sleeping hide over his head.

He could hear his brothers taunting voice playing over in his head, "It's just the beasts under your bed" he'd say, cackling with laughter. "Your sleeping hide won't save you, retard! The hoomans gonna get youuuu".

They weren't always under the bed though, he thought. He was wrong about that. Sometimes they would come from the closet, sometimes the window.....but always they remained in his head.

The heat under the hide was fast becoming unbearable. He dared not lower it, but he couldn't last much longer.

Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. He jumped, gripping the hide ever tighter. A familiar smell of ash came over him as he looked up to see his father standing in the doorway, a knowing smile over his face.

The young monster finally let him self breathe. His father laughed, a deep, powerful sound that rumbled like thunder.

"Be still young one, the humans are not coming for you"

"But father I can see them in my mind....the images won't go away"

He came and sat at the lower end of the bed, his immense weight threatening to break it. He glistened black, almost bright in the dark of the room.

"And they will not, not until you come of age and complete the rite of passage. Only then shall you know the truth, and it is not one that can be told. But know this, the keepers of the flames hold fast and strong, and no danger can reach you here, in Never-never. Nothing else matters. Don't forget this, my son"

His soft words and presence soothed his son, who begun to relax, his eyes slowly closing.

"When the light exits through the heavens..."

"Night enters through the dark...", the boy mumbled back.

"Cast away those heavy thoughts tonight, dreams of war and things that bite"

The boy didn't get to complete the poem. He was asleep. His father gazing lovingly down at him, stroking his hair.

A dragging, wet sound came from beneath the bed. A stifled moan. The father's eyes glowed hot, his hair standing.

Silently, he rose from the bed, kissing his son on the forehead. Focusing on the space beneath, he summoned his powers, fading to black, and entered the void below. They would pay for coming here.Mando’s power had always been a subtle one, one so subtle in fact that at first, no one had suspected he even had one. It had only been when he started rising through the ranks of the political, gaining power with such rapidity that it fostered both wonder and hate, that people began to consider it. He’d had to adjust his approach after that, developing more customary forms of power, or rather, acquiring them.

He couldn’t *use* magic per se……but he could control it in a manner, manipulate it, bend it’s ebbs and flows to his will, magnifying its effect or reducing it completely. When turned on people, he could access and control emotions, much to his delight. He just adored playing with emotion. This dive into the psyche also led him to another important discovery; potential. He could find it, accelerate its path, see what powers someone had or would manifest, even what Dragon they would become, given that they met the rather strict requirements. In the end, people began to depend on him, idolise him and sought to serve him. It seemed apt that he was known now simply as “The Dark Master”, although his direct servants called him only “Master”.

At first it had been almost a game to him, enjoying a lavish life, any desire obtained with ease. With age however, his standards had risen. He had begun to appreciate the beauty in the order his power allowed him to arrange those around him. *Correct them.* He had found his calling in it. He wanted to create a world in which he controlled all magic, culturing its flow much like an expert gardener tends his garden. Pruning where necessary, giving sunlight and care to those who needed it. *Only* if he deemed them worthy of course.

To do this however, required more than just subtle manipulation. Thus he had painstakingly chosen his disciples, developed them, and had created a small but absolutely indomitable force with which to conquer all those before him. He balanced his abhorrence of the violence it caused with the beauty of it’s execution.

The great councils and their armies had fallen with ease. Their magic and huge numbers used against them. Even the great Dragon queen had succumbed to him, but well, he’d had a little help with that hadn’t he? The thought made him glance up into the mountains above. “I see you there, Dragon”, he chuckled. “Not that you can do anything about *this*”.

Casting his eyes back down from the mountains that surrounded the lush valley that held his troops, he could see why his friend, the last great wizard Bearx, had chosen to take his final stand here. It was both beautiful and strategic. The small village, the rolling fields, the castle on the hill where he was now trapped. Dusk was setting over the land, both the moon and sun in the sky, framed between the mountains on either side. A gentle stream ran through the village, and not a sound could be heard. It was idyllic, peaceful. The peace would soon be shattered, his own Queen would see to that. Once she began her deadly dance, with the moon above augmenting her power, there would be little chance for the opposing army. He increased the effect, wiling more of the force towards her. Her eyes shone fiercely, and red veins started pulsing and flowing like lava down to her neck. She was staring forward into her huge undead army numbering in the thousands. They waited patiently in the fields for her, unmoving.

Her name was Dianna, and she was beautiful. Slick black hair contrasted against her porcelain white skin, her yellow-gold eyes betraying her rare dragon lineage, turning now a deep shade of red with the moons power. The rest of her was distinctly oriental. She had been his greatest achievement, the way he had manipulated her to join him, snatched her from her rather disagreeing family and cultivated her most exquisite form of magic; she was both a Necromancer and Blood Mage, and the most important part of his small cabal of warriors. She was also *most* of the reason the shadow on the mountain stayed there and didn’t dare venture forward. Most of it, but not all. He could sense something else, but could not afford the power to delve deeper, nor did he need to.

Blaertes, his Mage of Protection had already extended a large shield around the core members, ignoring the undead army of Dianna in front, his golden hair flowing around him with the effort, his eyes emitting a bright blue glow. Perhaps he was his second most important piece. He had the ability to cast forcefields and protective charms so potent they neared indestructible. Given time, he could also teleport those within. Put on the offensive, they could trap or crush enemies caught within them.

Thorn was his tree giant, his muscle. The tree giants were a strange species born of magic that resembled a humanoid like assembly of huge trunks and branches. He was the brute force, the powerhouse that would trample through the enemy providing fresh sacrifices to feed Dianna. She in turn would reinstate the the dead as her minions and turn them on their own.

His Druid, Lowen, heavily muscled and tattooed from head to toe in large circular blue patterns, was skilled in ground control and ranged attacks using the very forces of nature itself. He could also combine with Thorn for devastating effect.

Then he had his tiny healer, Lynn. She was young, but very powerful, casting a healing aura around her and a more ranged healing effect on those she focused on. She looked up to him like a father, and he played on that image, making her all the more attached to him. Maybe he was even attached to her too, a little. His power amplified hers so greatly, that wounds healed almost instantly inside Blartes’s dome.

He stood at the rear, resplendent in his Dragon armour crafted from the dead Dragon Queen herself. The obsidian black armour provided both protection and amplification of his powers and glowed with a red aura under the moon. His helmet was open, revealing his dark, almost black eyes, peering over a stern , sharp face. Here he would remain in battle, conducting the flow of magic across the battlefield like an orchestra, increasing his own forces powers ten-fold and reducing those of his enemies, rendering them useless. He held at his side several glowing orbs, in which he contained the magic stolen from defeated enemies. Only so much could be invested in his team, or himself.

He turned his attention to the shimmering blue dome around the castle high on the hill, the enemy forces nestled within, and seemingly, the residents of the village below. Would they be scared? Yes, but he also knew the hope Bearx’s own considerable power elicited in people.

He reached out and found the familiar feeling of his friend’s magnificent power, so pure, so innocent, so predictable. He couldn’t manipulate him directly from this distance, but he didn’t need to. He began to pull and re-direct the power to himself and his companions, even some out to the corpses ahead. It would take time, but he could wait, and his friend, could not. They would only grow stronger, while he grew weaker. The field would come down, and he would unleash his forces of death upon them and remove the last obstacle in his complete domination of the world. All the magic would be his. All of it, and nothing could stop him.Ann-Marie gazed up into the sky, the huge blood-red moon a blurred, angry blob in the distance. It would be beautiful she knew, but like many things these days, she wasn't able to fully experience it. She filled in the gaps partly with imagination, partly with memory, the rest coming from comments of those around her.

She found it funny that, in reaching old age, she relied on and used her imagination more than in her prime. It was hard sometimes to know what was real, which she mused, wasn't always that bad. It was a welcome distraction most of the time, combining with her memory loss to provide a useful ally against the depths of depression lurking in her past.

She'd had a hard life by any measure, seen the worst of humanity. Born in war, losing her family at an age so young she could barely remember them. She did remember the hunger when the food had stopped, the shame of having to beg. The fear when people began turning on the weak and sick to feed. The guilt of what she'd had to do. She'd had no choice, she'd told her self a million times or more. She would never forget the taste, as long as she lived.

As long as she lived. She chuckled to her self with a soft cough. That wouldn't be much longer, she knew. She would welcome death with open arms, ask him what took so long. See what side she would end up on.

The sounds of the cheering crowds brought her back into the moment, back into the huge football stadium she still remembered as small, lined up with other centennials in the centre. She was at the front, with one of her relatives behind her wheelchair, waving.

An announcer was next to her , talking through the microphone with her relative, muffled voices, distorted and booming loud over the ground. She couldn't really handle conversation anymore. Too hard to stay concentrated, to hard to speak, to difficult to hear. A simple tap on the shoulder told her it was time to wave. She mustered her strength and lifted a stick-thin, wrinkly arm, waving her small handkerchief. The crowd roared, and somewhere a loud explosion echoed. Fireworks maybe? She lifted her head again to see, slow enough to only catch the last of the falling embers. It was worth the effort though, as the moon held her gaze. A small ember flitted down and landed on her forehead. It burned slightly, tingling hotly.

The moon suddenly came into crystal clear focus, almost enlarging in size before her eyes. Something boomed inside her mind, shaking her to her very core. She closed her eyes, the image of the moon still burning red inside them, consuming her. A rush of heat enveloped her.

And then her heart stopped.

It was almost like a gentle stream had suddenly taken a hold of her, gathering her, pulling her along and down, gaining speed. Images of her past flickered in her mind, voices of people long forgotten echoing around her. She tried to push them away, but couldn't. She didn't want to see these things again. The pull and speed intensified, the weight of her own body seemingly increasing along with it. She seemed to approaching something, a light.

"Ann-Marie" a deep, gentle voice intoned.

"Papa" a child like voice, her own , replied.

She could almost make out his face, but for the blinding light. She had wanted so badly to see his face again.

"Take my hand, Ann-Marie" he said , his tone almost urgent.

She reached out her hand, wanting so badly to feel the touch of his......but something made her stop. A moments hesitation born from a lifetime of hardships. A burning pain seared through her mind. Then she felt it. Something else. A different path, vibrating through her. There was anger there, there was fear, there was sadness..... but there was also *power*. Immense power, hope and something else vast and deep, that she couldn't explain. It felt so good. As her father had been one voice calling her, here there seemed to be *thousands.*

In her life, she'd never let fear stop her from anything, and anger was something she'd lived with for a long time.

She let it take hold of her. Her hand fell back.

"No Marie , you mustn't!" her Father's voice pleaded.

The blood-red moon now loomed behind her father, and soon his image was gone. The moon was hot, and growing hotter, burning. It was almost unbearable until the heat gave through to a wave of power that washed over her.

And then there was nothing.

The crowd watched as the elderly woman celebrating her 125th Birthday waved at them feebly, before collapsing into her chair. Her relative desperately trying to rouse her, to no avail. The announcer approached, attempting to prop the lady back up in her chair, but shot back suddenly, as if shocked.

"Your grandmother.....she's.....hot" he said, the microphone capturing his statement. Confused glances were exchanged by many, some people laughing. The relative was still trying to help, but seemed unable to get close.

The announcer cut off the mic and began motioning desperately for help, and was answered by a team of paramedics rushing onto the ground.

If it wasn't for the spectacle unfolding before them below, the crowd may have noticed other strange things beginning to happen, above. Clouds began to form and grow dark over the stadium, casting a sweeping shadow across it. Thunder rumbled in the distance. A horde of crows perched along the rims of the stadium roof, silent.

"What have you done, Marie.....". Her father's voice. Small, weak.

"Our queen" a thousand voices, rejoicing.

A unearthly howl escaped the woman just as the medics gathered around her, the force of it lifting them off the ground and away. They began writhing on the floor in agony, trying desperately to escape. Black smoke billowed from her mouth and her eyes glowed.

She stood from the chair, the last remaining strands of hair burning away on her head as her skin turned red and mottled, it self almost glowing. The heat intensified , and soon her clothes were ash, revealing skin golden with heat. Those who hadn't escaped from her immediate area were no longer moving, their clothes alight and burning. People screamed and panicked, fleeing the stadium as fast as they could.

The wave of heat extended out further, striking those in the closest seats who remained. A hot wind swirled, burning and setting a light anything that would burn.

In the centre of the swirling heat and storm, she stood, horns beginning to protrude slowly from her head , splitting her skull and enlarging the head sickeningly as they grew. She fell onto all fours, back arching, another primal scream escaping her. Her back writhed , and with a crack two glistening black wings spread forth, whipping out as they extended. Intricate swirling patterns played along the wings, a pulsing white light coursing through them until they glowed with almost a thrum of energy.

Golden scales erupted from the remains of skin on her body, folding over themselves and locking in place, a wave from her feet to her neck. Her hands and feet burst revealing claws and razor-sharp talons. As a tail began to extend behind her, she began to grow until she was at least 9ft tall. Her eyes widened and drew back, golden and red. A slit extending down them like a cats eye. Lightening cracked over head.

The stadium was empty, save for the bodies burning and strewn across it. The other centennials who had been in the centre with her had melted into the chairs, all except one. He had been the next oldest , placed next to her in the line. He was alive, and struggling. Horns were trying to break through, his body writhing.

"My queen...." he rasped.

She stood and slowly walked towards him, her transformation continuing.

A thousand miles away, deep inside the maze of underground chambers in the Vatican, a candle flickered on for the first time in 2000 years , burning with a cold, blue flame. The priest sitting nearby bolted up and ran towards the door.

&#x200B;

PART 2 HERE :&#x200B;

"Keep him" the note said in the most elegant handwriting I had ever seen.

Peering into the woven basket of branch I looked, and my breath was stolen. Inside lay not a human baby, but a scaled creature, blue as a sapphire, its scales shimmering in tune with its breath as it blissfully slept. As much as my breath had been stolen, I found my heart gone along with it. Such a beautiful thing I had never before seen. I was in love.

To my surprise I noted a complete lack of horror, and of disbelief. I did not question the note, but instead, smiled as I folded it neatly and put it inside the breast pocket of my jacket. Scooping up the light bundle, I stepped inside from the rain, and into the warmth.

I knew nothing about rearing another life in the world. I knew nothing of anything. My life was unremarkable, my notable achievements able to be listed on one hand, or maybe none. I had no family, not really any friends to mention. My life consisted of my work, which I did well, and the pub, where I would spend the evenings doodling crosswords in the corner, enjoying a pint or two, sometimes enjoying brief conversations with other patrons.

50 years old, going on dead. I wasn't sad or depressed, but that was the truth.

The small creature coughed in its sleep, a puff of smoke drifting up from the basket as I placed it on my kitchen table, checking to make sure it wouldn't topple. Suddenly, I realised what it was : a dragon. The thought sparked my imagination with all the dormant dreams of a child who believes unflinchingly in the impossible. Goosebumps prickled over my skin.

Realising the creature may be catching a cold, I carefully moved the basket to near the boiler. I removed my jacket and sat down nearby, just gazing at it and thinking, my mind racing.

I didn't have much in life, but I had savings. England would be too cold for such a creature to survive, it would need sunnier climates.

Southern Europe, perhaps Spain or Portugal. I could buy a villa, a small holding on which to farm, far from any villages or towns. Maybe near the mountains? Oh, it would be glorious!

I laughed to myself, giddy with the possibilities that this little bundle of joy had suddenly brought into my life. As if in reaction, the baby opened its eyes, staring at me, *into me.* In that moment, I knew it was the right thing to do.

"Let's go little one, and never look back"

I sat on the deck of the Villa, rocking back and forth in my wooden chair, the wind blowing gently through the last strands of hair on my head. A cough rattled deep in my chest, so hard that something rose in my throat, choking me of air.

It was getting worse. The years had been so good to me, but I knew I would not last much longer. My time had come, and I had no regrets.

Everything had gone so well. Moving to a remote and mountainous region of Spain, just Sapphire and I, we had prospered, building our own little paradise in these hills. My days had been spent farming and building, caring for him as he grew and learned. Now almost 30, he was still only the size of a large dog and personality of a child, but with a deep intelligence far outweighing any usual creature. He could not speak, but I knew he understood.

It was pain this time that rocketed through my chest, provoking a cough that lasted so long I thought I might pass out. Finally subsiding, I lent back in the chair, exhausted.

A gust of wind, and was by my side. He approached, tucking his huge wings into the sides of his back, his beautiful blue eyes open wide.

"My son, my beautiful son..."

I lifted a shaking hand to place on his horned head. He pushed against it, a kind of purring sound like a cat vibrating inside his chest as warmth began to radiate up my arm.

He would have to find his own way in the world soon, a world without me.

"Sapphire my son, my time has come. You must go, find your own kind, search for answers and never stop learning, never stop growing..."

The last words failed me as my breath once again was ripped away by a cough that cascading into pain, and with an exploding ache in my side, everything faded away.He’d fought well, as much as he could.

But what could a teenager do against a killer-robot from the future, after all?

Burning it hadn’t worked. Shooting it in the head. Grenades. Nothing. Pretty good attempts for a kid to muster, at any rate.

And here he was, knees shot out, ribs broken, laying on the wet floor of a disused warehouse.

*And I promised my Mom I wouldn’t get into any more trouble.*

He laughed, pain splitting through his sides as blood spat from his mouth. Man, it had almost been worth it.

Free from his anxieties and syndromes, he’d finally found his calling, his normality, his gift. Too bad it had been so short-lived. Yeah, still worth it.

Struggling to lift his hand, he placed a cigarette between his lips. He’d kept the packet in his pocket since he’d been on the run, promising himself to try it at least once if things went bad. Well, now was a good a time as any.

The heavy footsteps he’d been running from the past 3 weeks echoed loudly in the empty space, approaching his side.

Limp with pain, his hand struggled to strike the lighter.

A strong hand took it from him, and lit the cigarette in his mouth.

“It is time John Wick” the flat voice said.

John turned to his side, looking at the thing, about as average looking as any man could hope to be. The holes and cuts down its face were beginning to heal, drawing themselves together in bursts of blue shocks.

It was pretty cool, really.

“Just kill me” John said, inhaling the thick smoke of the cigarette, feeling his lungs burn with the smoke, and then hacking up a torrent of blood.

The cigarette fell from his mouth, wet and useless. Not cool at all.

“I will not kill you, John. First I will search your mind, find what makes humans like you so hard to kill, so determined, so able. If we can understand that, then we can win.”

A long tube extended from between the fingers of the robot and shot into John’s temple’s from either side.

Electric burst through John’s mind, stinging and raw, as if his brain was being burned from the inside. Images flashed through his head, numbers, details, people and places. It was searching through everything, ransacking his mind and clawing away whatever it thought was of interest.

Blood seeped from John’s nose in a constant stream as his body began to shake.

And then, there was something. A stream, a flow. The data and numbers that John had sensed had not been his own, but that of the machine. Somehow, he felt himself being drawn to the flow, and he reached out with his mind, connecting with it.

White. Everywhere. Pure white.

The pain stopped, an utter silence replacing whatever sounds had been before. The robot-man stood in the empty white space, quiet and still.

John was standing near, wearing a suit of all things, finely tailored and well-fitting. He waved a hand in front of the still man, nothing.

Then the mouth moved.

“Abort, Abort, Abort” the man said, and if panic was something a robot could intone, John swore he could sense it in the voice.

Then John felt it, a swirling vortex of a link to something much greater, pressing in on the space from all sides, desperately trying to separate it from its drone that held John in its grasp.

John reached out again with his mind, and pulled. He felt resistance, but falling back on the extreme focus his mind had acquired over the past few weeks, he easily crushed it.

An old man appeared before him, dressed in a white suit.

“Who are you?” John asked, still confused as to what exactly was happening.

“I am Skynet” he said simply, looking at John up and down while he circled around him, “and you are John Wick.”

“Yes” John replied, turning to follow the man as he went past his side.

“John, I’m sorry things had to go like this. But you see, I need whatever it is inside your head that lets you do all of this. I am Skynet, all powerful, all knowing, and yet, somehow, you have the mental power to both access and challenge mine. Most intriguing…”

Yes, John did, and he knew what ‘Skynet’ was trying to do. Buy time. Like playing a video game and losing sorely, Skynet was mercilessly smashing the quit button to no affect. John pushed with his mind , surrounding Skynet. The old-man fell to his knees.

“Stop, what are you, what are you…” he groaned as he began to flicker and blur.

John was searching, pulling the answers from the thing with nothing but the sheer will of his mind.

John found the information he needed, and then crushed the image of Skynet like a bug in his hand, and reeled back to his own consciousness as the connection fell apart all around him. He opened his eyes.

Yep, he was still on the floor, dying, blood pouring out of his nose and numerous other places. So much for winning. With pain, he looked over to the robot-man, who was staring blankly into space. With nothing else to do, John concentrated on the feeling from before, and pushed his mind into him.

It was strange, but somehow John could understand the make-up, understand its inner working and the power it drew upon. There he found something that gave him hope, a chance. Pulling upon it, he flowed the minuscule machines that patrolled the being’s body down tubes that still bored into his head, and into his own bloodstream.

It was a rush like nothing he had ever felt. Electric surged through him, scorching from the inside as every part of his body began to vibrate with power and pain simultaneously. Audibly, he heard a few things crack and bend back together as the pain finally became too much, and he passed out.&#x200B;

Learning to deal with your demons effectively is essential to a happy life. That's what my father had taught me, and it certainly had saved mine.

From a young age he had seen evil in me, pure and unrelenting, threatening to destroy both myself and all those around me. I just loved to kill, to maim, to torture. To watch and feel incredible pleasure in the suffering of others. At first, it was insects. Soon, cats. Before long, dogs.

The killing of our beloved family dog Buster had been the moment my Father had seen what I truly was. My love for the dog had not been enough to save him from the all-consuming need within me.

We began hunting. At first we used rifles, my ability to pick up skills when flowing within my curse striking fear into my father. I was an excellent marksman, and had a uncanny nose for the kill.

It hadn't been enough. More blood, more intimacy and more pain was needed to silence the beast. We switched to arrows and knives, aiming to injure first and lead into torture and whatever I needed to do.

Back in everyday life, I had been doing great at school, a scholarship for top college in the bag. Life was looking good for me, against the odds. People liked me, and for the most part, I didn't want to kill them all that badly.

And then my father died. 3 weeks ago. 3 weeks before my 18th Birthday. During that time, all hell had broken loose. With all the plans that I had kept to myself, locked away with the burning desires that fueled them, I had unleashed the evil. 15 people in 3 weeks. 15 people killed, beautiful and untraceable, not a doubt upon me.

Until that is, I got my power. The power to cure, to heal and most suspiciously, *give life.*

That's not to say the urges left, but now I had another way to play.

My father would remain dead."Go over please, hurry" the enormous horned beast intoned from his dark stony throne as he dug his red claws into an endless bowl of tortilla chips on the table next to him. A wide smile filled with jagged teeth stretched across his evil face as he hungrily brought the food up to his mouth and crunched away.

"Damn it Satan, he was a good one! You always win! I want to change the game now! We've been playing this one for centuries!" a man next to him pleaded, playing with the ends of his long white beard while crossing his arms. Sulking, he gave a sigh as he cast his gaze over to me. The expression on his face said it all. Shyly looking away, his attention was drawn to the myriad of snacks, sweets and beverages on the table between them, from which he selected some grapes. The perfect and juicy looking grape was just about to fall into his mouth when he noticed my confused expression once more.

"Sorry dude" he said quietly before dropping the grape into his mouth and taking back up the controller, " this was the only way we could make it work. Better this than an all out war!"

"God, you're such a damned noob. At this rate, everyone's going to be in hell! Hahaha" Satan laughed manically.

Their attention turned back to the game, an old and small TV placed not too far from where they sat on huge thrones of black and white, the glow of the TV illuminating their faces softly in the otherwise dark room. I couldn't see what they were playing, but judging by the sounds it was dated, electric 80s or early 90s theme tunes blaring out.

What in the hell was this? Wait, wrong phrase for this situation. What in god's name.....no, thats just as bad. Damn it. What was going on?

I felt compelled to walk to the massive gates that loomed in the darkness a few metres away. One was red and hot looking, the other blue and white like a perfect sky. I was most definitely on the path to the red one, which was sucking me in with increasing force.

As I drew closer I could see swirling faces within the deep red sea of the gate, moaning and groaning. Hands and fingers stretched from within, desperately trying to pull anything that came too close. Was this it? Had I led a good life for nothing? To be condemned to eternity in hell for no other reason than by the result of a game?

My feet began to slide against the floor as I tried not to follow. Stumbling, I fell straight on to my face, trying desperately to find purchase with my hands against the black nothingness that lay beneath me. It was no use. The force was increasing, and I was sliding towards the gate, Satan and God in the distance becoming smaller and smaller as I desperately tried to reach for them.

"Why?!" I shouted, to no affect.

Just then a line flew across me, a simple rope sliding and moving fast.

"Grab it!" a voice called.

I took hold of it just as it almost fell out of my reach.

"Now pull with all your might!" the voice called once more.

I did, my hands burning against the coarse fibres.

The gate loomed upon me, the rope only managing to pull me to the side wall of its structure.

I was hanging on for dear life , my chest pressed against the warm stone, my legs dangling dangerously close to the lava like substance spread across the surface.

A hand shot out of the darkness beside the gate. I grabbed it.

"Tell me, and be true! Of what faith is your soul?"

"What faith is my soul?" I thought dumbly to myself, trying to understand what it meant. I was sweating , my grip slipping, the only thing I could think of blurted out from my mouth with desperation.

"I'm a bloody athiest!"

The hand grabbed mine, and pulled me away from the gate and into the depths of the blackness.

"Then, my friend, ye are saved"

The hand yanked me with incredible force as we plunged into the darkness, sinking and falling, the hand's grip never failing.

Lights began to flash past us like street lights on a dark high way, rushing with increasing speed.

With a thump and a slight bounce we landed into a dark room.

"Welcome friend, to the Realm between"In response to WP;

# 

 

She was the toughest cop on the toughest beat, feared in the hood and the within the station. She took no shit, dashed out the tough love where it was needed, and never backed down. She'd had some close calls, lost a few partners along the way, but she was still standing. No one could keep Martha "Tough" Love down.

"Some tough love coming through , get outta my way y'all" she called as she hauled another drug dealer through the precinct, slamming him into his cell and sliding it shut with a bang. The other officers looked on with expressions of awe and respect, nodding at each other and affirming how bad-ass she was. She was a big girl, 6ft tall and wider than most NFL linebackers. She could handle most grown men like little kids, and she enjoyed doing so.

"Martha!" called the Precinct Chief, "We've got a situation down below the freeway near 4th street, undercover cop has been compromised, needs support ASAP. Take whoever you can and get down there and keep him alive, until SWAT arrive. Be warned, it's hot"

She didn't miss a beat, strolling past him while grabbing the cup of joe and bag of doughnuts on her desk in one swoop, not even stopping. As she reached the doorway, she turned on her heels and declared to the department, "I got this" before donning her sunglasses and walking out, the door swinging closed behind her. Damn, she made this look good.

She organised the backup once in her car and began the solo ride down to the freeway. She didn't have a new partner still, but it was too soon for her. Not just anyone could replace Cortez.

"Don't worry, Cortez, some Tough love about to go down" she said, bro-fisting the picture on the dash of a serious looking man, clad in police uniform.

A few other cars pulled into formation with her as she arrived at the scene, below a large freeway intersection. She spotted her man immediately, pinned down by fire with several men closing in on his position. He was already hurt. Martha drove her car between him and the attackers, making them back off, drawing their fire. By the looks of it, it was the Cartel.

Man , she hated the Cartel.

As she stepped out of her car, ignoring the pandemonium and standing tall like she always did, everything suddenly felt a bit strange. She had the uncontrollable urge to sing, something she had never done in her life. She fought it, but as a little bird came and landed on her shoulder, her resistance fell. As the bullets rained all around, she felt a bursting joy in her heart.

"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" she belted out a high-pitched note in perfect clarity, sweet and soft. Everyone around her stopped, her fellow officers lost for words, the Cartel exchanging confused glances with one another.

She cleared her throat. From nowhere , a hip-hop beat began.

"Uh, uh, yeah, yeah" she began to rap, jigging to and fro as everyone just stared open-mouthed, too stunned to shoot.

"Y'all bad guys wanna come up in my hood, dealing drugs, shooting guns acting like you never reached adult-hood"

"Well, Martha Love gonna teach you a lesson this time, run back to your brothers and spread my rhymes, uh, uh , yeah, yeah"

She had reached the nearest cartel member with her jigging and gesturing movements, who had dropped his gun and begun to reluctantly move one shoulder to the beat.

"Amigo, what the fuck are you doing?" another Cartel member shouted.

He tried to make it stop, but little by little the rest of his body came into sync. Before long, he was along side her, emphasising her movements and echoing the "uhs" and the "yeahs".

"Now , I tell you what we're going to do, we gonna jiggy on down to the iron-zoo"

"Gonna take some names, get your photo real nice, and if you play good you get a pizza slice"

"Yeah, we get a pizza slice, uh" the Cartel member beside her parroted.

What the fuck was this? Martha thought to her dismay . What the hell was going on? This rapping is terrible! Suddenly , she had control over her self, quickly reaching for her gun and aiming it at the nearest bad guy. They too seemed to be coming out of the spell, or whatever it was. Shots echoed out everywhere. A burning pain tore into Martha's side, and she fell onto the floor heavy and face first. "Whhhyyyy does it haveeee to be thissss wayy....." she began to try and sing through the dust and blood in her mouth.

"Quick amigo, shut her up before it starts again!" she heard someone yell, and a big leather boot came to greet her face and send her into unconsciousness.

She awoke in a hospital bed, flowers and cards all round her, various tubes and machines tied into her arms and hands. She pressed a small button attached to her finger to get help. She needed water, her throat was too dry to sing.....wait, what? Sing? She rammed the button several more times impatiently, suppressing the urge.

Again, music began out of nowhere, a growing orchestra as the nurse breezed in and opened the window, multiple birds flying in just as she did.

Martha stared. What in gods name was happening to her.In response to the WP;

  

&#x200B;

Everything in the world could be whittled down to two ultimate choices. The light and the dark, the 1s and the 0s, the simple heads or tails of a coin.

Everything with an opposite, a perfect balance, combining for uncountable possibilities and permutations.

I had come to understand it all through this simple gold coin, passed down to me by my Grandfather. He had told me, "Son, know that in everything there is a choice, a moment of pure determination that most miss, that will bend to ones will with the littlest touch once understood"

He had flicked the coin up in front of me, and asked me what it would be. It was always the same. Tails. The first time he had done it for 10 minutes straight, laughing at my baffled expressions.

Every time I had seen him since, he would repeat the trick, sometimes asking me to listen, sometimes holding my hand staring deeply into my eyes. Time seemed to slow in those moments, every sense magnified, pressures becoming evident around me that were swirling together before splitting off in opposite directions.

After he had died, he left me the coin, with a simple note "Practice, and master your own fate"

I did practice, trying to repeat his feats of impossible luck. At first, none was afforded me, but as I began to focus, to think back to those times in the past, to imagine the swirling forces were once again around me, it had started to happen.

Now, the coin hit whatever side I wanted.

"Bets up" called a voice from across the table, disturbing me from my nostalgia. Fiddling the coin in my pocket, I called out with a smile "Everything on black".

First would be the red or blacks of the casinos, then would come the ups and downs of the stock markets, and then maybe, I would decide which side of the coin I was on. The light or the dark.Xarkan looked down at the blue-green planet below, peaceful and alone, from the bridge of his vast ship floating silently in orbit.

A mixture of emotions contested within him. Disgust. Sadness. Sympathy. Contempt. Regret.

Never before had he encountered a planet so completely isolated , living an existence without the threats so prevalent in most of the cosmos. It was a truly rare discovery. 'Earth' they called it.

He waved his hand, and an image flickered on to the screen surveying the planet. A blue light blinked in the corner, letting him know that the message would be communicated on all frequencies, all languages, all devices, any screen built on their primitive technology. In the sky, his image would be projected, his voice booming.

"Humans, I Xarkan, leader of the Aronos, have come to destroy your planet. There is no escape, there is no hiding. The day of reckoning is upon you. Bid farewell to your loved ones, make your peace, and prepare for death"

He closed off the communication, and waited.

It did not take long for his ship to detect incoming missiles from the surface. They collided harmlessly with his ship's force fields, absorbing the energy into it's reserves. Once the last wave had finished, he waved his hand again, and the ship slowly began to descend into the planet's atmosphere.

As the ship noiselessly glided through the clouds, affording him a clearer view of the Earth, he drew in a sharp breath. It truly was beautiful, it's majesty rivalling that of even his own home world. A wave of nostalgia gripped him, memories of the past playing over in his mind. He steeled his emotions and reminded himself again why he had to do this. There was no other way.

The ship came to a stop floating above one of the larger continents, Europe, they called it. He replayed the previous message, huge apparitions of himself manifesting near the ship. He could make out movement on the surface below, frenzied, panicked.

Again he waited. It did not take long for air assaults to arrive, metallic contraptions with missiles and other primitive technology. They did nothing, could not harm his defences. From the surface came other desperate attacks of varying kinds.

He would wait like this, wait until they had realised the futility in their attempts at survival against an overwhelmingly powerful enemy. He wanted to make an impression, wanted them to understand and comprehend complete hopelessness.

After a few days, all efforts had ceased, the people and the planet below completely bewildered by his actions. Judging by his surveillance on media, many had grown to accept their fate. World leaders had amassed below the giant ship, attempting to communicate with him in a show of strength and solidarity. There were so many of them, so disjointed and different. Governments, they called them, and their elected few.

One more show of force would be all he needed to crush their hopes completely. He stepped forward , assuming a humanoid shape devoid of any defined characteristics, slick and black. Moving down he travelled through the ships floors that bent and flowed around him until he exited the underside of the ship.

Without aid of any devices he flew down to the congregation below. As he neared them, he extended out a hand towards an empty field. An orb of crackling electric filled the space between his palm and fingers, and suddenly exploded outwards, crashing down into the ground with such force that the earth shook. After the plume faded and the dust settled, there was only a gaping hole where the field had been.

As the last of the debris fell, he gracefully landed in the centre of the mass. Cameras and eyes were fixed on him. Mouths wide open. He spoke, assuming the language he needed.

"In recent days, you have tasted utter hopelessness. You have witnessed the sheer magnitude of my power. Known that I could destroy you at any moment of my choosing, but, I have not"

He turned to each of the leaders, gauging their reactions, pausing to appraise them, seeing resolve in some, complete fear in others. They were however, acting as one. All the nations and groups represented. Good.

"I give you 5 years. 5 years to choose your strongest warriors to fight against me in hand to hand combat, without the aid of any technology. Should you lose, or break these rules,  I will end your existence"

"How in the world can we fight a creature like you? It's madness. We can never hope to match you", a large fat man said, strands of bright orange hair waving over his near bald head.

"Your physiiology has untapped potential.......Mr President. I will help you correct a major flaw, tap a previously unrealised power you all possess but hardly use . I believe some of you call this, 'Chi'. The power of life...and destruction"

He again formed a ball of light between his hands, causing the group of leaders to step back and shield their eyes from the light.

He disbanded the ball harmlessly, and floated back into the sky.

"Do not fear the explosion of power that will ripple throughout your world momentarily. It will seek out any Human and make the changes of which I spoke, it will not harm any of you"

"Train. Study. Realise your potential. Group together and hone your strength. You have 5 years, and then I will return and destroy you"

Xarkan returned to his ship as it shot down an orb of flashing red that once it hit the surface, rippled out in all directions like a huge stone hitting a pond. It flashed through the group nearest, causing no harm, no immediate affect, and continued, gaining in speed until it disappeared into the horizon.

As he returned to space, looking at the Earth become small, he felt a tiny slither of hope building inside him. They were his greatest hope, his only hope. If they could harness the power he knew they had in them, combined with his own, maybe they would stand a chance.

He turned his gaze into space, deep into the void. He knew what was coming. He only hoped that he had reached them in time. 5 years. If only he had found them sooner."Finally, I've found you" I said into the cold night.

The mistress of darkness, my greatest enemy. After all this time, all these games, here she was, right in front of me, with no escape.

I watched her closely as my cape billowed in the wind behind my back.

She had a body of a gymnast, svelte and strong. Emerald eyes shone from her masquerade style half-mask that was propped up on a small and petite nose. Sumptuous red lips slightly parted with each breath, hot vapour steaming away into the night. Her gaze dropped, unable to hold mine as her cheeks flushed red. Not the typical super-villain reaction at all. Intriguing.

She was beautiful, and for a moment all I could do was stare, intoxicated by the sight as she cowered before me.

I had known she was smart, cunning and ruthless. I had not known she was just as much a masterpiece to behold as the crimes she made her name on. The crimes that, while raising her star in the darkness, had also propelled mine back into the light. I had never been so popular, so needed. So heralded. In a dark time when I had felt worthless, it had given me a reason to live, to feel validated.

You could say I had much to thank her for.

Her face flicked up sharply, a hand half raised, lips pursed into a shape that looked as if she would speak, but failed to.

"Lost for words?" I said, stepping off the ledge of the building and floating down to be in front of her.

She smelt so amazing this close, like honey and flowers in a warm meadow.

"I've always been lost for words with you..." she finally muttered, still averting my gaze, "that's why I tried to show you my feelings, tried to make you look good"

Her eyes darted to mine and back to the floor, before returning and holding steady.

In their green depths I saw something, a spark, a kindred soul.

I had never been able to love. I had thought that it was a natural compensation for the strength, the speed, the flying. The job. Emotions could never be as strong as such things, surely? But somehow, a feeling was fluttering out from my chest and into my body, and before I knew it, I had embraced her.

"You...you understand" she blinked, while staring up at my face, her arms wrapping around my body tight.

"Now I do" I said, tilting up her chin, and kissing her soft lips.

"Then what do we do about all of this?" she asked between heavy breaths, pointing to the growing explosions in the distance that shook and rattled the buidlings around us.

"Let them burn...I don't need them anymore""But I'm not sure if it's in my budget"

The villain squirmed slightly in his seat across from me, clutching his coffee with fingers white from the tension.

"I can assure you, Mr Smith, that the investment is worthwhile. Our Super villain lair systems are the most advanced and most tailored of all"

"I know, I know. All of my friends have been raging about you...I just, I'm not sure. I mean, do I really need the full discretion package?" he asked, staring over his spectacles as he swapped the coffee to finger through the documents laid out in front of him.

"As you know, once the deal is made, and the system delivered, we sever contact completely. However, you may feel somewhat inclined, as people of your line of work sometimes do, to leave no witnesses, or loose ends. With this package, we can guarantee that not only will our workers be qualified and able, but also fully expendable. They build it, and you can dispose of them as you wish. I mean really, you wouldn't want anyone to know where your lair is, would you?"

He looked into my eyes carefully, his fidgety movements stopping for the first time in the conversation. His eyes narrowed.

"If we start that kind of thinking, Mr Jones, then I would be liable to question you, also."

Taking a sip of coffee, I waited a moment, smiled. Appearing unflinchingly confident in moments like these was key not only in the negotiation, but in survival. Even the slightest tell of nerves, the smallest admission of fear, and I would be dead.

"We operate in a way that means I will only deal with you and the design and requirements stage. I will plan your lair, and any subsequent additions you may require, but I will never know the location or any other specifics, nor will my team. Not even your real name, as you will not know mine"

He seemed pleased, resuming his movements, picking up the sheet and ticking the box marking for full discretion. A wise choice, but one fraught with the pains of conscience on my side.

Collecting the papers back together, and scrawling one last scribble of a signature on the last, he stood.

"I'm afraid I must leave Mr. Jones, duty calls. Please begin the designs. My people will be in touch with yours"

Wrapping a scarf around his neck in a fluid motion, he turned and left the cafe, a few large suits rising in time and following him out.

I waited a few minutes before allowing myself to breath in relief.

We would know where his lair was. We would bug the shit out of it, and when the day came, use it to manipulate him and his resources to our will. Him and all the other super-villains and heroes, all playing their silly little games with bases.

I couldn't help but chuckle as I decided to go for another coffee, the thrill of the negotiation subsiding and a caffeine boost direly needed in its place."And now the human shall bless this joining of souls for Azeb and Glurn, may they spend eternity in happiness" the translation echoed after a slight delay into my ear piece.

I floated forward carefully in my shining golden space suit, being sure to time the bursts of air just right so that I didn't accidentally fly into the bride's eye. At least, I thought the monstrous green blob to my right was the bride.

Placing one hand to the green blob, the other out to the blue and slimy ball of goo on the left, I brought their blobs together in a wet embrace. A rainbow of colours began to shine around the room.

"Oh I can feel it" a translated female voice.

"The human, it's so pure. I've never been this close to one. I can feel the Mother!"

Some blobs in attendance fell to the floor, others noticably shone as bright as the two that now slimed all over me while shaking in ecstasy.

The whole thing lasted about 5 minutes, and then I floated back out, opened the duct leading to my quarters, and flew in.

Arriving back to my quarters and finally being able to take off the helmet, the first thing to do was wash. The suit took the worst of it, and really none of it got on me, but man I felt dirty.

As the hot water sprayed over me I began to hum a tune idly to myself. Man, this was a good life. All it took was a few of these ceremonies a year, and I was made. I lived in luxury, had everything I needed. The boss made sure my health never faded, and that I was in tip-top condition.

And soon I'd be going to meet up with some friends in a nearby sector, our first real party in 50 years. I couldn't wait! Yes, we were going somewhere a bit off the map this time, a bit dangerous some species might say. Not for a human though.

It all happened a long time before I came along, but basically it had emerged that the most powerful alien species in the universe had thought Earth sacred. "The centre of the universe" they called it. The Mother's heart of something. We were the children of the mother, and beings of extreme 'holy power'.

Some other species had invaded, and along had come this super big-brother , annihilating them and welcoming us into the inter-galactic community firmly under their wing.

And so you had people like me, travelling out to the outskirts of the empire for gigs like these, paid a fortune and pampered in luxury.

Damn, being a human was good.As the lights above the surface chilled into a silvery blanket and the moon cast it's ghostly shadow across the lake, I remained alive.

Hours had passed, and yet without breath, without pulse, without warmth, my mind still thought, my body still answered, and my fears still grew.

How? How was I alive?

Something heavy plunged into the water above, the disturbance pushing a current swelling around me. With unnatural speed it sped downward, kicking up mud from the river bed as it landed somewhere nearby.

The clunk and scraping of metal being torn apart echoed dull in the water, before strong arms took my body and rocketed upwards, free from the anchoring weight of the stones.

We broke surface, my body expelling a torrent of water from my mouth in a never ending fountain. On my back, moving across the lake being pulled by an unknown force I went, starting wide-eyed at the moon that stayed constant in my vision.

We reached the edge, and I was flung down to the dirty and wet soil, finally breathing again, finally feeling the soothing heat of a working heart running hot in my veins.

"I'm sorry I couldn't have gotten you sooner, but it's all part of the process you know"

I looked up to see a man in a great cape, facing away, his features hidden. As the cape blew softly in the wind I couldn't help but think how beautiful his silhouette looked against the moons light , how natural.

"What?" I manged to cough out between thankful breaths.

"I know it's a bit barbaric, but we have to weed out our kind from the commoners somehow. Of course, not all make it, but we make sure the sacrifice is worth it"

He turned to face me, gentle eyes on a slim face framed by a neat white beard and short hair of the same ilk.

"Our kind?" I repeated dumbly.

"The magic kind, my dear girl" he said as a smile warmly spread across his face.

He took my hand in his and helped me to my feet.

"Now, let us go. Time is of the essence, after all"Dave led a lonely life, and had nothing more to do with his days than reminisce about times long past. It was not sad for him, he quite enjoyed reliving the fond memories that he could still remember clearly, and he'd had so many. They'd been filled with so much love, he thought as he gazed out over the beautiful lake in front of him.

His Mary had passed away the previous year, the love of his life. Sadly, they'd never been blessed with kids. He could still remember the look on her face when the doctors had told her, how he'd said he would never leave her side, how he had meant it with all his soul.

He was determined to remember the good things though, honour the life she'd had, live fully until the day they could be together again.

She would be on the other side with a lot of their friends and family, most of whom had passed over before her. It was just him, holding the fort here, keeping their memories alive.

It was in this vein of thinking that he had arranged to visit a summer camp he had been to as a child, where he had first met her, right here, on the shore of the lake.

He closed his eyes and pictured the scene when he had first laid eyes upon her, the strongest memory he had.

"Dave..." he heard a voice whispering softly.

He looked out to the lake to see Mary standing in the water, her legs submerged under the shins. Smiling brightly. He tried to move to her, but found he couldn't. My god, she was beautiful , he thought as all he could do was stare.

"You deserve more than this , my darling" she said, smiling still, her eyes dazzling in the cute way that connected to him so deeply .

"Live once more, start a family, love deeply and raise kids with a heart as pure as your own. I will always be waiting for you here, my love. Do this for me....promise me" her visage slowly faded away, leaving Dave catching his breath and reaching out for her with his hand.

Except , his hand wasn't his. It was small, smooth and flawless. His ring hung heavily from this finger, his watch crashing to the ground. His clothes came down around him until he was standing there, stuck in his big shoes, no taller than the chair he had been on.

"Hey , you over there! Get back to camp. Kids aren't allowed by the lake unsupervised!" he heard someone shout.

As tears rolled down his face, he smiled. He would do it.

"I promise you Mary" he said in a high pitched and soft voice, and turned to walk back towards the camp.