Fordregha
At first he thought it was a joke.

People had said that to him before. It was one of the common ones, everyone had the same jokes and just kept passing them around. It was a game by now. Something to keep track if the back of his mind. 

But she didn't crack a smile and ask him how'd he managed to guess. She didn't even start with the overwrought bug eyed stare they all adopted. Her face was stone, watching him with an intensity he'd only ever seen from his father when he'd had to scare off a bobcat. 

In retrospect, he should have guessed there was something off with a name like Nuriel.

Before he could laugh it off or try to explain, she had him by the throat. They were deep in the store, where the freezers were, and she carried him one handed into one of the swinging employee-only doors. Slammed him against a wall in the back where the ceramic tiles turned to dark concrete and they stopped caring whether or not anyone felt relaxed. He certainly didn't.

"I am going to ask questions. You will answer them." Nuriel's eyes told him there would be no argument. They didn't fit her face. It looked like that of a thin twenty-something. Exactly what he thought she was when he asked for help finding the Windex. Now it stared him down with all the force of a hurricane and the expectations of a queen on the battlefield. Dramatic enough to start leaking into his train of thought.

Or perhaps it was her nails against his windpipe. He nodded quickly and she relaxed, letting him suck down lungfuls of air. 

"Good." The woman kept him pinned to the wall with one hand. Staring into her eyes as they slowly shifted to goals. That she could sense lies didn't need to be said, it was obvious. Or safer to assume so. "Your name. Since you already know mine."

"Victor. Victor Malkin." 

He could see her teeth move. Wondered if they could rip out his throat like he was so sure her nails could. 

"A common name. Mortal." She spoke the last word quickly, as though it would stain her tongue. "Yet you know mine so quickly. We were not introduced, we did not converse. We have never met before this, I have never heard of you before this. And yet, you speak my true name to me without prompting. How."

"If I knew, I'd tell you," he said, trying his hardest to be earnest. Her disappointed frown suggested she believed him. "It's just a trick I can do. Since I was a kid. Just...look at a person and it's like seeing it sewn onto their shirt. It's there and I know it."

Silence followed. A long, agonizing silence where the woman searched his face for lies, nails tapping meaningfully against his throat. Suddenly, she drew in a breath.

"You...can sense names," she said, softly. A whisper even, one that he barely made out. All at once, her demeanor changed, staring at him with fascination rather than suspicion. A bit of wonder. Hope, if he was being generous to himself.

Gently, she let him back down onto his feet. He rubbed the place where her hand had been, certain it would bruise. Nuriel stepped back and began to pace. Moving across the concrete with a grace more befitting of marble. There was little he could do but watch until she was done. He didn't think much of his chances to slip past her.

It was a good while before she froze, deep in thought. Worried thought. Long enough for him to wonder why none of the staff had come into this hallway. He'd buy she was doing something. Had to be.

"I need to test this," Nuriel said softly. Then the world went a bit fuzzy. Lighter. Like stepping out into the sunlight and into cool water all at once. His throat stopped hurting. Something danced between her fingers, small and bright. Didn't do anything, it was just there. Held out in front of her.

Then her arm snapped out and grabbed something lurking in the corner. A tiny, brown, squealing thing that was all wings and sharp teeth before she got it by the back of the neck and held it up to him.

"What is this creature's name," she asked. The little beast hissed at him, malice dripping from every line of its face. Scrunched like a pug and bat-like, eyes pure black and rolling in its sockets. Its arms were fused to the wings, little claws on the end tugging uselessly at Nuriel's arm, unable to even mark the fabric. A long, whip-tail covered in barbs almost caught him in the chest, the little thing screaming in impotence.

And yet, even buried so far behind a shrieking animal, he could see it.

"Razeth," he muttered, glancing at the woman. She smiled, a wide cruel thing as the creature stilled. Stared at him transfixed, as if he had just burst into a sweet lullaby.

It was all he could do not to scream curses when she let the thing go, but it merely drifted to the floor. Wobbled over and curled up at his feet. A strange, clicking noise came from its throat. Like a cat. From hell. As if cats needed to be any more demonic.

Oh.

"That's..."

"A demon, yes." Nuriel muttered, turning and staring at the door. The light disappeared and he could see a bit of something drifting around her legs. He didn't need to guess what. "Drawn here by a mote of creation, sent to investigate why it would appear. Tamed now..."

Oh. OH!

He'd heard of that. Seen it in videogames, books, an anime here and there. A series about a serpent with wings and a sad English boy. The power of true names. He'd never thought it was real. Never thought demons were real either. And if they were, then...

"You're an angel?"

The woman turned. She didn't change. Not one part of her changed. But suddenly, a mid-twenties girl in a dark hoodie seemed like the most powerful thing he had ever seen.

"I am Nuriel of the Hailstorm, Fire of the Lord. You, Victor Malkin, are welcomed to the eternal conflict."The door to the apartment building was sticky and Victor almost slammed into it trying to get it open. He barely noticed. Focusing on little things like possible bodily harm was near impossible next to the roar of the angel's voice in his ears.

His sneakers squeaked across the linoleum of the hallway, but he only heard hard soled shoes against concrete. Fluorescent lights buzzed overhead, but he recalled warm sunlight shining through fingertips. He felt claws at his ankle...

No, that was Razeth. Shadowing him since he'd left the grocery store.

Nuriel hadn't stayed long after her dramatic proclamation. Muttered something about finding him again and then ran off. Whatever spell she'd cast over him lasted just long enough for him to leave the employee's only area. Not seconds later was a woman in a red shirt asking him if he was alright. He must have looked like a ghost. All he could think to do was finish shopping off the crumpled list in his pocket and stumble home, bags in hand.

Victor rubbed at his neck which didn't hurt but should and wonder if it'd been a vivid hallucination. But before he could follow that blissful thought, the bloated bat-thing at his feet nipped at his ankles again. He hissed and ran up the stairs, trying to get away, but the little bastard just took to the air and chased after him. Silent.

He almost ran face-first into Sharon, carton of laundry in her hands.

"I admire you trying to get more active, but if you don't slow down you'll hurt someone!" Sharon glared at him, in that way only people at the tail-end of their forties could. Slid to the side of the hallway so they could get past each other. "What's the matter with you?"

"Just have a lot on my mind," he said, flashing what he knew was a lame smile. The clawing at his leg all but confirmed-shit, demon, demon at his legs, WHAT THE HELL COULD HE SAY ABOUT-

"Oh, what a cute cat!" Sharon burst out, setting her basket down and reaching out to pet the black cat that had appeared at Victor's legs. Fluffy and cute and staring at the approaching hand with something akin to boredom. There was no way it couldn't be exactly what he thought it was. 

Which confirmed a whole host of suspicions.

"Is he yours?" Sharon asked before she devolved into making cooing noises at the fluffy beast. Who actually seemed to be enjoying it once she scratched behind his ear.

"I...don't know. He just started following me." Which was the truth, more or less. Nuriel hadn't bothered explaining that. Hadn't really explaining anything. Had just dropped an entire mountain of potential baggage on his head and ran off into the night. "I...saw him at the grocery store and bought an extra can of tuna to leave out. Guess he figured out who put it there."

"That's adorable," she said, still entirely too cuddly with the LITERAL DEMON who had rolled over to expose his belly. "Well if you won't take him, I suppose I might...assuming we can get him all his shots."

"We'll see, I guess. I really should get these put away." He slipped passed Sharon, desperate to escape the conversation before he implicated anything. Razeth hopped up to pad along after his heels. "Thank you though. For the out."

"Just let me know if you need any help," she called, completely sincere. "Pets can be a handful."

"You have no idea," he muttered, and stepped into his apartment. Closed and locked the door. The demon just flattened itself and crawled straight under the gap.

From the lack of screaming, Sharon didn't notice.

Razeth, suddenly back to a bat, flew to the highest shelf on the wall. Nestled himself amid old copies of sci-fi novels and a stack of games that hadn't been played since he'd owned a PS3. He seemed...happy there. For a little furry monster with far too many teeth. He got a look at them when the imp yawned, a mouth full of steak-knives if he'd ever seen one.

And he never wanted to see one again.

"Right. Just...make yourself at home." He almost threw the groceries aside like an old schoolbag, but remembered the more fragile things. Suddenly having proof that higher powers both existed and were active wasn't an excuse to completely throw aside the routine. Plus it gave him time to think. Time to invent whole new strings of curses.

What the hell was he going to do.

"Ha. Hell." He gave a glance to the now sleeping demon, a strange clicking noise standing in for snoring. Razeth. Not a name he could recall from the bits of religion he knew. Though he doubted anyone would make a record of some random imp. And he didn't recognize Nuriel either...

"Fire of the Lord," he muttered, eyes drifting over to his laptop. Sitting on his desk, untouched. Like everything didn't get turned upside down. "I suppose I should know just what I'm getting into."

He opened a browser and typed in her name.

----

[So, I don't know how far I'll go with this, but might as well see what I can do. Probably try an update every day or two. Thank you all so much for the responses!]"Why the hell did I think the internet would make things clearer." Victor rubbed his temples and stared at his computer screen. Yet another article on Nuriel One that had an entirely different mix of the same facts jumbled together. Whether she was supposed to be the 'Fire of the Lord' or the 'Light of the Lord' (though he had a pretty good idea which she preferred). Standing somewhere between five and three-thousand kilometers tall. Related to the angel Suriel, except when she was related to Uriel, except when she was also the metamorphosis of Uriel in some sort of Mercy/Judgement thing. An angel with dominion over light and fire and whether phenomena which is probably where the hailstorms came from. Consistencies? Male, an eagle, and commandment of 500,000 lesser angels formed of water and fire.

None of which gelled with the twenty-something skinny chick who shopped at Redner's.

"You think she's just some kind of sorceress with a god complex who was pulling my leg?" He asked Razeth. The imp was still asleep on a pile of old videogames. But the fact that he was some kind of demon did suggest angels were a real possibility.

And...well, his little quirk had never been wrong before.

"Why couldn't it have been one of the common ones. David or Michael or Uriel, Nuriel is close to Uriel. She isn't even in In Nomine! Or at least, not in the starting book..." He signed, leaning into the desk. Tapped his finger on the keyboard. "Maybe it has expansions..."

There was a knock at the door. Three, rapid, solid. Razeth put his head up, fluffy ears swiveling and all of his teeth bared at the door.

"Calm down, it's probably just Sharon with cat food or something. Might be nice to have...assuming you eat food and not souls." Ignoring how quickly he was adjusting to the demons presence, he stood up from his chair. Worked the growing crick in his back. The knocks came again, making the demon hiss, and he opened the door.

She was there. Different hoodie, hair tied back into a pony tail. Staring at him with a staggering amount of disappointment. Leaned to the left to get a look at the hissing, writhing abomination on his shelf as he stared slack jawed. Part of him had sincerely hoped she'd never come back. The rest had too many questions to ask.

"You kept the demon," she said, her lips twisting into a sneer. Eyes (brown, he noticed, utterly unremarkable) looked him up and down before nodding. "Yeah, you look the type."

Victor closed his jaw with a click.

"There's a type for that?"

"It's a mixture of scruffy and oblivious. Now come on." She turned and stalked back towards the stairwell. Stalk was a good word, all of the grace was gone. Now it was the stiff movements of a retail worker twenty minutes before closing with far too many people browsing the shelves. "I wanna get through this quick before we have another 'incident'. Bring the imp."

Razeth squeaked in rage and flew up to Victor's shoulder. Kneading his claws in a way that left holes in his jacket, but not his skin. He barely noticed.

"She seems different," he muttered and rushed to follow.

Nuriel was halfway down the stairs when he reached them and already approaching a car when he made it outside. He hadn't thought she'd have a car. But why wouldn't she? How else would she get to the grocery store? 

A bus, but that seemed just as ridiculous.

"You have a Prius," he asked, approaching the car as she started it. The thing was silver and didn't look new, but it was still a Prius and the woman who had called herself an angel was sitting in the driver's seat. Razeth seemed to regard the car the same way he regarded the angel. Disgust tinted with malice.

"Yes," she said, looking at him like he was an idiot. "Used to be my mom's."

He must have been staring for a while because her frown deepened.

"We are not doing this." Victor glared at her through the windshield. "You are..." He paused, letting the words trail off. Took a long glance around the deserted parking lot and thought better of it. Climbed into the passengers seat and waited until she rolled up the window. Razeth clicked his teeth, still attached to his shoulder. "You're a damn angel!"

"A damned angel is a devil and if I was one, you wouldn't have left the Redner's." Nuriel smoothly pulled the car out of its space and headed for the road.

"You're going to be a smartass, is that it?" Victor saw her lips purse, swore Razeth snickered. It wasn't that smart to antagonize the possibly divine being whose car he was now stuck in, but god if spite didn't feel good sometimes. "It's only been a few hours and I'm already confused. I have questions."

"No," she said. Simple. Flat. Final.

"No?" He felt he understood the imp a bit better. "Just no? You've left a lot of hooks here and I'm supposed to ignore them?!"

"For now. No questions." She tried to inject a bit of authority in her voice, but it was lacking. There was nothing of the power she displayed back in the store. The absolute surety that he would do whatever she said. So something was wrong and she didn't want to tell him.

Thus was he confused AND pissed off.

"No. Questions now. So many questions I might as well be on Whither!" Razeth squawked his agreement, the barbed tail lashing uncomfortably close. The little guy knew what he wanted. "I don't even know where we're going but I climbed into your car! I suppose that's a sign of trust that seems wasted so far. Nuriel-"

Suddenly the car swerved. Drifted very close to the yellow lines. Night was coming on and few people were on the road, but it still jarred him. Seemed to jar the angel too, her breathing suddenly hot and harsh as she guided the vehicle back to its proper place. 

Victor realized he'd been holding his breath.

"Don't call me that. Ever. Unless you *really* have to." Her face was white. Her knuckles shook against the steering wheel. He could see a bit of...something in her eyes. From before. "I...am not the one who does these things. Explains things. We have people for that, people who train for this. You...in the store...it was blindsiding. Things happened that shouldn't have." She looked towards him and there was, perhaps, a bit of sorrow in it. Or apology. "This is unusual...probably terrifying. But there are people for it. That's where we're going."

Silence filled the car. A strained sort of silence where he could only hear the tires against the road and the subtle grind of her teeth. She reminded him of someone in line for surgery.

If he didn't have a demon on his shoulder, he could almost forget.

"Alright. Alright, fine, I can wait a bit longer." Victor leaned back in his chair, jostling the imp (who looked decidedly unhappy about the peaceful proceedings) and ran his hands through his hair. "It's...never been wrong before so not calling you...*that* might be hard. Is there something else I can use? A nickname?"

The woman nodded, taking a deep breath. The next words were spoken with forced conviction, as if she had to convince herself.

"My name is Alissa."**The Stooge (Part One)**

----

"GDP suffered a small downturn today after a raid on the Pavelex Corporate Branch Netscape by an unknown group. Wide-scale breaches and data-corruption have been detected and at least two Monitors have reported themselves as compromised. The motives and purpose of the attack are not yet know, but local law enforcement and Pavelex's Internal Security Board have convened to discuss the matter. The company issued its public statement just moments ago."

"This attack is unprovoked and malicious in its intent. While we could understand an assault on our private servers, we have never denied that we have made enemies, the damage to basic network infrastructure is inexcusable. This will not only hurt the economy of our fair planet, but the lives our employees, our customers, and our citizens. Know that you have crossed the line from criminal to terrorist. And when you are found, you will swiftly meet the long arm of the law as it squeezes your throat."

"While effects on the macro-scale are still being calculated, the average citizen can expect increased delays in net response and lowered bandwith. NetSec has also released an advisory on the loss of personal information-"

Simon shut off the feed before the talking heads could get too far into their roll. Details wouldn't matter to anyone outside the corp or the conspiracy boards. A few weeks of slow service and angry execs yelling at the cops to bust heads. Keep your head down on the street and plan for a good show in two weeks when they found their scapegoat.

"Feel sorry for the bastard they grab. Suit looked mad enough to bring out a goddamn guillotine." He rolled his chair away from the table, covered in BoostBar wrappers and cereal bowls, to the other table, covered in loose wiring and batteries. And a small mechanical kitten. Kept freezing up, from bad joints AND a faulty board. Had to have it done in two days, he promised Naima.

So of course, his goggles flashed with an incoming call just as he picked up his multi-tool. Unknown number, but local. Probably a customer.

Hey, if payed well enough he could give the thing a new paintjob. Make a little girl smile.

"Simon Says Work. It breaks, I fix. How big a thing are we talking about?" he asked as he set to work removing the legs.

*"What. The fuck."*

Simon stopped working.

"Excuse me?"

*"Shut up and listen,"* the woman started. Her voice would have been smooth, maybe sultry, if she didn't sound angry enough to have spent the whole day huffing combat stims. But they were real words which suggested sobriety which was damn impressive. *"Only two people would be in this kind of shit. A jackass or a stooge. Which are you?"*

"Uhhhh-"

*"Stooge, good, I can work with that."* The voice paused and there was a pop. Pill bottle uncapping. Bad sign. Very bad. Bad enough to fish out the key chameleon taped to the bottom of his desk. *"So, you see the news? How someone decided today was a good day to stick their dick in a wasp nest?"*

"What's a wasp?"

*"Bad thing. Worse is that they used yours."*

Simon really didn't want to follow that analogy further and rushed over to his apartment's two cabinets. He tore the bottom one open, throwing spare tools and old concert flyers aside until he could see the keyhole hidden in the bottom.

*"So, and take a moment to think real hard on this cause it's important, there been any suspicious activity on your account lately?"* The last words were done in an accent that managed to sound both perky and monotone. Like a telemarketer. At least she was having fun.

"Nothing besides the usual. What did you mean? They used mine?" The lock clicked and he pulled the false bottom out of the cabinet, then followed it up by hauling up the duffel bag. His downstairs neighbors were the nice kind of never questioned the unusual sound of someone drilling into their air-duct.

*"Focus Mr. Fixit. It's important."*

"I guess..." Remembering something so small was asking a lot. Hundreds of hits of 'suspicious activity' rolled by every day, he had that kind of service. Picking one out from the others...although... "A fake job. Too good to be true, too specific wording, lots of attention to the money. Usually ignore them, but this one, same one every time, kept popping up every two hours. Kept it up for three days until I just got sick of deleting it."

*"So you let it in?!"*

"It was just a spambot! They only ever want personal information and that webpage is just an ad with my phone number! I WANT to get that out there, what was the harm?" He pulled a heavy black bandanna out of a pocket and tied it over his mouth. Lined to keep out imaging software. A jacket with the same treatment with a hood to hide his hair. A mental toggle set his work goggles to opaque. Face hidden, his strapped the bag onto his back.

*"Oh you poor little...you have a bugout bag, so I guess there's hope for you."* He could here the laughter in her voice. Practically see her muttering 'amateur' under her breath. But it was a start, if he wanted the voice's approval.

Simon reached for the door, only to watch the green lights switched to red. He hadn't locked it.

*"Bad idea,"* she said, all but confirming she was hacking him. Then she confirmed it by switching all the lights off and rolling up the blinds on his window.

The piercing pink light of the ad on the building across from him turned the room into a headache. A giant woman, almost terrifying in attractiveness, stared at him with eyes that glowed. Scrawl promising a hundred more features than his dinky goggles. In far higher definition. All he had to do was pay to let them scoop out his real eyes.

"I'm getting the sense I need to leave. Should I just stay here?" He set his goggles to filter the ad, showing the dull gray of another monolithic hab block. Definitly worth the five script a month.

*"Course not. But the Drags are edging close to your floor. Figured you'd want to avoid them."*

The room seemed to freeze at the name. Dragon Vultures. Pavelex's own personal shitkickers. Armies worth of technically-not-military grade cyborgs. Best on the planet, if you bought the hype.

They could be bottom rung gang-bangers and he'd still be a dead man.

"Shit," he muttered, all but biting through his cheek to keep from hyperventilating. "Shit shit shit."

*"Whoever sent that spam wasn't after your phone number, they wanted to put a relay through the server of your building. There are thousands of connections inside, it'll take them time to sort through it all."* The voice grew louder and louder in his audio implant. Had to over the sudden rush of wind and skycars as she opened the windows. The wrappers and wires were whipped up into a small storm of random trash. Some part of him noted with annoyance that he wouldn't be able to clean it up. The rest of him was screaming. *"But they left a big, fat tell sitting right in your webpage's source code. Obviously fake, even you'd be able to tell. But the average citizen won't after a sham trial and a two week media blitz soooo...guess you're gonna learn how to bleat."*

He swallowed, but it just made him realize how dry his mouth was. He thought he heard a thump somewhere. In the hall. Was that the Drags? Were they heading towards his door?

Naima was never getting her kitten back.

"Why is my window open?"

*"Only way out of here."*

Simon's hands shook as he gripped the frame. Peered out into a three hundred story drop filled by hundreds of skycars.

*"Normally we wouldn't give a damn about this, but they attacked a node. Directly or indirectly, they attacked US. And if you think the corps are vindictive, you're comparing a koifish to a kraken."* Without really thinking about it, he pulled his legs up over the lip. Stood in the window. An automatic alert told him to step back inside, that a trained negotiator was on the way. *"You're nothing. But you got fucked just like we did. We can use that, I like new talent. Or I just want you to kill yourself to deny Pavelex a show. You're going to have to trust its the first one. Call it a leap of faith. Trust review."*

Something slammed into his door. A spike of metal. Crowbar.

*"When I tell you."*

The door opened. Shouting. Demands he step down and get on the floor.

Well, better than a guillotine.

*"Jump."*

Gunshots sounded behind him as he stepped off the edge.For a moment, Simon wondered why the windows opened at all when there was nothing outside.

The next moment was spent in realization that he'd just jumped out the goddamn window.

The third had him decide to scream the whole way down.

Above him, the Drag yelled at him in a voice synthesized down to a canned growl. Something about being a coward, he could only catch a couple words before the wind drowned it out. His goggles whirred as they sealed airtight, keeping his eyes nice and safe, before informing him that he was in freefall, that he should try to tuck and roll on landing to minimize damage, and helpfully providing his descent speed, distance to the ground, and estimated time to impact.

The peak of convenience seemed to be knowing exactly when you were going to bite it.

*"Shit, you did it?! Really quick too, I was expecting you to get shot first!"* The voice in his ear was still there, imposed above the roar of skycars and their horns as their automatic drivers swerved to avoid the incoming jumper. His building contacted him with apologies that emergency response didn't arrive in time. There was an overview of his assets and lack of next of kin mixed with a tastefully morbid flyer that suggested he will what little he had to a local children's' shelter. He clicked yes, why not.

*"Okay, okay okay, I'd accounted for about five to ten seconds of waffling before you jumped. You might want to see a therapist. Bit of a long fall. Eh, you'll be fine. Pickup's on your left."*

Simon didn't even hear whatever obscenity he'd picked, too busy flinching every time he passed through a skyway. He twisted left, a mechanical claw reaching out to stop the spin before it started.

*Hello!~* chirped across his goggles as he was tugged into an embrace of servos and bio-mimic tendrils. Painted neon purple with a wide rounded top and a dozen of the dangling servos surrounding a cage. Cargo drone, he noted. The parts that weren't squealing in abject terror. *Kai-Kuyon Cargo Services is pleased to welcome you aboard Model Number 11142379-L Unit 878. Please try to compact yourself as much as is biologically possible to ensure ease of transport.*

He felt his ribs jostle as the drone shoved him into the cage. Cardboard corners and rounded composites pressed against his back, trying to press him back out of the cage towards the approaching ground. Then the wire mesh closed right before they succeeded. It did nothing to stop the boxes crashing against him as the drone pulled out of its dive hard enough to make him see red.

*Do note that this model does not usually handle living organic cargo, but you have been granted special exemption by File_not_Found!* Through the haze and the sudden, overpowering stink of repulsor fluid, Simon watched the drone settle into one of its own lanes. One moving much, much faster than any skycar he'd been in. *That this has happened at all likely signals that this drone has been compromised. Whether you are being kidnapped, are running from the law, or just after your next adrenaline high, Kai-Kuyon asks that you use any computing skills you have to return this model to company control. With compliance, we promise a safe landing and to not add additional charges to whatever laws you may have broken.*

*"Yeah, KK's got shit security. Guess it's cheaper to just put up the admonishment."* The voice had calmed down considerably. Lost some of the edge. More amused, more smug. Not friendly. And not in any way pleasant. *"You're going to be dropped off in a bad place. And Pavalexi is already putting together a bounty for you, since you didn't go splat like they expected. It's a bitch and a half to keep your locators dulled...I'll expect compensation later."*

He wanted to say something wry. Maybe complain about the rough handling or how she couldn't get him a real car. But all he could manage was a slow groan as he settled back among the packages. Some of them had been squashed and ripped, filling the cage with the smell of preserved meat and formaldehyde. Distantly, on the edges of vision and consciousness, he could see smoke. The ever-present cloud of the industrial district. Absolutely no surprise he was heading for the city's own personal hell.

*"Someone will pick you up, don't know when or where. Big city and you need to keep moving. Like I'm about to. This connection's been opened far too long...I should really set up a charge per minute."*

Simon coughed. Struggled to form words around his aching ribs. Ask what he should do, where he should go, why it had to be his goddamn console. Just to say anything to keep her there while his mind caught up with the narrative. Nothing came through.

*"Good luck and try not to breath it in."*

The call dropped and he was alone in the sky.

----

[Wasn't really expecting this response so this is more to show I'm interested in continuing it than anything. Went to bed right after setting up this sub-reddit and now I have people actually looking at it. Will probably post a Part Three either tomorrow or Thursday if people want it, I need time to work out an actual plot beyond the opening. Happy to have you here!]Natalia was reviewing orbital charts when Reo slammed into her door. It damn near scared her out of her chair.

"You'll break something important doing that! Not just your face!" She flew out of her chair to help him up, pieces of a lecture forming in her mind before he waved her off and jumped up with the largest grin she'd ever seen.

"Centauri made planetfall!"

Any other plans were thrown out the window as she dashed after him towards the command center, giggling like schoolchildren. She felt no embarrassment, all throughout their base others were doing the same. They had been waiting for this for far longer than the actual mission. Longer than she'd been part of the International Interstellar Mission (Inter-Stellar as it was immediately dubbed).

They'd been waiting for this since boots first touched down on Pluto. 

"Wilkins is coming down the ladder now. We have set foot on Proxima Centauri b," Director Akintola announced to the applause of all present. They joined the cheer as they piled through the door, staring at the text scroll someone had helpfully put up on the far wall. Camera readouts of gray rock and a sky just slightly unfamiliar. Two suns hovering in the void.

And three figures in blue space-suits shuffling carefully down from the lander onto a planet beyond the pull of Sol.

All only moments ago. QE-comms were beautiful things.

"I can't believe they didn't get us for the descent," Reo was saying, leaning on a railing far in the back. The only spaces they could find amid the press of people wanting to see what Niraya, one of the two short-straws sitting in the orbiter high above, would type next. More latecomers were arriving.

"They needed the place calm. Everyone's still days out of cryo over there." She chewed her lip as she watched what would soon become the most famous people on the planet walk like frightened toddlers. Someone else would come up with suitable language, she just wished she was /there/.

The room fell to a sudden silence as more text began appearing, everyone hanging on the director's words.

"Wilkins just jumped into low orbit, please advise."

The silence slowly changed. The elation shifting to confusion, then shock as the video caught up. Wilkins, caught up in the moment, dashing forward and suddenly flying out of frame.

The director spoke for all of them in that moment.

"What."

---

Mathues had been prepared for anything.

Not literally, of course. Everything Inter-Stellar could think of. The dangers of space, of cryosickness, of the thousands of invisible deaths that wandered through the void regularly. Mechanical failures, human failures, poor luck. They'd crammed as much preparation as was feasible  into their training. And still they stressed the thousands of ways their predictions could fail them. He thought he had a grasp of things. That he could handle the unknown.

Then one of his two companions was fired out of an invisible catapult.

"Leonard's flying," he said, dimly aware of his own words as he looked at Saanvi. He could not see her face behind the face plate, but he knew her jaw was agape. Her eyes bugged. His were and he refused to think he was handling this better than him.

"Yes," she said. Slow and drawing the s outward, head tilting to follow Leonard's path. "We should do something."

It took another moment before he figured out what that might entail. Then he took off in a run.

Or tried to. He barely made two steps before everything turned into a spin. It was so sudden he forgot how he did it, but something had him skipping across the ground like a stone over water. Briefly, he worried about his suit breaking, but the part of him detached from it all remembered how the funding for their trip had briefly turned into a measuring contest between Earth and Mars. Things were designed like tanks. Leonard's would probably survive the fall, even if the impact might still kill him. 

The rest of his mind was screaming.

Something large and solid stopped his skid and sent a ringing in his helmet. The faceplate was intact, the internals were not screaming at him about breaches. It was angry that he'd crashed it into a large boulder (so much as a simple HUD could feel rage), but he was otherwise fine.

"Mat!" shouted Saanvi. He looked over his shoulder, amazingly not dislocated, to see her stepping towards him like she was on ice. Arms straight out like a child unsure if she would fall. "I think something's wrong!"

"Yes. I think so too." He pushed off the rock to stand. Screamed when the rock gave in before he did.

When he'd been a child, there had been a bolder behind his parents house. Good for climbing, sitting on, drawing. A godsend for the children, but hell for his parents. Three strong men together couldn't do much more than make it rock in its place. And few wanted to help with such a thankless task. They'd resorted to breaking it down with pickaxes and carrying off the chunks rather than paying an 'extravagant' price for professionals. It may have just been the bias of memory, but this stone looked about the same size.

And there it went. Rolling across the flat plains of Centauri b. After a light shove.

Matheus stared down at his hands, very aware Saanvi was doing the same. 

"This planet...it was smaller than Earth, right?" he asked. Saanvi shook her head.

"No. A bit bigger actually."

Leonard's screams over their comms, a constant since his...departure, abruptly turned into a curse. Then a rattle as a light plume of dust appeared on the horizon.

There was a long moment of quiet.

"I think I'm going to go tell Niraya to call Aquarius and tell them there's a problem," Saanvi said.

"Yeah," he swallowed, suddenly finding his throat dry. "I think we'd better."The guards, he decided, were quite dedicated to their jobs. They had not moved in thirty minutes. Not one twitch. He would think they were statues if he hadn't watched the panicked rush to get into position.

And you didn't give statues crossbows.

Finally, the door to the guild hall opened. Sturdy oak, one-hundred and three years old, cut from the Almari forest and shipped overland. Purchased at a discount. It was a rather interesting scry, for architecture, and he had been about to start on the stones that made up the buildings themselves. He could tell at a glance it was good material and firm construction. They could withstand a siege all their own. It would take a dozen ghouls just to-

"L-Lord Naidos," said a timid voice for what seemed like the third time. At least.

"Ah. Apologies! Lost my head for a second there." He threw back his head and laughed. By the time he stopped the woman seemed as frozen as the guards. Her glasses had even slipped down her nose. He waved his hand and put them back in place. Just a bit of telekinesis, a cantrip really. "How may I help you?"

"Well," she said, after a long time and drawing the word out longer. "We have been reviewing your...documents. Our...apologies for the delay. Deciphering the dialect took...quite a while."

He nodded. It should have been expected that the local dialect would have changed after five hundred years or so. 

"And...it seems...you are in fact a citizen of Lyrica." Her lips twitched upwards in a decent attempt at a smile. He would have smiled back, but he'd lost his lips quite early after the conversion. It was a bit of a shame really, they'd called him handsome. "I...examined the rules and it doesn't say...dead citizens aren't citizens...and...your application was filled out correctly..."

"Oh, excellent! I'm not used to paperwork, you know, I had a ghast for that. Swiggin, I think his name was. Lovely fellow, didn't say much, what with no tongue." He reached up to tap his chin. It was such a pleasing sound, bone on bone. Always helping him think. "I suppose I didn't need the demonstration."

"Yes. I suppose I should welcome you-demonstration?" she asked, smile suddenly cracking. It outright fell as he brought two fingers to his teeth and whistled.

One of the guards was half way through questioning just HOW he could whistle before the screaming started.

"Manferd! Get down here!" He pointed forcefully at the manticore (stern looks just didn't seem to do it anymore) until it landed. The thing yawned until the slit in its throat was on full display. If the glow in its eyes didn't give it away. "I came across this lovely beast terrorizing merchants a few days down the road. I'd gotten awful tired of floating after a while, just because I have no legs doesn't mean my knees don't get sore you understand, and figured I could kill two knights with one stone!" He turned back to the woman, frozen in a pure display of emotion. She'd even dropped her clipboard which he floated back to her hand. "So I have been accepted?"

It took a while, but she managed to nod, gaze still fixed to Manferd.

"Excellent! What is my first assignment?"

"I-I-I suppose...that..." Her eyes darted down to the clipboard. "There...is a goblin den...a few miles to the south...they've refused to speak so the assumption is they're a rogue clan who-"

"Wonderful! They won't be a problem much longer. They might even be a boon. The town's gate looked a bit shoddy and could probably use a few extra hands to mend it." He floated up onto Manferd's back, settling his old bones against the rapidly graying fur. It was a simple thing to stretch life-sense over 'a few miles'. At least, it was now. Ah, to be in the old days where magic seemed so wondrous...

Perhaps it was cheating. It hadn't taken long to find them and it likely wouldn't take long to deal with them. No, he'd have to think on this. Set up rules. Wouldn't want things to be *too* easy.

"They seem a bit close so we'll just hold any orientation off until I return!" With a mental lashing, Manfred took to the air, right over the screaming townspeople. Six miles south and they'd be there. And blue skies the whole way. "Thank you! I promise you won't regret this!"

It was good to be out of the tower."This is the place," Gavin said, parking the car a good half-block down the street. No mistaking which building he meant. Apartment building, complete wreck. Scorch marks at the windows, soot around the entry-way, graffiti that sprawled geometrics along every wall. The whole place reeked of mages. She could already smell the sulfur. "Some Powderboys are in there. Have been for the last few months, ever since the Sanct started cleaning house uptown."

"Perfect." She slipped out of the care, forcing her hands not to shake when they gripped the handle. Powderboys. She remembered that name. Muttered on newsreels and a police office. "Thanks for the lift."

"Yeah. Hard not to feel like I'm driving a hearse." Gavin eyed her, sucking in air through his teeth. She paused at the door. Waited for him to speak his piece. "You sure you want to do this? Took the government to drive them out of their last haunt. They don't play around."

"I know," she said, biting down on the bitterness. Before she gave too much away. "It's why I'm here."

Gavin was a smart enough man to spot a lost cause. They exchanged goodbyes, empty wishes of luck. By the time he pulled back into traffic she was halfway to the house. Hood up, hands in pockets, hoping she looked like just another face in the crowd. Hoping most of the rumors around second-sight were just that.

The two aspirants at the door didn't look twice at her. And she didn't need to look twice to tell what they were. Long, colorful clothes and weird charms. Trying to hard. Too busy laughing and yelling insults at each other to notice when she slipped into the alley around the building and pulled out her phone.

"Alright...alright, just like the lesson." She loaded up the matrix. Six numbers, always the same six for her. The screen glowed, cool electric blue that looked to expand until it was all she could see. She blinked once. 

The world was thin and mist curled off the edges, the sky whipping by like a storm. The people walked the street unaware of the glow tracing their limbs. Or maybe some of them were. No one looked different. Not even the people inside the building. And she knew what they were.

So she swapped her phone for a gun.

There were three of them right inside. Just beyond the brick and mortal. Could almost reach out and touch them if it wasn't in the way. She forced her fingers still as they gripped the pistol, smooth and warm from sitting in her jacket pocket. Ran her smallest along the strip embedded in the grip. Three times left, two right. Then left, right, right, left. Felt the sting against her chest as magic jumped to the bullets. Took a deep breath.

One of the Powderboys pointed at her through the wall. Shouted something. So they *could* feel it.

She took aim at their silhouettes through the wall, three to a body, one after another like shooting targets. The gun was silent, a thin film of void skimming the barrel and eating the sound. The bullets pasted through stone and mortar like it wasn't even there. Watched as their bodies jerked and stumbled back, the brief flash of glowing blood before they began to steadily dim.

Three down. Three more in this building.

The side door barely resisted her boot, rusty and worn as it was. The two aspirants from outside rushed in just as she did, hearing her entry and coming sprinting down the hall. She sent the last three bullets at them through the walls of an abandoned apartment, trying to drown out how terrified they sounded as death came from nowhere. They deserved it. 

She'd decided that years ago.

One fell, the other stumbled back as she reloaded. No time for spells, she ducked her head out, aiming for him. Both bullets drowned in the roar of a shotgun she hadn't noticed, electricity arching blue and bright between the pellets. They struck, but so did he. Pellets tight and off center, lancing like hot fire through her side and sending the tingling numbness through her body.

She came back propped up against the wall. Limbs aching. Teeth feeling like they'd been set on fire. Head ringing. The Powderboy, he was dead. Had to be, or she'd be the one on the floor bleeding. Instead of standing up bleeding. It took effort to unclench her jaw. To stand up fully. To remind herself that she couldn't stop right when she'd started. Not when there was one left, simpering in his room above her.

She took a step forward and grabbed the shotgun.

The last one paniced upstairs. So few people here, he had to be someone lower level. Someone without much skill at all. Especially commanding people she could surprise so easily. The shotgun had a round left. She knew no charms for it, it'd have to do on its own. She stopped up the stairs, keeping her eyes on his silhouette. Watching it pace back and forth. Almost like he was in a call...

She felt it in her soul when the pipe spirit burst out of the ceiling. Water and copper tubing twisted together in the mockery of a man. Weak and hissing like a steam whistle. Lunging at her with claws made of ice and wire. The shotgun fired once, complimenting her scream, as the gun bucked far off course. Shaved some metal off its leg. Not enough to stop it.

Cold dug into her shoulders hard enough to breech skin even as the creature covered her mouth with its throat. Rushing water, frothing and burning and trying to dig its way into her lungs. 

She smashed the shotgun against its head, throwing water about. Hooked it lower, straight into the pipe making its spine. Heard it scream, felt it tighten on her body. Sent her eyes white as she hit it again and again. Heard, rather than saw it dent as the water overtook her eyes and flooded down her throat. One hit. Two. Three...

It didn't die, so much as collapse. Covering her with old rust and cold water and leaving her a coughing, hacking mess on the floor. The ceiling dripped down onto her head. Like a last taunt from the spirit. Her sight had faded by the time she crawled to her feet. Everything hurt. She could do little but cough. And yet....

One left. Just one.

She kicked the door open, ignoring how it made her knee pop and opened fire. Wild and half blind and still gasping for breath. It was a miracle she tagged him before he could shoot. Got him in the leg and the arm and sent him sprawling on the floor screaming. Crying. Writhing like some kicked dog. 

"Who the fuck are you?!" was the only thing that came out coherent. The only thing she paid attention to, advancing on him, close enough to stick the barrel to his temple. Let her kneel down to do it, keep the weight off her side. Let her maybe keep conscious for another moment. Long enough to speak.

"Ligaya Cavara," she hisseed, drawing the word out as she dug the gun into his forehead. He blinked up at her, bleary with pain and incomprehension. "Right. I guess you wouldn't know."

No more spells. Just lead.Simon awoke. He didn't remember going to sleep, but somewhere between his adrenaline crashing, the shock wearing off, and the possible fractures in his ribs, it caught up to him. It all came with a hangover that seemed to actually hate him. Enough misery condensed into a single migraine to make him wish the damn drone had just dropped him in his sleep.

And now the damn thing wouldn't shut up!

*Alter. This line has been flagged for inspection by Pavelex local security forces. As it is highly likely you are somehow involved, we advise you to calmly turn yourself in while reafirming that you are not in any way affiliated with Kai-Kuyon. This will minimize the chance of damage to this drone and your own person.*

Oh.

OH.

Shit.

Simon crawled over boxes, ignoring the rather concerning smell coming from some of them, to peer between the bars of his cage. The drones hadn't slowed down for the inspection, they didn't need to. The VTOL flying down the line was only doing so for convenience. A sleek, black thing with the Drags bird painted across the nose in gold. Huge, armored, obvious guns hanging everywhere. The kind of craft they deployed when they wanted something to die and everyone to know who killed it. It was a weird sort of pride knowing it was just for him.

A small, small bit of pride. Under all the fear.

No chance in hell it would miss him. Kind of sensor suite Drags could afford, it was a miracle they hadn't caught him already. Especially with the drone constantly jabbering about 'unauthorized organic cargo'. And once they saw him...well, if he was lucky enough, they'd just blow the drone away and be done with it. At least Kai-Kuyon would be annoyed.

"Hey, if by chance you're listening, I could use some options." Simon didn't expect an answer, but it was good to say something. Even if the new rasp in his voice was worrying and he suddenly realized how thirsty he was. His fingers clung to the cage, trying to...see the craft from a better angle? Pull himself out of the boxes? Just do something with his hands before he tore his hair out? All pointless options. Less than a minute before the scan and he had a splitting headache, no plan, not even the elements of a plan, and the drone screaming about cargo displacement. He was the cargo! He'd displace himself however...

The drone had one single repulsor directly below him. A bunch of maneuvering jets besides, but that one point was the only thing keeping it from falling. The dive was a stupid idea, the thing almost wrenched itself in half coming out of it. Now he had an even worse idea and he was the right kind of concussed to do it!

Simon slammed his shoulder into the side of the cage, biting his lip as the wire mesh tore into his shirt. Then leaning back until his fingers were white knuckled holding him in place and back again, grunting as the drone rattled. Then again. Then again. Building momentum.

*Please do not damage Kai-Kuyon property. If you continue with this action, we will be forced to add property damage charges to your eventual sentence and take drastic action to protect our cargo.*

Simon ignored the drone. Ignored the bit of blood he could see shining on the wire. Of his shoulder burning hot as it came close to being dislocated. Focused on how the drone began wobbling back and forth.

*Cease at once. Drastic action will be taken.*

"Yeah. Right," Simon hissed out through his teeth, kept clenched to avoid biting his tongue. "What. Do you. Think you. Can do. That the Drags. Can't?"

The cage door (which he hadn't even realized could be a door) suddenly swung open, sending him dangling hundreds of feet in the air and right above a cloud of toxic smog.

'Never taunt the guy giving you a ride,' his sister had said. 

Sounded even smugger now."Well. Suppose this is going to be one of the important ones."

She stared at the wall of shelves. The ones under the banner marked 'Politics'. There were a lot of them. If she was rating the sections by size, she'd call it a solid medium. Guess every nation had their pundits and every single one of them thought their book was going to be the new bible. Or maybe they just wanted to get their ideas out there. Or just wanted some extra cash.

It was probably the cash.

"Well, if I cut it down to just English and then the timeline that's relevant to my age, that's still...an oil-tanker's worth of books." She tugged her coat tighter and walked down the ails, searching for names she recognized. She didn't trust herself with other languages, not when she didn't know what she was using for fuel. She didn't need that much, not relatively. There were uncountable books in this library and so many of them were absolute garbage. Could be spared. She had years of cheap, flash written bodice rippers alone. 

But then, she wasn't looking for books to burn.

"Yeah...okay, that's familiar...think I used to follow their blog? Or they could be someone from the 17th, I dunno." She'd never been here before the storms started. Before sheets of ice began beating against every window. Before she'd lost track of everyone else, everything else.

There was food here. More than she could ever eat. Systems for collecting snow from outside and making water. Medicine for just about every basic need. And books. All the books. From across all of time and human history, as near as she could tell. Anything she wanted to know, any story she wanted first hand, it was all here. The only barriers were her language and attention span.  The only problem was the heater.

No fuel.

Nothing besides the books.

"Oh. Oh that is *dense*." There was a safe in the back that had been open. Let her set the combination. It was huge, the size of a room. And waterproof. Slowly she began putting things in there. First her favorites from her childhood. Then the big important ones everyone knew about. Then a copy of every major religious text she could find. Then just whatever she thought looked interesting. It wasn't even a tenth full.

And every morning she had to pick others to burn.

"Set it aside, start with the simple stuff." Was this a test? Did she die out in the snow? Purgatory then, with her soul judged through what stories she valued, what ideas she wanted to save. Or maybe she was just unlucky enough to be the one to choose what the next civilization found. When they came back from their ark-ships or woke up underground or colonized this planet or whatever happened when she was gone. The one to decide what the sum total of human knowledge should be.

She didn't know. She'd never know if things stayed as they are. But the snow was too high to open the doors. There was nothing left to do but keep at it.

"Oh. Hey, this might work."

Politics. Then westerns.The nobles were speaking again. They liked doing that, standing in small clusters about the throne room, chattering till they ran out of breath.

Malfas could feel a tension that wasn't normally there. Their movements were a bit to quick, their faces carefully frozen. They kept a passive pleasantness about them whenever they came to speak to the Queen, but not like this. Not from fear. And the arrangement. Southern Quarter together, the Ivinans all in a row, Menark and Stoll next to each other. All allies and all several generations in. No chances of being shanked.

"Somethings wrong," he said, shuffling a half step closer to the throne. Thumb along the handle of his axe, just to remember it was there.

"Yes." The Queen let out a single laugh, quiet enough that only he and Roderick could hear it. "I believe they are going to try and kill me today."

Malfas slowly turned to look at the Queen. Eternal and unaged save for her hair going silver which a hand casually brushed behind a pointed ear. Like she hadn't just announced a coup.

"Someone is trying to kill you?"

"Yes." She glanced at him, the barest hint of a smile on her face. He was only starting to catch them. "You didn't know?"

"Oh, of course I knew. It would be complete insanity not to let the Queen's own bodyguard know of a coup. Wouldn't it Roderick?" Malfas sneered at the human, noting his distinct non-reaction to the news. Even the damn herald... "How could anyone let a damn fool thing like that happen?"

"The guards don't like you," he said, shrugging.

"Of all the-"

The Queen coughed. And impossibility, there was enough magic on her to stop even a headache. Roderick stepped close and whispered in here ear. Even though no one had come to the throne for the last half hour.

"My subjects!" the Queen called, causing all heads to turn as her voice danced across the chamber. It was said that magic let all hear her without straining her voice, but those closer to the chair knew it was simple acoustics. "I am afraid I must call court to an early close. All of you may be excused to her quarters. Save, of course, my guard."

All at once the nobles bowed and excused themselves, shuffling at the only door in or out. Calm and orderly. Even in a crisis. None stopped to ask for explanation. Except Malfas.

"So who is it?" he asked. The Queen waited for Roderick to leave, the herald bowing low and whispering his luck before following the crowd. The last to leave.

"Callum. My grandson. A good boy, I believe he'll be a good king if they succeed." She clicked her tongue as the last of the nobles disappeared. The hall still and silent. Only the dust and the rustle of the drapes left. And the two of them. "I'll have to install him somewhere if they don't. A small place to test his reforms."

"You've been through this before," he muttered, drawing axe and shield. Two steps forward, one to the right. Just in front of the target, room to maneuver and time to catch projectiles. "Seems like everyone but me has been through this before and yet there are no guards."

"Rest assured, they're watching. Waiting. They don't want to back the wrong side, you understand. It would ruin so many years of planning." The Queen smiled and for the first time he didn't have to strain to see it. "Elves are quite skittish things." Her eyes turned towards him, full of genuine mirth despite the circumstances. Despite all common sense. "Dwarves, I've found, are far more stubborn.

And then, despite it all, he was smiling too.

The door opened, five figures slipping through. All cloaked in heavy plate, gleaming in the sunlight that streamed in through the stained glass. Spears longer than him and deathly pointed, swords that shone like torches, a staff so smooth and pale it might have been grown into shape.

"Runner Malfas," the mage leading them said. He walked with the staff clicking on the ground even though the man needed no help. "Our quarrel is with the Queen, not you. Leave. You'll be escorted to the edge of the territory."

The four others fanned out behind the mage, weapons at the ready, right in front of the only door there was. The Queen stayed calm. Face once more a mask. Offering them nothing. He grit his teeth and strode forward.

"I'm sworn. You though, you leave." Not a bow among them. Perhaps the mage had a spell, but the Queen could handle such thing. He stopped at the base of the steps, dark iron greaves thumping against carpet, axe and shield held ready. "Do it quick and you'll even be using your own legs."

"You expect your word to be worth anything," the mage sneered, staff glowing in his grip. They stopped some thirty feet from the throne. Spears covering the flanks, swords beside the mage. "Run back to your hills. What's one more broken oath?"

Malfas didn't have to turn. He could imagine her watching him. Imagine a nod so slight it was almost imperceptible. He was learning to catch such things, real or imagined.

"Not this one."

He charged.That click had been the most terrifying sound she'd ever heard.

"Really now?" asked the man in the suit. She couldn't quite tell behind the glasses (actual frames instead of embedded, who wore those anymore?) but she could guess he was looking at his gun. It was a revolver bigger than his hand. But not a real revolver. Real revolvers were just cylinders and gunpowder and a hammer. No tactical-assist, no profile matching, not even a HUD-integrated site. No, this was the kind of asshole who could afford the fancy guns so of course he had his state of the art smart-pistol rebuilt to LOOK like a fancy revolver. And look where that got him!

Forced to beat her to death with his own two hands, probably.

"Assume that I've asked," he said, slipping the gun back into a pocket on his suit. His nice shoes clicked on the tile flooring as he advanced, picking his way through overturned chairs and upended filing cabinets. The sextet of exo-armored guards stood in a semi-circle behind them. Shaking their guns. Pointing at the floor and pulling the trigger. Twitching like sheep that had wandered too close to the pen. Their boss, smirking as he watched her flinch back, he didn't need the weapons. No, the guns were only there to keep things civilized. "Enlighten me."

Text appeared across her left eye, flashing red just so she knew Sketch was pounding the keys.

*I'LL FIGURE SOMETHING OUT, JUST STALL!*

"You think that's all I can do?" She tried to put as much of a laugh in the words as she could muster. Really, that she could muster the courage not to shake was a testament. To willpower? To stupidity? She had no idea. Some kind of moxie was making her stand her ground and it was enough to make the suit pause. "I just stopped your guns quicker than you could fire them! DNA locks are child's play really. Just a very fancy toggle-switch." She clicked her tongue, praying to the Wire Gods that was close to correct. "You boys need better security."

"Apparently. You're standing in my lab." The suit turned his smile into a sneer, pressing his heel against some papers on the floor. "And made quite a mess of things. They're going to blame me for this, you know. Make me kill half my staff just to prove a point." The guards froze. "Not you, the rent-a-cops." They relaxed. "It's going to take my whole! Day! To work through the garbage you've dumped on my porch." He moved forward and cracked a knuckle. A sound closer to industrial equipment than human bone. "So if we could get this started..."

"You take one more step and they'll sing songs of what I do to you!" 

Again, the suit paused. Though perhaps that was more due to the way she flung her hand out dramatically as if ready to throw hacking like a spell.

"You're only five feet away," he said. "I can cross that in half a second. Rip your arm off like a wad of cookie dough. I don't think you grasp the-"

"Do you know how much tech is in your body? Huh? Do you even remember at this point when you had it shoved in you piece by piece by your leather-chair-cat-stroking masters? I bet you don't. I bet you forgot about the time they were replacing your heart with a coolant system! But I know. I can see every single one right now. Your whole damn network!"

*Uh, Syl, that's not really how it-*

"You wanna feel the servos in your back bend until what little is left of your spine is snapped under the tension? You wanna have your tongue fed through your fancy alloy teeth as they turn into a wood chipper? Vomiting chunky blood everywhere, I bet that'll REALLY make a mess of things! Or how 'bout the chips in your brain? Lots of them in there, you know what a single drop of transmission fluid could do to your motor cortex? Your emotions?! Your MEMORIES?! Think about it, your first date, your apartment number, that pizza party you had in middle school where everything seemed alright for once and you might make it?! All gone! All with a wave of my hand!"

*Calm down Syl! Microchips don't even have transmission fluid, he'll know-*

"Your body is a temple and I'm it's now dedicated to me! Your going to stand there and talk about ripping my arms off when I could make yours EXPLODE with a THOUGHT?! Don't waste breath you should be spending on groveling to your new god in the hopes she doesn't decide to END YOU AND THIS WHOLE FUCKING NIGHTMARE FACTORY!"

Silence. Save for the echo of her triumphant shouts. The guards had their rifles pointed down, faces hidden by the helmets but she could feel their confusion. The suit also looked baffled, jaw actually hanging open as he stared at her in pure disbelief. Almost ignoring her arm still outstretched in front of him. Trembling as she panted.

*Syl...good job, I guess.*

"You have absolutely no idea what your're talking about." The suit straightened his collar, any hesitation or interest dying on his face like her hopes for her retirement plan. "This is such a waste of time."

*Maintenance duct behind you, ten(?) seconds, grab the drive.*

"You know, I was just going to snap your neck before. Quick and clean. Now? Now I think I'll break that window over there and drag you through it like a cheese greater. How does that sound, o goddess?"

She only just managed to close her fingers around the data-stick when his palm slammed into her chest. Almost enough to shatter her sternum through the kevlar weaving. More than enough to send her sliding back into a wall. Right under Sketch's chosen duct.

"Or I just smash your skull like a grape, I have a lot to do today." The suit knelt down in front of her, rearing back a fist. She could see the bones rearrange under the skin, hear the whirring gears through the ring in her ears as it configured itself for maximum damage. Supposedly, this is when one's life flashed before their eyes. "I think I'll steal some of that speech though. It deserves someone who can actually back it up." She got something else.

*DUCK*

Syl smiled.

"Who says I can't?"

The emergency release on the maintenance duct blew, launching four rivets at high speed straight into the suit. It was followed by the vent cover itself, catching the off balance agent right in the face. She hauled ass while he fell on his, scrambling behind the wall and towards the tiny, rapid response elevator waiting for her. She latched on just as the suit started screaming profanities. Right up until the slam of an auxiliary hatch cut him off.

Wire Gods bless redundant security.

"Holy fuck, I was about to die there, wasn't I?" she asked breathlessly (and subvocally) as a platform barely wide enough to stand on began zipping down the building at high speed.

*And you would have. If I wasn't the god of your temple.*

"Yeah." She laughed. A nervous, fitful thing more to avoid screaming or letting the shakes come on than finding it funny. It wasn't. And all that could wait till she was back in her apartment with a glass-no, bottle-no, BARREL of whiskey. "I'm never going to live that down..."

*Focus more on living long enough to get out of this building.*

"One thing at a time." She took a deep breath before the elevator jerked to a stop. NetSec finally finding the compromised node and squashing it like the suit fifty floors up wanted to do to her. Hunting for her right now, probably. With one hundred floors to go. What a night. "Got anymore miracles, o goddess?"

*I'll figure something out.*It was after the first hit landed that she realized she might be getting ahead of herself.

He was strong. More than strong enough to drag a truck through the woods just for the pleasure of tearing it up near home. And if he didn't have much fighting experience, it was because those fights ended on the first punch. And by god, it HURT. Even if her jaw started to snap back into place right after he broke it.

The only reason she wasn't in three pieces was he was swinging wildly like a mad man and she'd fought those a dime a dozen.

Collin howled like the lunatic he was and lunged at her again. She ducked and raked against his side again, but it didn't matter. The wounds would close before they began to inconvenience him. And he was Gauller. He'd beat a Modegi for stamina every time.

"STOP SQUIRMING!" he snapped and tried to stab out her eyes. She caught the arm, turned and twisted it until it snapped, then drove her elbow into his jaw.

All it did was let him grab her and then she was thrown back-first into a wall on the other side of the cave.

Her nephew was DEFINITELY not hearing about this.

Collin lunged. Even though she pulled to the side, she FELT the impact as he hit the wall. Heard his moan of complaint and the chip of rocks falling around him. Could smell blood, some of it hers. It was tempting, oh so tempting, just to cut loose and rip this jumped up pit-dog a literal new one...

Instead she scooped up a rock.

"I'M GOING TO-" Kill her. Probably. He didn't get the last two words out before she slammed it hard against his skull. Again. And again. And again.

The first blow dazed him enough for her to pin and the rest were just to make sure it stuck. Whack, whack, whack until fur showed skin and skin showed bone and bone gave way to brain. And she gave that a whack too. One that made him squeal like a stuck pig and go limb, tongue hanging out and eyes hazy and she forced herself to stop before things got too messy and the smell got worse.

"Well that's more of you than I ever wanted to see." She dropped the bloody rock, ignoring the shake in her hand, and wondered what her face looked like all wolfy as it was. It'd heal. Even the brain healed, given enough time. Silver was the only thing that stopped it. She had plenty, used only with gloves on. But she'd come here to put him to trial, not put him down. Different people called for that.

She dragged him out by the foot, making extra sure his stupid bitten nose bumped against the ground. It was the little pleasures that made the job worth it. Like not getting peppered with 9 mm rounds as soon as she exited the cave.

Today it was not worth it.

"Hold it, hold it!" a man shouted above the gunshots as she was forced back another step. it hurt. More than Collin had ever managed. For a moment her heart thumped like a piston and she wondered if the tips were silver. But no, her flesh began to heal, pushing out against the bullets. One by one the rounds popped out of her, clinking against the floor as the gathered police settled.

One man shouted above the rest of them, wearing a badge that marked him as sherrif. He brazenly walked forward to meet her, ignoring the protesting shouts of his men. He'd have been tall if she wasn't...as she was.

"That you, Sarah?" he asked, peering up at her muzzle. She plucked a bullet out of her shoulder and grinned in that way only annoyed wolves can.

"You didn't recognize me sheriff?" One tug hauled Collin into view on the moonlight, eyes still closed and tongue still lolling. The hole in his head had closed into a bump that was only gettinh bigger. Healing or not, he'd still be dazed for a while. "I know you hate to read, but the notice said male." Her other hand gestured downward. "What do these look like to you."

To his credit, he didn't look. Though that might have been because she was covered in fur.

"Fair enough. All look the same in the dark." He turned back to the others. "I told you all to hold! What if that'd been a normal person?!"

"Calm down sheriff, it's not like they had silver. They probably should have, but I'm not complaining." She dragged Collin over to the knot of police and watched as a woman wandered over with hemlock soaked nylon. Soon enough, the wolf was bound and trussed and being carried by four men. Which was a very dear sight to her, she'd been terrified of having to carry him the whole way back. "What took you so long anyway?"

"Same as you I suspect. No one told us the road ended. Found the truck, heard the fighting, so here we are." He tipped his hat and waved off any officers coming too close. She was still a werewolf. A shot werewolf. And all of them looked twitchy. "Got a couple guys watching your car. Dangerous to leave it out in the woods."

"Thank you." They walked a bit further from the cave and she leaned against the first tree in reach, yawning. Ten years and you'd think she'd be a night person by now.

"We really appreciate you coming out here again, saves a lot of lives." He gave her that smile. That fatherly 'I'm so proud of you' smile that meant she'd be coming out here the next time even though she hated the woods just because he'd be in the line of fire if she didn't.

But then, she'd chose this. So there was the price.

"You let me know if there's anything we can get you," the sheriff asked, too earnestly for his own good.

"Yeah," she muttered, looking up at the sky. "You can find me some pants before moonset."The pod hit the ground and the impact rattled through his teeth. And his lungs and his gut until he was near retching in the cramped space. But not for long. He barely had time to get his mask on before the walls fell open.

The radiation alarms started immediately. Ringing in his head. 

The surface was grey. Blasted. An endless, empty scorched rock stretching from one boiling sea to the next. He was alone in the dust, strapped to a chair built by the lowest bidder, dropped from high orbit. The mask was stuffy and worn, smelling like oil and someone else's sweat. Soon his own, the heat soaking through the insulation of his suit. They'd left an image on the display, frozen and fragmented in the bottom corner of his sight. A stick, with a square end. Some ancient technology surpassed hundreds of years previous. That and a marker, hovering on the horizon.

The needle in the writhing haystack that was the homeworld.

The straps blew off and the chair fell to pieces, kicking him out into the dirt. His impact was the only sound. Not even wind was there to greet him. Just the empty and the slow roasting of UV. He was slow to get up. Chained by heavy survival gear, sealed like an oven. There was nothing to do but walk.

----

It was two ships that brought him to the planet. One to carry him. One to mutiny, stealing all his assets. Everything tanked then and the corp that made its living off bought debt had pointed here. Promised capital, investment, everything to restart his life. Then they sent him here and a life of wage-slavery had seemed the much better option. But he'd already signed, eager to stay out of that pit.

Now an auto-claw ripped open the door to a bunker, the Geiger counter near exploding from panic. Cancer drugs, they'd promised those too. Repair for whatever the ruined planet did to him, like the whole trip never happened. Like he wouldn't remember the heat.

There was no grand staircase or descending labyrinth on the other side. Just a room with a desk and a broken light. There was dust, despite the vacuum hiss that signaled the tomb's opening. Leftovers from the corpse huddled on the floor, its gear still intact, but body roasted. On the desk was a box.

It too was sealed, but kept only by a simple lock. One button and it clicked open, the top swinging free and releasing a cold mist that lasted but milliseconds against the burning air. The stick was inside. Still intact. Just sitting there, waiting to be claimed. He grasped for it, breath heavy as he slotted it into the port on his suit. Before it melted, the data lost. Before he was left here, forever.

It ripped the information free in seconds and he felt the fear leave him. He could go home now. All they wanted was this. A stream of code filtering across his visor,  letting human eyes assure the download. Showing him...

Showing him...

----

The mask had added another marker.

It had done so hours ago when he first reached their prize. Escape, it said. Home. They would take the suit and throw him in a shower and he could be cool again. Could breathe again. Get back to work, return to his life, forget. 

And yet, he stared. Across the wastes. The gray expanse, burned by those it spawned. Abandoned by the bookkeepers, sighting its expense. A memory none cared to revisit. Hot and empty and picking through his guts.

It hated him. It hated him so much.

The sun set and a burst of half-form static drifted through his head. Calling for a response. Asking for the data. Promising safety. Security. Cash. Anything to get him to the insertion point. To give them a position. Angry and demanding as he stared across the scorched rock, soon to freeze.

There was nothing to do but walk."Well, this one's got a temper." She kicked the wheel. The little bit of it still attached to the truck. She'd hoped the guy had been exaggerating when he said his truck had been ripped in half, but there it was. Bed slammed against a tree, front flipped over and lying in a ditch. Cherry red and torn open all the way down the engine compartment smelling like grease, gas, and gore.

The last likely due to the leg sticking through the windshield.

"Gauller breed. Has to be. No one else is this dramatic." She sniffed through the bandanna around her mouth. There was wolf-scent under the gs. It'd been two days by talk of the man sitting in the local station. Two days and the truck still stank. Almost like he'd...

Oh. Yep. Marked it.

Had to be a puppy.

For most, it wouldn't have been much of a lead. But to her it was practically breadcrumbs, as distinct as a line of fire. So she started following it. Past the car guts so lazily strew into the tall grass and deeper into the woods. Boots crunching on downed sticks, coat getting caught in the tangles, all manner of insects buzzing around her ears, oh how she /loved/ the forest. A bit of irony there, perhaps, but why the wolves' first instinct was to run out into the backend of nowhere and harass small towns, she hadn't a clue. They owed her thousands in gas money by now.

The scent lead her to a cave in the woods, as they all inevitably did. One smeared with the rest of the truck driver in a grisly display. Completely tasteless. The trees were almost too thick to pass here and some were scored deep. A child could have seen there was a wolf in there and hopefully been smart enough to run away. The leaves blocked what little light was left as the sun finished setting, fireflies coming out to bask in twilight. It was far, far later than she should have been doing this, but no one told her the road just stopped twenty miles back.

Too late to stop so she kept on going. Pulling her hood down, she strode into the cave, whistling once.

"Collin Mayfield!" Her voice bounced all the way to the back wall and boy did this one go deep. "I have a warrant for your arrest given to me by the state of Oregon! Come out now or be dragged by the scruff like the puppy you are!"

"Typical," came a voice. One trying so hard to come from everywhere, but clearly back and to the left. She played along, looking left then right then left again. Poor guy probably thought she was blind. "Waltz in here on the high horse of the law thinking you can take me down."

A chain rattled and there was the distinct slam of a gate closing. She hadn't passed a gate. He'd hidden in his woods cave?

So he was THAT kind of dramatic.

"Oh honey," growled the voice, "you don't know what you're in for."

She kept walking, hand on her hip where the gun would be, crouched low like she was waiting for him to spring. He wouldn't, not till he'd gotten his little speech over and done with.

"I know I'm in here with a murderer. At least five counts, probably more. Along with grand theft, destruction of property, unlawful squatting on state property, and willfully possessing untreated lycanthropy. You're really lucky they didn't send the national guard."

"You think I'm afraid of mortal men with guns?" She heard the scrabbling of feet and stone as Collin crept closer to a spot on the left wall. She turned her gaze that way, surprised to see a chain. One leading into the roof, connected to a block. And the dark shape in the corner with the glowing eyes must have been the man himself. Snarling at her like a cartoon villain. "Let them come. Let them find your pretty corpse strewn up on the roof of my cave."

"Mortal men. Getting a bit ahead of yourself?" She turned to face him and stripped off her jacket. It was still good for another year if she didn't go around breaking it. Then the pouches, full of wolves-bane and silver scraps and all sorts of things that weren't useful anymore. The bandanna she kept, for the moment. Let him dig deeper.

"Taunt all you want, you know you're not getting out of this alive." Colin grinned, his teeth gleaming white as he strode forward right next to the block. Still invisible in his own mind, but she took the time to look him over.

Collin Mayfield looked like crap. He was covered in dirt. His hair was overgrown and knotted. His clothes were nothing but rags (and what she could see underneath wasn't too appealing). And his nose had a chunk torn out of it. That was the bite. That never healed. How he got away with just a nip on the nose was a mystery, but the wild look in his eyes said she wouldn't get to ask.

This was not one her nephew would hear about.

"Now witness the gift I've been given!"

And then he howled and kicked the block off the chain, opening the hole in the roof. A break in the trees showed the moon round and full, finally freed from domination by the sun. And he laughed and laughed, deeper and rougher as the change began to overtake him. She just dropped the bandanna and smiled, showing her own teeth.

The laughing stopped.

"Oh honey," she cooed, fur rippling up her arms. "You don't know what you're in for.""No, I told you, I'm looking for Ren!"

"There aren't any wrens here. These are bluebird grounds." The bird hopped closer, eyes blinking, beak clicking dangerously. Or, it would look dangerous if it wasn't just a bluebird. "Are the wrens coming back? We kicked them out last time! We have an agreement!"

"No, the wrens aren't coming back. There are no wrens involved in this. I'm looking for a bluebird NAMED Ren." He dug his fingers deeper into the bark and tried not to think of how high up he was. Climbing trees and talking to birds. Not skills he'd developed as a glass-maker, but now he wished he'd spent more time out of the city. Or hung out with the crowd that scurried out buildings like maniacs.

No, actually, he didn't. He never wanted to do this again, but he'd thought that for the last three trees.

"A bluebird named wren? Cruel parents he had." The bird flapped its wings once and hopped to another branch, picked a twig, then brought it back to its nest. Tucked it in like he wasn't even there, hanging onto to a far too thin branch for dear life. "I've never heard of a bluebird named wren."

"There wasn't one last week," he growled and started climbing down the tree. The latest interviewee forgot about him as soon as he passed out of eyesight. After thirty feet, the incessant chatter and cat calling faded back into birdsong. He touched earth and had to resist the urge to bend down and kiss it.

"Had fun up there?" And also the urge to reach over and strangle the woman beside him.

"No!" He ground his teeth and turned to the druidess. When he'd found her she'd been wearing robes. Perfectly modest things, strung through with too many plants for his taste, but that was her profession. Somewhere between him leaving the city and finding her camp she'd switched them for barely more than wrappings and the long skirt of a northman. Over the next few hours her hair had gone from a blonde bun to wild and tangled and dirt had slowly been accumulating over every inch of bare skin.

Roughly the same had been happening to him, but he had the sneaking suspicion she was enjoying it a lot more.

"You really should try to liven up. How many people have the privilege of being escorted around the forest by a druid?" She fell into step (more of a skip) beside him as he went off through the tangle. Gaze upward, searching for another nest. He stumbled, tripped, and once almost broke a toe, but she slunk through the undergrowth like a fish through water. Infuriating. Like everything else. "But one bluebird in an entire forest. You certainly are the determined sort, ~~~."

Especially THAT. That little string of tweets, the one he heard everywhere. Always with the questions. 'What was that?' 'How'd I make that noise?' 'Don't you know not to throw rocks at bluebirds?'

If the little bastard hadn't been stealing his glass then-

"Please don't call me that." He forced himself to sound restrained. Forced himself to not start again. That had been the first day after it had happened, curled up in his bed and thinking over and over again. 'Your name is ~~~.' Trying and trying to call himself the proper word. But he couldn't. Not even in his own head.

"It is your name now, much as you want to deny it." The druid pat him on the head. Like a child who didn't understand. "Might as well get used to it. The odds of finding one bird out of thousands are-"

"Then we'll look harder!" He hadn't meant to shout.

"You're the boss. At least for another...month, I'd say." He tried not to look. Almost succeeded. But it'd become compulsion ever since he'd first noticed. Every hour, every half our, soon maybe every minute. To lift his hand up to his eyes and peer at the hairs growing there. To try and tell himself they didn't look more like down. "And if we fail...I could always use a familiar."

The druid skipped in front of him, grinning like a cat, and he WOULD have strangled her if she wasn't his only chance.

A month. A month to find one bluebird in a forest larger than some countries.

Well...if HE was changing...

"It'll get easier. We press on." He pushed past the druid, tramping off deeper into the forest that closed around him.

"Whatever you say." She slid up beside him, matching his stride, hands glowing white as the tangle of roots and grasses cleared for him. He thought of thanking her, but didn't want to. Didn't even know HER name yet. Why should he care if she was going to keep taunting him. Reminding him of...

Ren the human. ~~~ the bluebird. The world would right itself one way or another.

He kept his eyes on the treetops and wondered what it was like to fly.She watched fire dance across the glass.
 
The whole of her cockpit shook and rumbled through re-entry, the visor she wore filtering out just enough light that she could watch it blaze. The ship cut through the air like a fine knife, slicing down towards the stratosphere at deafening speed. Air resistance was shown in real time, the computer banking off the increasing pressure to lower her velocity to a more manageable state.
 
In the right corner, her screen showed five red pips. Their display changed, angling downward. The estimation of entry procedures.
 
They followed her. Theyd been following her since Sariel-II, an entire micro-jump away. Skal, the great shaded god, rode with them, humming her name into the void and beckoning her forth.
 
She would die here. This was certain. A single scout against an entire wing of Aug fighters, such odds ended in her favor only in vids. Perhaps one would suffer damage once the distance was closed, but such a thing would be superficial. Repaired and forgotten. Then she would die alone and unremembered.
 
But she would die victorious.
 
Status on data-transfer.
 
Established connection to relay net. The display changed to match the cool tones of her console. A small image of a relay, very little beyond a metal ball with a QE-comm nestled in its center. Yet, for her, the face of a god itself. Estimated time for complete package transfer: ten minutes.
 
So be it.
 
The reds and oranges faded, replaced by cool blue and rushing white. Her craft rumbled, the wings expanding, sharpening, becoming something more suitable for atmosphere. A vast sea of green spread below her, broken by the shine of light reflecting off its lakes and oceans.
 
It was a quiet world, but not a cold one. A world that had received the gift of life many generations ago, but laid forgotten by the giver for so long. A world few saw, but many coveted. The rarest and most sought after prize for those who ventured into the black.
 
It was a world that knew nothing of their conflict. Had never seen the pale scout-craft whipping through its sky. Would not recognize the significance until so much had passed.
 
That it had been hers to claim, would be her designation listed in the registry, that this world would one day feed Arialtan mouths and bear Arialtan citizens took the sting away.
 
Alert, August Fighters entering the atmosphere.
 
Let them come, she whispered as the ship reconfigured. The display answering her silent call for battle.
 
They would arrive and they would destroy her. But they would not find her wanting. She was but one, and they were five, but it was not her who would tremble in the coming months. For she was of the strain Anixes; her hands, her eyes, her soul the same. They would know her face ten million times and feel terror at every meeting!
 
Hold firm oh mighty Skal. For I will be ten minutes more.
 
The sky itself roared as the scout accelerated, five blazing stars falling behind it.
 
---
 
The wind shifted and the bucks head shot up.
 
Now! Do it now!
 
The bowstring snapped forward, sending the arrow flying. Its construction was good and its path straight, slicing through the air like a bird of prey. It struck and the deer reared back!
 
Startled by the noise it made striking a tree.
 
Miss, said Lissette, watching the deer sprint off. The rest followed suit and their chosen clearing was soon barren of prey. No glorious feast tonight it seems.
 
Well it would have hit if you hadnt started shouting! Renthel glared at his sister, lounging against the tree beside him, forsaking anything useful for sticking leaves in her hair. Yellow and green look terrible together.
 
And what would you know about color? She pulled herself up, her own bow slung over her shoulder. He did the same to his and started walking, twin falling into lockstep beside him. That was the last herd weve seen signs of. Best to go check the snares and call it a day.
 
I hate rabbit.
 
Well, we couldve had deer, but you missed. She hopped in front of him, easily strolling backwards through the brush and roots. No glory or honor or full bellies tonight. Just rabbit stew and shame!
 
Why am I the one who is shamed if you never fired a shot? He swept one leg forward, Lissette hopping over it with ease and falling back beside him. With a smug little grin on her face. Not trying at all is far more disgraceful than failure.
 
Im not the one who needs the practice. You should be thanking me, generously giving you all the shots to miss.
 
Well I can think of a few good places you can put your The curse died on his lips when he saw she wasnt listening, but staring off into the sky. Eyes squinting and mouth hanging open, looking ridiculous as usual. He turned to see and soon matched her expression.
 
There was a light up there. Like a star, but closer and still within the sunlight. It flickered, dancing in front of the clouds and stinging his eyes, white and hot like the younger moon. Faintly, a low rumble reached his ears. Like thunder without lightning. Constant and building through the sky.
 
Growing closer.
 
Then, in a great flash, it passed above them, the roar reaching a fever pitch that nearly shattered their ears. Animals scattered, shrieking as both screamed, Renthel falling to the ground. The noise continued, building stronger, rattling through his skull.
 
Then a second ripped by overhead. Then a third. Then a fourth. Then two more before the sound began to subside, replaced by the shrieks of animals. Filling everything, as if the entire forest was in panic. He saw Lisette clinging tight to a tree, face ice-white and mouth agape. Dimly, he realized he was still screaming.
 
What was that?! Lisette gasped for breath. He could see her slump against the tree, fighting to stay upright. When he stood, it was slow and halting, heartbeat ringing in his ears and a hoarse rasp to his throat. Ithat wasnt birds. Not a falling star, too fast to see, how-
 
Dragons! Despite everything, his mouth twitched into a smile. They were dragons!
 
He found only silence from Lisette, perfect to observe the distant roars of the creatures, no doubt curling and twisting in a fantastic display.
 
Dragons do not exist, Ren, she muttered, with perhaps a hint of tiredness.
 
You say that after what we just saw?! He staggered forward, dramatically throwing his arms towards the now empty sky, as if it proved everything. The sound, the speed, the light, what could it have been if not dragons?
 
Many things. Many He watched her jaw work, her brows raise in astonishment. Neither acknowledged the leaf that fell in front of her eye. Dragons might exist.
 
Yes! he shouted, already climbing the tree.
 
Ren?
 
Well, we can hear them. Theyre obviously still nearby. He grasped a bough and hauled himself upward. Slowly, the tree line fell below him and he muttered thanks to the elder moon for clear skies. I just want to get a look
 
It did not take much to find them.
 
Too much of a distance to make out anything besides six points of light, but even that encaptivated him. The steps or music of the dance were unknown to him, but the complexity was staggering. They moved in strange unity, circling over and over, splitting and uniting and splitting again.
 
Then a streak of white cloud left one of the beasts and exploded into fire.
 
His sister laughed.
 
Well they know how to entertain! She stood on the branch beside him, brushing the leaves from her hair as they watched, enthralled.
 
They breathe fire. Dragons, through and through. Ren could barely keep from bouncing on his branch, grinning wider as the display drifted across the sky.
 
More cloud trails appeared. Many more. Some became plumes of flame, others lingered. Curling and spinning around each other, until the sky seemed defaced by a drunken, erratic spider. For nearly half an hour they sat and watched, excitement fading but being replaced by a growing sense of awe.
 
Ren came to three conclusions.
 
Dragons were the greatest things to ever exist.
 
He would not swear his life on it, but one of them seemed a lighter shade than the other five.
 
The other five seemed to be hunting this one.
 
When he could track it, the fires came closest to its path. The trails seemed to follow it more than not. The others took pains to keep it circled, always appearing where it tried to go. Something they were very, very skilled at.
 
It seemed almost inevitable when that light felt the touch of flames.
 
Hardly a fair fight. They watched as the poor, felled dragon turned towards the earth, its light now mixed with smoke and fire. The others regrouped themselves, keeping close as it descended. He felt some vague disappointment watching it fall. An expected outcome, once hed noticed what was happening, but one that didnt seem right after it had fought so hard.
 
Both twins winced when it reached the ground.
 
Trees ripped up and broke as it carved a great furrow into the earth, a cloud of dust and debris kicking up to obscure the carnage. Its roar stopped, replaced by something like a rockslide, and then fell silent. Overhead, one of the hunters passed, its rumbling whine seeming, to his ears, victorious.
 
I suppose thats that, then, Lisette said. He merely nodded.
 
Smoke drifted up from the cut in the trees. And the telltale glow of wildfire could be seen, dancing among the shadows. Whatever corpse was left for the hunters, they would have to take it soon or risk it burning away.
 
Yet, strangely, they didnt. None of them made moves to land, or even slowed. Merely circled, each member farther out than the last. Wide arcs around the center, leaving them roaring overhead. This too, they watched for a time.

And found it measurably less exciting.
 
You know, it didnt land too far from here.
 
For a moment, there was silence.
 
We should run home. Tell everyone about this.
 
Yes, he nodded. That would be the safest option.
 
 ---
 
The wind shifted and she smelled smoke on the breeze.
 
Its close.
 
I hadnt guessed. With all the fires. She scowled at Ren, running beside him through the undergrowth. The corpse had not looked far when they watched it fall, but a quick jog turned into a half-hour hike before either had realized it. Streams, brambles, and even the growl of a bear had slowed their progress. But there was no mistaking the scent of flames, the fleeing animals, or the roar of the predators circling overhead.
 
How they screamed so long and loud, she could not imagine. Or their decision to wait so high above when their prey was clearly helpless.
 
This isnt right, she muttered, half to herself and half to Ren. This does not feel right, whatever it is.
 
Yes, the six dragons in the sky had me wondering.  He slid to a stop, one hand resting against a tree. Soon enough, she heard why. The crackle of flame had overtaken the rustling of the trees. Through their trunks, she could spy a gleam in the sunlight. Not the same as the false-starlight, but.
 
Like the shine off a sword. Metal?
 
Well, he continued, and she could see every muscle in his body tense. Watched his nails press against the bark. There it is.
 
Yes. Lissette couldnt deny the same growing trepidation. What had seemed a poor idea before looked horrible up close. Beasts that fought with smoke and fire, apparently for sport if not for food, and them with only their bows and a skinning knife each.
 
To the west, a new roar started. Lower and louder, rumbling in their chests and through the trees. Birds raced for their homes as it grew to a high pitched, then deadened into a dull, thrumming thump.
 
Something else. Something close.
 
We should leave, Ren said, face ashen. She agreed with him, wholeheartedly. Whatever creatures had come to their lands were beyond them and obviously of great power. Things that would think nothing of two hunters barely out of their childhoods. At best, they were beasts, hunting for food. At worst
 
Neither listened much to the shaman, but his tales seemed very relevant now.
 
Back to the village, she nodded. Well tell everyone what we saw. This is enough to report, they had to have heard it. It was enough, what they had seen. The great beasts flew across the sky, attacked with thunder and fire and smoke. The black hunted the white, but not for food. And something else lurked nearby their battles.
 
Perhaps the mother to the little ones? Perhaps they were scavengers, bullied by a larger animal. Or they were fey, following a hierarchy. Such answers would only be provided further on, and to go there was to face whatever dark purpose these beings served.
 
The two of them had seen enough. They could live with not knowing everything, surely?
 
Both took another step forward.
 
Itssmaller than I was expecting, Ren whispered, creeping forward low and cautious. They pressed through the bushes, struggling to get a good view through the leaves. The scent of smoke was stronger. She could see sparks and embers drifting in the wind. Wheres the head?
 
A great furrow had been carved into the ground, knocking over trees and scorching the earth. At the end of it sat a creature of pale white, unmoving and gleaming in the sun. She grimaced, seeing small pieces of it lying here or there away from the main body. And yet, no blood was visible.
 
The thing had a fat back, far wider than what she assumed was the front end. Its form curved to a rounded point, no limbs visible. There was no signs of the shining light that had seemed so clear from far away, only that of the sun glinting off its skin, rigid and far too smooth. Two yellow stripes ran down its length, free from twists or discolorations. Flanked by marks that curved and rolled with elegance, spaced evenly one to the next. And its face
 
The thing where a face would be peeled upward. Black and featureless, hanging in the air. She could see inside, but instead of brain or bone, there was empty space. Filled by smooth, gray shapes and a stretched lump of black.
 
A hole was torn in its side, a jagged looking thing that sat blackened by soot and fire. But again, there was no blood or seeping wounds. Only a hole filled with more shapes and long vines and a brief spark of lightning.
 
Lisette could only stare. And look toward her brother to make sure he was seeing the same.
 
What am I seeing? His jaw worked, answers surely coming to his tongue as they did hers, but rejecting them. It seemed so obviously a dragon. But dragons should be large, feathered lizards, right? With wings?
 
Not a feather on it. Not sectioned like scales. She saw another flash within the hole, smoke rising from the beasts innards. Not steam from heat, but smoke. Black and thick as though a fire raged inside it. Which fit well with the stories, but lighting as well? They had seen nothing of lightning, the thought seemed ridiculous. Insects? They have hard shells, ones that cover their whole bodies.
 
Yes, a limbless insect that flies through the air screaming louder than a struck cat and blasting fire from its fold-out face, sounds just like a big ant.
 
Well what do you think it is?! she hissed through her teeth. Another of the black beasts roared through the sky above. None had arrived yet and the other, larger creature theyd heard seemed silent. Dying down as quick as it came.
 
Why hadnt it landed here? Why hadnt the others, whod hunted it so fiercely, come to claim the corpse?
 
Not that she could see any meat on the thing.
 
I dont knowmaybe its some sort of hard, flyingdeath-slug? Ren grimaced, as if realizing how stupid it sounded out loud. Maybe not. Maybe its not like anything. Maybe its just itself.
 
How wonderfully unhelp-
 
There was a noise. A loud one, harsh and tearing. But not the wet sound of flesh, closer to metal scraping against metal. Only, not metal, but something else. Duller. Rougher. Not the thunk of wood, but something else.
 
She saw, beyond the smooth back of the creature, a flash of black hair, a grunt.
 
Someones over there.
 
Suddenly, arms white and shiny as the beast itself appeared above its form and held in their hands was a square. Black and smooth and shiny, only a few jagged edges and hanging tendrils revealing that it had been freshly pulled from innards.
 
One of the dragons own, strange organs.
 
It vanished. Thrown against the ground as the crunch of something not-quite bone greeted her ears.
 
Wait, what? Ren muttered, pressing forward past the bush. Why are theyhow did anyone get here before us? We were-
 
He stopped. Or more accurately, started. Along with Lissette and every bird around them. The flyers scattered into the air as she slammed a hand over her own mouth.
 
Two cracks, louder and sharper than lightning or the crash of a hammer on anvil, had come from beyond the corpse. They rang through the air and in her ears, covering for a moment the ever more familiar roar of the hunters.
 
She looked at Ren. Saw his face drained of color. Felt it fall from her own. Somewhere she heard a call. A human one. A voice she did not recognize.
 
We need to leave.
 
He nodded. Then paused.
 
Look, he whispered, eyes growing far wider.
 
For a woman had appeared from behind the corpse, clad in gleaming white that clung to her skin and fed to a breastplate colored in yellow and blue. Her skin was almost as pale and her hair cut short till it was nearly gone. She carried a tool, a gray shape she did not recognize. One she held at arms length and eye level.
 
A weapon. Shed bet her life on it.
 
The woman turned and she gently tugged her brother deeper into the bushes. Even from their distance, she felt a hint of unease beyond the situation. Too far away to glimpse features, but something drew her eye.
 
The woman walked slow. Careful. Sweeping her gaze over the entire clearing, only glancing upward when one of the hunters flew directly overhead, its roar drowning out all other sound.
 
Suddenly her chest exploded in red. They heard nothing, any final words or screams lost in the rage of the pursuer. There was no last act of defiance or terror. She merely fell back against the corpse and clutched at the hole where her heart hung in pieces.
 
Then died.
 
A new figure stepped out of the trees.
 
Black. All black with red designs towards the shoulders and chest, entire body covered. They were shiny like the woman, but a hard sheen. One that threatened. One that shielded the body, not just clung to it. They held another tool; longer, thicker, weightier. Held before them, but there was no unease in their stride. No caution as they approached the body.
 
Four more followed in but a heartbeat.
 
And one was already pointing at them.
 
Run, Ren whispered, voice trembling.
 
Run! she echoed, taking his hand and sprinting for the trees.
 
They started shouting with voices that crackled and hissed in her ears, barking words that meant nothing and sparked terror in her heels. Their tools would come alive soon. Strange magics that could rend a woman from so far, splashing blood and pulping bone clinging to her thoughts like sap. Her foot caught roots
 
But Ren was there, catching her, tugging her onward, screaming at her, at himself, at everything as the cracks came rapid, the same terrible noises the woman had made, ringing through her teeth the trees around them chipped and burst in showers of bark and splinters, the dirt hissing and upheaving, streaks through the air of sound and heat.
 
Then another. Sharp. Clear. Damning.
 
She saw Ren pitch forward. Saw his neck turn to mist. Felt his hands give one push forward before going limp. Smelled blood and tasted dust. Saw his head loll and heard bone shatter. Felt his face touch the earth as clear as if it were her own.
 
Watched him die.
 
She ran.
 
She ran as the weapons stopped and the voices quieted. Until the birds had returned and the smell of smoke was far behind her. Over streams and through trees. Past trail markers and landmarks. Until her feet ached and her vision swam. Until the sound stopped ringing in her ears.
 
She ran. And could not find it within her to scream.
 
---
 
Hold!
 
The gunfire ceased, the last shots echoing through the empty air. The box placed around the signature vanished and its outline grew patchier, fainter. A few misshapen lumps of red and orange swallowed by the cooler colors of the forest. He kept his gun drawn, his squad in position. All of them waiting for a counterattack.
 
Nothing came. The second one, the dead one, grew colder on the forest floor.
 
Clark, check the body. The man broke formation, dashing over to the bushes. Beside him, Laudry went prone on top of the Ari fighter, scope giving a faint click as it cycled through viewing modes. On his other side, Siris launched a drone. A little whirring thing no bigger than a water bottle streaking off above the trees.
 
Something isnt right, she muttered, tapping away at a wrist-board, watching the fold out display as her toy tracked its target. Found them already. No interference, no return fire, not even trying to disguise heat, but no detectable transmissions either. This isnt even novice. This isnt even civilian!
 
Captain, whoever this is, he definitely isnt Ari! Clark came back, lugging the still-dripping body. He felt his heart slow looking at it. No armor or insignias, just hides and cloth and leather. Skin a blemished tan from the sun and exposure. Corded, lean muscle and features that looked harshly plain. Raw. The sort of thing youd find in a slum, but without the dust of a factory or the wear of pollution or the fat from mass-produced food.
 
The squads guard dropped, openly gawking as Clark laid the corpse out in front of them. Next to the Ari pilot in her sleek jumpsuit, face clean and clinical and symmetrical in a way that only came out of a laboratory.
 
The sight made him a little sick. He wasnt sure why.
 
He had this. And a bunch of arrows. Clark held out a bow. Not like the ones in vids or in competitions, but as rough as its owner.
 
Wood and animal gut? Siris took it from him, running her hands over it. She ran a scan and they all saw the little light turn yellow. Nothing to record.
 
Ive seen those before. In museums. Laudry had moved up behind her shoulder, almost bouncing in excitement. Thats agrarian at the most, an antique! Worth a fortune to the right people!
 
Its not an antique. He leaned down, close to the corpses face. Aggressively plain. Eerily so. Ruined by the gaping, dripping hole in his neck. I think this man made it. I dont think hed know how to make anything else.
 
There was silence. All his men, staring at the nameless man theyd killed.
 
You cant be saying-
 
The Ari wouldnt use this, Siris cut in, holding up the bow. Undetectable, sure, but primitive doesnt even begin to describe it. Its worthless. An arrow from this would struggle with dermal plating, let alone grunt armor.

Hes native, Auley said, voice barely a whisper. Shaking. This planet isnt just seeded. Its inhabited.
 
He thought of their prey. Of the single seater Ari scout detected in the system. No transmissions had come from this planet. No signs of their structures, no other ships seen in its sky. There was no reason to believe there had been anyone more than this one solitary pilot near the crash.
 
Yet, they fired.
 
Laudry muttered something under his breath.
 
Lost colony.
 
He stared, face going pale. The wind ran through the trees, so much like those on the core worlds. Distantly, one of their fighters roared across the sky. The only thing in the empty heavens.
 
Until the rest of the fleet arrived.
 
Sergeant Runis?
 
He took a deep breath. Steadied his face. Hid the uncertainty for now. He could see the unease in his squads face, trepidation visible even through their helmets.  They, in turn looked at him and the boy. The plain face, natural in a way none of them had ever seen. He had never been under the surgeons knife, never felt a needle, no metal or plastic.
 
Worse than a civilian. There was nothing this man could have done to defend himself. As helpless as an infant. Likely didnt understand anything hed seen beyond the barest inferences. Probably scared out of his mind. And theyd killed him.
 
And there was another whod seen black-armored men come from the sky and shoot a man dead.
 
This was going to be a problem.
 
And he was going to be sick.
 
Back to the skiff. We need to report this.Fordregha 2 points 2 days ago 
He remembered being small and being carried.

Rain had come to their valley for what the old one said was three passes of the sun. Enough to tear the earth off the mountains and send it hurtling down the slope. By blessing or by luck, their caves had not been covered and all were well when the sun returned. Three days of freezing, wet fear to see that the mud had swallowed the lake and the fish were dead and buried. They'd moved then. The animals moved, so they followed them, picking off what they could. It was many more passes before they found a new home and he had been small and weak. Whenever it had been too much for his legs, his father had been there. Placing him on his back, shouldering the burden. His father had never said a word about it.

Neither had he. He'd never thought to thank him.

Now he carried all their burdens up an unfamiliar mountain. The wind proved as fierce as the cat, with a roar more terrifying and claws that sunk to his bones. Threatened to snap them with the chill. This he could stand. There had been a true storm in the first days of their long hunt. They'd laughed, sang songs made in the moment, shouted their names into the sky and dared it to take them. He could suffer a small, spiteful gale.

But then the wind would still for a moment save for a small breeze through his hair. Part of him would wonder if it might be his father's breath against his neck. If he was carrying him over this mountain to the healer with her pale eyes and a smile that would promise him more hunts and more nights boasting by the fire.

But it was never more than wind and he knew it never would be. He knew what was under the thick hide of the cat, now tied around his father. Just where the beast had struck in its death throes. Just what it had taken...

He remembered being small and sitting under a tree. A fine old thing, the first sight of their new home when he'd awoken from the journey. A hand, browned and worn by more years than he could scarcely believe, tracing the imprints of their ancestors in the stars. 'A story for every light' he'd promised. 'I just don't know them all.'

He gripped that same hand, now colder than ice and so brittle his fingers trembled in fear of breaking it, to keep the bundle steady. The wind blew through the trees that clung to the mountain. He walked the line where they ended, as high as he would dare go, lest he encroach upon an angry peak. Beyond he could see another, one that stretched taller, almost scraping the skies. The stars hung above, silent and watchful.

Could they see the tree from their lofty position? Did they care to look? Would they notice the wide, clear patch by its roots where one might lay their head? Would they notice the long tooth hanging from the branches? Would they know of the man who would charge another's death without being asked and never able to know their gratitude?

They would surely welcome such a man. And he could sit under that tree and draw others' eyes skyward and show them the light that was his father.

But the mountain stood between them and the tree. As had the ones behind him. As will the ones behind it.

He remembered being small and resting on a shoulder. Fighting sleep and fighting tears as the clan moved behind them. The click of bones and the subdued mutterings of those lost and uncertain. 'How much farther?' he had asked.

But his father had smiled and looked at him. And when the words had come, he knew he could sleep without fear.

'Never too far.'

He looked to the face of his father, resting on his shoulder. Eyes closed and framed by the fur of the cat he had felled. Asleep, perhaps, in a way. Without fear.

He steadied his grip and set his stride towards the next mountain.

"Never too far."We have a problem.

Colten lowered the scope from his visor. Wind whipped past him like knives, pulling out the strips of robe over his bodysuit. Visibility was dropping steadily as the sands kicked up across the deserts. A few clouds, moving with the wind, worried him. Too low for dust devils, too small for hovercraft, too big for scavengers. 

Yes, we have a problem. Stets voice cracked over the radio, high and panicked. A huge, obvious problem thats RIGHT BEHIND US!

Colten turned to the storm. A sweeping wall of dark brown, swallowing the dunes behind them like a maw. It roared, even from this distance it roared, putting to shame the steady thrum of the craft below him. The dust it kicked up in passing was like an ant standing before a rhino. If the storm caught them, they would not leave a trail to follow. They would simply disappear.

Not that. Different problem. Bigger problem. Colten turned back to the lumps, rolling over the dunes like they were waves. Closer than before.

Bigger problem?! Whats bigger than THAT?! The mans voice was close to shrill now and Colten kept his sigh off the comms. He could understand fear, his own lingered behind his eyes, but the blind panic helped no one.

The storm will bring us no trouble, spacer. Parhoon will see us to safety. Without waiting for his replay, Colton switched channels to the private band he shared with the pilot. You have this, right?

Should make it with a few minutes to spare, no worries. Her voice lacked any of the panic drowning Stets, but he could hear the tension in it all the same. Assuming this map is correct. You know how satellites are, especially now.

Well, if the storm reaches us, well die too quick to hear Stet complain. He switched back to the general channel as he raised the scope to his eyes. The red banner tied around the barrel flapped wildly, torn in many directions by the storm and the speed of their craft. Not that hed be able to calculate for wind resistance with the weather like this.

-And then we might as well paint ourselves in dog blood and howl to Ignotal for all the good itll do. The rant stopped before he could even question what Stet was on about which left Colton glad hed missed most of it. The man was damn strange, but that was to be expected. Nothing normal came from space.

Just keep your head down. And away from the outer hull. He set his jaw as two of the lumps turned towards them, waves of sand whipped behind them then blown forward by the storm. They might not be as thick as wed want them in a minute.

Wait, what does he mean by that?

Colton? Parhoons voice let the fear slip past for the first time which sent Stet tittering. He kept quiet, eyeing the approaching disturbances. He had almost picked out the shape hiding in the cloud before it reared up over a dune, flying high above their craft and giving him a clear view of what fate had befallen them.

Skimmers! The creature landed on the other side of them in a cloud of sand that struggled against many different winds. Mottled brown skin flapped just above the ground, gliding along it as if it were in water, not air. A snub-nosed, lizard maw opened near the front, head cocking this way and that as it hissed at them. Its riders gave similar challenge. 

Colton! Parhoon screamed over their private channel and he switched to it almost as an afterthought. Why are skimmers here?! Theres a storm coming!

Yes, I imagine the bandits were using it as cover. He sighted with his rifle, crosshairs appearing as it detected targets. He heard the snap of metal on metal as their crude pipe-rifles laid fire upon him, their shoots carried by the wind and smashing against his canopy. He singled out one bandit, tall and lean with a mane of ceramic spines sweeping back from his gas mask, and sounded his return. A blue flash and much softer crack came from his rail-rifle, the pellet within accelerated too fast for the wind to catch. Not at this distance.

The shot hit and ripped straight through the mans shoulder, arm flying off in a spray of gore that blew back onto the body just before it tumbled over the side. He saw a flash of dark skin under the mask as it disappeared. Far too black to be natural. A hereditary mod to protect against sunlight, the same one he inherited.

Kinsman. His stomach started to twist. He forced it to pass. They had made their choice.

Bandits?! Parhoons voice was backdropped by the heavy clank of a harpoon impacting into their craft. Somewhere below, Stet screamed. The invading party howled victoriously as they used it as a tether to bring their skimmer closer. Theyre outriding a sandstorm to catch merchants?! Thats stupid! Who would be out in this weather?!

Us. Colton grit his teeth to hold in the swear and vaulted over the side. The strips of his robe went wild as he moved unshielded into the wind. Useful camouflage turned hindrance as he scrabbled across the Egresss white hull, peppered by shots. The bandits kept trying to find their mark. Luckily it seemed to be about five feet behind him. Keep driving while I kill them all.

He reached the edge of the craft just as a second harpoon hit, nearly impaling his leg. He let the swear free and kicked it before the drill head had a chance to take hold. His attackers jeered back as it slipped off, more so when he pressed his gun against the others rope and shot clean through it.

Ive cleared the harpoons, get away from the- His command died in his throat when a round slammed into his shoulder. Just a small pellet, junker rounds, a luck shot if anything, but it hurt. With his balance now tenuous and sand clinging to the wound, it hurt a lot.

Colton! Parhoons cry went unanswered as he bit his cheek to keep from shouting. He could see the bandits reeling in the harpoon hed kicked free, readying it for another shot. 

Dammit. He let himself fall back against the hull, wincing as his left arm gripped one of the exterior vents. The suit protected from the worst of the heat, but it stretched his wound and the metal dug into his fingers. His other arm lifted his rifle, balancing it against his raised knee. He closed one eye to try and see through the sight. It was a stupid idea, but what the hell.

The gun sparked and he heard the woman curse as the pellet rent a small hole along the barrel and dug itself into the finer machinery of the winch. Didnt hurt the gunner at all, but hed take it.

Colton, brace! his pilot screeched over the radio with a tone that brokered no argument. He slung the rifle over his shoulder and turned, fastening both hands around the vent tightly. Not a moment too soon as their craft suddenly lurched.

His mask slammed into the hull and blared a shrill warning as the hovercraft closed distance with the skimmer. The bandits shouted in alarm and the creature itself chittered nervously just before the Egress reared and exposed its grav vent to the bandits. It only lasted a moment, but that moment was all Parhoon needed to flare the engine and slam a wall of force into the beast. Both parties went flying, Colton nearly having his arms ripped out of their sockets before being slammed into the hull again. He only managed to turn his head after the craft had smoothed itself out, just soon enough to witness a tumbling ball of sand disappear into the storm.

Which now appeared far closer.

Parhoon, you are the best kind of insane and I love you! Despite the advancing stormwall, he couldnt stop himself from splitting into a grin, laughing at the stupid gamble shed taken with their lives.

Damn right!

Both were snapped out of it by the sound of more harpoon impacts from the Egresss other side. He remembered the second skimmer heading towards them and pried his stiff fingers from the vent, scrambling back up to the watchmans canopy. The wind and their speed competed for the right to knock him off and he was barely keeping his footing by the time he managed to tumble back into the nest, its closed front blocking the worst of it.

He came up already swinging his rifle around, trying to get a bead on the second skinner. All he found was a dark shape blocking his vision and a boot slammed into his wounded shoulder.

No killing! Grab this one! A shrill voice burned in his ears, its owner rising to her feet before him. He reached for the knife in his belt, only to have it wrenched from his hand by another. The second dragged him to his feet, the barrel of a gun pressed to his neck as his weak arm was grabbed and wrenched back until he howled.

The barrel moved his mask just enough to show skin and he heard a laugh.

Now then. The first grabbed his good arm, bringing the linked communicator up to her face. Her mask was painted blue, the eyes lined with small animal bones and more of those ceramic quills sweeping back from her head. She switched it to the general channel. 

-someone better tell me what the hell is going on right-

Lower us down, she spoke, cutting off Stet, or we shoot him and drop his body for the scavengers. 

No! Coltons reply got an elbow to the gut. The woman laughed.

Good, kinsman, dont beg for your life. But your honor is pointless.

The answer only took a moment to come, and he could almost feel the woman smile under her mask.

Lower them in, Parhoon.

Dont-

Its not worth it, Colton.

Im not letting anyone die needlessly for my cargo.

I like your friends. Theyre smart. The woman clicked her tongue as the floor began to lower, sinking them into the craft proper. The howl of the approaching storm grew quiet as the hatch above them slid closed. Colton sighed as he resigned himself to the robbery, Stet shown standing before them in the cargo hold. All that you own now belongs to Kh-

There was a sound like a cannon and he felt himself pulled backwards before the grip released, his mask splattered with gore. The woman didnt get one word off before Stet fired twice more, one shot tearing off her arm and another destroying her throat. Both bandits were dead before they felt floor.

Why didnt you just say it was pirates?! Stet asked, standing in front of him with a huge, smoking revolver, three barrels freshly emptied. His eye glowed red before the cap folded down and screwed back in, disguising it completely. His skin practically glowed in the dim hold, pale beyond reason. I can handle that!

Colton felt his respect for the man increase tenfold.

If we survive the storm, Ill thank you properly with ale. He moved past the reloading spacer, passing the crate hed paid them so much to carry. An ornate, gilded limbed droid sat inside. Gift for some Ore-Lord in the city of Satsuna. The damn bandits probably wouldnt know what to do if they stole it. Parhoon, how close.

Too close. Her black hair was tied up in a bun, visor down as her hands kept steady at the controls. He slipped into the seat beside her, careful not to touch anything. The craft began to shake from the fury of the wind outside. He heard boots above them, a reminder that he had not taken care of all their guests. At least the storm would solve that. Might not make it.

What?! But we-

Stet, calm down, Parhoon can do it. He looked at the map on their console, zoomed in as far as it could be and still the red line of the stormwall sat uncomfortably close. You can, right?

Maybe.

Ten seconds, Stet muttered, parroting the readout under the map.

Parhoon?

It should bejustupahead

Seven.

Parhoon!

Hold on.

Three!

Hold.

Parhoon, tell me you-

Before he could finish, Parhoon cut the engines. The craft lurched as it rapidly went to ground, throwing them all forward. He braced instinctively for the crash. Stet screamed for his gods to save him and Colton didnt join him only because he had bitten his tongue.

They hit nothing, for the ground had vanished before them.

Parhoons hands blurred across the console, resetting everything and throwing on the engines as they fell into the ravine. Above, the howl grew loud enough to travel through the hull, winds capable of tearing metal driving sand and dust in a cloud that blocked out the sun. The second skimmer screeched, the ropes binding it to them snapping and sending it plowing into the wall. A painted bandit fell across their screen before disappearing into the dark. They skimmed down the walls of the canyon, bumping and grinding across rocks until their pilot managed to steady them, slowly bringing their fall to an arc that left them sputtering along safely above the bottom. A small stream flowed before them, the remains of a mighty river, hidden from the world. Their savior.

Hoped this was still here. Parhoon grinned at him, her visor shifting up to reveal blue eyes and wiggling eyebrows. Also hoping it doesnt get buried before were out, but if the maps right itll turn west and we can follow it till the storm ends.

Youre always right, we should be fine. Colton leaned back in the chair, sighing in relief. Hed have to treat the gunshot soon, but he could lie down for a minute first. The bar is going to hate us when we try to tell this story.

Were alive, Stet muttered behind them. Captain said this job was sure to kill me. Always believed him, buthere we are!

Dont celebrate spacer, its a long trip. Parhoon took to the controls and sent them forward, following the stream. Along a path safe for a time, but would soon open up to more bandits, more desert, and more interesting weather. If they didnt near die twice more on this trip, itd be boring.

Right, right. Still, were in this to the end now, yeah? Stet cracked a smile and both of them nodded in return. Colton checked the map, their coursed laid out before them, sure as the storm would end.

Three weeks to Satsuna.

\\\\***//

Youre telling me its a real thing.

Mala spun her drink on the table, wondering how fast she could get it to go before it spilled. Shed had time to test it, going faster and faster, trying different angles. Lots of time. Ikari had started grilling potential pilots early in the morning and now the sun had threatened to set without her being satisfied. One by one they trickled in, made their case, and were discarded by the fidgeting trader. Once or twice she had even been polite about it.

Not that their supply of candidates was limited. Not with this job. An old route run, single container, and with a government stamp? They could cycle through every pilot on the planet and find the first ones lining back up to get another shot. 

The problem was her partner was jumpy as a rabbit and determined for the job to go perfect. That meant finding the perfect pilot. The perfect ship. So they could get a perfect grade and have their merchants license forwarded to the planets Lords. With how often she used the word, Mala was starting to doubt she actually knew what it meant.

This job has to go perfectly, she said, stressing the word for the millionth time that day. And you swagger in here, grinning all cocky, selling me a bar tale as like fact? We have a government seal you know!

His name was Kree Baska, owner of the Farshot, and he had indeed swaggered their way. Stout and squeezed into a bodysuit which had itself been sewed to a richly embroidered clan-flag hung off his shoulders like a cape. He had the kind of face that wasnt suited for anything other than a wide grin, the kind that showed all his teeth. They stood out like ghosts, burning against the lightless void of a kinsmans skin. Dark beyond reason and fascinating to watch move.

Thered been a dozen or so today, usually very courteous. Not him. Not Baska. Hed swaggered up to them, the only way he could move, and asked a single question before the introductions even began.

Have you ever heard of outriding?

This had immediately set off Ikari.

Ive heard some long tales today, sir, but yours is the clear winner if the metric was to get us killed! Theyd of course heard of outriding. Kinsman bandits were said to do it on occasion, a quick way to move from place to place and catch greedy, foolish merchants trying the same thing. Impractical, everyone said it. First you needed to wait for a sandstorm. Then you needed to fly perfectly for hours, one mistake could send you tumbling back into the stormwall. No one passed a stormwall and lived.

It wasnt true. But theyd heard of it.

Dear lady, I assure you its no more likely to get you killed than taking the trip the normal way. His grin softened somewhat, but never vanished. I commend you for keeping your cargo and its location a secret, but enough info is out there to wet tongues and minds. Every thief and killer in the city is waiting for you to leave the Watchs patrols. Youd need a full armed convoy to get there safely now, and I think hiring one would make your profits from this negligible.

THAT quieted Ikari, a blush even spreading across her tanned face. A government license would do them no good if they couldnt buy cargo. Or starved.

Still, what youre offering, it-

Would get you to your destination almost as fast as an orbital transport and I can assure you, none of the robbers would suspect it until you were already there. He looked to the west, nose up, eyes steely as if tasting the air. Even though they were inside. Storm will hit tomorrow morning. I could get you there by the end of the day.

Malas drink almost hit the edge of the table, only to be caught by Ikari. Her free hand, drummed on the table, eyes studying the man. She was going to reject him.

I dont-

How fast? Mala suddenly asked, getting both focused on her. She casually pulled her drink back from Ikari, sipping it as Baska leaned forward, face almost splitting in two.

Here to there? Three hours. 

Malas grin matched him.

Sold.

----

This is idiotic! Ikari paced back and forth in the small hold of the Farshot, arms shaking and all the hidden shiny bits of her merchants coat clicking together as she went. Malas own clacked in what she hoped to be a soothing manner as she got up to embrace her partner.

Hes asked for a reasonable fee and the prestige alone will match whatever money we make from this. Idly, her fingers slipped back up to her dark hair, redoing it in the formal, looping braid that wrapped around Ikaris head like a crown. It wouldnt do for her to arrive disheveled. They arent expecting us for weeks, imagine the Lords face at a delivery this early!

I would prefer to be certain to see his face, we arent getting that here. She shrugged out of Malas grip and resumed her pacing, looking determined to tread a dent in Baskas craft. It left her unable to do much but sigh and lean back against the wall, gazing once more at their solitary chunk of cargo.

It was, on the outside, a standard shipping crate. Big, gray, boring. But inside sat a wondrous device called a Fabricator. A neat toy they sold for coppers in the Core Worlds. Over the comms, the Broker-Lords secretary had said they were planning to flash produce perfect copies of a thousand, thousand famous texts from all across the Arm. Make knowledge available to all in ways other than an EarthGov approved webpage. More than likely they were planning a move against their rivals and wanted to make cheap weapons. But money was money and there was enough of it for them not to care.

Were about ready to start, if you want to come watch. Baska stuck his head through the pilots door, still grinning. The Farshot shook very slightly as the wind brushed against its outside. Nothing too violent yet, but that would change. Actually, youd better come inside and sit down. Youll want to be strapped in for this.

Mala shrugged and followed him through the doors, dragging Ikari with her. Baska did indeed have chairs for them, four besides the pilots seat. Hed claimed it, bigger than the others and made of leather, humming as he went at the controls. Out before them, through the viewscreen showing the outside, sand drifted across the rocks of the cliff and the city of Varak stretched below them. Ring after ring of brown and red buildings, separated by walls and moving outward from the spaceport. Flags drifted from every tower and pole, a thousand colors and sigils, all waving the away from them as the winds rolled in.

She hadnt asked why they needed to be so high up.

Mala claimed a seat behind his left and put Ikari in the one to the right. Her partner was squirming, fidgeting to the point she had to help her with the straps before taking care of herself. Her eyes darted over the controls, as if trying to figure out how to run it so she could mutiny.

This is a bad idea. This is a really bad idea.

Dont worry so much, Mala said with a smile, ignoring the scrabbling rat of nervousness in her own guts. Either the storm kills us or we become legendary!

A good outlook to have! Baska flicked a switch and the gentle hum of the grav-drive beneath them grew into a rumbling roar, the craft rising a few more feet above the rock. He looked down at a screen, giving him atmospheric data from the weather drone hed launched earlier. A useful thing for any pilot to have though Mala doubted most used them for this purpose. Headwinds coming up, were good to go.

Were gonna die, Ikari muttered, knuckles going white against the arms of her chair. Were going to die with this lunatic and go down as Varaks biggest idiots.

Have a little faith. Mala reached over and put a hand on her shoulder. Im sure Baska wont steer us wrong.

Hes steering us into a storm!

Storms come all the time, we survived them before.

We were in a city locked in a shelter, this is different!

Well, yes, but that doesnt mean-

Brace! The Farshot suddenly rocketed forward, lurching them both back into their seats. Mala nearly had her arm ripped off before she tucked it in, Ikari screaming as the craft rattled. Baska said nothing, merely keeping a steady hand on the controls as they approached the edge of the cliff.

In the back of her mind, Mala wondered if perhaps hiring this man was a good idea as he, in all appearance, prepared to kill them all in some sort of suicidal fugue. But that was replaced with sheer terror as the man nonchalantly tapped a big, shiny button and they got to witness first hand why hed named the ship as he did.

Mala was shoved down hard as the grav-drive below them went off like a bomb. Ikari screamed her head off as Baska hummed a traveling song and tapped his fingers against the keyboard. She herself couldnt manage a sound, draining of color as the craft traveled far, far higher than regulation said they were supposed to. A part of her wondered where Baska got the parts to build an engine that could do this while the rest of her looked for a decent place to vomit. They decided to the left of her where there was nothing but floor and Ikari wouldnt see.

Wait, did youeh, Ill clean it up later. Baska shook his head, then ducked it tight down against the console as they hit the headwinds. The craft shook and tipped, threatening to go end over end as their ascent crossed paths with the arriving fury of the sandstorm. Many of the buildings below would be drawing their shudders now, locking the people away for a few hours of boredom and worry. Mala found herself envious.

Ikari kept screaming.

Now then. Baska pulled a lever, tucked beneath the main controls. There was a pneumatic hiss, hatches releasing somewhere behind them. The clink of metal followed it, joined by uncoiling rope and flapping cloth until suddenly the Farshot lurched once more, this time forward. Their path evened out almost immediately, the speedometer starting to climb. The engine below them altered its hum to something low, almost soothing.

Mala felt the pressure on her body lift as several lights turned on in the cabin, a gentle hum and an almost floaty feeling reaching her. It almost felt like when shed visited the station above Varak. Artificial gravity.

She looked to Ikari who had started, and was just as quickly stopping, hyperventilating. Her partner looked around, running a hand over her scalp and undoing some of Malas work as both pieced together what was happening.

Youryour ship she stuttered, looking at the pilot with something close to awe.

Can fly! Mala finished, struggling somewhere between terror, wonder, and glee.

Yes! Baska turned back to the, teeth glittering between the void of his skin. Third of its kind. Was a little surprised they gave it to me of all people, but I wont be complaining. Look at this! He pointed to the speedometer, already triple the listed land speed for a laden craft this size. Third, but I dont think it will be the last. Were in business!

Youre in business? asked Ikari, slowly fixing herself and returning to the same skepticism as before. Mala would likely agree with whatever she was about to say, but couldnt help craning her head to look out the viewscreen. Endless blue sky, dotted clouds, the brown dunes of the Skol Desert stretching past the horizon. Gambling with our lives is business? Your business should be getting us to our destination quickly and safely, notup here! Flying withwere those sails? Are you trusting our lives to windsails?!

Well, windsails and a modified engine. Youll get there quickly, I can assure you. And safety? Itsabout ninety percent in our favor, he admitted, some embarrassment creeping into his voice. And the prototype before this one worked! But no one would look at it the data because of how ridiculous it sounds. So we kept going after high ranking merchants until-

Youre using us as test subjects! Ikari undid the straps and burst out of her seat, approaching the man with a fire in her eyes. She stopped, finger held, trembling half an inch from his nose. Enough to make him cross-eyed. Do you have any idea how important this is?! How long we had to scrape by on water runs and bandit filled shortcuts to get the clout needed for a job like this?!

And do you know how many decades people have been working for this moment?! Baska fired back, standing. Mala thought he looked taller then, despite Ikari having a half-head on him. So much research went into this. Dozens of people are waiting for us to arrive, all of Lavidiya could be changed if this works!

I get it, Mala muttered, causing both to snap towards her. She flinched, but cleared her throat and continued. The planets climate is a mess, yeah? Slip streams and air currents keep everything grounded. Planes wont work, orbital shuttles can only land in a few places like Varak so everyone, bandits included, uses hovercraft. But a fleet of vessels like this, soaring through the skies

The whole game changes. Baskas grin returned. Smaller than before and without the slyness, but it was there nonetheless. I should have been up front in what this was, but I figured outriding a sandstorm would cover the danger. Not that it will be a factor in a moment. He turned to the viewscreen in rapture as the sails caught the slipstream, their craft now smoothly gliding through the air. It works

Ikari stayed silent for a moment, eyeing Mala. She herself nodded, smiling. A big risk to be sure, one they should have heard about beforehand. But they had taken so many to get here, what was one more?

Well, I suppose its too late to do anything about it. But I will hold you to your declaration! Baska nodded as Ikari moved up beside him, Mala moving out of her seat to join them. The three watched the sands below them, going by at great speed. A vast, imposing distance yet to cover, but one that would forever be shorter if they arrived. If this didnt earn their license, nothing would. Sure as the storm would end.

Three hours to Satsuna.