bluelizardK
There are things that you just aren’t meant to see.

As soon as I threw that burner cellphone onto Geller’s desk, I ran out of his office, through the hall, and down the stairwell to my car. I had a laptop there, and my curiosity was dueling with my common sense as to whether I open up my email or not. I hurriedly unlocked my car, sat down in the driver’s seat and took out my laptop from the unzipped computer bag. I typed in my password, and opened up my email, and took a deep breath when I saw the highlighted slot at the top of my inbox.

I prepared clicked on the email, readying one hand in case I needed to perform a quick shutdown. But I stopped beforehand.

“Let’s play a torture game.”

What did that mean? I was split, half of me wanting so hard to find out, the other half wanting nothing to do with any of this. What if that email contained some sort of malware? I had some damn important files on the laptop, that I wanted very much not to destroy. So common sense won over curiosity, for now, and I decided to open the email in a public library or something instead. 

While I drove, I payed no attention to the ringing of my phone, because 1. It’s unsafe, and 2. I didn’t really want to talk to Geller right now. Not until I figured out what was in that damn email. 

“Breathe, Jan. Breathe. Probably spam. Or a practical joke, one of the two.”

So, the card was found in the unopened chamber. So what? As Geller said, no reason to think this wasn’t a big hoax. Could have easily been set up, easily been doctored in some way. After all, you don’t find a business card in a thousand year old antechamber of Senusret II’s tomb. When I got to the library, I speed walked inside, sat myself down in front of a computer, cursing and chewing on my nails while it booted at its own sweet pace. 

When I got to my email, I lowered the volume, took a deep breath, and clicked on it. There it was, the accursed email. It had one thing, and it was a video file of some sort.

tauredvisitor.aviAccording to the tattoo intricately engraved into my forearm, I was a dead man.

I took a deep breath, and slid the flintlock into its holster. The sky was blue, but a wicked chinook cut through the bluffs, melting whatever snow had fallen the day before.

"Hey, Wicke." I called out, over the gale. "Looks like Mukwooru is saying I'll die today."

Wicke turned around and stared at me strangely, his silver locks being whipped around him as he steadied the horse post with one hand.

"The fuck are you talking about, Dion?" he said, with an air of disapproval. "Get over here, what're you talking about?"

I stepped over, my boots colliding with the slowly thawing grass. He couldn't see the array of black aces and eights that signified the Dead Man's Hand.

"Something to do with that tattoo, huh?" he murmured. "What do you see?"

"Black aces and eights." I said, frankly. "That signifies--"

"The Dead Man's Hand." he replied. "Yeah, I know. Don't have to be a gambler to know that one."

I stood there, feeling all dreamlike. To know that you were gonna die, was a feeling beyond any other in the universe. But I was a gambler, and a gambler takes his chances. He grabs fate by the horns, and who wins the struggle is entirely up to the flow of time.

"Hey, who knows." I said, as cheerful as I could muster. "Maybe it means that I'm gonna kill a bunch of reprobates today."

I knew deep down it wasn't true, though.

"I've been told you are a gambler." Mukwooru had told me. "If with resonates with your soul, I can transform your playing cards into a-- *thread of chance*. What luck is best suited to you that day, in that frame of mind, within existence, will be represented by the change in appearance."

I had chuckled, and dug through my knapsack. All the way at the bottom was a parcel, wrappings slowly falling apart. I thrust it into the shaman's hands.

"My most prized possession, but I would feel safer having it on me at all times." I told him.

"Wonderful." he remarked, examining the contents. "A full deck of playing cards. Very well. The hands, they'll represent your current state of luck. After all, it is said that the cards are tied to fate and perturbation, just as numbers and words and infinitesimal actions are."

He had held it out in front of him, over an acid green flame that gently licked at the sides of a mosaic-tiled furnace. Grasping his hands together, he had pressed deck against the bare skin of my forearm, before the deck gradually dissipated into the smoky air, bloodstained lines slowly materializing. It stung like hell, and I pulled my arm back involuntarily.

I went on my way after that, leaving the Comanche village with my government-associated partner, Wicke. We were in a search of a rogue Comanche priest who had laid waste to several nearby villages, in addition to missionaries funded by the White House. We travelled through the Front Range, the tattoo morphing each day to represent a different hand. Some were lucky, others not so much. One lucky hand, we dodged an incoming snowstorm by a day, finding refuge in a conveniently placed lodge. A more unlucky hand lead to the death of one of our horses from a nasty pair of coyotes while we were out at a rural saloon.

But now was a gambler's ultimate hand. The Dead Man's Hand, representing the end of an era, the conclusion of the thread of fate. I was rarely scared of the future, but its appearance sent a chill shooting down my spine.

"Hey, Wicke. You still willing to walk to the plains with a dead man?" I asked, clutching the holster tightly. "You never know what could happen."

Wicke was a man of God, a Christian through and through, but the Comanche tales made him listen. They scared him, a little bit. I could tell. he couldn't see the cards, but he knew the tattoo's purpose as a symbol of luck. Really though, he wasn't completely sure if the tattoo's arrangements just represented a strange set of coincidences, or if there was truly some sort of power in them. But I know what I saw in that Comanche village, right before I asked Mukwooru to engrave my forearm. Visions far beyond anything else, of fate, and random chance, and a gambler's dream. I lived by the luck of the draw, and it seemed that the cards weren't in my favor today.

"Dion-- I know you've seen more than I have, and that tattoo has been awfully helpful." Wicke said, uneasily. "But really, do you wanna believe that thing when it says you're gonna die? I mean, all this could just be coincidence, you know. Not some, power from above or something of the sort."

I chuckled softly. The tattoo said the thread of fate was cutting short for me. I really wasn't sure myself anymore, but my heart was set out on it. But what was a man to do, a man on a mission? Who finds out he's going to die that very same day?

"Let's keep going. If I die, I die." I responded. "Horses ready?"

He nodded, making way as I mounted the stirrups, sitting readily upon the animal, looking over the bluffs into the horizon at the slowly rising sun.

We began to ride, slowly at first, but gathering speed as we scaled the bluffs. Wicke behind me, cutting through the bareboned forests making our way to the priest's latest spotted location. As we rode, the trees dancing overhead in the strengthening wind, the forest began to quieten, the impact of the horses' hooves growing more quiet as the ground hardened with frost and gnarled roots.

"Wicke, wait." I halted with a sudden urgency, hearing something haunting in the distance. "Listen to that. Just take a listen."

"Vultures." he mumbled. "They're nearby, look. Circling above."

I craned my neck, and he pointed to a hollow several yards away where oversized birds flew in a frenetic circle, making occasional swoops to feast on unseen prey.

Hooves crushing the leaves, which swirled all around as the trees were whipped by the brisk winter wind, I made my way over to the hollow, where a patch ground, open to the sky, was littered with the entrails of a barely-clothed man.

"Guns out, Dion." Wicke called out. "What'd you find?"

I grasped the flintlock in one hand, looking all around for any sight of a living thing. The forest was cloaked in what seemed like a blanket of ash, the trees devoid of any color, the sun's nascent gleams barely making a splash in the ocean of grey. It was as quiet as the dead of night, with nary a call but the death-song of the vultures that flocked overhead.

The man at the middle of the hollow had been sliced open, his intestines and innards scattered about the ground around him. His eyes were ripped from sockets that stared up at the sky with an expression of what I only assumed was fear, arms spread wide like a crucifixion

"You think this is him?" I asked, unsure of myself. "You think this is the work of our renegade priest?"

Wicke gently pushed me aside, and leaned down. Ensconced by a thick root was a talisman, with hastily scrawled images drawn upon the surface in thick black ink.

"Look at this." he exclaimed. "Look. Isn't that damn familiar. They're cards. Eights, aces. Shit, this is your hand, isn't it? The Dead Man's Hand?"

But I could only gape, as the serrated knife at my throat and the familiar cock of a pistol at my head sent me into a dreaded silence.

They were all around us, and we were careless, playing around with our luck. Though I had to wonder, was I truly doomed from the sunrise? Or did our actions, our mental processes, influence our luck so that we ended in that familiar hand?

As Wicke screamed, a cloaked interloper placing a hand over his mouth, I knew that we would never know.Reaching over the side of the rickety metal bed, Vos vomited onto the floor. Taking a deep, shuddery breath, he tried to stop himself from crying again.

"Please." Vos cried out, into the dim light. "Let me go, please. I won't say anything, I promise."

The strong men, balaclavas pulled over their faces, had dragged him into the van after a moment away from his mother. One of her rare treats, a day at the carnival. He didn't know what prompted his abduction, but he remembered his mother's warnings about the "bad men of the world".

His pockets were empty. The pills that he relied on had disappeared while he floated in and out of consciousness.

"Somebody, please." he yelled out again. "At least give *them* to me. I'll die without them."

The whistling which came from down the hall alerted Vos, who put his hands up in a gesture of surrender. The man who entered the small room bore a terrific scar across his cheek, a scowl on his face. His features could just be made out by the glow.

"Hey, shut up." the man reached over and gave Vos a harsh slap on the cheek. "I'm in a good mood, so I told Ventry not to pump you full of it again. You're welcome."

Vos, still reeling from the assault, rubbed his cheek and stared down. The new tears stung at his eyes, and he was filled with a mixture of horror and revulsion. Ventry, the older woman who had shoved a dry sandwich into his face sometime before, had refused his requests to take one of the blue-ringed capsules. His whole life, his mother had requested he stand by the simple adage of "a pill a day". He didn't know *exactly* what Doctor Shaitana had prescribed them to him for, but as the hours ticked he felt sick, shaky, out of control without them.

"Mister, what do you want with me?" Vos asked softly, with tremulous breath. "I'll do anything, but tell my Mom I'm alive, please. My pills, I need them too."

Giving out another whistle, the rugged man looked back at the eleven-year old, pale and shaky, curled up on the damp and discolored sheets, and felt a twinge of pity in his stony heart for just an instant.

"Those pills, you really want them, huh?" he chuckled. "What'll happen, huh? Because it's curious, my boss made sure to tell me not to give you any medicine whatsoever until he can check you out himself. I really do wonder what my boss needs with a little wretch like you, but he paid a pretty penny to see your face."

Clutching onto the ragged shawl, Vos felt his mind racing. His eyes had dried up, suddenly, and he no longer felt the urge to vomit again. He felt as if the blood within his body was bubbling, his brain in overdrive. He hadn't been this long without the pills, more than 23 hours.

"Ventry, get the kid some food." the man called out, noticing Vos's tremulous movements. "Ventry, you fucking whore, don't backanswer me."

He stomped out at a hastening pace, leaving Vos in his place shuddering, eyes suffusing with a glowing haze. Vos spat, almost involuntarily, on the ground, the last remnants of the vomit that had wanted to rise out of his gut. The bed began to shake at his pace, the metal tremoring of its own accord.

When Ventry, her aged joints barely able to support her still hefty frame, appeared within the narrow doorway with a grimy plate of cheese and meat, she shrieked and dropped it, slowly backing away from what she saw. Vos, the bedframe morphed and molded around him like a suit of armor, the specks on the walls were ripped from their bearings and hovering around the glowing boy like a swarm of flies. In the dim light, Ventry really didn't know. Maybe they were flies.

She stood there for a good twenty seconds before recoiling and leaping behind the door frame, a faint droning emanating from the room.

"Bergen!" she called, the fear in her voice was apparent. "Bergen, something's wrong with the kid!"

Bergen, the scarred, steel-hearted brute from earlier, walked with impatience in his heel. He grabbed Ventry's arm with a harsh grip.

"Did you give him the food!?" he spat. "Did you, woman!?"

Ventry buried her face in his chest.

"Oh, my boy, I saw something else in there." she whispered. "It's not like usual, they don't always do this. He isn't on heroin or anything like that."

Releasing his mother, Bergen walked into the room, his hand on his holster eager to pump something full of lead. He stopped in his tracks as he saw Vos, slowly ascending into the air, holding a chunk of the stone floor, the metal bed frame twisted over his shoulders, behind his ears and protruding from the boy's head like a pair of antlers. He grabbed the gun, and pulled the trigger once, twice, three times in rapid succession, giving out a mix between a grunt and scream.

The bullets stopped before they hit their intended target, and fell to the floor. Bergen stared for a moment, before turning around and running, right into the wall as a metal beam penetrated his back and sent shockwaves down his spine. Ventry screamed and rushed towards Bergen, who was slumped on the ground, blood pouring out of the wound.

*“Something is happening to me.”* whispered Vos, who felt equally disoriented and powerful.

Vos was aware of his actions, yet he felt like something else was controlling him, a conscience that was speaking in his ear like a second brain. He touched the ground with his torn sneakers, and walked towards Bergen. He felt the pressure in his arm, touching Bergen lightly on the head and watching his brain matter stream from every facial orifice. Bergen’s eyeballs ripped outwards, trails of blood painting the dull eggshell wall.

Ventry shrieked once again, and backed away, disappearing around the corner. Clasping his hands together, Vos let the old woman disappear, but felt a twinge of sadness and fear as he heard another shriek and a loud gunshot.

Vos rushed down the hallway, the intangible arms around him prepared to stop any projectile that came his way.

*“No matter how many men you have, I can stop them all.”* Vos whispered again, to no one in particular.

The voice on his shoulders kept him prepared for what was around the corner, confident in his newfound abilities. He dived forward, rotating the pipes around him like a sword, but felt his vision darken as a pain in his abdomen materialized.

Boss, as he was called, gave a slight chuckle as he placed the flintlock pistol back in its holster, and kneeled down to examine Vos, out cold, the torn pieces of the bed frame and the strips of drywall still attached to his body and moving with his gentlest breath.

“Well then, well done, Vos Kincade. When I hired that thug, Bergen, to nab you, I knew this would be the eventual outcome.” Boss drawled, the armored men behind him moving forward to pick up the limp psychokinetic. “Looks like we know what happens when you don’t take your pills. But mark my words, I’ll find all of Doctor Shaitana’s patients, and I’ll make sure every psychokinetic in America is mine for the picking. My silver bullets will find all of you someday.”

He clenched his fists, and pursed his lips, before turning around, his back to the bloody scene.

"Move out, please, but take care of the specimen." he barked. "Make sure the dead grunts are out of this place and in an incinerator, please."

Kicking Ventry’s body to the side, he opened the door, and felt the chilly breeze on his face. It seemed like the winds of his revolution, just beginning to blow."Do you remember us?"

I craned my head up, and stifled a scream. A man, dressed in a neat business suit, his face nonexistent. Looking into where his features should have been only yielded a void of blankness. I took a deep breath, and yelled out for the doctor, wondering if the anesthesia was taking hold too soon.

"D-doctor Ross!? Uh, I think--" I gasped, struggling to find the words. "There's this--"

My words were met by silence. In fact, nary a sound filtered through the gaps of the door. The figure above me moved listlessly to my side, placing a hand on my head. He was warm to the touch, sending a wave of comfort and safety throughout my shivering body.

"I'll ask again." he whispered. "Do you remember seeing us? We were always there, were we not?"

Scattered throughout my life, I occasionally received glimpses of these faceless men and women. They blended with the crowds seamlessly, never uttering a word, unnoticed by the people around them. They scared me, at first. I saw them the day I first received my pacemaker, waiting in line under the glowing green sign that read, "Appointments". One walked down the road by the waterfall my brothers and I always hiked by on summer vacation, others sauntered along the vast bridges that crossed the Willamette River.

I had no explanation of what they were. But I didn't want to accept that they were anything but my overactive imagination. But as I felt that tangible surge of nostalgia through my veins, I knew I had to say something, for the first time, to one of the faceless.

*"Mama, Daddy!"*, I remember saying, one day. It had been cold, blustery, and my heart was acting up. We were stuck in traffic, my parents growing more frantic by the second. I was eight years old, old enough to have at least a notion that not everyone occasionally saw these faceless beings walking off into the distance. *"Mama, there's a lady by the car, look, look!"*

Over the *thump thump* of my heart, I saw a faceless woman weave her way through the traffic, turning the emptiness of her personage straight towards me, before drifting over the cars like some sort of phantom.

*"Not now, Bry. Not now, okay?"* Mama had said, in a half-yell. *"Ted, Ted, look, that lane's moving. Come on, get going!"*

We made it to the hospital on time. But as we rushed in, the cars in the parking lot seemed to be filled with those same beings, necks craned towards me. No one else noticed, and I didn't say a word. No one had ever believed me, and it was futile to even try. But from then on encountering them was less of a curse, and more of an inherrence. I grew to tolerate their occasional presence.

But as one did now, they had never interacted with me. I had never sought them out, those disappearing ghosts. I felt willing, though, to answer his questions.

"I've seen you-- for a long time." I nodded, the words barely slipping out of my mouth. "All over, I can't find a pattern to it. But you, you always seem to slip away. Past my grasp."

"You see, we've known you for a long time. We are what you would call-- er, psychic manifestations." the words seemed to drift out of his soul. "No one but the gifted, those with *ability*, can discern our presence."

I balked, giving out the softest of chuckles.

"You mean to say that-- I'm a psychic?" I said, hoping to awaken from an anesthesia-induced dream at any point. "That I can, I dunno, foretell the future? Move things with my mind? Like some kind of freak?"

"No, no, no. There are," the Psychic Manifestation began. "People out there, like you describe. But sometimes, people with the inclination to become a psychic. With the stirrings of energy, and we Manifestations may appear to these individuals as well. Only in certain instances, of course."

"This instance? Why have you been so constant in my life?' I asked, rubbing at one eye. The figure failed to disappear.

"See, we can appear to you when there is a risk of death. For example, during an attack of your heart condition, perhaps, waiting in the hospital." it continued. "Or perhaps on a high bridge with a nearby drunk driver, or a waterfall after the autumn rains have carved mudflow paths across the bluffs. See, fate is heavily linked to the idea of psychic capability, as one can naturally assume."

My heart pounded in my chest.

*If one is here now, then that can only mean--*

Glancing at the door, I could see more Manifestations gathered just outside the operating room, some wearing scrubs, others wrapped in thick bandages. I turned back to the neatly-dressed Manifestation whom I was conversing with.

"If all these Manifestations are here now, does that mean--" I asked, a slight hint of panic in my voice. "That I'm going to die during this surgery? It's a routine procedure, it's practically a checkup at this point."

It shook its head, neck turning towards the door.

"No. Not the surgery." it whispered. "But rather, what comes after. Do you know how many closet psychopaths businesses and institutions hire every day? You see, there's a new nurse on shift in this part of the hospital. Judging by fate, he'll be pumping you full of succinylcholine during your recovery process. You see, it's a relaxant, and no one's going to suspect a thing."

I shook my head in panic. I didn't want to believe this figment of my imagination, not yet. Not now.

"Is there anything you can do?" I asked, trying to hide the strains of frenzy in my voice. "Can't you do something?"

"That's fate." the Manifestation said, as it drifted through the ceiling. "Now that you know of it, it is your job to circumvent it."

The noise of hallway outside once again filtered through the room, as the specters disappeared and I realized the flow of time returning to normal.I instinctively clenched my fist as the words came out of his mouth.

I looked at him, right into his eyes. Silently begging him not to it, telling him that there would always be a way. We were Robin Hood, and we were founded on the very ideal that there would always be hope. Our pistols were empty, hanging loosely off of torn holsters. My leg was hit, he was right in front of me, pistol to his head, a slight smile on his face. Too far for me to reach, as the boulder that served as our shield was pummeled by a barrage of bullets.

I reached towards him, but his mind was made up. The last whispers exited his body, remnants of what he said to me.

"We ain't getting out of here alive, not both of us. So, I'm going ghost, only because it has been a real pleasure working with you."

I wasn't embarrassed that tears stung my eyes as he fell to the floor, still twitching with the final spasms of life. I mean, he was my partner. We rode together, we robbed together. *Robin Hood*, we called ourselves. Stealing from the filthy rich who thrived off of the suffering of others, and giving it back to the poor. Well, some of it, at least. I couldn't pretend that we were all chivalrous in our theft, but I had never seen him, in spite of all those bullets and pistols that we carried, empty any of them into another person. He preferred to punish via money, hitting them where it hurt the most.

The trickle of blood exited his forehead, and rolled down the small glen towards the horde of Lord Frederick Owensby's most ruthless mercenaries. At least thirty of them, armed, firing, taking in our helplessness. Even if by some miracle either of us managed to get a shot off, we would be retaliated against in full and fearsome fashion.

I slumped over by the boulder, and prepared to die. The words echoed in my brain-- I'm going ghost.

*His unique Gift, maybe?* I thought to myself as the artillery fire echoed in my ears. *They should have killed me by now, if they had any sense at all.*

It had been Robin Hood's toughest job to boot. The righteous thief, striking at a vile private sanctuary owned by a oligarch who hunted endangered animals and operated inhumane diamond mines.

"Think about it." my partner had said to me. "Think of the statement we would be making. We steal from his personal sanctuary, a gilded puzzle piece given to him by the Sultan of Brunei. He's too much of a narcissist to put it anywhere but in the open, and I have a few friends who would be willing to help us crack the thing."

It was those same friends who told Owensby's crown guards about the plan before it had even occurred, for a gorgeous sum of money, of course. If there was ever a time to use those bullets, it was on those degenerates. We had broken into the cage ring next to the puzzle piece exhibit, where large, imported granite boulders carved into the ground provided ample footing for some of the endangered birds that roamed the premises. In the distance, there was a noise. Growing steadily louder, I was unnerved. I told him that we should abort the whole thing, but to escape then would have been so difficult.

"Keep at it, Ollie." he told me, his eyes dancing ferociously. "We can't stop. Not now. Robin Hood always comes for His target."

Leaning on the blood streaked boulder, I wished I had convinced him to turn back. To see another day. But he, he *was* Robin Hood. He epitomized the righteous thief. I was in it for the money for so long, but he always put the message first. There was never a theft without a note, quill stabbed into it, the seal of thief scrawled hastily in the corner.

I looked over at his body, and saw it start to tremble, to shake ever so slightly. It was seconds away from my death, seconds after his own bullet pierced through his brain. He shook, his arms flailing around, before something came out. Something incorporeal, like a breath in the cold or a puff of ocean mist. The fire of the artillery stopped, before I peeked around the boulder to see every man on their knees, eyes wide and suffused with red, weapons at their feet and slowly emptying out on their own accord. I closed my ears, they rang and ached even in the piercing silence.

*Was this his Gift?* I thought to myself. He always talked about how he was special, Gifted with a death beyond compare. Was this what he meant? He always told me that.

"Ollie, even after I die." he explained, while hastily scribbling in a tattered journal. "I'll send a message. Promise. I can't prove it yet, but if I'm lucky you'll see it someday".

I didn't really listen at the time. I thought he meant the whole philosophy of our group. Robin Hood, what we stood for. Emancipation for the poor, justice for the oppressed.

"Oliver, when I die, you'll survive." he made me repeat after him. I refused, calling him a moron.

But as the vapor swirled around, entering the open mouth of the thirty soldiers who looked to the sky in the greatest demonstration of fear that I had ever seen, I wondered if his Gift truly did mean a death without compare. His body, laying there, began to shrivel up and dissipate into more clouds of the unholy gas, as the screaming grew louder, and louder. I found myself growing more tired as each second passed by, until I passed out, oblivious to the mist which stung at the throat, eyes, and souls of our attackers.

I woke up in bed. Bedsheets neatly done, untouched and familiar as familiar gets. Something was different. It was his journal, lying on the nightstand, flipped open to a new and completely untattered page.

Neatly scrawled in new ink on the page, was the following:

"Keep at it, Ollie.""I wonder if you Frenchmen have heard this story? One of an indomitable Sky-Man of the swampland forests?"

Mathias Gandreu, his legs bound in thick shrouds sripping with ointment, sat within a Choctaw hut, his rapt attention on a shaman named Chochokpi, who spoke stilted yet perfectly understandable French. It was his tenth day in the village after his canoe was carried by the rapids of an incoming storm straight into murky depths which ripped open his legs and drove disease into his lungs. A couple of Choctaw healers retrieved his bruised body, and set him to heal on the floor of a log hut.

"Yes, continue." Gandreu urged, gesturing with one hand. "It becomes obvious to me that we are woefully uneducated on the affairs of this brave new world."

The shaman had been the only man in the village capable of understanding Gandreu's feverish ramblings. The sigil of a French exploration camp had been the accessory that had survived the river's ravaging.

"No. We mustn't harm this one." Chochokpi had said, when asked of the ailing Frenchman's fate. "The stars do not align that way. We'll heal him, and send him on his way, back where he came from."

There were smatterings of protests and indignations upon his answer. The chieftain had raised his hand to silence the masses, and addressed Chochokpi personally, with hints of uncertainty in his booming voice.

"Chochokpi, loyal one, I do not doubt your foresight." the chieftain began. "But to send this-- this white man, this foreigner, back where he came from? To bring more of his kin? That man, that foreign snake De Soto brought ruin upon the other tribesman. You wish for more of the same?"

"O Chieftain, I understand your concern." Chochokpi had responded. "But I have dealings with the white men. They are often fickle, but most importantly are deterred by showings of strength. Yesterday, Kal-El came to me in a dream. The boy promised me that no harm would come to us as long as he existed. And as long as those "weapons" from Those Above are still kept by our people."

The warrior Tantos, upon hearing Chochokpi's reasoning, had stepped forward in further protest.

"So, you wish to tell them of these weapons? About the Miracle from Those Above? This will only fuel their need for war." Tantos spat. "You have mingled too much with the white men, O Chochokpi. I trust your wisdom, but believe that the best course of action would be a swift spear to the brain. Out with and ended."

Chochokpi, head shaking, had given out a small chuckle.

"Tantos, if I may excuse myself, you are in the wrong." he said in a barely a whisper. "I received a vision that I cannot deny. It was the word of the Miracle, the word of Kal-El. He told me that I should not by any means kill this man, because this man has a quality. I have known about this visitor for a long time now, and he will be healed. And trust me, he will not be going anywhere."

Now, the shaman spoke in hushed tones to the still broken Frenchman.

"About ten years ago-- there was a great light in the sky. Like some great sun, in the abyss of night." Chochokpi explained. "After that, a great explosion. Warriors were sent out to comb the whole forest, and they happened upon an object, made of a material from the Sky itself."

"A-an alien? Something from God's realm?" asked Gandreu. "What of it? Do you still possess this artifact of God?"

"Yes, but there was something else. From the Sky, I am saying." Chochokpi gestured with his hands. "A Miracle. A child, who looked, who spoke, who lived just like us. He was a man of the Earth, no doubt, but he came from the Sky. We called him the Miracle, and gave him a special place in the tribe, protected and revered. At the time, I was in a French merchant's village near Mississippi land. When I returned, this little Miracle was being harbored not far from my village."

Gandreu pondered the story for a moment. A child of God itself, it fascinated him, and filled him with hope at the same time. He had been mulling over God, while immobilized within the small hut. Apart from reflecting on his eventual fate. He had wondered whether the Choctaw would kill him, yet he knew that if he went back to the same Frenchmen who had tied him down to a canoe and pushed him into the storm driven streams his fate would be the same. He had left, to his greatest regret, his sigil of Christ behind, dragged out of his tent by his captors. He dared to speak out against the evils that his kinsmen were capable of, but they were unwilling to let him send a messenger back to the mainland.

"So, as I continue, the little Miracle has grown into a strong young man. But not, not exactly a man. A Sky-Man, to speak." Chochokpi said, his eyes widening. "He can lift the trunks of trees, he can fell grown men with a swift blow, and he can bend spears. He is the instrument of a Greater Being from the Sky, come here to Earth. Not three weeks ago, before your arrival, a grand monument of brightness, towering high above the clouds, energy that gives visions and strength and everlasting vitality. I do not know his purpose, but only that I wish to fulfill what these visions foretell, and I believe that you, Mathias Gandreu, are different from the rest of your people."

Gandreu closed his eyes, and sighed for a brief moment. He begged to grasp the symbol of Christ that he had left behind, it was his closest path to God. He wished to speak out against the atrocities his fellows committed for the sake of God's justice, yet it had brought him nothing but ruin. But he felt something different, something like the light of day in a dark catacomb.

"I... I cannot return to my people. They no longer want me." Gandreu confessed, slowly. "But I want to see this Miracle of God. I am an explorer, but the path I ultimately wish to chart is the one that leads to His Heavenly Gates. I take this as a sign, if you speak the truth. I have nowhere left to turn, anyways."

"Mathias Gandreu," Chochokpi began. "I believe that you can teach our Miracle about the world outside of the Choctaw. I have seen his fate in the visions I have been given, and it is not just limited to this village. I want you to teach him the languages of the other people, and I want you to take him, someday, to the world in which you came."

Gandreu nodded, feeling something welling up in his heart, and held out his hand. The shaman grasped it with his.

"When your leg is healed," he said. "We shall go and see Kal-El, the Miracle from the Sky."I cannot believe it. Just knowing that one person enjoys my work is so fulfilling and mindblowing. So thank you all so much, and I hope you stick around!"They called them *homo sapiens*, common name humans."

The council sat as still as stones, a look of cold curiosity on their faces. Nair admitted that he balked under their calculating stares. This was Lehman Science Institution's most respected congregation of people. Individuals with unimaginably powerful supercomputers morphing within their heads, spreading tendrils through every speck of organic matter.

But Nair was armed with a weapon more powerful than anything he could muster-- that of a primordial knowledge that seemed to him, nearly pious. He took another breath, and stared down at the stack of papers that were kept stable by a gently oscillating energy field. Taking one sheet by its soft and glossy edge, he flipped the page, cleared his throat, and continued to read.

To him, the universe, Planet Shano, was uncertain, to a point. Things were unsteady, the flow of fate unabated yet filled with perturbations that disturbed him. To Nair, research on the primordial was a holy task, one that flowed through his veins, that propped his head up and filled his eyes with gold.

"The humans descended into the Spica Realm after riding the space-waves for years on their disjointed planet, *Gaia*." Nair explained. "They created an artificial sun, which can be seen in the fifty-four folios that were found in Locard's Ruins several years ago. It was likely that they arrived on the moon Archioveres years later, and began to write the records that I used for my research."

Sossiverus Eclipse bore a Gift known as Foresight, which made him particularly feared among the Shano communities. He could see several seconds into the future, a premonition. It juxtaposed particularly well with his adept knowledge in energy manipulation supercomputers, which led him to immense government success. Eventually, the man found his way to Lehman, and joined the fearsome council. As he sat up on the bench, he felt the energy swirling about the researcher. There was no doubt that he too had a Gift.

"Now, I must inquire," Sossiverus began, slowly unfurling the coils of his sleeves. "Tell me earnestly, what is your Gift?"

Nair gave a gentle smile. His Gift was the supplement that made his research possible, yet was also the inspiration for his life-long quest. During an early vacation to Shano's so-called Outer Lands, playing around in a silent forest with a group of kinsfolk, he stumbled across a primitive fort chiseled into the ground. The young were fascinated with the spokes that stuck out of the mud, jagged edges pointing out like knives. But Nair was busy with the pile of parchment that was neatly tucked into a hollow of dry dirt, which he began to read. He found himself able to understand every single word, every single line and slash that seemed to make little sense in the first place.

*We the people--*, read the strange pieces of parchment. Over and over and over. Scrawls of a massive sun in the sky, sending down rays of melting light. A planet like a spacecraft, floating through oceanic space.

It was around the time that they found the first folios in the nearby Locard's Ruins. There was little known about what primitive species lived on the Shano planet before their creation, but no doubt they had died off long ago.

"I can understand any written language. Doesn't matter what species, what planet." he replied. "If I can read it, I know what it means."

The council nodded in agreement, as Nair exposed his forearm, revealing the teardrop mark indicative of a Gifted.

"May I continue?" Nair asked, softly.

"By all means." came the reply.

"The humans are the arrow. They pierced the artificial sun." Nair continued. "The sun's remnant energy somehow became malleable with the space energy, and the influence from the artificial atmosphere they had created. They-- became the original Doshiri, which became the hundreds of tiny cells which formed into tangible shapes that we call our Shano."

There were murmurs. Wide-eyed, the council turned back to Nair. Their attention was certainly his now.

The Doshiri, bipedal, ravenous creatures, which roamed the pathless plains before the Shano even existed. Creatures with little intelligence, yet who roamed far and wide, their brains slowly growing supercomputers from the impacts of the new atmosphere on their semi-organic bodies. The false sun had given them a gift far beyond with they could have imagined.

Indeed, the very first folios described a race of quasi-intelligence beings, the first Shano, who were vaguely aware of the amorphous blobs that grew out of their heads, and protruded from their ears. Yet, the enzymes and "humors" that floated in the blood of those primordial and ancient humans still flowed within the lifeblood of some early Shano. the gifted, Shano like Nair and Sossiverus Eclipse. Those who had the potential to conjure flames, read into the future, and even manipulate reality itself.

While Nair was reading into the origins of every species, the progenitor of the planet, he was also reading into himself. The reasoning behind the teardrop on his forearm. It assured him, it soothed him, like the universe singing him praises.

"Now, let me tell you--" Nair said, resolutely. "How the humans left us their Gifts."Macchiero gave out a horrible gurgle, shaking in his stasis pod so that the infinitesimal waves of energy surrounding him trembled.

His pale, scaly skin was suffused with a red tint, which spread peals of heat throughout his body. The medics that were in charge of him and the seven other members of the *Philemon* frantically eyed the charts, watching Macchiero's body temperature increase by the second.

The distress call came from the small trans-universal spacecraft just before it docked at Glieseoid's Subtra-B terminal. A crew of slippery-skinned, shuddering, and collapsed crew-members were found in a heap by the pilot's seat. The craft was sealed off with the same equipment used for any containment incident, but as the aides who first happened upon the craft fell ill, Scaroth forces began to panic.

In the secure facility, Macchiero and his crew, who had travelled in the *Philemon* to a mysterious, being-made facility known as Luna-One, were dying of what the Scarothan authorities were calling the Pale Horse. This wasn't any ordinary molting sickness. This wasn't scaly rot, or even some sort of biochemical attack. This was something entirely different. The scientist examined the thick, yellowish bile that came up from the throats of the stasis-induced crew, under strict containment. They could not determine anything of the sort that existed on Glieseoid.

Macchiero shrieked, and for the first time since he took ill gave out a yell. It was more of a shriek, and the aides noticed that his body temperature temporarily returned to normal levels, his heartbeat decreasing in intensity. An aide entered the room, placing a gloved hand on the button and discharging the field of energy temporarily, letting the captain loll back his head. Scales, temporarily back to their original color, were still pulsating as if they were being continually filled with energy.

He raised a shaking arm, pointing out towards the door. The aide inside adjusted his own containment mask, before returning to his task of observing Macchiero's behavior. The Scarothan heaved, and spat out his words in gurgle.

"Stasis chamber, new target, new containment." he groaned. "Stasis chamber, new target, new containment, source."

Gesturing to his colleagues who observed the scene through the heavy duty glass, the aide gently watched Macchiero cough and wheeze, as the host of tubes connected to him shuddered to life with another regiment of cooling-energy. They had no specific ability to take care of the mysterious heat-inducing Pale Horse, but they were willing to try anything in an attempt to keep it in check. If all else failed, the orders were clear.

"Termination, followed by vaporization. If all else fails, that is what you must do." the aide remembered his superior saying. "This is no ordinary sickness, no bioweapon that we have experienced."

Outside the room, the colleagues of the lone aide deciphered the disjointed words Macchiero managed to mumble. *Stasis chamber, new target, new containment*.

The stasis box that was found in the *Philemon*'s secret containment chamber hours later was carefully wheeled into a separate safe room, with a horde of hazard-suit clad authorities ready to take the cover off. As the metal was slowly stripped away, within the stasis liquid was something strange, something entirely different.

Skin smooth, nose not like slits but raised and sculpted. Hair lining the face and the eyes like shadows, ears that protruded out like bells. A chest curved and slightly raised, with ribs that created grooves on the soft surface. Legs spread out, expression serene. The breathing was quiet, tired, and rhythmic. Warm to the touch, as warm as Macchiero and his group were in the hospital sector.

*What is this creature?*

Perhaps the galaxy would soon come to find out, but if this was the fiend that spread the Pale Horse, the Scarothans were not eager to know.My uncle Rolf was always considered an oddball amongst the people of Glen River. The rumors that swirled around the parochial little town only intensified after he died. In confidence, my aunt, who had divorced him many years earlier, told me it was like a breath of fresh air for the community.

I travelled up to the place after the funeral, so we could clean out his gothic manor, which towered over the little houses, standing like a bastion atop an elevated ridge.

"He had a lot of power over the folks in Glen River," my aunt had reiterated. "There was something to him that really scared and awed people. Nothing criminal, but I reckon he was into some strange things that he continued with after I left. I can't say that he was hated, but I never thought he was really liked, either."

My aunt's words echoed in my mind as I shivered in the lofty halls, worker after worker bring out large boxes with labels hastily scrawled on their sides. The bannister was caked in dust, and the gossamer strands tumbled to the floor with the slightest brush of my hand. Aunt Ruby had sent me alone to Glen River, for reasons uncertain to me. From the moment I drove past the "Welcome" sign that was half-rotten and signified the subtle township line, I felt the same feeling of bottled-up silence that my aunt had told me about.

"God rest his soul." Father Bansley of the Glen River Parish had announced, as I sat in the cramped confines of his office, which was overrun by books and stained documents. "He was a, ahem, good man. I'm afraid that in his last days he was far from Christ, far from the Parish, you know. He *was* a man of the lord, Miss--?"

"Just Mirabelle, thank you." I had interjected. "Were folks scared of him, around here? I'd only met him a couple times. I always likened him to an oversized walrus."

Bansley had looked around, clutching the tarnished silver cross hanging around his neck just a little harder.

"I'd hate to be the one spreading rumors, but in a small town like this," he pursed his lips. "Things get around the grapevine real fast. Rolf was always a strange man, and he kept to himself when he wasn't askin' for favors. But you see..."

He leaned closer, and gave a little whisper, mixed in with a slight hiccup.

"People always obliged."

The paintings in Uncle Rolf's home were, to me, not the kind one would hang. Surrealist pictures, sharp self-portraits with eyes that seemed to peek out at all angles. As I would round one corner, making a note of the peeling wallpaper, the eyes would look me in the soul and I felt I had no option but to turn away.

*I wonder, did he have a heart attack after being surprised by one of these eyes?*

The bountiful trinkets and tablecloths, mantle-pieces and pictures, were taken out, leaving the house as an empty shell with no inhabitants. I sent Aunt Ruby a message: the job was done, and I would be returning to Alexandria. I wasn't unhappy to leave the paranoid little village.

Last though, was a series of boxes from the musty attic, which a worker set down with a great thud on the hardwood floor in the foyer.

"What's that?" I asked, as I gently ran my hand over the cardboard. The label on the side read something nigh undecipherable. "What does it say?"

"Beats me." the man replied. "It was already here when we cleaned the place out. Must be one of old Rolf's trinket collections. God knows that he loved those."

I opened the flaps, and took out one of the wrapped pieces enclosed within. I tore off the fragile paper.

It was a glass ball, transparent and reflective. I surveyed it, holding it out to the light that streamed in through the partially covered window. A name was engraved onto it.

*Edward Williamson*

I gasped slightly as my fingers slipped, and the sphere tumbled to the floor, separating into large shards of glass. As it cracked, I could have sworn it gave out a shriek. A chill ran down my spine, as a faint breath of mist emanated from the broken relic.

Outside, I heard a series of screams. Roars. A wail.

"Ed, no, Ed. Stay with me, Ed, oh Lord, stay with me."

I thought to myself at that moment.

*What curse did my uncle have on this little town?*We don't do murders anymore.

Well, they aren't possible, by many realms. The only real way to kill a man after the Nanomachine Supplantation of 2467 is by methods far too extreme, expensive, and frankly improbable for any common individual to pursue. We humans could still feel pain, of course, but our bodies were robust and durable. Humans could be hurt in other ways. Theft, rape, torture, fraud, etc. A perfect society, however, is practically impossible to craft, and thanks to that facet of human civilization, I still have a job.

I'm Mitch Hargrave, of the CPD's Android Theft Division. Since the nanomachines were uploaded into the very genetic code of *Homo Sapiens Sapiens*, 75 years ago, Androids had only increased in importance to society. We use them to perform basic actions, and of course, to do the Culling. Overpopulation was a concern, since humanity was practically immortal, so those who were the oldest of the old allowed themselves to be Culled, sent to a host of civilizations away from Earth, such as Mars, Luna, and an asteroid known as Dantalion. Anyways, Androids were very much at risk of being stolen, and it's my job to determine who stole them, why they did so, and where they are.

It was February when I received what would become my strangest case to date. A recent snowfall had coated Chicago in a blanket of white, and the buildings looked so beautiful, so picturesque. A call came in, maybe around noon, as a big plume of smoke shot up over the skyline. The fire department arrived first, and doused the flames. A blaze at a local penthouse, which was considered the best of the best in terms of one-night rentals for parties and get-togethers and whatnot. I received a call just an hour or two after.

"What do we have here?" I asked when I arrived, my coat flapping behind me as I moved from the wintry chill into the stuffy and lightly chemical penthouse air. "Detective Hargrave, Androids is my speciality."

There were a group of firemen and patrol officers congregated around an open door. The superior in charge stuck out his hand, and grasped it, giving it a hearty shake.

"Desmond Wicks, pleased to meet you." he grinned. "Called you as soon as we could, you're the best of the best, they say. There's an Android gone, alright."

"Say, Mr. Wicks, mind showing me this thing?" I pulled out my notebook, unclasped the pen from the bindings.

Wicks moved his hands in a gesture of leadership, and I followed him into the small room as he shooed the crowd of blues away. As they dispersed, the issue became clear to me very fast.

A mount, still pulsing with energy and about twenty feet tall, indented into the wall. Torn wires and serrated cords lay in disarray at the base of the structure. Burn marks led out in strange patterns across the walls, leading into the bigger living room that we had been standing in moments earlier. A symbol was etched into the middle, two prongs and a circle.

"Big Android, to say the least." I began, taking a step forward to look at the char lines and the ripped appliances. "Looks like it was practically torn out. You find any sign of it here?"

"Well, if we had, we wouldn't have called you, right?" he said. "Signs of Pulse Fluid in the hallway outside, but other than that this gigantic-ass Android was completely taken from the location."

I gave a light whistle. I knew that it would have taken a lot of effort to do something like that. To lug out a ten foot tall Android through a penthouse and somehow get it all the way down to the bottom floor would be difficult, especially to hide.

"Judging by Pulse Fluid emission patterns and char marks, this one's a powerful machine, as well." I said. "We have to get the lab to do more work on that, but that's my preliminary judgement on the thing."

I looked at the mount for several moments, and then back to Wicks.

"Who was renting this thing?" I asked.

"Oh, same guy has been renting this place for the past three months. Calls himself Mr. Hathaway and paid almost $300,000 in cash, with numerous $9,999 increments." he explained. "No face, no name, and no paper trail that we know of."

Rich, mysterious man, harboring some sort of Android within a rented penthouse, only to have it stolen months later. Why? More importantly, who stole it, and how were they connected to this, "Mr. Hathaway"?

"Oh, one more thing." Wicks rushed out, and I followed him out back into the living room.

Laid out on the table, ready for the lab technicians to remove, was a piece of paper. Unblemished, untouched, and perfectly blank save for the same prong and circle symbol that had been on the Android mount in the other room.

"We have no idea what it means."

Only a week later, I received something in the mail. A manila envelope. Sitting down at my dining table to tear it open, I pulled out a piece of paper, with a familiar prong and circle mark stamped out on the front. I drew in a breath, and flipped the slip over. It bore a single address--

*0121 Rockford Av. Byline, Jefferson Ardue Storage #1219A*

There had been no lead on Mr. Hathaway's identity, nor on the individuals responsible for the theft. An elevator attendant claimed he saw two sunglasses-wearing individuals in the elevator moments before the smoke began to billow, but that didn't explain how they were able to remove such a hefty piece of cargo without being seen.

Myself, Wicks, and a few coppers were out to Rockford and the storage facility mentioned by the mysterious letter I had received. The posting address? *Mr. Hathaway*. It was too specific to be a coincidence, too private to be a copycat. The mud was dry and ground frosty still as we asked the storage facility operator for the key.

"Official police business." Wicks ordered, flashing his badge. "1219A, please."

He obliged, returning after a few moments of searching with a generic key and tag, 1219A hastily scrawled on in sharpie.

"What's the name registered?" asked Wicks. "Exacts please, and no cop-outs, I mean it. Don't care if you're 180 years old by this point."

"Uh, it's--" the attendant surveyed a thickly bound binder. "Mr. Hathaway. That's it. Pays in cash only."

"It's the guy, damn it." I said. "Our thief, or at least, connected with him."

Opening the storage locker, we moved into the musty room. Everything save for one large box was covered in months' worth of dust. Wires jutted out at every angle.

"This is an Android." I announced. "Defunct, but it used to be one. I'll open it."

Grabbing it by the top, I pushed and then lifted the covering off. My heart sank immediately, and my breathing became heavy.

"Fuck." I yelled, my tone becoming higher. "We'll need a few more over here."

"What is it?" Wicks asked apprehensively. "What do we have to be worried about?"

Inside the box, which was bloodstained and caked with dirt, was a head, serrated flaps of skin hanging over the stump neck. The eye was replaced by a bullet wound, and a small piece of paper was attached to the side. I was old enough to remember what a "murder" was, and this was one. A "murder". Someone had died, more importantly, had been killed by another human being.

"Wicks, please go get backup." I said, softly. "Now. This is a murder scene."

His eyes widened, and he backed away, beckoning the others to follow. Murder was practically legendary in society. It was a thing of years long before, spoken in hushed whispers.

I picked up the paper attached to the side of the defunct Android, and unfurled it. I read out the words.

*"I am the Alpha and the Omega. Come to Gethsemane."*

Below it was the symbol I had come to know, the prongs and the circle.

That was two weeks ago. Now, the city has been shaken by a legendary, historic, and terrifying event. A murderer was on the loose, for the first time in years. An Android was missing, one that was potentially revolutionary in design. And someone wanted the world to listen.

They are listening. We are listening."So, are you here to watch, or--" questioned Denzo with a slight smile on his face. "Do you expect us to leave the Hemisphere to your motley little crew?"

He sat down on a nearby rock, observing the Tsuchigumo intently. If their intention was to begin a summoning, it simply would not do. Tonight was a night of dreams, a night of realization.

A mask hiding his face, a man stepped forward and bowed slightly, yet kept his face up, a pair of shimmering eyes peering from within little slits. Denzo likened the Tsuchigumo Elders to oversized spiders dancing on two legs. For some reason, they never seemed stable, physically and otherwise.

"No need for conflict, O unfaithful ones. There's a shrine known as Kobala just several miles from here." the man nodded. "You may do your rituals over there. We've made arrangements with the keepers of these grounds already, and not to mention the adept preparations."

Denzo stood up, and he could see a line of mask-clad, slowly sauntering cloaks emerge out of the treeline, heads bowed, carrying burlap sacks in their arms. He turned around. The rest of his people would be there soon, and a fight over the usage of Karma City's most selective summoning shrine wasn't ideal.

"You're mistaken, my friend. We've made reservations here already." Denzo reached into the pocket of his feathered coat and fished out a small wooden scroll, which he handed to the man. "Just read. As I was saying, you can watch, or perhaps take your burlap babies over to Kobala."

A wooden staff extended past Denzo's shoulder, and he felt a chill run up his spine.

"Denzo, we don't have time for this bullshit." came the whisper in his ear. "Get them to leave, and let's begin. A night this auspicious doesn't happen for another-- five years. You know the social revolution cannot come soon enough."

Denzo gave a militaristic nod, and extended his hand.

"I suppose you've read the scroll?" he asked, coolly.

The Elder wrapped the parchment back into its wooden shell, and dropped the contraption into Denzo's hand. The sound of dreambeats echoed in the distance, and Denzo knew that his group was nearby.

"Yes, I read it. And I say we obtain this space fair and square, for we too have a reservation." the Elder chuckled. "Same time, same place. Take a gander, O unfaithful one."

The Tsuchigumo unveiled an identical scroll with a swift motion of his cowled hand, and Denzo grabbed it, unfurling it as he read the faint text.

*How bothersome*, he thought to himself. *They really do have one. But to Hell if they think we're going to hand over the Hemisphere, the most sacred summoning shrine in the city, on the most auspicious eve.*

"It seems you have one, huh." Denzo dropped the scroll back into the Tsuchigumo Elder's hand. "But so do we. It seems like we either take this one by diplomacy, or by force. I await your action."

Looking over behind the man, he saw a sea of faces staring at him, eyes like faint flames in the darkness, overshadowed by the thousand pines that stood like bastions over the scene.

Denzo pulled up his sleeve to reveal the teardrop tattoo on his forearm. He saw the masked Tsuchigumo Elder's eyes widen through the little peepholes. Clenching his fist, he raised his hand, displaying the tattoo to the amorphous blob of cloaks and eyes.

"Ah. So it appears diplomacy may be our only option." the Tsuchigumo Elder whispered softly. "It appears that somehow, by some benefactor, you have a Gift."

The Gift, a highly-sought, enigmatic, and dangerous ability given out by benefactors. Only select individuals, the faithful and the subservient, the rich and the powerful, received such an ability. Denzo was fortunate enough to be blessed at an early age by the very God he was due to conjure on the cold, oblivion night.

"Care to find out what my Gift is?" Denzo whispered, stepping closer to the Elder. "Care to discover why my Tear's Mark is blood-red?"

Both men stood their ground. On one edge, the horde of masked acolytes, burlap sacks still in their hands, watched without a single whisper or movement. The other side, clad in white robes that stretched past thickly bound wrappings, Denzo's group, marching to a drumbeat, came into site, scaling the ridge overlooking the shrine.

"Fine. I choose--" the Elder took a breath. "War. Because--"

He exposed his forearm, a dark-blue teardrop etched into the pale skin.

"I too have a Gift. I was blessed by the Great Tsuchigumo when I was a mere child. He bends me to His will."

Denzo felt the heat rise up, and the licks of flame at his fingertips. This was going to be a fight, that was for sure.*"Blessed be the ocean that carries us on our way."*

That was the last thing Camilla Carriveau said to me before slipping into an everlasting coma. I couldn't bear to wait for her to waste away all that time ago, so I left her side quickly, taking only the remnants of our love and tokens of our friendship. For years I checked in on the little town of Sains Montesquieu, praying to God that I would find her awake and well. Eventually, I stopped. At first out of my own free will, and then out of a wicked twist of fate that left me undying and cursed to walk on the Earth forever more.

I found myself in America in the early 19th century. I remember crawling out of beer-bruised shipping crates, my nails caked with grime, spitting out blood onto the dirt floor of a shipyard. I barely remembered anything for the first few months. Only that I had participated in a so-called *groupe de mort* in a broken down chapel. That I lived with a maiden named Camilla, who breathed sunlight and showered gold. My wrists felt bare of the silver bracelet that I had left on her bedside table, the night before riding out into the mistral-whipped plains, afraid to look back and find reason to weep. I crawled out of the crate, looked at my hands and my bare, whipped feet, and lost consciousness. From then, I was nursed back to health by an American family, and raised once more, like a blank-slated infant, as an American. But as time passed, I realized that lines ceased to appear on my face, my bones were always strong. As others changed, I remained a constant. I wondered if all the mirrors within my life were broken, or if perhaps I was in some sort of dream.

Sometime before the Civil War, was when I first tried to end my life. I climbed to the very top of a wind-battered bluff and prepared to throw myself down into oblivion. I felt my bones crack, my spine crumple as I landed on the jagged rocks, but as fast as I had fallen, the injuries reversed themselves. I was battered, but far from broken. Up until the Great Depression, I still tried to kill myself, but it always failed. I heard voices in my head, voices in my heart.

*"Darling."* came a whisper one day, within a dream. Or maybe not a dream, I really cannot recall. *"Darling."*

I awoke with a jolt. The voice was one that was ingrained into my mind, into my very soul. There was something about that voice, the enigmatic Camilla, that I had to remember, that I needed to remember. But, I barely knew my own name before my rebirth in the shipping container at the Boston Harbor. Only brief and fleeting memories about a Parisian night, cherubims with knives, a bracelet that glinted in the evening sun, and a voice which whispered to me about oceans, providence, and nostalgia.

*"Blessed be the ocean that carries us on our way."*

I was inspired. It was 1944. I was staying in a small winter lodge in Canada, working with the remnants of the stock market crash. I thrived in the open-air and winter chill that Quebec was so known for, but I think in retrospect that it was my French blood calling me back, asking me to sail the ocean that carries us on our way. I had drifted, the log I clung to churned by violent waves that led me down a different path, an eternal path. But I couldn't shake the need to discover what I had missed, who I was in my past life. Once the dream came, I knew it was the perfect time. America needed her soldiers. So I crossed over the border with a group of proselytizing jingos, joined the war effort for the fifth time in my life.

Among the haze of artillery fire and the walls of grenade detritus, I felt myself called, hopping from village to village in southern France. Normandy was just a few weeks earlier, and I had nothing to fear. My skin vomited the bullets out, the gashes on my legs closed themselves up into slits, and each time I was blinded my eyes opened themselves up again. I slept in broken homes, ate and bought from the hospitality of the villagers that nary blinked when a plane passed overhead and belched forth rolling joints of fire. At one moment, while walking through a field north of Marseilles, I heard whispers in the sky. My legs buckled beneath me, the clouds spun in mad circles. The field was on fire, tongues of flame licking at the barley until it was nothing but a trace of ashes.

*"Comment vaincriez-vous la mort?"* came the gurgle within my ear as I lay on my back, weapon at my side and unable to look anywhere but up. *"Un cadeau de dieu ou une malédiction du diable?"*

*A gift from God, or a curse from the Devil?* That was what the voice uttered in guttural French, twisting the vowels to echo throughout the fire-lit countryside. As what seemed to be far too frequent in my life, I passed out, the colors of the sky imprinting themselves on my closed eyes.

Small bed that constantly rattled as I moved in my sleep, the teacup on the bedside stand reminded me of something I had lost a long time earlier. They called the village Sains Montesquieu, and from the moment I awoke I felt like that little town was home. It was where I was meant to be, even among the Great War which warped and tore France's very fibers. I stayed there for two weeks, the injuries on my leg healing far slower than anything I had experienced within the years. The local deacon, a priest by the name of Walther Saverrine, read me stories while I rested. About a *groupe de mort* which seemed all too familiar in my mind, transforming people into vampires and chimeras in an effort to override the natural laws on humanity. About a matron, Camilla Carriveau, who bore a son while in an eternal slumber, that went on to lead the village through storms that he weathered mightily. As he read and read from that tome, the synapses connected, my mind snapped into an awakening. I remembered, felt Camilla's embrace. The child I never knew we had, the bracelet. The silver bracelet, words etched on the front. The haughty Parisian salons we planned to run off to, it seemed like fate itself that brought me to Sains Montesquieu so many years after I had left, unwilling to see the sharer of my soul wither away like a tree far beyond the margin of light.

The old priest leaned over to me, closing the tome, days before I left.

"I know who you are." he explained. "I know why you're here. You may have found immortality, but--"

He pulled his sleeve up, revealing a mark. "We did too. Your son died many years ago, but your grandson-- he lives. His children too, out in the world. He does not know who you are, but I do."

Before I left, he passed onto me a scrawled list, a tattered photograph, and Bible.

"You should leave. This town cannot handle reminders of the past." he sighed. "We must all look to the future, because that is all we have. No impermanence, only what is to come. The memory of the curse of immortality is fleeting among the generations we have spawned. But you-- you can find them. Maybe you'll find some reminders. But we cannot leave, and they cannot come."

I realized then that no planes flew over the village. It was blanketed in a perpetual, dream-like haze. I was an anomaly, an immortal not bound to a prison-like village. If I tried to drag the young woman who found me on the floor, or the old priest, through the thickets and back out onto the fields, they would stay. They had to stay. The secret was theirs to keep, and their children, vessels to spawn a new generation.

I pondered what he said. *"The memory of the curse of immortality is fleeting among the generations we have spawned."*

The curse's very existence was all but lost, now that generations and generations had been set upon the world, all from the point of origin, a single place. The photograph reawakened something that I thought had been lost to me for many years. It reawakened desire, passions, beauty. It reawakened the desire to start something, to create something new, something coveted and close to the soul.

The photograph-- it's framed in my house, near Balboa Park in San Diego, A white frame, hung on an off-white wall in a house inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright. Next to it is a Balinese mask, and a trinket from a fetish market in Ouagadougou. An Australian didgeridoo is laid across the floor, and a Vietnamese parka. The cars, they spread their noise into the veranda by each passing minute, but I don't mind. It keeps me company, it does. It's 1990. Been 44 years since World War II and I haven't aged a second.

I open the door after the shrill birdsong echoes through the hall. The woman, she's young, auburn hair, amber eyes. She does not know of the immortal village that birthed her ancestors. She does not know that her great grandfather several times over is alive in a small, nestled, and phantom village in southern France, where no planes fly and no roads run.

But I know her. I know the silver bracelet on her wrist, and it reminds me of my Camilla. Who I left behind years earlier, and who I selfishly wish could have also been given the immortality that my grandson eventually brought the village. It reminds me of her touch, of her gentle scent, of the sunlight that she breathed and the sparkle that she brought.

It reminds me of my motto.

*"Blessed be the ocean that carries us on our way."*Humans were so fascinating, yet so fragile. That was what Lamaza thought of them.

Give them a gun or a sword, and they had the drive, ambition, and the cruelty to conquer. Yet, beneath the facade of conqueror, every Galactic organization noticed their fragility, as in a glass statue-- so beautifully fascinating, yet breakable in a swift swing.

When the One Spica War began sometime in the year 2055, humans, for the first time, were inducted into the ranks. Somehow, they were immune to the psychic abilities manipulated by the majority of species, indifferent to other sorts of attacks.

*The bottom line, was that something in them, made them immune to those "psychic bullets". Some sort of-- device, within them, made it impossible to attack them that way directly.*

See, humans, while fascinating, were not coveted because of their uniquely individualistic spirit. Not because of the wanton cruelty they so often seemed to engage in. Not because they would ever be the victor in any sort of conflict.

Lamaza spun around, to address the muzzled human laying supine on the metal slab, tubes and chords extending from their neck, eyes, abdomen, and head. The whole apparatus oscillated every now and then, breathing as any organism would do in a rhythmic, sighing fashion.

"The pituitary gland." he muttered, performing quick motions with his pronged hands. "The pituitary gland has always been the key."

For the moment they discovered humanity's secret, they discovered the greatest defense against psychic energy that they had ever seen. It would change the course of Galactic Wars forever, revolutionize the industry.

Lamaza reached into the head, which now spread like the petals of a moonblossom, his fingers reaching for the gland with near deadly accuracy.

*And thus the secret is spread.*"I'll give you this for-- all you have," the shopkeeper grinned. "I'm being generous, trust me."

Gram sighed, and tossed the satchel on the counter. Ten shekels seemed far too much for a cheaply made trinket, but if the Oracle had willed it who was he to argue against it? Besides, Gram knew that those shekels were different. Special, was the words the Oracle had used.

It had been two weeks since he had lost every ounce of currency of what little he had possessed after a few of Syon's rogues came for him. He had woken up in a medical barrack with no possessions except an empty satchel, a sigil that represented his home village, and a nasty head wound. It didn't deter him one bit-- he was back on the road within a day, making his way to the mad highwayman's city with the intent to take back the weapons Syon had stolen from his own village. He had a dagger and a satchel that he occasional filled with loose change, but little else but his wit. Yet Gram knew that Syon, with the acquisition of more and more power, would be impossible to fight.

"Fine," replied Gram, his eyebrows narrowed slightly. "I'll take the bone, but will you do me the courtesy of wrapping it up first?"

"Of course," laughed the shopkeeper. "I'm a good shopkeeper, I treat my customers just right. Just right."

Gram prepared to leave the decrepit tent, but the shopkeeper reached out his hand, leaning over close. Gram could smell faint licks of moonshine on his breath.

"Hey," he whispered. "I can tell that you're a member of the Resistance movement. Let me just tell you that Syon-- he's stronger than any man. You'd be best not coming across him. Once a highwayman, always a highwayman."

"Thanks," winced Gram. "But I think my adviser knows what she's doing."

She called herself the Oracle, and Gram had encountered her in the basement of one of the sole hotels in the city of La Grande not run by the highwaymen. While walking through through the fields, a group of men had noticed the bandages on his legs, and most importantly the sigil around his neck.

"Man from Tyrande," began one of the men, walking in level with Gram. "Eh, you want to be taken up on a proposition?"

"Yes, I'm from Tyrande," said Gram, slightly suspicious. "What proposition would you be interested in? You are aware that my village was razed, and our holy weapons destroyed, no?"

One of the men threw Gram a coin, which he gladly took, and examined. Yet he noticed that the faint lines of the shekel were tinted with a strange green, lines that seemed to run like veins through the bronzed metal. He flipped it over, and watched as gentle, cold flames doused acid green reached into his palm and licked at his fingers.

"What-- what the hell is this," asked Gram. "Some kind of joke? What's the coin for?"

"Ah, it accepted you," exclaimed the man that had walked at Gram's side. "First comes choice, then comes intention, followed by the great mantra."

"One man's trash is another's treasure," chanted the men in unison.

Gram had been intrigued, and allowed himself to be led to the city of La Grande, where the foe who stole his village's weapons lay protected in a nest of iron. *Lent's Chance*, was the name of the small hotel in which they settled in, for a so called "proposition". The outsides were falling apart, and the insides were covered with blankets of thick dust, the lights flickering as if to remind every soul of a time long past. Down an old hatch, lifted by the corners and wailing as the hinges moved, was a basement lit dimly by rows of assorted candles.

On an altar was a pale young woman nursing a mist-suffused orb in one hand, and a hastily constructed gauntlet in the other.

"You are the one from Tyrande, no," the woman had asked. "I am the Oracle, and I've seen you from afar through prognostication of a wicked kind. It seems to be that you qualify all of the requirements of an individual that could be our Vessel."

"And what is this Vessel," Gram asked in turn. "Something to do with your devilish leader? Though your men tell me your kin resists his presence rather than exalts it."

"See, I think my men have explained to you the three conditions for a Vessel," the Oracle had explained. "Syon's curse dictates that only an outsider can rid this city of his presence. But we have a secret weapon, so to speak."

The Oracle had waved her hand, two men rushing to a back room and returning with a discolored wooden treasure chest, dropping it at Gram's feet.

"Go on," whispered the Oracle. "Open it."

The opening of the lid revealed hundreds upon hundreds of shekels, piled on one another like massive pillars. Yet each shekel was tinted in the same green hue that Gram had seen earlier. Hues of green that wrapped around each coin like a vine, radiating energy that seemed weightless and flightless. Each inscription was perfectly inlaid with tangles.

"More shekels, yet," began Gram, picking one up from the very top and waiting for any objection to his action. "They seem different. Hued in green, bathed in this acid energy that I can't describe. Similar to the power of the Holy Weapons stolen from my village."

"These shekels are special, powerful," promised the Oracle. "Each one can be inlaid with three specifications. One is choice, which is finished. You can see the energy, and thus it has chosen you. Second is intention, which you must possess. Syon destroyed your village and left you destitute. You have this intention, no? Third is the great mantra, *one man's trash is another man's treasure*. The plan is simple. Buy useless items that you yourself would consider cheap and worthless with these shekels, and once enough items are possessed you may combine them to create a catastrophic weapon of prognostication to aim at Syon."

Gram, intrigued, had agreed to see at least some of the plan through, spending the next two weeks buying useless items with the cursed shekels. Ribbons, trinkets, charms, even food that he would never eat, weapons he would never use. But now, as he exited the tent, he recognized that he wouldn't need to recollect the cursed shekels. Perhaps that would be enough. He had been chosen by the mysterious energy of prognostication that wove its way through the shekels. He had the intention of getting back the Holy Weapons Syon had stolen. He had enough trash, all of it woven by those strange green cords that could become the treasure the great mantra promised.

*Perhaps it is time to aim the weapon of prognostication*, Gram thought, as he pocketed the empty satchel.*Could've breezed through that one even without the Sight.*

The Sight allowed me, gradually, to absorb mass quantities of information through touch. At first, only a few words, an apostrophe or two, maybe a floating idea, would come flowing out. As I used my ability more and more, the capabilities morphed and increased. I could extract the entire plot of Bronte's hefty *Wuthering Heights* with ease. Worked wonders on my stress level, and I had a clear conscience. It was my ability that allowed me this unique courtesy, not some sort of outside source. Tests became basically non-existent for me.

Few people knew about my gift. My sister, a couple close friends who I had known since elementary school. It took them a while to believe me, even with proof. There were times in which I had Seen documents that weren't meant for me, extracted irrelevant or secret information that I had no idea how to interpret. The biggest unknown of all was how I even got these powers. Was it some sort of age-old family gift? Maybe, instead, a curse? A mutation, like in those movies?

After finishing what was potentially the easiest test of my entire life (and that was saying something), I bore a confident smile on my face as I strode through the halls of Sutaraito High. My books in my hands, I clutched them close to my bosom. I had a certain degree of protectiveness for them, after all, they were usually my foray into the world of pure and unadulterated information. The school was practically empty at the moment, I was always the first one to finish, never having to ask myself how I did and if I would pass or not. The ends of my uniform flapped gently behind me, and I took a deep breath as I approached the stairwell, preparing myself for the wintry chill ahead. As I descended the dull and chipped linoleum steps, a man in a neatly-pressed gray suit rounded the corner, and the lapel on his collar intended itself into my face.

*Shit*, I thought to myself as I tumbled to the floor in slow motion. What came out of my mouth was more like a mixture between a yelp and a curse.

The man who had so callously collided with me got to his feet silently, picking up the mess of foldered papers and documents that had fallen when he did.

"Uh, sorry." I stammered awkwardly, grabbing ahold of a manila envelope. "Should have looked where I was going."

My arm began to tingle, though I wasn't consciously activating the Sight.

*Not now, not now, damn it.*

As I lifted the folder, my arm began to suffuse with a yellowish gold. Trembling, I dropped the folder and clutched at my wrist, my veins feeling like they were being invaded by boiling water.

The man simply looked at me with an expression of curiosity on his face, as word and word streamed into my screaming mind.

*The Gifted Ones, secret, soul transplant, inter-dimensional experience. You'll find more out later, but secret to the Gifted is the rift between dimensions. We need them, and they need us.*

*This has been a test, Keiko Gashin. If you can read this, then it is confirmed that you are one of the Gifted. I am Bradbury, of the Interpol's Psyops Division, and we've been looking for you for a long time. The rest of this document is blank, but I promise you that I will explain everything as it falls into place. Keiko Gashin, this is the beginning of either a long vacation, or a short journey, depending on how you look at it.*

"Uh, help me." I gasped. "What's happen--"

The light emanating from my arm blinded me, and the sound out of my lips was barely a whisper.

I couldn't, for the first time, willingly turn off the Sight, and it was killing me. As I fell to the floor, looking at the muted steps going down to the door, the man picked up the rest of his documents as the light turned to dark.

*Thanks for playing, Keiko Gashin. We look forward to your participation, O Gifted One.**In faith, and deceit, and movement within shadows. We three return you to the position of a familiar.*

Went through my routine that morning. Made coffee, downed an egg muffin sandwich. I was wiping my mouth, expelling those last, stubborn, and coveted crumbs, when the doorbell rang.

I sighed. "Too early for this shit." I muttered, heading towards the door.

I peeked through the peephole, and did a slight double-take at the exceedingly tall, wide-eyed, and eccentrically-dressed woman at my doorstep. For just a moment, I thought I had somehow missed the memo about Trick or Treating being moved to the morning hours.

I opened the door, which gave a muffled shriek as I did so.

"Yeah, hello?" I asked, a quizzical look on my face. "Are...are you here for Halloween? Because typically that's, you know, in the evening."

She gave a short cackle, before falling silent practically at the flip of a switch.

"No, no. That's not it!" she said, looking at me like I was an absurd sort of whale. "I'm not in costume, if that's what you mean. Well, I am, but this formal wear for a special occasion."

Fishing for something under the bulky robes she had draped around her slender body, she produced a small, shapely ball of onyx fur, which sprang to life within her hands, giving a soft-meow.

"Do you remember Onyx?" she asked, thrusting the cat into my hands. I grabbed it gently, and blinked my eyes a few times just to make sure I wasn't dreaming. "Right, you found him attacked by some sort of wild beast? And you fixed him right up, you saved him."

*I save a lot of animals*, I thought to myself. It was my job. But now that the woman said it, I felt a strange form of kinship with the kitten, which purred as it rubbed itself against my shoulder. Its eyes were especially distinctive, the type of ocher that glowed and really contrasted with the midnight black shade of the soft suit of fur.

"Yeah, actually." I began. "I do kind of remember him. Coyote attack, no?"

"Well, you see, only a Witch's Familiar has the power to choose the next in the succession of Witches." she explained. "And, as a measure of thanks for saving him when he was at his least powerful, his most helpless, he has decided to choose you."

She clapped her hands together as I gave a slight groan. *Woman was batshit crazy, at the very least.* Like a bottomless bag, her robe just seemed to be the gift that kept on giving, as she pulled out an obviously homemade trinket with small carved totems riding on the string, and held it out to me.

The cat leapt out of my arms and into hers, his eyes staring at me like searchlights. I looked down at the trinket, and I chuckled.

"Yeah, so, thanks?" I said. "But I have to go to work, so, yeah, bye."

I closed the door, and stayed right outside, making sure I heard the clickety-clacks of her boots as she walked away.

That was two days ago. Let me tell you, that not only have I been seeing those ocher eyes everywhere, but that I've been having strange dreams of strange and foreign chants, and frenetic dances that don't scare or repel me, but in fact do the opposite. I am compelled to wear that trinket, and I am compelled to seek out incense, myrrh, books that I would never have read.

I'm conscious of the changes, but it gets me thinking.

The Witch's Familiar may have chosen me, but did I in fact have a choice?“Oh, what a cruel mistress fate is.”

I look at this child, no more than two years old. He looks at me with unblemished innocence, with curiosity, with question.

“Have you known no love? No home?”

I reach out to rustle his hair. My hand passes through him, and he barely recognizes that I even tried.

“Of course. You died so young, probably in a place where love and safety were things unheard of.”

A tear runs down my cheek. I reach out with my other hand, my left hand. The hand I received from the Bacab.

With this hand I may receive some of his memories, the memories of his life. Before he entered my gates.

I gather the memories with ease. He is innocent, he has nothing to hide.

When I see it, I begin to sob, cry for the future of humanity.

I see unspeakable horrors. I see the blood of thousands, smeared upon the walls of society. I see and smell death, which had overpowered any sense of hope or sanctuary that Earth once provided for so many souls.

I see children wandering, covered in the blood of their parents. Walking along bullet ridden walls and bomb scarred structures, coughing and hacking as a result of the filth and disease. I see them emaciated, skeletons, surrounded by the aura of death.

I see ruined cities, razed fields, powerful countries reduced to barren wastelands where sadists perform pastimes of rape and murder. Grand temples, churches, and mosques that were once sanctuaries for so many now reduced to rubble, only bloodstained pillars left standing.

I recoil.

I don’t want to see anymore.

I gaze at him, and for his sake wipe away my tears.

“My child, we shall begin anew.”

I looked at the hand given to me by the Bacab.

“You will help me save humanity from its greatest enemy.”

“Itself.”

I beckon for him to follow me into my land, where animals roam verdant, untouched fields in a perfect sanctuary.

————————————————————“See, I am quite happy to have found him.”

Rene Gaspard, sitting comfortably in a lofty armchair, looked over the room with steady anticipation, surveying the illuminated glyphs engraved upon the walls. He rubbed his carnelian ring gently, a subconscious tic which he often fell victim to. 

The man who sat facing Gaspard was clad in a rich blue kaftan, with markings dotted over the cerulean expanse. Fitted to his shoulders by a large ring of what was presumably silver, with small engravings similar to the text etched into the walls of the room. The man’s face was adorned with makeup, giving his eyebrows a sharp hawk-like appearance and making his cheeks appear as pink as an unpeeled lychee. 

Gaspard continued, having piqued the man’s interest.

“Yes, he is a Changed. I have been looking someone like him for five years.”

The robed man adjusted his sitting position, and cleared his throat.

“Mr. Gaspard, when you arranged this meeting, I did not know what exactly to think. We have kept him in isolation for his entire life, under supplements which prevent his Jasaw from activating.”

Gaspard smiled, reaching over and patting the man on the knee, who recoiled slightly when this action was performed. 

“Yet he created a Soul Jar, did he not? Obviously he has reached a point in which his Jasaw cannot be restrained by your paltry vitamins.”

The man frowned, and tapped his fingers on the sides of the armchair. What Gaspard said was correct, the supplements no longer helped his son restrain the Jasaw. It only served to make his false sense of reality much worse.

“Mr. Gaspard, I must tell you that this is the Fourth time his Jasaw has activated since his Fourth Year to God, when it was discovered. Since then, he had been restrained by the supplements, kept in the Facility. His reality is different, nonexistent. He thinks he is a traveler, trekking through the expanses of Corneria. In actuality his Jasaw activated during a bout of bronchitis, which he is in the Facility hospital for as of now.”

Gaspard mulled it over. The subject was in a false state of reality, possibly due to the strain of restraining such a wildly unpredictable power. The power to create matter using only words, words lost to history. It was equally fascinating and scary, to think that a bout of coughing or some random gibberish could summon something destructive, something horrifying out of another plane of existence.

The man across continued, after a brief pause.

“But then your letter arrived. You say you can Purge the Jasaw out of his body? With little consequence? Doctor Lane is one of our finest, and she speaks highly of you. I think that you may be able to help my son, remove him from this isolation and false state. I fear if the supplements no longer control him, his Jasaw can no longer be restrained.”

Gaspard smiled, and held out his hands invitingly. As long as Lane provided him with a space and the tools he required, a Purge could easily be done. 

“Of course, my dear Elder. We can snap your son out of his false reality and suppress the unholy Jasaw, among the worst afflictions for a Changed. All I require are the tools I have already arranged Lane to provide me with, as well as my payment.”

The Elder’s face changed, a mix of desperation and excitement.

“Anything. Money, blessings, even the faintest hints of Magick.”

Gaspard leaned over.

“I want that Soul Vessel your son summoned. It will be of great importance to my mission.”

“Done. You will have it, by the gods.”

Gaspard smiled. 

*Coincidence is not something I enjoy, but it is something I recognize. But this?*

It was too good to be true. Gaspard knew that he would receive both the relic and the boy. 

Yet both were not conicidence, neither *Eokoeive* nor the false state of reality the boy had been plunged into.

No, it was all planned.I cannot believe it! I'd only initially created this subreddit as a way to catalogue my writing, and it is unfathomable to me that 300 folks (well, 299, I guess), actually enjoy the writing I put out. It's humbling, and I'm very grateful for each and every one of you.

Long live the Lizard Cult! ;)"Hello. Take a seat."

I glance at my file as my client sits down on the black leather couch.

Grayson Murphy, is his name, according to my notes.

He signed via the web! I was hoping someone would do that- I had a lot of trouble setting that up.

I glance at him, and immediately I am slightly confused.

"You...are shorter, than I expected, Mr. Murphy. Not that it matters, anyway."

I put on my glasses. I often call them my "Smart Spectacles", because it makes me seem more professional than I actually am.

"How did you get in, Mr. Murphy? Astral plane? Sixth sense? Third eye? Oh, wait, was it the Bermuda Triangle?"

He looks confused.

"No, Doctor Tweedleditweedledum. I just walked."

I laugh, and he does too. A joking demon, perhaps. Typical.

I look over his file. He is coming in for counseling due to anxiety. I can handle that.

"So, Mr. Murphy, you are here for...anxiety issues. They stem, it seems, from frequent visions."

"Yes, Doctor. I've had these awful dreams. Dreams of rainbow colored snakes, guys in masks, lizard people. Then things started getting weird. I started to think I could somehow...walk through the mirror, or even a little reflective button on someone's shirt. Even when I looked in someone's eyes I felt as if I could travel inside their eyes to a new place."

Oh. Oh! Perhaps he wasn't joking around at all! He found my website, so he has obviously had contact with one of my heralds. They plant my name and contact information in the minds of prospective clients, FYI. He's a human! But, he's obviously been changed, modified. He can see into the Mirror Dimension somehow. How weird!

I decided to test him.

"I have a task for you, my dear Mr. Murphy."

"Yes, Doctor Tweedleditweedledum?"

He stood up, eager to do the task I wanted of him.

"You may think me mad, but I want you to go to the back of the room. Take a running start."

I walked over to the wall outside my office, and created a pathway into the Mirror Dimension. Auric, and beautifully reflective. A test.

"Run right into this wall."

I patted the shimmering wall encouragingly.

"What?"

"Yes. Run into it. Do it, I promise you'll be fine. You have an old doctor's word."

He ponders for a moment, and then decides to do it. He takes the running start, and passes seamlessly through the reflection.

I run over to the wall.

"Hello there! Can you hear me?"

"Ereh fo tuo teg t'nac I mudeldeewtideldeewT rotcoDem pleh!"

Oh. Oh dear.

"Are you stuck?"

He is pounding on the wall, trying to get out. He is screaming. Oh no, can't let other clients see this!

"Terribly sorry, chap. At least you're not experiencing visions or anxiety anymore, am I right?"

I closed the pathway, and returned to my desk.

I had a lozenge. I love lozenges."What do you make of this?"

I paced around the office, in thought and partial confusion. A business card lay on the desk of my superior, Mathias Geller, wrapped in thick plastic. It was no ordinary business card, no. No name, just a phone number. It was found in a tomb. A recently unearthed tomb in Al-Gari, Egypt. I didn't know what to think of it. Practical joke?

"I don't know, Jan. Practical joke?"

I walk over to the leather chair opposite Geller's desk and take a seat. I grab the plastic, and look at the card once again.

(368)-475-8424

Just a number.

"Mr. Geller, this tomb was unearthed. It had been completely obscured by a secondary antechamber nearby. When we dug into another location nearby we found this second tomb, complete with that full sarcophagus and Egyptian death pottery.

Geller mulls it over for a second, and beckons for me to put the wrapped card back on his desk.

"Jan, listen. I think I might have to have the society take a look at the validity of this dig. This could very well be a hoax of some sort. The antechamber may have been staged, allowing a sarcophagus to be moved into this secondary chamber. An elaborate hoax, though for what purpose I don't know."

Fine, fine. I get it.

"I'm fine with that, Mr. Geller. I honestly just want to get to the bottom of this. Have you tried calling the number on the card?"

Geller cleared his throat.

"No, I have not. That is partially why I called you in here. Would you like to do the honors?"

He hands me what is presumably a burner cell. It's exactly like Geller to be overly cautious of most things. I take the crimson colored cellphone from Geller's outstretched hand, and flip it open.

Alright. (368)-475-8424. Here goes.

The cell rings, for a good five seconds, before I hear a click.

"You have reached the Machination Foundation."

"Hello?"

"Did you know the Max Headroom Broadcast Interruption was a message for Lizards across Chicago?"

What?

"Um, no, I did not. Who is speaking?"

"You dug deeper, clever girl. Let me play a torture game with you."

I felt a chill run down my spine. This was a different voice. I don't know if it was the harsh vocoder that unnerved me, or the content of his message. Probably both. I held up a finger to address the inquisitory Geller, and I addressed him again.

"What are you talking about? Who is speaking, I would like a name."

"Clever girl, let's torture the old generation. Dr. Jan Hargrave, you will receive an email, sweetheart."

Another chill ran down my spine, and I pulled the cellphone away from my ear and shut it fast. I tossed it in the desk.

"I thought you said this was a burner!"

"It is, Jan, what's wrong? Calm down, dear girl, please."

"They knew my name. They knew who I was.""Oh, by my life. It's been ages."

He yawned, taking a step beyond the charred sigil on the ground. All around were corpses, strewn here and there, most either burnt to the mottled bone, or twisted and sculpted in ways incomprehensible to the human mind.

His one usable eye was a deep crimson, the other covered by thick and twisted veins that obscured any vision. It had been decades since he'd used that eye. He had a rough estimate of how long he had been sealed away for, but suffice to say, he had an objective in mind now that he was no longer bound by the chains of human hypocrisy.

Stepping over each corpse, he took pains to search his memory for what had transpired years before. After all, he had a long time to think things over.

*Some were freaks who deigned to oppose you. Others freaks who deigned to stand with you.*

He continued to walk, as the scenery turned from infernal to verdant as fast as the arrival of a spring shower in May. He scraped the broken down statues with his claws, a fire brewing and kindling in his eyes.

*The garden in which I was betrayed. How poetic, that a son of God should be betrayed just as a son of the Devil would.*

Gradually as he felt the heat in his body suffuse through each joint and each scale on the surface of his skin, his wings began to unfurl. Glossy shadows in the daylight, and the gentle sunlight reflected off of them allowing them to shimmer. He hastened his pace, towards the gated entrance.

*It was here-- where my greatest ally became my greatest enemy. It was here, where the Cult of Jaldaboath died, never to rise again until decades later.*

He remembered what had happened years earlier. His people surrounded him, he ruled over the small town nearby. The name of Jaldaboath was afeard throughout the country, as the vassal who used the power of Satan in his blood to overthrow his masters. His familiar, a raven-surrounded lord named Malphas, was by his side always. For every sacrifice that they made, for every nearby conquest and desolation, Malphas stayed by his side.

*But Malphas-- he grew jealous, angry. I could see it in his eyes, that following me did not fulfill his ambition. The Cult of Malphas would need to begin, for his fiery spirit to be sated. And so he did, ordering around conquered denizens behind by back, in the guise of rebellion.*

He was in the very garden in which he stood. Jaldaboath looked around, feeling the memories swirl inside his head like the churls of a great ocean. Each drop of fresh dew from the trees, the occasional sunbeams peeking through the clouds to grace him. It was there in which he was cornered, and sealed away, in a prison made of raven feathers.

*Betrayed by own friend, my own lover, my own heart. Being sealed away hurt, but being betrayed ripped feathers thrown as daggers into my very soul. I cannot feel whole again until we meet.*

The gate wailed as he opened it, and Jaldaboath walked, standing in front of the moss-covered stone archway that once bore his name. Apart from the change in ownership, Jaldaboath froze, fearsome figure in the light of day, as he saw a single, solitary, raven, land on the top of the arch.

*Hello, old friend.*My dear readers,

&#x200B;

It has been a while, hasn't it? I apologize, I was dealing with some issues in real life, so I had to take a breather. The idea of writing for applause no longer appeals to me. I want my audience to be invested, no matter how big or small. Upvotes aren't really what matter to me anymore, so take that as you will.

&#x200B;

Anyways, something is happening. Though their accounts are new, and not of too much note yet, a series of Reddit accounts I hope will culminate in some sort of a story. This is something I've been wanting to do for a long time, and I'm doing it, no matter how imperfect it may be.

&#x200B;

So sorry I've kept all of you waiting so long, and I hope that this will be somewhat of an adventure for all of us."Yes, yes. Don't be shy! For I am a proprietor of wonders! I am a salesman of bliss made tangible!"

Daddy Dodo stood on stage, his feathercap slightly obscuring his vision, but he didn't care. It looked too cool not to pass up. In one hand, he held a diamond-studded cane, the other a golden stage pistol that he had named Ollie. The theater was filled with people, yet no one but him spoke a word. His guards were at the corners. You had a Coffee Card, and access to the Midnight Stage was yours. You didn't? All that was behind those ebony doors was a theater that hadn't played a movie since 1933.

He truly was a proprietor of wonders. Stage magician by day, coffee smuggler by night. He bounced around town on a half-broken Segway, but really he was starting to roll in the dough. People needed coffee, and Dodo knew it. Dodo was real smart like that. Productivity had dropped, especially since 2025's Caffeine Ban had gone into effect. But Daddy Dodo didn't need to worry. He had friends in Colombia who would do things for him, as long as he did certain things in return. So, in that friendly vein, Dodo became one of the most prolific coffee smugglers of 2027.

As Daddy Dodo danced back and forth on stage, he tossed a bag of coffee beans back and forth in his hands. He brought it near his face, stuck his tongue out.

"Yes, yes, I must agree! The bravest of whom shall get this rare, deluxe, specially crafted culture of coffee beans. The rest of y'all will be going home with a smaller bag of standard Colombian coffee beans!"

Applause broke out in the audience. There were doctors, lawyers, teachers, radio hosts, news folks. All turned a blind eye to Daddy's illegal doings down in the dumps of the devilishly decrepit dream palace. People needed the beans, man. People really needed them, for the sake of the economy. Daddy Dodo considered himself a hero, not a villain. The hero of the caffeine-starved, the hero of the tired and weary. Just show your Coffee Card, and consider yourself saved.

"Ok, ok, now. I'm going to choose the lucky number seat out of the roster. Okay, ya'll, it's gonna happen."

The attendant, dressed in a brown dress with a freshly styled bowtie in her hair, brought out a glossy black top hat in her hands.

She put a hand in the hat, and Daddy winked at her. *She felt disgusted.*

"And....Daddy's number is....," she continued to move her hands inside, fishing through the hundred labels, and eventually pulled one out. "Seventeen! Where's lucky seat seventeen!"

A mousy woman with graying hair put her hands to her mouth, as the cheering people around her encouraged her to go up there. She teetered down the aisle, stepping up the stage, where she felt like a periwinkle in the spotlight.

Dodo extended his hand out to her, she took it nervously, and smiled.

"Ah, now that the audience has stopped clapping. Mademoiselle, what is your name?" he asked softly, yet clearly.

She balked, before responding.

"I'm Jenna, and I'm a receptionist!"

Daddy Dodo chuckled. "But I didn't even ask you what you did yet. You're a psychic, my dear madam?"

She smiled timidly, and Dodo clapped his hands together. The attendant hurried of stage, and came back having dragged a large box with a question mark plastered to the sides. Obviously heavy, as the attendant struggled slightly to move it into place. When it was *just* right, Dodo dismissed the attendant with a wave of his hand.

"Okay, now, I'm going to consult Ollie." he remarked, putting the diamond-studded staff at his side straight to his ear like a telephone. There were some interjected chuckles and guffaws around. "Okay, Ollie says...you gotta shoot into that box!"

"Sh-shoot?" Jenna asked. "Is it safe? This is my first time with a Coffee Card..."

"Safe? Of course! It's one-hundred percent safe, emphasis on the hundred. See?" he waltzed over, and pressed the question mark on the side, which opened the box up for everyone to see. "Nothing, nada, not a thing. The trick is in what'll happen."

"Um....ok." Jenna mumbled. She let her hands be guided by Dodo, as he handed the stage pistol to her.

*3,2,1, shooooot! Bang, bang, bang!*

Jenna shot into the box, one, two, three times, which opened up in every direction to reveal a cockatoo, which hobbled to the other side of the stage with little concern or injury. There was an enthusiastic applause, and Jenna handed the pistol back to Daddy, a wide-eyed look on her face.

"Thanks for playing, Jenna, you've been real brave and real helpful. Here's your prize!" Dodo announced, thrusting the bag of coffee beans in her hands.

\----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Later that night, after a few more tricks, everyone left home with the coffee beans they'd been craving. Daddy Dodo and the attendant stood on stage, in front of an invisible audience.

"Hey, roll that box on stage." Dodo muttered.

When he received no answer, he repeated his order.

"Do it now, bitch."

She, without protest, wheeled the box back on stage.

"Good, now I don't have to hit you with Ollie. Again."

He pressed the button, and the box opened to reveal a bullet-ridden man, blood staining the bottom.

"Just another Colombian snitch, where he belongs."I look at the photo, intently.

A message, of some sort? A cruel joke?

My wife had died six years earlier, and just today I had retrieved the last of the “maze boxes” she had hidden around the city. She was a trickster, a playful fox. This photo seemed like the exact kind of offbeat humor that she would enjoy.

I carry the small box out of the storage locker, and to the lobby, and handed it to the slightly neurotic receptionist.

“This’ll be it? That’s all she wrote, amirite? Ha? Ha!? That’s all she wrote!?”

I smile, sorrowfully. I was “over” her death, as we were both thought if ourselves as coolly rational scientists, but you can never truly be over something so big, I realize. She was my soul-mate, my protector. Gone in an instant, while crossing the street. Sometimes I wished it was an experiment gone wrong that had killed her instead, because at least then I knew that she died doing what she loved. I chuckle for a second, and then signed my name on the sheet the oddly giddy man had pushed over to me.

“Just sign here?”

“That’s a-right! Just like you signed her death warrant.”

I freeze, my hand shaking slightly.

“Excuse me?”

“It was you who sent her to get supplies that day. You were ill, weren’t you? She died because of you, because of your body. Should have stuck with the Tylenol, hmm?”

I grip the pen tighter, my hand is starting to shake. I sign my name shakily, take the “maze box”, and turn to leave, breathing heavily.

“Thank you, come again! Get it? Apu from the Simpsons?”

I push the door, head out into the misty drizzle towards my car. I can’t do it, I can’t contain myself.

“Honey.”

My wife brushes my shoulder.

“You know you want to. You know you have to.”

I try to ignore her, but she steps in my way, grabs my head and pulls me in for a passionate kiss. I grab her head and snap her neck, throwing her to the ground.

I open the glovebox, pull out my happy trigger. It calms me, it sedates my wandering mind.

“Happy trigger, here I go again...”

I whistle as I renter the storage facility, and point the happy trigger at the gentleman at the front desk who had so rudely killed my wife.

He bears his fangs, and snarls at me.

“Do it, you animal.”

As he falls, he transforms into a beast, with sleek wings, a muscular physique, and large fangs like those of a snake. I bend to the floor and lick the purple blood emanating from the wound on his head.

“Happy trigger, here I go again...”

I open the “maze box” so I can frame the photo after I return home, and find it has changed. I am hugging several clones of myself, and now realize the global conspiracy that had killed my wife.

She whispers in my ear.

“You know you want to. You know you have to.”

I try ignoring her, but she steps in my way, grabs my head and pulls me in for a passionate kiss. I grab her head and snap her neck, throwing her to the floor.

I told the CCTV tapes in my hand. So many of them, so many. It’s starting to become like a pet project of mine, collecting these. How did I start? No clue. But it’s a weird little collection, like some do with stamps, others with rocks, me with CCTV tapes I suppose.In 5 days!
And I will have a little story by then (probably).She puts a piece of toast on the plate.

The bread is crispy, a slight char around the edges. It’s good toast, sweet toast, hath no fellow. The plate sits there on the plaid tablecloth, the jar of marmalade enticing. New marmalade, from a new vendor. Man by the name of Mister Marnie. She wonders whether it could be the perfect marmalade for her perfect piece of toast.

She had bought it the day before, from his stall at the Farmer’s Market. She’s ready to smear it out on her perfect piece. She unscrews the lid, grabs a tarnished butter knife, and sticks it into the glop. She pulls the knife out, globs of black and drippy goo clinging to the grooves on the tip. It smells horrible, like rotting meat and an open sewer. She wrinkles her nose, and spreads it on the bread with a slight look of disgust. The slathered concoction moves on its own accord, seeping into the spaces between the crumbs. Bubbles appear in the black-hued oil, popping and releasing more of the foul odor into the air.

The woman is disgusted by now. Mister Marnie did her wrong. She backs away from the growing mass, but rushes back and tries to scrape the fluid off. It sticks to the toast, there’s no more need for butter. It’s like rubber now, yet runny, and it smiles at her. A face in the gunk-covered bread, laughing. She grabs the bottle of marmalade and throws it in the garbage can, but something is rising out of the filth. She practically throws the plate in the sink with a shriek of disgust, but the fingers that are composed of the dirty marmalade peek over the edges of the basin. Followed by a head, which rears back and vomits out a dripping stew of wet bread.

She wants to follow suit, but rushes to another room instead to compose herself. She sits on the chair with the crimson throw pillow, and freezes as she sees an oil composed, slimy, and vaguely humanoid mass drag itself across the wooden floor into view. She gasps and stumbles toward the other corner of the room, where she has a good view of the kitchen and the short associated hallway. There are many streaks of black marmalade across the walls and hardwood floor, and the kitchen is covered in a withering, trembling blancmange, pouring in hordes from the trashcan and the sink. She wonders what it is that Mister Marnie gave her in that jar.

But it certainly was not the perfect marmalade for her perfect piece of toast.Hello everybody,

I will be taking a sizable break (a week and a half) from any sort of writing. I have just returned home from abroad, and have pressing work (academic stuff) to do, so unfortunately I'm going to have to put writing on the back-burner for a little bit.

I have a new series planned, a detective/mystery miniseries, so look forward to that!

May your days be excellent,

bluelizardKSomeone contacted me.

My god, I thought no one would be able to do it. A minute code, hidden within a string of text in a world of intricate numbers and words. A metaphorical "needle-in-a-haystack". At last, we have had our first volunteer. Our first subject. It's time for a second email to be sent.

To: lewis.zubbs99@genmail.com CC: Subject: Second Foray

www.secondforay.org

Please visit this link and read the information. Send us another email with the correct word mentioned in the link in order to begin research. This is the way to the truth. Dig deeper.

My experiment has begun. My little...project, if you may call it that. A mix of art and humor that only I can pull off in such a unique way. Trust me on this, as my art style is beyond the pale, my sense of humor even more extreme. My subject will find me, and my art, through these links. But, he does not know, and will fail to know until the end of my magnum opus, that he is in fact aiding me in a large manner. He is completing me, for he is allowing me to do the forbidden.

A day later I received his response. He responds well to directions. Interesting.

To: secondforay@genmail.com CC: Subject: The Machination Organization

The Machination Organization.

Curious. Most would shy away from such a mysterious and deep rabbit hole. This man presses on. He is a glutton for information, a Sherlock Holmes of Internet mystery, perhaps. It's time to wrap him up even more. To push him farther into this machination. To make him dig deeper.

On March 21st, 2019, this Reddit post appeared on r/WhiteHats.

"Mysterious text files and rabbit-hole"

This was posted by user u/zubbs99.

"I found the following mysterious email link within a text file on the Gilliam Foundation code string. I contacted it and these are the emails I received."

Emails from secondforay@genmail.com were screenshotted and linked to the topic. It exploded among the 75,000 members of the game community, so much so that a second Reddit page, r/SecondForay, was created. Game devs eventually commented on the mysterious email, many saying that individually they did not know about anything like this, but that they wouldn't be surprised due to the amount of Easter eggs hidden in the game.

Things expanded further on March 23rd, when a mysterious post was created on r/SecondForay, by u/JacobWillisStevenson.

"Lizard People of Saratoga Springs."

The post came with only the phrase, "Dig Deeper", under the subject line. The user, u/JacobWillisStevenson, had not created any posts prior, and was created the same day. The OP provided a comment with a link to a conspiracy website known as LizardPeopleofSaratogaSprings (the URL has since been removed).

To: lewis.zubbs99@genmail.cpm CC: jacobwillisstevenson@genmail.com Subject: Stevenson is the key

Stevenson is the key. They are not the only lizards.

My work is ingenious. The WhiteHats community has gone wild with anticipation and curiosity. My hints are subtle enough to tease and vague enough to cock interest. I think it's high time that u/JacobWillisStevenson increases his posting karma. I think we'll start with a PM to u/zubbs99. After all, it was by his grace that my experiment could start.

On April 7th, another post was created by u/JacobWillisStevenson.

"A simple riddle."

As with his previous post, the description was vague, and confusing.

"How windy does it get during a spring windstorm in Portland?"

The community at r/SecondForay had increased to around 30,000, partially due to an AskReddit post titled,

"What is the most interesting Internet rabbit-hole you have encountered?"

The riddle came into play after user u/zubbs99 received a PM from u/JacobWillisStevenson.

"Give me the number. I'll give you the answers."

Internet sleuths had deduced there was a windstorm in Portland, Oregon, on April 7th, 2017. On that date there was a gust of 56 MPH at the airport.

User u/zubbs99 responded to the PM, with the number "56".

He received on April 11th a second PM, from u/JacobWillisStevenson, which contained a video.

"Lizard People of Saratoga Springs."

People are watching. I have an audience at last. I know I shall soon reap the fruits of my labor. So, I think it is high time to move on to Phase Two of my piece de resistance. Let's see where this rabbit-hole leads, shall we?Karen's expectant eyes wandered every nook and cranny of the store as she walked in.

*Just another Banana Republic*, she thought to herself, tapping her foot as she attempted to strike a subtle pose leaning on the bargain rack. *Nothing I can't and haven't handled before*.

It was Karen’s favorite pastime to go into stores, usually Banana Republics, to give them a piece of her mind. Ever since she got custody of two toddlers from her husband, it was a godsend. The mental relief of chewing out a menial worker was manna from heaven.

"May I help you?"

The familiar question came in sonorous tones from a well-groomed man, arms crossed over his chest, name-tag not obscured. *Lorenzo*, it read.

Karen was jolted out of her fantasizing by Lorenzo's sudden appearance.

"Oh, er, yes. I'd like to speak to your manager. I was overcharged the last time I came in here and I feel that the way I was treated then isn’t okay. I am a paying customer."

Lorenzo chuckled, and grabbed ahold of Karen's hand.

"Excuse me, what the..."

"Karen, do not fret. Follow me and I shall have all the answers waiting for you."

Karen looked into Lorenzo’s eyes, which expanded in every direction, his face encompassing a cyclopian iris. She felt her vision blur slightly, as the mauve and cream tones of the store morphed into a psychedelic array of organic body parts, gently pulsating viscera, and faces etched into the fleshy walls.

"Karen, welcome to Management. How many times have you asked to see the Manager? Well, she has finally agreed to meet you.”

Karen searched for the words, but her tongue and her mind failed her all at once as she tried to avoid the gaze of the grotesque and unflinching visage to her right.

"Manager... but…. I've already..."

Lorenzo stepped forward, to reveal a swirling mass of wind, particulates, and detritus from various sources. A crimson nucleus with an almost intangible mass that collected the various pieces around it like a sun does a solar system.

*“Karrrenn….”*

Karen flinched, the voice resonating through the chamber like an industrial howl.

*“Karrennnnnn, you’ve been a naughty girl….”*

“What do you want? What are you!?”

*“Karen, I am Management. My purpose is managing Banana Republic, and ruling the world.”*

“The world? What ...are you, really? How do you know me?”

*“Karen, there is a prophecy. That individuals with your name will become corrupt. Spread havoc, strife, and misery around the retail business. You are the progenitor, Karen. The original Karen who began that misery back in 1345, reborn into this Karen. You understand?”*

Karen stepped back, the mechanical hum crescendoing into a threnody of metal. Lorenzo, who had been standing there, collapsed into shards of sharp iron and phased into the ground. Management morphed, taking form as Karen’s ex-husband, Mark.

*“Karen. I have been watching you all this time.”*

“But why!? What’s going on?”

Colors elapsed into a shapeless form.

*“The takeover of all things begins now.”*I am free.

Well, not really. I sit here, half-blind, shackled, the constant lingering scent of chemicals my closest companion. Occasionally the doctors come in, I can hear their soft footsteps on the linoleum. They talk to me, they inject me with all kinds of drugs that keep the nightmares at bay. Apart from that, I'm not crazy. I've done some bad things, some *abhorrent* things, but I'm not crazy. Those nightmares are like a scar, a reminder of the abhorrence I once carried. They insist I'm still crazy, and that's the reason I never stood trial. They had me carted away to spend the rest of my days here, in the company of shrinks, drugs, and encroaching darkness. Can't really blame them, if I'm being honest.

A year ago, I was in a bad place. I had lost my job, the one I pursued as a somewhat insufferably ambitious yuppie. I retreated into the confines of my home, closing my doors completely. I seldom went outside, maybe once or twice a day to get a ray of light, relying on vitamin tablets and Xanax to keep me stable. Maybe once a month I went and got groceries, squandering most of my remaining money and the checks that my concerned parents were sending me on indulgent and cloyingly sweet desserts. I started gaining weight, I was no longer concerned with how the world saw me. In a way I think that's a good thing. I suppose I struggled to find a reason to exist, a reason to try to seek out new things. In hindsight I would have gone out and tried to find something, anything, with the same ambition I once flaunted. But I guess being sacked from the job I had set as a goal for a long while really emotionally ruined me. Anyways, one thing I loved doing at this point in my life was watch TV.

I would sit down, maybe a plate of pie in my hand, pick up the remote and push away the letters and postcards that I would haphazardly respond to later. The television was my escape from reality. It was my sanctuary, where what I thought and what I believed didn't need to come under the scrutiny of others. I didn't need to try when I was simply appreciating these other worlds. I really did envy each and every character, living a fictional life where they didn't need to be screwed over and ruined by something so mundane. Each and every day for most of them was something fun, something interesting. I started off simply enjoying television, but soon that enjoyment became an obsession, an objective. Now I started forgetting to eat, forgetting to do everyday things, because my eyes were glued to the television every moment. My irises burned as the stills were ingrained into my mind, but I really didn't give a shit. Late into the night, I started to dream and watch almost in tandem, my perception of reality blurred.

I started to become frenzied while watching a late-night children's show called *Animal Corner*. It was bright, visually enticing. When I first watched it I compared the graphics to the popular representation of an LSD trip. Animals in odd colors and often sporting eccentric clothing would dance across the screen, the music recognizable yet I was unable to understand a word. Some portions were simply colors rapidly flashing across the screen, in pinwheel formations and kaleidoscopic rainbows. Words flashed on the screen for milliseconds yet I became accustomed and aware of these subtle messages. This show was the highlight of my day (or perhaps I should say, night).

The day that changed me approached quick. Maybe about six months ago. I had been laid off for six months now, and *Animal Corner* was like a drug. I couldn't find any reruns or new episodes online, so I had to watch it. I simply had to. This wasn't a question of whether I wanted to or not, but I was forced to by my own mind. It worked like a charm- for one hour all my worries melted like hot butter. One day I was carrying almost scalding hot chocolate, watching *Animal Corner*. Then the TV began to flash as it usually did during the show, but this time my mind began to become aware that I had to something. I was being ordered to do something. It felt like I was the one giving the orders, but I know that was not the case. The colors stopped, the screen turned black with that impossible-to-understand music in the background. Words slowly materialized on the screen.

**SPILL**

My hands shook, but I couldn't find the temptation. I slowly poured the hot chocolate all over the floor, all over my pants. It was hot, it hurt like a bitch yet I couldn't recognize the pain yet. I stared at the slowly dimming screen, and I smiled. I had accomplished what my mind had wanted me to do. I felt just a little bit happier, and as the show started back up again I was confused. I didn't know what had happen, but I looked down at my sullied pants and the empty cup, felt a dull ache in my thigh. I must have spilt the cocoa on accident. Yeah, that's what happened. It didn't matter, *Animal Corner* was still on.

It continued like this for a period of two weeks. I would have small realizations that I was seeing the very words that caused me to have these small blackouts, yet I had to keep watching, I just couldn't stop. The pain that losing my job had would be a small fraction compared to the pain I would feel without *Animal Corner* in my life. I would find photos smashed, food torn into by something I hesitated to say was human. Sometimes I would look outside to see bite-marks on the crab-apple tree on my porch, look at the small lawn and see patches dug up. My days were happier though. I started going out, socializing with people I hadn't talked to in months. The light was back in my life, so to speak. What happened at night stayed at home, was what I thought. Once I woke up in a cold sweat, to find at least a dozen post-it notes.

*Mindy is a whore, mindy is a whore, mindy is a whore, mindy is a whore, mindy is a whore*

Mindy was my neighbor, and the notes gave me a thoroughly sinking feeling inside. That day I felt compelled to slash the wires of the TV to try to keep myself from watching *Animal Corner*, yet I couldn't find the strength to inside my mind or my hands. I told myself I would limit myself, I would turn it off early. Besides, the next day I had a job interview at a video game company, a role similar to the one that I had lost six months earlier. I had things to look forward to, I didn't need that crap in my life anymore. I trashed all those notes, and carried that sinking feeling with me all day. When I returned home at about six in the evening, I sat down at the table to eat. I kept glancing at the TV remote, it was calling me. It was just calling me slowly, and I wanted to walk over and just turn the damn thing on. It was almost like my body was starting to do exactly what it did when *Animal Corner* came on, simply give up and become subservient to some greater power. I let the abhorrence take me over, and walked over to the remote, sat down almost robotically, and turned on the television. *Animal Corner* was on early. The colors flashed, and I lost track of reality. I don't even remember what it said when the screen went dark.

**Mindy was a whore**

I awoke with my hands covered in blood, and looked down to see everything stained with crimson. My body was shaking, my nails worn and raw. I was wearing shoes, covered in dirt. It was dark out, the lights were still on. The last thing I remembered that day was that *Animal Corner* came on at about seven, almost six hours earlier than usual. My mouth was dry, I tasted the iron tang I knew from a bloody lip or lost tooth. My heart was pounding, my body weak. The TV was still on, and it was still *Animal Corner*. Colors were flashing, I felt like I was about to succumb, about to die. I felt that same sinking feeling, and I shakily got up to use the bathroom. Don't know how I got there, but the whole thing was splattered with blood, and an arm limply dangled over the toilet bowl. I turned over the sink, vomited, looked at myself in the mirror. I was gaunt, haggard, disgusting.

*Did I hurt someone? Did I hurt them?*

I couldn't stand to look, I couldn't. I went back to the television, back to the living room. My neighbor, Mindy, was all I could think of as I looked at the dozens of blood covered post-it notes scattered across the room. My handwriting.

*You killed the whore, you killed the whore, you killed the whore, you killed the whore, you killed the whore*

The vomit came back up, I pushed it down with all my strength. The television was trying its hardest to get my attention. The colors flashed, over and over. The pain was unbearable, I felt as if my insides were on fire, I felt like my eyes were cursed, poisoned. When I closed them I saw a corpse, unrecognizable and mutilated. Slowly, I started to inch away from the television, doing my best to shut it all out. I reached out onto the table, my heart was pounding and my body was aching with every waking moment. First I reached for the phone.

*"911, what is your emergency?"*

*"3425 Emerson Ave, please be there soon, please, be there! Please!"*

I dropped the phone, reached out again while closing my eyes as hard as I could. I thought of all the good in the world, all the good times, all the well-wishers, all the things that I had once done. I grabbed the knife I used for dinner earlier, I knew what to do. I brought it to my eye and felt the pain leave me slowly, but surely. I stabbed into one socket, making sure nothing was left but darkness, and slowly the pain left me, as did the light.

They found me in an hour or two, it was easy with the call I had left them. Mindy... I had killer her. It was too brutal to recount. Too inhuman. If I didn’t know that some demon lurked behind that screen, I would have already killed myself. I can barely live with myself now, having done what I did. That damn TV—  it was more than just an obsession. They found me unconscious, one eye gouged out facing the television, which blared static.

So, that's my situation. Sometimes I still see the corpse in my nightmares, hear that cryptic and impossible-to-comprehend music. I am told that *Animal Corner* never existed, a figment of my own shattered psyche, yet it felt so real to me. But no. I know it was real. I know that TV had some sort of influence on me— one that forced me to kill. One that took advantage of me, and when all was said and done, disposed of me just as I had that poor woman. I killed her, but I know something made me. Something that wasn’t my mind, something evil, demonic, full of chaos. It took Mindy, and it must have taken my eye as a sick memento, of what it could accomplish. *Animal Corner* was real. It may have been transmitted to only me, spreading its tendrils over me like a corruption, forcing me to do what it told me to.

A visitor approached me yesterday. He told me he would arrange a meeting with me next week, to tell me the whole truth and the very essence of the *Blood Red Initiative.* I knew the abhorrence wasn't a machination of my psyche. 

It was something entirely different. 

Something demonic.That's all. I should be making stories on a semi-regular basis. Sorry for the huge delay.“5:34 PM, September 3rd, 2002.”

I flipped on the light, illuminating the area. Placed my hands on the table, looked at my opponent with intrigue.

“When you requested this, I was slightly bemused. But I think it will be a good experience. You are good at this?”

He smiles, placing his pawns on the checkered places, feeling each piece with his scaly fingers for a moment before doing so.

“I am good. I consider myself a strategist, Mister Faraday. You?”

I chuckled. I couldn’t say I was excellent, but I had always had a fondness for chess.

I’m just joking. I played one or two times in elementary school, at a chess club where most of the time I sat and watched the older kids duel. I’ve always respected those who play chess at a high level.

“I think I’m decent.”

He smiles, I see his forked tongue lashing around within his mouth.

“That is good. That is very good, decency is an admirable quality. At Atlantis, we have played chess for the last seventy years, ever since we took it from the worlds above.”

He sets down his king, I see him glance over subtly at mine. Only a slight movement of his eyes, but I know he was formulating strategies then and there. That’s what I respect about chess players. They can plan ahead, in a way, and need to analyze their opponent’s weaknesses with ease.

My job involves quite a lot of that too, but more of a social aspect. Much more of a social aspect. As an ambassador it is crucial for me to be able to mediate situations that could get the States into a sticky situation political-wise, especially since we started dealing with the Lizards last month.

“Shall we begin?”

He tongue whips out from in between his teeth, slightly wetting his thin and pallid lips. His slit-like nostrils expand and contract.

“Why not?”

He growls slightly, a very deep and guttural droning.

“You first.”

I move my pawn one space up, third from the right. Don’t know why, but I do. Convenience, maybe?

“Interesting.”

His Ss are hissed, which I find quite interesting.

“So, you have to tell me some more information about your people. That was the deal, correct?”

He smiles, baring his sharp assortment of teeth.

“Of course. Your government first met us in the 1600s, and we were graced by more settlers in the years 1776, 1849, and 1947.”

We knew they were extraterrestrials, but we did not know the nature of their existence. Most government files on their existence were burned willingly by the government in 1963. We discovered Atlantis during a submarine recon mission outside of Hawaii, where we discovered an artificial air bubble, and an entire civilization. Not our first contact with extraterrestrials, no, but our closest contact yet.

“So, you came from space. The planet Tomi, right? You told me about it the last time we met.”

“Heh.”

He moves his middle pawn up. I can see his eyes darting around the board, and I feel more than slightly unnerved. He’s a planner, an excellent one, at that. Or I’m just bad. I think it’s the latter.

“Yes, Tomi. It was partially destroyed by an ancient satellite known as the Black Knight. We came on crafts, navigated to a mainland, and my ancestors were covertly given land by various government figures. We used our technology to sink the piece of land into the ocean, creating our own sanctuary.”

Gravity technology, which we had already been given as a gift of faith by these Lizards. They were exceptionally unusual, if not dangerously advanced and alien.

“I am checking to see if you will make a stupid move.”

I smile. I probably would, but hopefully not.

“Maybe. Maybe not. Just the way things go sometimes.”

I move my pawn, second from my right, up two spaces, release. He relaxes, visibly, and I see a faint smile at the corners of his mouth.

“How can you be so stupid.”

He slides his queen diagonally, and releases.

“Checkmate.”

I survey the board, my options, but he’s right. Checkmate. I guess I really am bad at chess?

“The Fool’s Mate. A ploy nearly impossible to fall for, yet you did.”

I chuckle.

“Perhaps I let you win, Mister Arcon. I let you Fool’s Mate me.”

He hisses, that tongue of his moving up and down like a cobra.

“Again. We play again.”

Fine with me.

“The Fool’s Mate reminds me of the fragility of human society.”

I see the flash of satisfaction in his eyes, as he puts his pieces back into order.Thought I'd do an update post, just because the old greeting was stale.

I'm bluelizardK, amateur writer extraordinaire ;)

In the past, I was usually prolific on r/writingprompts, but now I've started to branch out into other writing subreddits. I hope you'll stay awhile, because I don't plan to stop writing anytime soon :D“Oh, what a cruel mistress fate is.”

I look at this child, no more than two years old. He looks at me with unblemished innocence, with curiosity, with questions.

I, the keeper of a sanctuary beyond time, beyond mortality. I keep many creatures of great being within these gates. But never a human, an Earth-dweller.

“Have you known no love? No home?”

I reach out to rustle his hair. My hand passes through him, and he barely recognizes that I even tried.

“Of course. You died so young, probably in a place where love and safety were things unheard of.”

A tear runs down my cheek. I reach out with my other hand, my left hand. The hand I received from the Bacab.

With this hand I may receive some of his memories, the memories of his life. Before he entered my gates. Before he arrived in the state that he did, corporeal and with barely a memory of vitality.

I gather the memories with ease. He is innocent, he has nothing to hide.

When I see it, I begin to sob, cry for the future of humanity.

I see unspeakable horrors. I see the blood of thousands, smeared upon the walls of society. I see and smell death, which had overpowered any sense of hope or sanctuary that Earth once provided for so many souls.

I see children wandering, covered in the blood of their parents. Walking along bullet ridden walls and bomb scarred structures, coughing and hacking as a result of the filth and disease. I see them emaciated, skeletons, surrounded by an aura of death.

I see ruined cities, razed fields, powerful countries reduced to barren wastelands where sadists perform pastimes of rape and murder. Grand temples, churches, and mosques that were once sanctuaries for so many now reduced to rubble, only bloodstained pillars left standing.

I recoil.

I don’t want to see anymore.

I gaze at him, and for his sake wipe away my tears.

“My child, we shall begin anew.”

I looked at the hand given to me by the Bacab.

“Teach me about your kind. Begin your new life here, in peacetime, so that others may follow in your footsteps.”

I beckon for him to follow me into my land, where animals roam verdant, untouched fields in a perfect sanctuary.I noticed the swelling in my left arm after fumigating a home with a pretty nasty spider infestation. Though the walls were practically bulging with frenzied arachnids, I was wearing a full-body covering like every other job I ever took, so the risk of a bite was at least minimal. Plus, these spiders weren't venomous, I knew that for sure.

I woke up the day after to find that the small raised bump in my left arm had began to subtly contort and engorge. I rubbed my eyes, and looked at my arm again, and the movement that I saw had ceased. Though I convinced myself it was a trick of my somewhat sleep-deprived mind, I ran to the bathroom in my half-awake state and slathered some Neosporin on the thing, and promptly stumbled back to bed.

About three hours later, I awoke abruptly again to the sound of the alarm ringing in my ears and the vapid odor of vomit, which I was covered with. My vision blurry, my throat dry. I looked at my left arm again, and saw the bulge moving around like a tunneling mole. It slowly moved up and down my arm, leaving behind streaks of red, and when I grabbed it with my other hand I felt like something was struggling underneath my skin. I ran to the bathroom again, and nearly collapsed as the veins in the affected arm bulged out like a caricature. I grabbed a razor, held the moving bump in place, and cut the skin with a quick gesture, wincing and crying out as both blood and a pair of spiny undulating legs protruded through the small incision.

The blood though, which trickled at first, and then began to drip with more vigor, was a dark black that I had never seen before. The legs, which had begun to make their way out of the cut skin, emerged to reveal a glossy and slime covered insect which quickly dropped to the floor in a pool of the black fluid, and crawled the door through the narrow crack while I collapsed and vomited again, ever so slightly.

I cleaned myself up, put a band-aid to stanch the trickle of charcoal goop, went back to my bed, and laid there, my phone in my good hand, ready to call an emergency clinic. Or a priest. Maybe both. Even in bed, I couldn't shake the feeling that something was crawling nearby."Blend so well?"

The man who just took his place in the seat next to me at the library wore a neatly tailored suit, removing his sunglasses and gazing at me intently. One of his eyes was a deep, oceanic blue, the other a green that seemed fraught with worry and strain. I was familiar with heterochromia, of course.

He cleared his throat, lightly patting his chest, and for a moment I was worried he would belt out into opera. Instead, he elaborated on his initial question.

"Yes, Babooshka. You are..." he lowered his voice slightly, "one of us, right?"

*Babooshka... what the absolute heaven was he talking about?*

"I don't know if you know me from somewhere, but I have no clue what you're talking about. Sorry."

With that, I returned my attention to *Wuthering Heights*, which lay open in my lap. However, he snatched it straight from my hands, and flung it away.

I turned to him, and gave him a shove.

"What... the... judgement day... are you doing!?"

"Don't play dumb with me, Babooshka. You're one of us. Your eyes, your ears, the shape of your lips... it all checks out."

*What the hell did Babooshka mean? "Babooshka"?*

"Oh, really? And what exactly is "us". Idiots? I'm not an idiot, I can assure you. Now, go retrieve Emily Bronte from the corner, and let me read."

He reluctantly went over and picked up my displaced book, placing it back in my lap, and therefore, my life.

"Babooshka, no shame in enjoying human literature. No shame at all. Before most are exterminated, and the rest become our serfs, of course."

*!!!*

I balked for a moment.

*Exterminate? Serfs? Is that what they were... sent for?*

"Tell me more, yes, about your cause. You're right, I've just been playing a little dumb. Human joke, ha!"

I gave a half-hearted little chuckle, but both my eyes, each shining their own color intensely, gave a hint as to my true intent.

"Yes, Babooshka. We're to meet at..."

He pulled out a small slip of paper from his shirt pocket, and brought it close to his eyes.

"Ellenmery Apartments. Martian Meeting 3.5."

*Martian? Martian!? Is this guy crazy? Or... just maybe-- he could give me some valid information.*

"Okay, I want proof that you're not some crazy human."

"Likewise, Babooshka."

We both pulled down our sleeves, revealing the characteristic slits drilled into our forearms, small tendrils neatly wrapped up like fern coils. Veins extended in all directions from the opening, like the limbs of a tree, liquid running through our skin. His was slightly different, but I knew he was an extraterrestrial.

He nodded, an expression of curiosity on his face.

"Yours are... different, Babooshka. I've seldom seen ones like yours before."

"Birth defect. I'm Martian by race, and you are as well, so that makes us brother and sister, no?"

He stood up, dusting himself off, and put his sunglasses back on.

"Yeah, I guess so. I'll be waiting in the parking lot in a cool American game vehicle, manufactured in 1993 and bought two months ago at a used vehicle dispensary. You are welcome to come with us to Ellenmery for our meeting, Babooshka."

He waved at me in this odd way, moving his hand up and down instead of side to side, and giving what I assume to be a wink underneath his sunglasses as his lips twitched. Politely, but with a mix of annoyance and slight alarm, I smiled back at him.

"Not this time, but maybe another."

With that, he strode away, attracting more odd looks from the humans scattered about the place. Shocking, I think, is that we were quiet enough that no librarian's wrath was incurred.

He was a chatty one.

*Good fortune, running into such a dumb rot today. Those Martians must be really sheltered, to not recognize a Neptunian forearm.*

See, we Neptunians wanted this Earth. We'd been plotting for a decade.

And now we were going to make sure that these wacko newcomers didn't take it first.Just a welcome post, introducing myself. I’m bluelizardK, and I like writing (obviously). I don’t consider myself good at it by any means, but I tend to have a vivid imagination.So, the strangest thing has happened today.

My son’s name is Grastalis, after the ancient dragon lord of the same name. He is no dragon though, instead being a human who was left behind by barbarians who tried to destroy our kind. We have raised him as a Dragonborn, and one day hope to take him to the Elder Dragon at Fumar. But after today? I don’t know what to think.

I am enthusiastic about his learning. I teach him Dragonborn history, as well as the ancient arts of Dragon Magick, which you know is very difficult for a human to conjure, but possible with the right crystals. The only things I know he cannot do are fly and breathe fire. He hasn’t flown yet, and I’m quite grateful for that. But he did breathe fire. Yes, I mean it. His mouth opened, and he spewed purple flame, a color exceptionally rare even for a Dragonborn. I was...surprised, to say the least. How? Why? So I flew from Kaspar Hollow and to the Oracle Dragon. She said the following:

“Give me fifty mejions, and I will tell you the path your son undertakes.”

So I paid her, and now await a response. To make matters more frightening, he has developed the markings of an ancient Dragonborn prince all over his arms and legs. Obviously the Magick has some influence on him.

Please come soon. I think you may be the answer to our problems, Gaspard.

CLARIFICATION/EDIT: Dragonborn are humanoid, they walk on two legs but possess draconic features and can fly.I just began a new series on NoSleep! Please feel free to check it out, I could use all the support I can get.


https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/dmcit9/my_sisters_a_model_and_her_agency_did_something/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmfI immediately braced for the inevitable, the horrible cramping as the much-too heavy barbell absolutely crushed both my resolve and my arms.

"Stacy, get this off me!" I yelled, attempting to throw the instrument of my demise off of my aching body. My arms, too limp.

*God, I told him that the gym wasn't my thing.*

I saw Stacy appear above me, and place his hands on barbell, gradually pushing it off of me and onto the floor where it fell with a metallic *clank.*

"You good, Dean, sweetie?" he asked, giving me a hand as I picked myself up off the ground. "It really wasn't *that* heavy."

I felt like giving him a shove. My husband and my closest companion, but he really could be disingenuous.

"Hey, asshole,” I began playfully. “we aren't all amped-up muscle--" I furrowed my brow in pain. "F-fuck."

I doubled over in pain, my vision darkening. A train whistle sounded in my ear, blotting out every other sound with its sheer cacophony. I fell to the floor, the darkness overtaking me.

When I woke up, the leaves were everywhere.

Some had been touched by the autumn breeze, damp and multicolored. Others were dry and dessicated, crackingling under my weight as I moved around. In my mouth was the unpleasant taste of metal, and I barely registered that I wasn't waking up, cozy in bed at home.

*Uhn, I must have . . . passed out. At the gym? Gym, yeah, that's it. The barbell fell, and . . .*

I struggled to my knees, groaning slightly. I felt like I had been rudely awakened, somehow, and I desperately wanted to put my head down and let Sandman pull me under once again. But I got to my feet, the unfamiliarity of the area hitting me like a ton of bricks.

*What the . . . fuck? Where am I? What is 'where'? Where’s Stac-- I must be dreaming.*

I looked around, the gentle and damp air refreshing but so unlike the cold Boston winter that I had gotten used to. The trees swung above, shedding leaves like tears. Clouds harkened overhead, but in the horizon all around I saw gentle baby-blue skies.

"Hello!?" I called out, in a shiver. My only response was the gentle echo of my voice. "Uh, anyone there!?"

I heard a gentle groan behind me, as I felt something hit my back. I yelped, and fell to the ground, someone or *something* pinning me to the ground. I kicked my legs out, attempting to fight back.

“What… the fuck.” I said through gritted teeth, staring into the face of my assailant. “Help!”

“What’s the greatest country in the world?” he snarled, holding my wrists down behind me. “Tell me, what’s the greatest shitting country in the world?”

“Uh, um, America?” I began, before noticing the stars and stripes pin on his left chest. “Yeah, America! I’m American, I’m American!”

He released me abruptly, getting to his feet, and putting one on my knee. I winced.

“Just got smacked by the devil’s piano, yet I’m fine.” he said, looking at his chest in disbelief. “What gives?”

I remembered what my Grandma Norma had said. The “devil’s piano” being the codeword for a machine-gun during World War II. I remembered reading it in my grandfather’s letters, which he had sent her every single month, some caked in dirt and blood.

“You-- you got shot? How?”

He looked at me, with an odd look on his face. He ran his eyes up and down my outfit, pursing his lips.

“There’s a fucking war going on out there, that’s how. Pop-pop-pop, and I fell down in the mud. Found myself here, leaves falling like Frenchies.” he said, offering me a hand. I gladly grabbed it, and his strong grasp pulled me to my feet. I still felt unsteady, teetering.

“So, a war? Where? Here?” I asked, my thoughts racing.

*Where the fuck am I? And who the hell is this wacko?*

“The war? *The* war?” he looked at me, wide-eyed. “The war to end all wars? The war against Hitler and his goons? The empire of the sun?”

I balked, opening my mouth and closing it like some kind of fish. I looked at his clothing, his green-brown military garbs, the lapels and pins on the hem of his collar, his tattered and torn cap. He looked the part of a soldier, but talked the part of a lunatic.

“World War II? You mean, World War II?” I asked, holding my head. I still felt woozy as hell from my fall. “That was… over 70 years ago. How?”

His eyes widened even further, and he backed away.

“You’ve… uh… no. That’s… “

He looked at my clothes, the shorts and workout hoodie, in utter confusion. “Okay, pardon my French, but who the fuck are you?”

I felt obliged to ask him the same, but I responded. “My name’s… Dean Kercher.”

He smiled slightly. “Kercher, huh? That’s my family name.”

He pulled out something from his pocket. A small locket, tarnished and dull silver, a chain falling through his fingers. He held it out, and opened it. I looked at the picture, and him, in disbelief, back and forth and back again.

*No… that’s Grandma Norma’s photo. And Mom…*

“Grandpa Ashton?” I croaked, backing away, slightly. He did the same.

“How-- how do you know my name!? How the fuck… “

“No, you’re, I think you’re my grandpa. I can’t… I can’t explain it, but here, in this dream, you’re my grandpa. Your wife’s name is Norma, your daughter’s name is Kelly and you have another one, named Alexis, coming along.” I began, my thoughts racing and my tongue testing the waters. “You loved Salisbury steaks even though they were too expensive for you, and you got my grandma a ring that she promised to wear around her finger until the day she died. You wrote a letter every month, and you always signed it *‘to my Carnation’*, cause that’s what you called your wife. And--” I struggled to get the words through.

The man who I thought was my grandfather, sat down on the leaves, and took a deep breath.

“I’ve never shown my letters… to anyone. You-- I must be dreaming. That’s it. Jack fell down and broke his crown, that’s it. That’s all it is, Ashton.” he let the locket dangle out of his hand.

I sat down next to him. “That’s exactly what I thought, too.”

Suddenly, I heard a noise, a terrific yell. We both leapt to our feet, looking around. A man lay on the bed of leaves and twigs, twitching slightly. What seemed like a hole extended several feet in front of him, and he moved his hands in an effort to drag himself towards the hole.

“Okay dream grandson, looks like we got a situation here.”

Ashton and I ran over, and he knelt down by the man, who wore a robust suit of armor with a blood-splattered cross plastered on the front. Ashton placed his hands on the man’s chest, and sighed deeply.

“Hey, Dean. Kercher, whatever. I think he’s our ancestor. Oh man, I don’t know what dream we walked into, but I think he is.” Ashton said, candidly. “And I think he needs to get into that there hole. Look at yourself, your arms. Starting to crumble there, see?”

I looked at my arms, and saw the smallest cracks on my skin, slowly increasing in size and length.

"So-- to make sure our existence is guaranteed-- we have to save him."

The man sputtered weakly, but I could barely understand what he was saying. His eyes seemed glazed over, and he pointed towards the hole, arm shaking.

“Alright, Gramps. Let’s do it.”

We pushed the man, hands on his torso, and hoisted him into the hole. I barely heard his tremulous whispers.

*"Thank you, thank you."*

Looking down into the abyss, I watched as he disappeared, out of side, the crusader's cross the last thing I saw of my long-dead ancestor. I looked at my arm, as the cracks slowly sealed themselves together.

*Dream or not, crisis averted.*

We sat around for a while. He told me about what he did, and I answered likewise. My job as an accountant, my husband, everything. As we talked, he got weaker and weaker, more haggard and gaunt with each word.

Ashton sat weakly, leaning against a tree. “I don’t know why or how we’re here, but I’m inclined to believe that you’re my grandson, as you say you are. What happens to me, in the end? From they way you're talking, it isn't good.”

I took a shaky breath, and stepped towards him, as his hands moved, seemingly blocking out an invisible wound.

“You… don’t make it out. Of the war. My mom-- she remembers you, even though she was only four when you left. She said that they never found you, they never got to bury you.”

He smiled, listlessly, as his eyes began to glaze over.

“Hey, Dean. We’ve only been acquaintances, for what, an hour? I think I’m dying.” he began, his voice fading away with each word. “But I that hole over there, is for you. We need to keep our bloodline running, ya know? But wait, c’mere.”

I crept closer to him, and with a chilly hand, he dropped the locket in my own.

"But, can't we save you? Go, you can come with me, down the hole. We helped our ancestor survive, why can't we do the same for you?"

He smiled, sadly. "You said it yourself. I'm meant to die here. I'm not meant to get past the war. Plus, it's too late for me."

I felt my chest getting heavy.

*I got an hour with a man I'd only known of as dead. It's enough.*

"You know," he began, smilingly, before again mopping at some invisible wound and wincing. "We wanted to name ours Dean, if we ever had a son."

“This locket, give it to your mom. She'll appreciate it more than the Nazis will.” he continued, his eyes glistening. “Now, get out of here.” he beckoned to the hole which had opened up behind me. "Glad we could meet. Nice way to go, even if it ain't real."

My eyes brimming with tears, I felt him fade away until I was alone in the forest, nothing but the sound of the breeze and the crackling of the leaves on the ground. Making my way into the hole, everything turned to darkness.

I came to, my eyes opening slowly, gentle ambiance of a heart-rate monitor. I slowly looked up, where I saw my Stacy, and my mother, waiting in the corner.

The locket lay on the bedside table.

“I have so much to tell you.”Gary sat, watching mist drift through the air, as Norma Barclay read the eulogy for her late-husband, Kenneth, who lay in the ebony casket at the head of the room.

A small puff of that mist billowed from Norma’s mouth each time she said a word. As it floated towards Gary, he inhaled deeply, breathing it all in, and felt some of the pain leave his shoulders. Norma gave a shaky gasp as she finished her speech, and Gary inched closer to the aisle as she walked by with her head down, and puffs of mist siphoning into Gary’s half-open mouth. 

He smiled, aware of the smallest vapors that surrounded him. Maybe a sob here, a sob there, would elicit a few specters, crawling over the pews. *Ghosts of grief*, he called them. Maybe the moment of death would somehow be worse. He used to be an EMT, after all. He’d had the opportunity to see a lot of people mourn their newly-dead. Of course, as all good things, grief was to be moderated. Too much, and Gary’s heart would quite literally explode with ecstasy. Too little, and the still-lingering pain from the accident would overtake him.

*After all. That was the deal, right? Collect the grief, in return for health.*

The deal had downsides. Gary was practically desensitized to sadness. It played havoc on his morality, but then again, to feed on sadness he only needed to be morally shady enough to worm his way into funerals, vigils, murder scenes, courtrooms, the works. Even a walk down the street provided sustenance, from the A student who got a C in Calculus, or the recently-divorced mother who got sacked from her job, sent globs of mist which spat their way across the sidewalk, straight to his lips. His job was simply to collect all that sweet sadness, for his sake and that of his benefactor.

*Are you blameless? What’s it planning?*

Somewhere out there, in an apartment building, hidden to the public, open to only the select and the devoted, was a glass tube. Inside the tube, a fleshy, grotesque, and thoroughly unearthly baby, was hooked up to a host of tubes and contraptions which oscillated unnaturally. It was this baby, Belial, who provided the conduit that allowed Gary, after his accident, to regain his health and his sanity. After a government vehicle had obliterated his ambulance-- it was the least the black suits could do to cover things up *and* gain an ally. The job was simple-- Gary would collect grief and sadness, absorbing it to augment his own welling, all the while bolstering Belial’s incubation.

Gary’s thoughts were on that surreal little apartment, and on that grotesque and monstrous creature incubating in that glass as he watched Suzie Richter walk up with her own tribute to the late Kenneth Barclay. As he took a breath of the first stream of mist that began to emanate from Suzie, he wondered what would happen when the incubation was complete.“More.”

I continued to pour the water, tears streaming down my face as I did. The edges of my mouth quivered. Not able to speak. Into my hip, a thorn, protruded a visceral fistula, molding to my body’s subtle movements.

The screaming of the man whom I relentlessly poured piping hot water onto was utterly silent, the only noise being an ambience of gentle pulsation from my captor, and the faint heartbeat that belonged to my companion. But his skin was an angry and hellish red, and peeling to the touch. The corners of his eyes were fleshy and exposed, his mouth covered by skin. He shook violently, cowering down with each passing drift. He too was attached by a chain of biological nature, which seemed as alive as a strangling snake as it kept him anchored to the wall.

I turned to my captor, bloated and bloody chain extending from my hip running to a large, gently beating vesicle, with some vaguely humanoid features. Whatever lips were slits cut into the veiny surface, undulating, the metallic voice answered my silent pleading.

“Do not lament. I have a new task.”

Internally, every cell in my body was screaming. Sometimes I would burn him, other times scald him a thousand times, dumping infinitely replenishing water from a metal jug. Once my captor told me to inflict thousands of cuts onto the man’s body, and as I did so that metallic voice gave out the most wrenching and horrific wail. I attempted to end myself, but there was no pain. I existed. There was no life here.

The captor was unknown to us both. A week had passed, a month, a year. I would not know. In the room night was not perpetual. Harsh and clinical light was worse. I could see each scar on the man’s frail body, each lashing and each cut, each blood-filled boil, each festering wound, each parasitic worm and each hemorrhagic fever.

Now, the man, as he always did, crept up slowly, on all fours, degrading himself so utterly, so horrifically. He looked at me, and I saw nothing in his eyes. No pain, no sadness, no hatred, and if anything, resigned reluctance. He stood, the tendril releasing him for a moment, as his skin burned and crackled, falling off in droves. Masses of flesh into dust. He stood up, and for a moment looked more than sub-human. His exposed skeleton, crimson soldier, formed two flaps of skin that folded over his body like a blanket. He looked at me, the woman, his skin flawless once more.

The captor gave out a metallic drone.

“I no longer derive pleasure from this kind of pain.”

The fistula pulled me to one side, and I fell over, my hair obscuring my view for just an instant. Without a heart, torturing my soulless companion.

“Eve, we shall try this one again.”

My arm ablaze, as I limply stumbled, resigning myself to torture my companion once more. I was still human.Jonathan Seaborn’s death was an untimely one, and his family hired my associates and I to facilitate an estate cleanout while they planned the funeral.

By all accounts, Seaborn was both a well-off and charitable man. He worked as a school superintendent for twenty years, and spent his last four years retired and frequently volunteering at local youth outreach programs. In fact, only days after his death the local newspaper ran an article on him, celebrating him as a linchpin of his community. I expected a decently clean-cut job, which was not what I received.

His house was moderately large. Couldn’t call it a mansion, but it was bigger than the average home and mottled with magnolia blossoms. My client, Jonathan’s sister Ava, told me that he had named the house *Magnolia Glen*, and planted one large southern magnolia for each of his three ex-wives. Anyways, my colleagues and I proceeded to begin the clearing process, moving trinkets and belongings into an assortment of boxes. Could easily be achieved in a two to four day time period with the amount of men we had. *Magnolia Glen* had three floors- a central floor with a kitchen and living room, a middle floor with some bedrooms, and a rather expansive attic.

On the second day of the process, a small group situated themselves within the attic to clear it out completely. Portions of the room had been recently disturbed, evident by the lack of dust and cobwebs on the surfaces, while other portions had accumulated a thick layer of detritus and powder. Those workers, whilst sorting through the mess, had found a box, nicely ornamented and locked shut with a bronzed keyhole. On top of the box, a label, *“Albumblatt”* scrawled in pen. They had brought the box down, and we hoped to find the key somewhere among the jumble.

Two days later, while I was cleaning out a bedside table, I found a beautifully carved key that seemed to fit the box to a tee. A bunch of us crowded around, as I grabbed the key and placed it into the hole, and with bated breath waited to see if it would fit. It did, and the box opened with a small click to reveal a thickly bound book, small in size, which had a label with the same handwriting on it.

*“Funny girls”*

Really, my curiosity got the better of me as I flipped through the first few pages. Pictures of high-school and middle-school aged girls at events, smiling. Pictures of these girls with Seaborn, posing and making faces for the camera. As the pages flipped, the girls became more and more scantily-clad, and as the nudity became more apparent, I shut the book with a start and clicked the box close once again.

I met with Ava a few hours later, after my people had left to go home for the day. It was late, but I needed to call her attention to the photo album that we’d found. We sat down over coffee at her law office, and I handed her the book. Initially she was unconcerned, but as she flipped the pages her expression turned to disgust, shock, and eventually fear. I could make out a few of the labels.

*Alice- 7th grade fun 1996*

*Homewrk ass. For Louise, please me*

*Virginia’s first time 1997*

*Innocent 3rd grade Kelly*

*Bad girl Kelly 2001, w/ handcuffs*

Eventually, she closed the book and tossed it into the corner of the room.

“Fuck. Fuck this.”

She sunk her head into her hands and shuddered, as I looked at the upturned book in the corner with revulsion.

“We’ll go to the police, tomorrow. I have no idea what you’ve opened up, but I guess…”

We sat there for what seemed to be hours. Client and employer, bound earlier by nothing else. Two strangers, who had now opened up a box of something diabolical.

"I didn't know." She said this a lot in that tense, awkward, and twisted time, in between the tears. I myself saw something that I couldn't just erase from my mind. As the pages flipped I knew that some of them must have been younger than ten.

We did go to the police afterwards, that much is true. Slowly the newspapers dialed back the linchpin status that they gave him, and his name made a return to the pages as police searched for the victims. They say that the girls within that photo book range in age from six to fifteen, and though I saw more than I needed to, I'm glad that I didn't keep flipping those laminated pages.

I've decided to help the police find these girls. After all, I opened the box of despairs.Rowena was transfixed by beauty. After all, her life revolved around the display of perfection to thousands of onlookers. She was a rising star within Jefferson Herdsman's model agency, and was close to achieving one of the most prestigious and sought after titles in modeling- the *Ardent Juniper*. When Herdsman passed over her the first year, she thought nothing of it.

*"Next year's my shot,"* she told me, passion in her eyes. *"I'm all but destined to be the Juniper. Jefferson just hasn't gotten to know the real me that well."*

The next year came and went without jubilation. Rowena Mackenzie was a star, a gorgeous model, but she was not on that level of stardom...yet. The two years after, also passed by like a raven, quick and with a hearkening sense of ominousness. Soon, Rowena began to fall in the hierarchy of flawlessness, as she put it.

*"What do I have to do!? Fuck him? And he hasn't even asked yet."*

*"Row, I get this dedication of yours, but you've been starving and layering your face with shit for that guy the last four years. And before that it was someone else. Wouldn't it be healthy to find a more supportive manager, or something?"*

*"Jefferson Herdsman is the king of opportunity. I don't want anything but that fucking Juniper, no matter how long it takes."*

Five more years she stayed with Herdsman and his agency. I continued hearing from her, but as time passed by things became more sporadic, more distant between the two of us. She left me a voicemail one day.

*"Hey Lex. It's Row. I know we haven't talked in a while, but I've been really busy with the regiment and all that. I'm 29, you know. They call that the 'bell year' for models because it's when the funeral bells start to toll. For my career, that is. Jefferson promised that this would be my year, the year of the Juniper. I could become the oldest model to ever receive it, and he wants me to do a new training program in Ithaca. So you won't be hearing from me again in at least a month or two. Hope you're doing awesome, and I love you."*

I picked her up from a train station in Silver Springs over a year later. We hugged, we smiled, we laughed, we cried, yet there was something different about her. Her face seemed in a constant grimace when she wasn't smiling slightly or chuckling. She was missing her eyebrows completely, her lips and cheeks seemed unnaturally pale.

*"Row, you look different. What kind of things did they make you do up there?"*

*"Oh, nothing. Just a few tweaks here and there, a couple pills, nothing too bad."*

She dodged the rest of my questions, and I told her she could stay with a day before taking the train back to D.C. With the way she was acting and her reluctance to speak, I wondered why she decided to see me before heading home. We had dinner, it was fine. She told me that she was reduced to eating soft foods as a result of the regiment, so we ate at a soup restaurant in downtown. Upon returning to my house, she told me that if I heard her in the bathroom late at night, not to worry because of the side effects the pills were giving her. I obliged. I gave her the guest bedroom for the night, and she piled the dressers with various containers, some of them with a viscous liquid that I couldn't identify by sight.

That night I slept well, and when I awoke in the morning I heard muffled wailing from the guest bathroom down the hall. I crept out of bed, my mind still under the haze of dreams, and knocked on the door.

*"Row? Good morning, you okay?"*

There was no answer.

I fumbled at the door, it was locked from the inside. A small click, and Rowena opened it herself. Her face was covered in streaks of blood, and there seemed to be a circle of stitches spanning from each ear down to her chin, where the skin was red and slightly swollen.

*"Good morning, give me a few minutes clean up and I'll be fine."*

*"What the fuck happened? Are you okay!?"*

She closed the door softly, and left me standing there in a mixed state of fear and confusion.

At breakfast Rowena's face was flawless, bright. The lines and scars that I had seen earlier were gone, she seemed to smile naturally and without hesitation. Her lips, the day before pale and cratered, were glossy and rosy.

*"What happened in the morning? With your face? I'm scared for you, what have you been putting into yourself?"*

*"I told you earlier, it's nothing. We have to make sacrifices for beauty, you know?*

*"You don't even wanna catch up before you leave? I'm your brother, Rowena. I wanna know what you've been up to in that crazy world of yours. You've been dodging my questions ever since you got here. You contacted me out of the blue after years of barely anything. Maybe it's because you look the same after all these years, that I've been pretty comfortable with all this, but even I wanna know what the fucking deal is!"*

*"Chill out, Alex. I'm on a different path now. I should tell you that I've been selected for a pretty prestigious position. I'm due to be married to Jeffrey."*

I spit out the coffee that had been in my mouth, which trickled down onto my shirt.

*"Married!? To your fucking boss, who's 25 years older than you? Dad went a couple months ago, and you sent a fucking card. So you've been getting hitched to your rich old boss while your old family is falling apart? I got into a great hospital and you didn't even congratulate me, so excuse me for not being chill."*

She looked like she wanted to cry, but her eyes were as dry as could be. She wiped at them nonetheless, before looking down.

*"You don't know my situation, you don't know what I've had to give up to get where I am right now."*

We heard a knock at the door.

The man who came to the house was for Rowena, he told me. He was there on behalf of the Herdsman Agency, and would be taking her back to D.C. I let Rowena come to the door, where she agreed and turned to me, giving me a hug. She leaned in close to my ear, and whispered something.

*"I'm their first guinea pig. I'm sorry for what I had to do, and you know that I love you."*

She pulled away. The man put his arm on Rowena's shoulder, and spoke directly to her.

*"Rowena 5, are you ready? The Juniper wants to know how the process went."*

She nodded, and they closed the door behind them.

I ran to the window, where within one of the cars I saw another woman, who stepped out. The resemblance between her and Rowena was uncanny. They had the same lips, the distinctive and deep eyes, the face structure nearly identical. I saw the woman touch Rowena's face lightly, brushing it with astonishment on her face, before turning towards the window and nodding. Another woman, whose face was obscured, turned to me and a chill ran down my spine. Three long-lost twins. Doppelgangers. I felt like running out to meet them, to pull my sister back, but I didn't. I ducked out of sight quickly before they got back into the car and drove down the quiet street.

I sat back down at the dining table, and broke out into a sob.

That was the last time I saw my sister. There was never a wedding, or any indication that she had a marriage. I filed a missing persons report in her name, which was promptly shut down after they told me that she had been in contact with them and that she was cutting all ties with people in her old life. They did tell me that she left a storage locker for her family, and that she gave them the keys to pass along to me.

I opened that storage locker with bated breath, and saw that it had been decorated just like the dressing room that was decorated just like her childhood bedroom. On the bed was a cardboard box, secured with industrial tape, which I carefully unwrapped with shaking hands. The inside was stained and matted with dried liquid, and streaks of what I assumed to be blood. Something was wrapped in thick plastic within. I undid the wrappings carefully, and dropped the box as my heart sank.

It was a face, serrated at the edges, bloody. My sister's face, Rowena's face. Eyes hollow, skin pale and desiccated.

*"We bleed for our art."*“6:35, be glad you’re alive!”

The phone burst into song, and I fumbled around for it in a half-awake state, eventually hitting the snooze button. I promptly returned to sleep, though I was awoken not three minutes later by the damn alarm again.

*better change that ringtone, I guess.

Thought it would uplifting on a time like this. Things are kind of stressful right now, but they’ll calm in due time, I’m sure. I smacked my phone, probably hitting the snooze button again, and reluctantly forced myself out of bed. Goodbye, sweet slumber.

I wanted carbs, but gaining weight just before a prospective shoot is a big no-no in my industry. I stuck to a kale smoothie I had gotten as a free promotion from a health coach. It sure wasn’t appetizing as a nice piece of French toast, but I always told myself that beauty came with a cost, like a mantra of some kind. 

I dedicated a full two hours to makeup after the essentials, though in my case makeup took a spot more important than “accessory”. I spread foundation, powder, eyeshadow, lightly applied blush to my cheeks. I thought about getting one of those vampire facials done, but when I saw the bill I decided against it. I continue to survey my face in the mirror, impressed at the lack of blemishes I displayed this morning. It’s was a lucky start, or so I hoped, and I capped off the session by lightly blotting crimson makeup on my lips, which I found to be adequately supple. Listen, I’m not vain, Im fashionable. There’s a difference. I care about my appearance a ton, enough that I would have a mini-freak out if something significantly unsightly happened to my face (or my body, for that matter). Just like anyone else.

I left for Osborne at 10:00, my appointment was at one but you could never be too safe. I ended up being right when the 680 turned out to be a literal parking lot, and even with that headway I had given myself I still had the chance to be late. I sighed when I saw the gridlock, smacked the steering wheel lightly, and popped some gum into my mouth. 

While I chewed and prayed that the traffic would move, the Imperial Match began playing from my phone, and trust me, I had no choice but to pick it up. No choice whatsoever.

I smiled tightly, and answered as cheerily as I possibly could.

“Hello, Mother! How are you?”

Mother crooned on the other end. She always had this irritating holier-than-thou attitude, and she would go on for minutes on end about unnecessary angst and manners if I didn’t remember to ask her how her damn day was (the woman was really a chore, most of the time).

“Oh, Hazel, I’ve had the worst affliction of influenza lately. By the way, that’s the flu, but much worse.”

I shook my head slightly.

“Mother, influenza is another name for the flu. They’re the same thing.”

I could almost hear her start to tut, which was one thing about her that annoyed me to no end.

“So, I guess my little starlet is now a medical expert, hmm? You think you know more than Doctor Robert Bergdahl, M. D.?”

I pressed my foot down on the acceleration slightly, to keep up with the traffic.

“No, Mother.”

“That’s what I thought, sweetheart. Anyways, how’s your boyfriend, Samoor?”

I sighed, gripping the steering wheel a little tighter.

“It’s Samir, Mother, and I told you last time that we broke up.”

“Oh, what a shame. He was rich, wasn’t he? Why’d you let one like that go?”

Because he was wanted for tax fraud in three states, that’s why. He fled, to Dubai, that’s why. 

“Anyways, that’s not why I called you, Hazel. Did you took at the modeling agency I sent you?”

I smiled, both because traffic was finally obeying my whims and because I knew Mother would be happy.

“Mother, I’m actually on my way for a prospective shoot at Osborne’s right now.”

Silence on the other end.

“Mom?”

“That is wonderful, Hazel! Look at this, my little diva growing up so fast, oh, we should celebrate! I’ll get cake, red velvet, maybe?”

“Mother, I haven’t gotten the job yet.”

“Oh, trust me, you will. This is so exciting, I have to tell Auntie Norma!”

Auntie Norma was a rather kooky relative who dabbled in photography and journalism.

“Osborne is amazing. When I was in your shoes it was the most prospective agency in town. Getting an interview there, it’s big honey, it’s big.”

Good. Next time I ask for money maybe she’ll be a little less judgmental.

“So, Hazel, have you gained any weight recently? Because they are very. Particular. About that sort of stuff at the agency.”

I cringed just ever so slightly. It was exactly like another to ask a question like that.

“I saw you day before yesterday, Jesus, Mom. No, I haven’t.”

“Do not take the Lord’s name in vain. Just kidding, I do it all the time haha! I’m so glad, because you know what happened to me when I got fat.”

“You got pregnant, Mother. With me.”

“Same thing. They are merciless, Hazel. But so damn gratifying. Anyways, just asking you, because a lot can change in two days.”

I stepped harder on the pedal, preparing myself for the upcoming tunnel. I would have to stop Mother short.

“Alright, Mother, going to have to say bye right here. Love you!”

I hung up before she could ask anymore questions, and developed a satisfied smirk on my face.

Traffic was finally going fast.He did not expect to see an aged and frail man in front of him. No, he expected a muscular and “macho” man, with tattoos, a grimace, and a pistol or two in his holsters. Not a grandpa with a cane, blind in one eye. I saw the laughter and confusion on his face, it happens every time.

“This is the assassin sent by Vinto to deal with me!?”

But before they can start laughing, they are dead. In fact the moment I walk towards them, from the moment I make I contact, they are dead. Beware of an old man in a profession where men die young. That is what I tell my associates, and my clients.

I am the Vinto Cabal’s most feared assassin. I kill with no remorse, no hesitation, because I understand the human life is limited in the first place. I see no harm in cutting the strings early. From my hand comes death, comes a sweet respite from the difficulty of life. It is a gift, and a curse.

I told you, the moment they see me, they are already dead. It is courtesy of my “special” power. I have what is called the Chimeric Power, courtesy of the fact that I am multiple people grafted onto a single body. A talented magician, an expert martial artist, and a ruined demon king all gave their limbs to me, and with it I gained a portion of their souls, their power. The moment I see my target, I activate my power.

In this state I am untouchable, infathomably fast, and my cane has a double use as a Barachotoxin tipped blade. I slice and dice, only three slashes needed to kill, and leave the scene with ease. Sometimes I break a window. Other times I make a run back the way I came, delivering a cruel slice to all the ernest guards looking to avenge their dying king. As I told you I am impossible to hit, only the most precise things can hit me, the most skilled marksman may injure me.

You wonder why I am not a god by now. It is because the truth is that I am not actually as old as I look. Though I look more than 75, I am only 10, and this is courtesy of my Chimeric Power. Every time I use the power I age, more and more, until my soul shatters and I die an empty husk.

I have ten uses left.He sits at his desk, a pen in one hand, a cigarette in the other.

Letting the pen fall out of his hand and roll onto the floor, he extinguishes the cigarette and looks down at his paper. There's a half-page of work, lines fading towards the end. It's good work, inspired work. Three-hours ago, he held the paper, confident that he had something special. But, as he reads it again with a fresh mind out of a drunken haze, he realizes there is nothing.

There is nothing, nothing at all. Everything is garbage, plain and simple. 

Whatever he could have salvaged is lost, after he rips the paper in half, and those halves into half, and so forth, until he has nothing but a pile of scraps. 

"Look at me." He whispers softly, to no one particular. "Look at this."

He stands up. There's a hole in the floor, right in the middle of the room. Like the core of an apple. He makes his way to the hole, and drops the pile of scraps inside. The hole reaches down and down. Whatever falls inside eventually touches the horns of the Devil himself. 

There's a candle, too. It's starting to burn low. He imagines that outside it's cold and windy, the snow piling in drifts, and that the candle is his only source of sustenance and warmth. He eyes it, crouched in the center of the room, as it flickers and dies. 

The room's dark now. Except for the distant glow from deep within the hole. The scraps, he thinks, must be still falling.

His hands pry at the jagged and broken wood surrounding the cavity. Attempting to widen it, so that he can squeeze his own body inside and tunnel his way to the bottom. The scraps fell through easily, floating down like incorporeal specters. He wonders if the sides will even offer him enough space to shimmy through without getting stuck with his legs sticking out upwards.

He gives out a deep sigh, and sticks his hand into the crevice. He extends it, and feels something wet and sticky brush against his fingers. He doesn't recoil, but moves his fingers around. Whatever he's touching moves in tandem with him. The sides of the hole are filled with notches, which he dips his fingers into. He slowly withdraws his hand, and watches the thick black fluid drip from his fingers. Placing one in his mouth, he licks the viscous broth, his tongue suffusing with a dark purple. It tastes like the cigarette he extinguished earlier. Like the ink from a pen, or maybe the words that never were.

A gurgling comes from the hole. At first it's distant, but it gets louder and louder until it overtakes everything inside the room. He's there, on his knees, in the dark, the drone of frothing and gurgling coming from the hole that runs down to Hell. Fingers poke up from within the hole, grasping the surface. He doesn't flinch, barely registering the figure, skin hanging off the bones, which crawls from the hole and crouches in the opposite corner, the light flooding out from the crevice like sewage from pipes.

He leans back to get a better look at the figure. Haggard and gaunt, it looks just like him. Same eyes, albeit sunken and misty. Same nose, albeit thin and running with ink-like mucus. No clothing whatsoever, coated in slime. 

"Look at me." He whispers. "Look at this."

"Look at me." It whispers. "Look at this."I’m back writing for r/writingprompts regularly now, it seems. But I definitely will write independent stories as well :)

Expect something today!It should be coming later, my apologies for the delay. Had a lot of work to do today.Morrow took me into the birthing room- by then, the cramps had already begun. The eggshell-colored walls melded in with the various shadows cast by the sizable medical contraptions at the back of the room. The table, which he laid me down on with a gentle but firm gesture, was a standard hospital bed for the most part. The head was raised to give a good view of the room.

There was a painting of an apple on one wall, glass doors leading to a main atrium. After all, it was decommissioned hospital used during the war. My handlers and my employers had far different methods than the medical doctors that once roamed the halls.

“Sarisa, remember your place. Remember the contract.”

My body cramping, I nodded briskly, wincing as my arms touched the cold plastic sidebars. Morrow stepped around the bed, and as I laid down he clamped several apparatuses to my upper body. Though I had done this many times, the experience nonetheless was painful, and I gritted my teeth as the stray tear or two found their way to the corner of my eye. Morrow gently laid flower-printed bedsheets over me, which had been folded up into a pile at the foot of the bed, and took a seat on the leather chair in the corner of the room.

“You’ll be lucid for the next twenty minutes, of course. So take it all in before the painkillers kick in The pain, I mean. Pain is strength, remember?”

Through the glass doors, which unsealed with a click, came the arbiters of my birth and of my child, clad in identical metallic masks, and simple vomit green surgical scrubs. They got the routine out of the way quickly, and were not exactly kind in regards to comfort. They prodded around with gloved hands, unemotional and unexpressive in both their words and their actions. They procured a small needle, and injected me on the arm, an action I barely registered.

“Regiment?”

I nodded, between gritted teeth as each contraction became more intense. I couldn’t wait for the painkillers to begin kicking in.

“Yes. Morrow made sure of it, you can ask him.”

Morrow, who was sitting in the corner, placed his hands up in an inviting gesture and nodded.

“I’ll have to ask the good doctor about our plans for the future, but yes, she was on the regiment. She has been a faithful member of the Organization.”

The doctor entered, dressed in a more distinctive outfit and a horse’s mask. He was known to me as a genius, and an individual far removed from the rest of the Organization. Bracelets were stacked upon his wrists like armor, his skin briefly exposed under his costume. Morrow had also told me time and time again that though he was an addict of both sadism and painkillers, that he was too good for us to simply let go of.

He addressed my four attendants with little emotion.

“Work quickly.” He turned his attention to me. “and of the impregnator?”

“Equus-E. Effective. Along with TS strain- god, can’t you ask my fu...reaking handler about this?”

He gave a slight nod, down and up.

“She has been on the regiment, and her last child had significant cellular decomposition”

The doctor raised his hand and dug it into the anus of the attendant, who made a deep grunting noise. I winced slightly, the doctor had a habit of doing things like this even in the rather brief moments I had met him.

“Did I ask you to speak? I cannot recall. Work quietly, work well. Or I will do more than make you uncomfortable.”

In the corner, Morrow shook his head and continued to glance at the book in his hands.

With that, he strode out of the room as my cervix continued to expand and dilate within my body. strength I could muster and saw Morrow in the corner, sitting down on the leather armchair and flipping through a thickly-bound book.

I gritted my teeth. It hurt despite the painkillers kicking in moments earlier.

“What are you reading?”

Morrow looked up, and smiled.

“Kieran’s Guide to the Urban Necrophiliac. You should try it sometime.”

“I’d prefer not to, thank you very much.”

“Suit yourself.”

Silence was for the next fifteen minutes, as the cramps continued and the music became an ambience of the rhythmic heart monitor, the gentle gush of the IV, and the sound of my own breathing, harsh and frequent.

"Look, the doctor’s back."

Morrow looked up.

"Look alive, Sar. How’s your cervix?”

The doctor re-entered the room, and the attendants almost immediately shuffled out of the way and stood by the wall. He looked at them, and turned towards me, slightly ludicrously as a result of the oversized horse’s mask.

“You want more painkillers? You want me to fuck that piece of ass right there?”

He gestured to one of the attendants, who drew in a deep breath and whimpered slightly.

“None of the above, god, none of the fucking above. Just let me have the damn child already. When should I push?”

“Right now. I’m just in time. Just show me, and we’ll push together, okay.”

He moved towards me, I jutted my legs out. An attendant moved from the back of the room to a supply closet, rummaging around and returning to the bedside with a large tray covered with light blue paper. The other three attendants left quickly through the glass door.

The doctor placed his hands to steady me.

“Push. I’ll distract you. Come on, the Director is awaiting another child. Though I'd be fine with a failure, but if you fail that's another paycheck gone, right?”

As I pushed with all my strength, the tears falling from my eyes, he continued to speak.

“You know, that attendant that just left? The kinda fatter one? He’s always been my favorite, you know. I call him Bunny. That’s not his real name, but you have to understand that I don’t give a shit. He screams real fun, you know. I am a pretty morally reprehensible hedonist.”

I yelled slightly, as out of my innards protruded the first hairs of a small creature.

"Keep pushing, don't be a bitch. Keep doing it."

There was another shriek, but it wasn’t mine. The creature continued out, and ripped itself onto the bed as the attendant scrambled to adjust the tray so that it fell on top. I continued to scream, as the tail also came out, splattering small amounts of blood and amniotic fluid onto the sheets.

‘Excellent! Wonderful, that wasn’t so bad, was it?”

“Speak for yourself, you piece of--”

I winced, and collapsed, my eyes rolling back in defeat. Moments later, I briefly regained my composure. I looked around, my vision slightly hazy, and I could see several attendants and the doctor looking over the tray, a metallic and bovine shrieking piercing the silence.

“Show it to me.”

The attendant brought the tray over, where a gently croaking fetus-like organism sat lay, complete with a thin mane and a skeletal snout, thin flesh covering it in areas. A chimera, but as I reached out to touch it the croaking ceased.

“Oh.”

The doctor danced around slightly, the horse’s head moving back and forth as he teetered around.

“So sad, another failure. My third this week. The Director will be disappointed, of course. Let me go ...study it, please?”

He removed the horse's head, his faced lined and aged yet his eyes burning with excitement and passion. He took a deep breath, brought his face close to the tray, and took a deep sniff, smiling.

"Mmmmmm."

He grabbed the tray, as I leaned back, too exhausted to grieve the child that would not be. The chimera that would not be. I saw him stride out of the room, the attendants following, until it was empty save for Morrow and I, and the apple painting as the only member of our audience.

“Have faith.”

Morrow strode over, and gently put his hand on my shoulder.

“We’ll get a perfect one some day, my dear Sarisa. Now we can do it all over again. Another chimera, a better one. We can make the Director proud, we just need a stricter regiment. We can find a way, Sarisa, we can find a- ”

I pushed him away, weakly.

“Let me sleep, goddamn it. Just wanna sleep.”

I closed my eyes to the sound of maniacal laughing from beyond the glass door.The man had been following Mandy since she had left her friends at the bar. She was sure of that much.

She walked fast, fast enough to stay at a pace ahead of her pursuer, yet slow enough that she didn't appear arouse his suspicions. She tried to convince herself that she was being stupid, that she was being excessively paranoid in her thought process. Yet, every now and then as she looked behind her, the dancing shadows under the streetlights made her think otherwise.

Coming up to the parking structure where her car was, Mandy put a hand on the railing to steady herself and rushed up the stairs. She nearly tripped, cursing her heels as she regained her balance and stumbled towards the Toyota Camry that was illuminated by a single solitary lamppost. She made her way to the car, fingers clasped around the dark blue door handle, watching as the man walked up the stairs, the dark navy outfit he wore revealed by the occasional flash of light. By his side was a gun holster, and Mandy wasn't going to take any chances. Today was not her day to be a shooting range target. She pulled the handle and sat in her car quickly, slamming the door shut behind her. The man was right by the top of the stairwell, and he would have seen Mandy drive by, headlights scouring the path in front of her, and reflecting off of the badge on his right shoulder.

As Mandy drove, her heartbeat slowly but surely decreased in tempo. She smiled, took a deep breath, and adjusted the mirror, the plastic-wrapped corpse in the back seat laying undisturbed, just for her.The project was known as Tenebrosity Vestige, and was launched and funded by the government in order to determine the origins of a singular, highly concentrated, and geologically enigmatic space rock. Said rock had been collected by the International Space Station's debris collection system. We knew almost nothing about this piece of space debris, bar the little that we were told before the tests began. Allegedly once the large rock had become trapped within the collection system, it immediately began to interfere with the solar power source used by the ISS. Furthermore, the energy emitted by the stone, which was contained and brought back to the surface, had caused the decay and even complete absorption of the other space detritus that had found itself within the collection tank.

They sent the object, hereby known as the Relic, was outsourced to a lab in rural Georgia, where I worked at the time. We had possessed government objects before, but we quickly realized this was a volatile specimen that had apparently reacted strongly to the Earth's atmosphere. Creating minute, infinitesimal antimatter waves every now and then, as a shackled beast ready to break its bonds. I was a researcher, a geologist. Belinda Fraser, she was more of an experimental scientist who felt restrained by the bounds of simple theory. Everett Canning, there was a talented scientist. He was a stricter and somewhat uptight British physicist who had hopped the pond specifically to work cases like this. There were others, of course, but we three were the triumvirate, I feel. 

Belinda had transferred over several months earlier, and felt a kinship. Both of us were women of color in a field that was typically male-dominated. We were pals in the workplace, though she was more of a risk-taker within her research. She had been on a flagship venture in the Star Mountains of New Guinea, searching for new energy signatures close to the Hindenburg Wall, and was given a grant by the government to work for them. Canning on the other hand was a verified genius, but had found little recognition in his home country and had petitioned the US government for a job, which they gave him quite eagerly. We handled various cases, depending on the type and the science needed, and worked with numerous consultants and so-called “mercenary” scientists to get the government the results it wanted. It was my third year as a lab-based staff member at Marshall Labs, the day we began Tenebrosity Vestige.

Early in the morning, before the crack of dawn, we were at the lab speaking with tidily dressed and tight-lipped government agents who rather begrudgingly handed over the metal containment device that had been our Relic's home for the past three days.

Once we were in possession of the thing, the Relic was moved into a secure containment location reinforced with hardy and nuclear-resistant alloys and a multitude of safeguards, where we mapped it using infrared and extracted energy. Tedious work, but brilliant results, more often than not.

"It's beautiful. Just beautiful. I can't wait. Honestly. This could be the one. Something to do for everyone, you know? Let’s just skip the whole process and heat it up or something."

I glanced at Belinda.

"That right there. That's exactly how you get a Raiders of the Lost Ark situation. You want your face melted off?"

She narrowed her eyes slightly in mock amusement, and continued to read the energy charts. The virtual representation showed a chaotic storm of molecules, as molecules degraded and regenerated almost constantly. Canning beckoned to an assistant, who flipped a gauge, turning the Relic around on its exposed display. The energy seemed highly tempered, and again I thought of the metaphor of a caged beast. Simply what, however, was the trigger for such a powerful release?

"Still wanna crack that thing open, Dr. Fraser?"

"Like a kid on Christmas morning. I really, really do. All this talk of aliens and dark matter and we could possibly have something very similar right before our eyes."

"And if we all die? If this alien material somehow kills all of us?"

"At least we find out, right? I know the risks, so do you. Everyone here knows the protocol for working in a government research facility. We all knew that we were going to find some enigmas, did we not?"

"I can understand that. Dr. Canning, do you feel as elated as Fraser over here?"

Canning pursed his lips slightly, his eyes fixated upon the Relic.

"Ladies, in front of us is the most unexplained thing that I as a scientist have ever seen. Other researchers would kill for the opportunity to even test on that thing for a minute, and here I am mapping it for energy. If there was ever a religious experience in science, then this is it right here."

"Religious experience, hmm? So, you admit that this is like Shroud of Turin of the scientific community? Or Voynich? "

Canning barely registered Belinda’s statement, and began running a detection program in order to map each of those small antimatter waves. The waves were once again, as infinitesimal as our government handlers had told us they were, yet now they were as frequent as they were minuscule. Each second there were wave pulses, back and forth like a pendulum. The Relic had a rhythm, it seemed, akin to a heartbeat, or a clock. But a rhythm, nonetheless, which made it feel more human.

“Feels like a machine, not like a natural mineral. Like an artificial heart, beating into eternity, to put it somewhat poetically.”

The percussion continued among the symphony of mechanical whirring. The more I looked at the Relic, it felt more and more cosmic, and I agreed with Belinda. It felt machine-like, constructed as if an automaton.

Belinda and I sat in the break room, coffee in hand, scones on the table, after we had finished another round of observations. The hot lab was being prepared so that we could see which kinds of energy the Relic would react to. There was still a sort of childlike wonder about a new substance or material, lest of all not mentioning the alien material we had in the other room. It matched to no energy, no nuclear isotope of any element on earth. It exuded no traceable characteristics of anything we had seen or studied in Marshall Laboratory. It was beyond reason, in a sense.

Belinda took a small sip, her bangs falling gently over her forehead. She put the coffee down, and picked up a scone.

"So, in a sense, we don't know what the fuck it is."

I smiled slightly, the taste of coffee still lingering in my throat.

"Not a clue. At least we'll get to bombard it with whatever particles we can. I'm going to hypothesize here and say that it'll react to nuclear energy. I have never seen a mineral like this in my research. Not in any scientific journal, nor any theories. It truly is an alien material."

"Looks like we'll get to step into the hot room. Bombardment and observation has always been my favorite part of the process. We can find out how the world has woven all these elements together to react in different ways. One must wonder how our common elements and energies react with something like this...alien. "

She ran her hands over a scone, brought it to her mouth, and took a small bite. We sat in silence for a moment.

“This could be the big one, you know. All these years of research and training. And we’re in here sipping black and eating scones, while what could possibly make our careers and our legacy is pulsating in that room.”

“When the big one comes, you never know how you’re going to act. Sometimes the big one is just like any other day.”

“But sometimes you can feel it. I won’t call it scientific instinct, because that sounds way too pretentious, but there are days when I know we have a discovery on the horizon. It’s usually when the government sends us specimens. But you knew it was something special, didn’t you? When they woke us up at 3:30 and dragged us to the lab?”

“Yes, I’ll admit I had some pangs of excitement. Tenebrosity Vestige makes it sound quite intimidating, does it not?”

Belinda gave a little laugh.

“Of course. Like a big bad alien, ready to tear out our collective hearts.”

We chuckled slightly, before she looked at her watch.

“Going to go dump this at the lockers and compose myself. See you in there.”

I gave a small salute, and Belinda picked herself up off of the chair, promptly dropping the coffee on to the floor. There were a few exclamations and some tuts of sympathy from some passing research interns.

“Shit. The big one, and I just dropped half a cup of coffee and broke a decent mug.”

After prepping for an hour-and-a-half, clad in bulky containment suits, we entered the so called "hot room", a location where we could bombard a specimen with a smorgasbord of particles. Nuclear, thermal, really whatever we wanted. Belinda trudged through, pushing the glass door, which sealed behind her with a gentle sigh. She went over to operate the high-definition microscope, while Canning, several assistants, an older scientist, and I went over to the control panel to begin the bombarding process.

Belinda gave the OK, her lips pursed up into a nervous and faint smile. My heart was pounding as well, as I pushed the button, beginning a thermal energy bombardment. I saw the hands of the machine retract, and everything for several seconds after was silent but the contraption's mechanical hum. The Relic began to contort and expand and shrink and liquefy and solidify in the course of seconds, as a fine purple mist began to rise up and obscure our vision of the bombardment.

"Holy shit,'' I whispered under my breath.

"Canning, tune it down a bit."

He obliged, and the Relic began to retract once again and retain its original form.

Canning began fiddling with another panel.

"We need to do that again, cameras weren't rolling properly. More gusto this time, I say."

I glanced through the glass door at Belinda, who gave the okay once again.

"Start."

The machine's hum reached a crescendo just as the Relic expanded massively, and like a gunshot piercing the silent streets the glass wall which protected Belinda shattered with intense force, as the phasing Relic began to twist into a semi-humanoid shape, and causing the machine arms to be stripped back against the walls.

"Fuck, fuck!"

Canning turned the machine all the way down.

"Go alert the fucking system, now. Do it!"

"Belinda! Dr. Fraser, are you alright!?"

My voice was muffled by the thick visor of the containment suit as well as the breach alarm's shrill whine in the backdrop. I hurried over to the room, where thick smoke was pouring out in billows. I heard a scream from within, and it made my heart drop. It sounded less than human, like a cry, a shriek, the bellowing of a dying animal. Wrathful, sad, defeated, victorious, as fluid as the Relic was under bombardment.

"Canning, do we have the permission to get the fuck in there and help her!?"

He held me back slightly, his gloved hand on my hood.

"She’s compromised!”, he yelled. “We need to go get some EMT equipment first, it isn’t safe here!”

I stood in place, my heart pounding, ears ringing from the siren.

"Dr. Ross. Did you fucking hear me? We need to leave, now. There's nothing we can do for her right now! She’s compromised, you know that!"

I stepped forward slightly, pushing the glass door back slightly. My heart was pounding out of my chest.

"Dr. Ross, are you fucking insane!? This is protocol, not some stupid observation game!"

The screaming came in from within the room once again, and as the smoke cleared I vaguely saw the silhouette of the being inside. Humanoid, yet haggard and twisted, hands bent in unnatural angles. She walked out of the room, the containment suit having fused to her skin. Or what was left of it. Her flesh had been flayed into a morbid headdress, the containment suit's remnants like she was clad in armor. Her face had been torn off to reveal an empty space that seemed almost infinite, save for the mouth, which was open, the same scream echoing. "She" put her hands to her face, and contorted backwards, and lurched forwards as Canning and I backed away slowly. As she did, her torso spilled the charred remains of her viscera, as she tumbled over and began to convulse on the floor.

"Oh my fucking god. Oh my fucking god, who the hell is that?"

I whispered under my breath.

"What the hell is that?"

***"help me. please, help me. i'm still alive here for the love of god help me help me please."***

The scream again, loud, primal, guttural. The sound of flesh slowly being ripped, cells dying in seconds in such a massive rate that what was left of her torso and legs had begun to liquefy and decompose at the same time. "She" reached her hands up to what was left of her slowly devolving face, attempting to keep hold of her skin, grasping at features that were no longer there. As she did, her fingers too were breaking down quickly.

Canning turned to me.

"She's far gone, doctor. We have to go."

Reluctantly I backed away, pushing the door in front of me and wincing slightly when I heard the seal lock shut.

***“Come back and help me you fucking cowards help me!”***

She began to scream again, clawing at her fused body, as she burst into flames. The Relic began to ooze out of her open face and mouth, solidifying once again. Sitting perfectly still and solid next to her mangled and unrecognizable body.

But we were not there to hear her last words. We had fled already, after the momentary shock of such a grotesque sight.

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

Allegedly, government research on the Relic (which was kept after the incident in an extreme lockdown), revealed it to be an energy seeking organism of sorts, which fused to whatever molecules it came in contact with after activating via an energy release. It had been attracted to the sun, and was traveling towards it when it was caught in the ISS collection apparatus. Who sent it? What sent it?

We do not know.Susie Stein was quite the scientist.

So she thought, at least. She took a special pride in being able to wear the thin-silk attire and display embroidered badge just below her shoulder. She enjoyed the way it glistened when the sun peeked through the clouds in winter, when the bare branches rattled in the cold breeze.

A scientist's badge was a mark of her dignity. That was Susie's philosophy, and to her credit the scientists of Carpathian research and demonology were instrumental in the upkeep of higher society. Susie remembered the squeaking of the linoleum as she dragged her lace boots across the floor, the click that it made each time she raised her foot from the ground. The building was nearly empty, the soft-light dim across her face. The metallic door was cold to the touch, as was her badge, which she slid off of the pinion and held to the identification sensor. Her face flashed across the screen, a welcoming flash of green on the security light. The door opened, the satisfying sound of the hydraulic seal briefly disarming. A private office, government clearance needed. Susie took a deep breath, taking in the appearance of it all. The spectacle of it all.

Edward Cotton sat atop the carefully lined sofa, glanced at his watch every few seconds as if to anticipate when he would be freed from the mundane reality of life. No such call would come, and knowing this he soon turned his attention to steaming cup of cocoa, sipping it tentatively. Outside, through the one-way bulletproof windows, he watched Susie Stein approaching, the same forced meticulousness that he saw on the few occasions he had come into contact with her. He shook his head slightly, and dipped his index finger into the concoction and stirred it around. For good measure, he licked off the chocolate just as Susie carefully untwisted the knob and entered the room.

"Good morning, Stein."

Susie smiled, and took a seat in the nearest chair, once again making completely sure she was as composed and neat as she could make herself look. Her fingers gripped the leather softly, she ran her tongue over the very tips of her lips, and smiled slightly, but not too much as to become unmodest.

"Hello, Mr. Cotton."

Cotton cleared his throat, took another small sip of the cocoa.

"Edward is fine, Stein. Slept well,  hope?"

"As well as I could, for five hours, at least. Not to say I'm complaining."

Cotton put down the mug, leaned over and reached for a file atop his desk. It was early. Standing up would do him no good, but to be a bother. Plus, he half-hoped that as he reached, he would spill the cocoa all over the Pirusian carpet that belonged not to him, but his superior, and he would be chastised and thrust into a minuscule scandal. It would be better than the now.

"So, Stein, as you most probably know, you have been called into PRIVATE OFFICES 2, to discuss certain matters of litigation against your ex-colleague, Ashok Narayan."

He cleared his throat briefly, and returned his focus to the manila file folder within his hands.

"My team will be doing a dossier, collecting important information to try Ashok in a higher court of law for treasonous use of demonological research. We, therefore, have summoned you to speak on the matter here. We will be asking you a series of questions, and you will answer them or face charges yourself." 

Susie placed her hands to her thigh, looked around the room. She bit her lip, and raised one hand to briefly fiddle with her Scientist's Badge.

"Mr. Cotton, er, Robert Cotton..."

She once against glanced around the room.

"Will my position as head scientist of BRENTLAB2 be compromised?"

Cotton smiled slightly. A woman who put her job before her life, and valued it highly, he could tell. Too highly, by the forced prim and pompous aura, the controlled stances, the mask of a facial expression she wore to incur no scandal, no offense.

"Yes, Stein. Your job at BRENTLAB2 will not come into jeopardy once any involvement with Ashok Narayan is cleared. Understood?"

Susie nodded her head, her posture straight and expression unmoved.

"Will we be conducting the interview right here?"

Cotton nodded, reached back over to his desk, this time for the hot cocoa he had so forlornly abandoned minutes earlier. The clock ticked rhythmically, providing a symphony of ambiance for the otherwise mundane scene. Ashok Narayan's conviction was almost assured, Susie's cooperation was barely needed. Even if it was, Cotton was of the opinion that the litigation still would have been as torturous as now. Cotton was a man who had one himself a position of power, yet he was forced to sell his soul for such power and slave away at something he abhorred. He once again touched his pale lips to the slightly warm mug, took in the aroma, and sipped, letting the sweetness fill his body.

The telephone rung. An aria, among a subtly rising crescendo of percussion. Cotton sighed, held up a finger to Susie, and stood up. He strode slowly over to the phone, which continued to vibrate as if in annoyance at the delayed reaction.

"Cotton.

"Yes? But!? Sure, sure. No, that can't-

I'll be right over."

Cotton slammed the phone down, an expression with trouble, confusion, and a hint of happiness on his face. A slight smile forming, he grabbed his coat from the rack near the door, and turned to Susie.

"This interview is over, go back home. Come to work tomorrow as the head scientist of BRENTLAB2, as always."

He pondered for a moment.

"Or not."

The door closed, and the head researcher of BRENTLAB2 was left in Cotton's office, watching through the one-way bulletproof windows at her to-be interviewer walking away.

She was a good scientist. She grabbed Ashok's file, but was interrupted by an attendant, waiting to escort her out of the building.

"My apologies, Miss Stein, but I will have to ask you to leave now."

A forced smile on her face, Susie turned back.

"That's alright. I was going to leave myself."

She walked out, heard the door gently shut behind her. She could almost see Ashok's file, still on the floor where she had left it.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'm back, guys!Jasaw, Jasaw.

I encountered it in 1974 first, whilst traveling through the country of Corneria. I was trekking through glades and open pastures, through ghostly forest wrapped in thick mists. I climbed rolling hills and rocky crags, my life was a nomadic one, having less purpose than it does now. At last through a glade I gazed upon a village, a place to stay for the night. The sun was falling, I did not want to be among the trees in the dead of night.

Upon my arrival to the village, I approached a large congregation, a gathering of men and women. I hoped I was not intruding, yet my need for shelter as well as my curiosity led me towards the very back of the crowd. I stood behind, attempting to see what their attention was fixed on, but to no avail.

I soon got the attention of a stout man, wearing thin brown linens, short boots on his feet. The anticipation of the crowd was growing, I could feel a restless energy from their movement.

“You, you are a traveler?”

I nodded, feeling out of place in this scenario. 

He approached me, and grabbed my arm, not with too much force.

“Come, I shall lead you to a better viewing spot.”

I was led past the eager crowd, through the cobblestone toward a different vantage point, one where I could easily see what the cynosure was.

A large wooden platform, adorned with purple and red cloth. Two chairs in the middle, a circle of what appeared to be ash on the surface of the platform. A small altar was located at the very back, with several items lain on it.

“What is happening?”

“You will see in due time.”I’m beginning an anthology series, short works that all revolve around the worlds and characters I have created. I’ll pin this post, and probably write one every day or two.

A lot of characters from short little pieces I’ve written will be woven in somehow, and some of these will be bona-fide stories, others tidbits of lore or background information.

I do need your help though! I would love if you could give me feedback! Which characters do you like, which do you not like. Do you like some aspects of lore? Or maybe not? It really helps :)

I’m excited!

-blk“Oh no.”

I look down at the vagrant’s body. He wears a royal insignia under his tattered robes, as well as a gorgeous carnelian signet. On his ears are earrings made presumably out of rubies, plated in solid gold. He was a prince, or a noble under those tattered old robes. No, he was different.

I look at the insignia, and I realize what it means. He was the king’s Chosen One. He was the one destined to save the Kingdom of Werloden from utter despair, from the brinks of ruin. He was the one destined to defeat the vile Nighttiger Stormwell, a sorcerer of the highest order. He was in all means speaking, the Hero of Werloden!

I look around, and whistle softly to myself. No one needs to know this happened. It’s a slow day, my partner is on his break, and no one saw what happened. I pocket the earrings and carnelian signet. Sorry, too good for me to resist. I toss the Chosen One insignia into the nearby drain.

Now, I’ve been the guard here for 30 years, and I’ve killed more than you can imagine. All of them are buried deep in the nearby woods, courtesy of being assigned to the far outer castle post. King Dormenscu needs not to worry about a little thing like this. I’ll do him a favor, and dispose of this trash.

I always keep a little wheelbarrow in a rut nearby, and I heartily load his body into the vessel, whistling to myself to keep me company. Beautiful day, beautiful day. I cover him with the sheet I always use. I’ll dispose of him a little bit later, just a little later.

I take the opportunity to push the wheelbarrow a little ways into the thick woods, to prevent it from being seen, as that would be quite a bother. When the sunsets, and I return home to my house in the woods, I will take the wheelbarrow with me.“What the hell is this?”

Gordon is pissed. He states it me with those steely eyes, judging me while I attempt to make a French stew I learned about in an amateur cooking class I took in 1999. Bouillabaisse, I think it was called. Oui.

“This is trash, you stupid bugger! Do you know how to fucking cook!?”

I sighed. We were in a dessert island. No, not desert. Dessert. And Gordon only wanted French food. None of the hundreds of confections found on the surface, none of the delicious candy corn trees or gumdrop littered forests literally oozing with sweet nectar. What’s more, he refuses to cook. Anyways, as a member of his production team and his personal psychologist I was liable for his safety, particularly mentally. So I satisfied his whining.

“You damn fool, I can cook a hundred times better than that you dumb American pig!”

Oh save me. Anyways, the soup was done, and I poured it out into a bowl. Thank god for Gordon’s personal plane kitchen and bowl collection.

He takes a spoon, and drops it. He gets a glazed over look in his eyes, as he begins to reminisce about his cooking and his soul, his idea of god and mysterious forces around us that make us who we are. He remembers his childhood, his friends and family wishing him a happy birthday, the aroma of food all around...

“This is shit!”

He throws the bowl and it shatters.*“Well now, in the streets the children screamed, the lovers cried and the poets dreamed…“* 

“American Pie” was blaring in tinny tones from the speakers, as the elevator rose. Up and up went the floor number on the counter, counting quickly.

*3, 4, 5, 6…* 

*Madonna’s version*, I thought forcefully, as I tapped tapped my foot, waiting for the counter to read seventeen. *Pop pandering, is all*.

I didn’t want to be seen as some sort of music elitist, but I couldn’t disguise that fact that Madonna’s version just irritated me beyond belief. Something about the replacement of Don McLean’s soulful strums and melodies… ugh, it wasn’t a big deal. Gymnopedie No. 1 would have been a more apt choice for an elevator.

I watched, as the counter, as if it were slowing down simply to spite me. I was already, in my mind, running late. My mom used to have this saying, and she would use it far too often-- *“early is on time, on time is late”*. If there was a moment in which I should have heeded it, it was now, heading to an interview for what would hopefully be my first real job out of college.

It was nearly there, but as fast as I could take a breath and step forward to anticipate the elevator doors opening, the lights faded in an instant, and all upward motion stopped completely. Madonna’s vocalizing continued, albeit quiet and subdued.

“Fuck.”

I pressed the “Floor 7” button several times, and one final time extra hard for good measure.

“Shit, then.”

I smacked the panel in annoyance, and leaned back against the wall.

“Screw being on time for the interview, right?” I said, to no one in particular.

My fourth failed interview in four months. I really don’t know what it was, holding me back. Attitude? Aptitude?

I pushed the emergency button a few times, with increasing urgency as it failed to respond. After a few moments, the door slowly opened, showcasing a dimly lit hallway. 

*Uh… we aren’t on floor 7 yet*, I thought to myself, taking a deep breath before I called out.

“Hello?”

There wasn’t a single sound save for my breathing, and Madonna in all her glory. Though I tried my best to stay calm, my heart started to pound out of my chest like a war drum. I felt compelled to leave the safety of the elevator behind and venture into the strange new floor, as dimly lit and unpleasantly decrepit as it looked from afar.

*At least I have American Pie to keep me… “company”,* I thought sardonically, as I stepped out of the elevator. The air immediately felt damp, and I resisted the urge to shiver as the sensation crawled across my skin.

I nearly leaped out of my skin as the elevator door shut behind me. There was scarcely a sound-- save for my breathing, which grew heavier as I inched down the hall.

The hallway, lined with damp wallpaper across decrepit plaster, stretched for as far as the eye could see. A gentle light illuminated the moist linoleum, water-stains running through the floor like veins. Nails lined the walls, presumably where pictures once hung.

*What the fuck is this place? These walls… this isn’t wallpaper. These are newspapers.*

***Plane C ash kil s 45***, ***Four killed in hou e fire***, ***Bo y exhumed; serial       suspected***… I could barely make out the headlines, but they seemed to stretch out for miles and miles, just readable in the dim light. They stuck together, held by some sort of dripping fluid which made stains on the ground where it met the wall. 

“Hello? Anyone there? Elevator’s… stuck… “ I called, hints of uncertainty in my voice. The air was musty and stale, the faintest hint of a chemical aroma. I tried not to slip on the pools of liquid under my feet, edging down the hallway vigilantly and hesitantly, looking over my shoulder every now and then. I was almost sure this was one of *those* situations-- a clown would jump out at me from nowhere, a fang-baring dog would creep up behind me, a man with a hook, perhaps?

*Didn’t teach me this shit at Georgetown.*

“Hello! Hello! Hi! Elevator’s stuck!” I raised my voice, both out of an increasing sense of dread and a need to determine where the nearest human was.

“I’m supposed to be on floor number seven, floor number fucking seven!” I yelled, before falling silent, and taking a deep breath.

*Lester, breathe. No need to get worked up over a service floor. Or at least what I think is a service floor.*

To my left was an open doorway that led into what looked like a hospital room, metal trays and carts bearing a slight shine in the luminescence. Just to be safe, I reached into my pocket, clutching my car keys, and thrusted the pointed edge through the gaps of my enclosed fist. 

*Might not be a gun, but it could probably poke someone’s eye out all the same.*

My knuckles turned white as I pondered whether to turn into the small room, or to continue ahead. The elevator door in front looked exactly like the one I had exited minutes earlier. Instead, shaking my head slightly, I made the turn into the room, where the source of the light seemed to wax and wane in brightness within a glass display at the very center. The walls wore more peeling newspaper like a battle-scarred suit of armor.

I inched closer, a faint noise becoming more clear to me. 

*The heartbeat of a machine*, I thought, attempting to make sense of the almost inhuman drone.

The noise pulsated, at first a quiet hum, then a loud wail. It moved around in my ears, like a pair of disjointed headphones switching dominance. I couldn’t help but tremble, the sound was like nothing I had ever heard in my life. No avant-garde music, no intense death metal that I had listened to on a dare, not even the most bone-chilling piece from a horror movie that stayed in the back of your mind for months. 

*This… this isn’t a service hallway. This is something different, and it’s something I wasn’t meant to see. But… I can’t turn back, not now. This is different, this is new.* 

“What the fuck is this?” I wondered aloud. The moment I spoke, I wanted to smack myself in the mouth.

*Shut the fuck up, you absolute moron.* 

The glass display at the center of the room was a crystal ball, suspended by a throne of wires, rotating cords, and thick, engraved, metal. Bolstered by layer upon layer, barely tarnished in comparison with the rest of the decrepit room. The orb at the top was misted over, making it impossible to see whatever its contents were, regardless of how close I approached. 

I reached a trembling hand out and gave the glossy sphere a light tap. 

Responding to my touch, the display spun around, and opened like a rosebud, small clouds of mist rising into the air and disappearing, light increasing in intensity, highlighting the small nooks and crannies in the tile-covered room. I knelt down to examine the base of the odd machine, as the drone, as the elevator music had done earlier, quietened to a brief whisper.

Adorned to the layers of metal, was a tarnished nameplate. As the light waxed in intensity, I could make out what the letters said.

***BELIAL FETUS***, read the engraved phrase. I shivered, even reading the name felt unnatural, unholy somehow. I stood up, briefly looked around me holding one hand still clenched with the sharp key-end extending from the knuckle, and looked into the orb.

My eyes widened, my thoughts began to race even faster, my heart still faster than that. A war drum in full battalion.

*I’ve gotta be dreaming. No, I’ve gotta be dreaming. This… isn’t happening.*

A crimson, fleshy, half-skeletal baby, attached to a writhing stalk which seemed to undulate every millisecond. Half of the thing’s face was covered with some sort of stone mask, and the stalk emanated with energy, connecting to the throne of metal and pulsating rubber that its crystal home sat on. I backed away, attempting not to vomit, grimacing.

As I did so, I heard something faint in the distance. A small *beep*, followed by music.

*“Bye bye, Miss American Pie, drove my Chevy to the levy but the levy was dry.”*

Footsteps, a quick patter, from right behind me. I touched the orb again, and thank god it closed up like a receding bulb. The lights dimmed once again. Someone was coming from the elevator.

*Shit, shit, shit. This is a dream, right? Ahaha, right!?*

I dropped to the floor and crawled to the other side of the room, opening one of the cupboards. The cranny that it opened to, just big enough for me, seemed a godsend, as I snuck in, closing it behind me, and leaving just a crack between me and the figure that walked in the door.

I heard an ashy chuckle, as the lights once again intensified.

“Belial, we’ve done another one for you.” the voice enunciated. “Another train this time. Just for you, dear Belial.”

He began breathing heavily, I could barely make out his moving shadow from inside my erstwhile perch. I attempted to keep my own breathing as light as I could make it. 

“More souls, my God of all hosts.” he continued, wheezing after the last word. “More people out there, with your fragments in them. When you are strong enough, you know what you must do.”

The same unnatural, and frankly, alien, drone increased in intensity again, almost as a response to the man’s question.

“Milord, you work in mysterious ways. But we will work to fulfill your goals. All seventy-thousand of us, across the world. All for you, milord.” he ended.

The drone transitioned into a shrill metallic shriek, as I watched the shadow dissipate, and the noise do the same.

Still clutching the key, I took a deep breath, and held it in as I opened the cabinet door, and crept out on my knees, crawling towards the door. I peeked around the corner, where the figure was waiting for the elevator to open.

*Hit him with the key, do it from behind, whatever. It’s the only chance I have to take the elevator.*

I clenched the key in between my fingers, as I crept through the hallway towards the elevator, my next course of action clear.“Smile, love.”

Tina and her young daughter posed for the upright camera.

The flash of light was brief, and she walked towards the photographer to examine the picture, visible on the screen.

“Oh, it’s wonderful. So clear, and this dress is perfect.”

She beckoned towards the child, who still stood by the stone steps in front of which they had posed.

“Corrine, take a look at the photograph you took with Mummy.”

Corrine shyly walked towards her mother and the cameraman, her mother holding her as she did so. After a moment, Tina turned to the photographer.

“We’ll have one more. Will that do?”

“Of course. We’ll take another.”

The dress floated in billows as Tina returned to the second step, taking her place behind Corrine, whose face plastered into a smile.

“Just one more, love.”

The two of them returned to look at the photo.

“God, what is that?”

The photographer put a finger on the screen, right behind the eternally smiling pair.

“Look, look at that!”

Tina’s heart sank as she looked, goose-flesh running up her arms.

*No, no. It couldn’t be, not now. Not again, not so soon.*

In the photo, the placid Tina held her arms around Corrine, who wore that half-grimace half-smile on her face as she anticipated the flash. Behind them, where the photographer had pointed, was a man, half-naked and clad in torn furs, his face shadowed by a hood. He perched on the railings like an over-sized bird, hands outstretched.

Tina instinctively grabbed Corrine, turning towards the photographer.

“Did you see, did you see that? While you were taking the photo, did a man climb up onto there?”

The photographer shook his head vigorously.

“No, ma’am, I didn’t see anything of the sort. Not while I was taking the picture, at least. Friend of yours?”

Tina pulled out her wallet, shoving a wad of cash into the man’s hand.

“Take all of the money, and delete every single picture.”

“Ma’am? I can’t take this--”

“I'm telling you to delete it, I'm paying extra, delete the fucking photographs!”

Tina held Corrine close as she rushed over the lawn to the parking lot.

*I left him because of this. I had left it all.*

*No. It can't be back. Not here, not now.*

“Mummy, the picture? I’ve seen him before, in Daddy’s photos.”

“Mummy doesn’t have time to explain. Get into the car, Corrine. Now.”

Tina pushed Corrine inside, and slid into the front seat. In the mirror, Tina watched Corrine take a deep breath and fall limp. Tina’s heart froze.

Another pair of eyes became clear to her in the rearview mirror.

“Hello, Celestina.”

“I can’t. Not now. I left it behind, all behind.”

“Your husband was a good man. He raised a vessel for Moloch. But you cannot just snatch our property away.”

Tears streamed down Tina’s face, in a volatile mixture of fear and anger.

“Your property? She is my fucking daughter. My darling, not yours or any of your Molochites. Did my husband not tell you that I wanted nothing to do with your little witch parties?”

“Matriarch is old, Celestina. Moloch needs a new host.”

The man with the dancing eyes, who crouched in the backseat, took his hand and caressed Corrine's light blonde hair.

“She’s perfect. You know that, don't you?”*“Well now, in the streets the children screamed, the lovers cried and the poets dreamed…“* 

“American Pie” was blaring in tinny tones from the speakers, as the elevator rose. Up and up went the floor number on the counter, counting quickly.

*13, 14, 15, 16…* 

*Madonna’s version*, thought Lester forcefully as he tapped his foot, waiting for the counter to read seventeen. *Pop pandering, is all*.

He was nearly there, but as fast as Lester could take a breath and step forward to anticipate the elevator doors opening, the lights faded in an instant, and all upward motion stopped completely. Madonna’s vocalizing continued, albeit quiet and subdued, as Lester pressed on the button in an attempt to get the elevator moving again.

“Fuck.”

He smacked the panel in annoyance, and leaned back against the wall.

“Well, I guess we can screw being on time for the damn interview.”, he said to himself.

*Fourth failed interview in a few months. I went to Georgetown for what? Street credit?*

Lester pushed the “emergency” button a few times, with increasing urgency as it failed to respond. After a few moments, the door slowly opened, showcasing a dimly lit hallway.

“Hello?”

There wasn’t a single sound save for Lester’s breathing, and Madonna in all her glory. His heart began to pound in spite of himself.

*At least I have American Pie to keep me… “company”.*

He stepped out of the elevator, and nearly leaped out of his skin when the door shut behind him. There was scarcely a sound-- save for Lester’s heartbeat and breathing.

The hallway, lined with damp wallpaper across decrepit plaster, stretched for as far as the eye could see. A gentle light illuminated the moist linoleum, water-stains running through the floor like veins. Nails lined the walls, presumably where pictures once hung.

“Hello? Anyone there? Elevator’s… stuck… “ Lester repeated, with hints of uncertainty in his voice. The air smelled musty and stale, with the faintest hint of a chemical aroma. He tried not to slip, as he edged down the hallway vigilantly and hesitantly, looking over his shoulder every now and then. 

“Hello! Hello! Hi! Elevator’s stuck!”, Lester raised his voice, both out of an increasing sense of dread and a need to determine where the nearest human was. “I’m supposed to be on floor number seventeen, floor number fucking seventeen!”

At last, to his left was an open doorway that led into what looked like a hospital room. Lester reached into his pocket, clutching his car keys, and thrusting the pointed edge through the gaps of his enclosed fist. It made him feel slightly more assured. Ahead of him was an elevator door that looked exactly like the one he had exited minutes earlier, so he made the turn into the room, where the source of the light seemed to wax and wane in brightness within a glass display at the very center. The walls wore peeling paper like a suit of armor.

As Lester inched closer, he heard a faint noise, the heartbeat of a machine. A metallic drone, pulsating, at first a quiet hum, then a loud wail. Trembling, he reached his hand out to touch the glass display.

*This… what is this?*

“What the fuck is this?” he wondered aloud. 

Responding to his touch, the display spun around, and opened like a rosebud. A nametag, engraved onto a silver plate, was attached to the front of the unopened base.

**Belial Fetus**, it read.

A crimson, fleshy, half-skeletal baby, attached to a writhing stalk which seemed to undulate every millisecond. The “baby” had a gaping mouth, and turned to him, eyes hollow, and organs partially exposed. The display glowed with energy, as Lester, attempting not to vomit on the spot, backed away slowly.

As he did so, his back to the open doorway, he heard something faint in the distance. A small *beep*, followed by music.

*“Bye bye, Miss American Pie, drove my Chevy to the levy but the levy was dry.”*

Footsteps. 

Lester realized that he wasn’t the first to have come across this display.

His heart pounding, he whimpered as a chill ran up his spine, and into his ears.

“I don’t know how you stumbled into Belial’s Floor, but rest assured… you will not make that mistake again.”Christie, a bespectacled and timid-looking man who had barely articulated on the stand, crouched over the seat and sobbed as the magistrate spoke. His shoulders shook, and he removed his glasses, wiping at his face with his bare hands.

Timothy Evans, his neighbor, stood in front of the audience, his face red and his expression full of shock. Christie looked away, his trembling fingers placing the thin-rimmed spectacles back onto the bridge of his slender nose.

“I-I-I… I swear, you’re making a mistake.\`\` Evans began in quavering tone.

“I didn’t kill Beryl, I didn’t. I loved her, for godssake I loved her! God, please, we had our differences, but I loved her! I loved them more than anything.”

He began to shake, Christie looked down, averting any eye contact with the pitiable man.

Evans’ voice grew to a shout, one of desperation and finality.

“Geraldine… you people think I killed my own daughter? You think I killed her and left her in the laundry room like some mongrel!? What kind of monster do you--”

He gave a tremulous breath.

Evans raised a finger, and pointed it towards Christie. John Christie, his neighbor.

“It was Christie, he was the one he did my baby in! It was him, believe me. He’s done it before, he has.”

There were murmurs and scattered conversation, and Christie briefly looked up, making eye contact with Evans, whose pupils shone with equal revulsion and anger.

*“No, no, that’s not true. He killed his own wife and child, out of what motive? Oh, I weep for Beryl, for Geraldine. Oh God, poor Geraldine. Oh God, what must she have suffered in those final moments. I wish I could have been there when he wrapped his fingers around their throats. I wish I could have saved them , Oh God.”*

Christie looked away again, and whispered under his breath.

“God have mercy on Timmy Evans.”

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

“God, the air’s wretched.”

The young woman sat down on the bench, sighing deeply.

“Awful stench lingering everywhere, like a machine. I’ve had many patients come by asking for help with the stink-- it eats at the lungs, yeah.”

“Oh! You’re a doctor, no? Flyin’ heavens, I’ve been looking for one. And you are, hee hee, *Doctor ...*?

“Christie. John Christie, of 10 Rillington Place. I have a contraption that I devised after the war. It’s helped a great many people, you should come by today and see it.”

He smiled reassuringly, clearing his throat. His handkerchief was folded up and placed into the pocket on his button-down shirt.

“Are you sure you’re a doctor?”

“I don’t like to brag. Call me a man who likes to help others, I suppose.”

Christie chuckled heartily, glancing over at the young lady, who didn’t budge an inch off the bench.

“Alright, how about this? No Doctor Christie rot, okay? You can call me Reg. We can have some biscuits, some tea, take your mind off of this awful repression.”

“Alright. Reg, huh? I like that, Reg.”

“God, and should we go now? I hate this stink.”

Christie smiled, patting at his glasses with a handkerchief.

“Why not?”

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The young woman smiled silently, as Christie dragged her by the legs into the pantry.

Christie wiped at the sweat on his brow, closing the gassing pipe. The air possessed the faint smell of coal gas, but it didn’t bother him. It didn’t bother the lady either.

After closing the pantry quickly, ensuring the rancid smell of decomposition didn’t waft too far, John Reginald Halliday Christie passed the window that overlooked the neighboring flat. He saw the laundry room where he had strangled Beryl and Geraldine in cruel lust.

He looked down, and adjusted his glasses.

“God have mercy on Reg Christie.”It was through the pounding and relentless torrent of rain that Kim Macon spotted her ex-husband’s car by the side of the road, lights flashing. As soon as she had received a call from him, everything had been dropped immediately. Not for him, of course. For her son.

She swerved to a halt, cutting across the road, and stopped by the dirt. Getting out of the car, she instinctively shielded herself from the deluge.

As she inched towards the dark blue Nissan, her heart pounding, she thought of all the morbid scenarios in her head.

*Murder-suicide, kidnapping, double-murder…*

*Did he start drinking again?*

She tentatively reached for the door handle, the inside of the car was dark. As she did, a small voice interrupted her and subsequently made her heart drop two stories.

“Mommy?”

Her son, dressed in a glistening red raincoat, stood in front of her, his face clearly visible even through the shadow of his hood.

“Jesus. Sweetheart, you scared Mommy. Where’s Daddy?”

He pointed to the car. Kim opened the front door, to find what she could only describe as a shapeless skin, desiccated and matted with stains. She made out her ex-husband’s face in the dim light, eyes staring at her, hollow and unflinching, streaks of dark down from the sockets. Next to it, in the other seat, was a red raincoat, devoid of a wearer, but a blunt and fleshy stump stuffed into the hood.

Kim froze, her vision going slightly blurry, and turned back to her son. Her hands, dripping wet and cold, shook slightly.

“Who are you?”

His face morphed into hers, with a smile that exposed razors.

“I’m you.”Let’s just forget about the ARG, shall we? We’ll start over, start with something else.As I sit in my living room, my eyes dart over to the black leather sofa. I lick my lips slightly. It's been a while, so long that I can almost hear it, taste it, feel it. I get tingly with excitement just thinking about it. I can envision it all falling into motion as it had the month before. The panic. The rush. The excitement. The pain. The art of it all. I am an artist, a maestro. I am a grandmaster, a virtuoso of the highest order. My medium is murder! My brush is the gentle stroke of the knife! The reaction I invoke? Pain.

Yes, it is decidedly so, I am much too excited to keep still. A piano player must practice, no? Just as a master of carnage such as myself must practice his art, as much as possible, yet keep the work fresh, original. The last who arrived evoked an orchestra of pain, a chorus of agony. It was no Picasso, though. Far from my magnum opus. I would say more like a latter-period Jackson Pollack, with a sense of organized chaos. As they say about my art, the scene...is...everything!

I set the stages in public areas. All three of them so far, I believe, have been received by my critics wonderfully. The pain is everything to me. The agony, the death mask, the inhumanity of it all, oh help me! They have taken to calling me the Sculpture Maniac. Maniac!? For creating such beautiful works of art!? Or perhaps for their failure to comprehend my letters, which describe a pain so deep it touches the soul. These words hurt me. Like the strokes of the knife on my projects, they cut into my psyche. I will prove them wrong. I will create perfection.Caruthers looked down at the steely current, the waves lapping up and crashing into the rocky cliffside. He scoured for a ledge to hang onto, any small island of rock to offer respite from the relentless ocean’s torment.

His erstwhile companion, Marquette, kicked a pebble over the crag, which fell into the swirling waters below.

“Three people cast themselves into the ocean at this location. Three weeks later, near identical people appear clothesless, no personal belongings at a university in Desperado. They are kept in a secure facility, as you know, and are catatonic.”

Marquette pondered, the wind blowing his silvery hair back in wisps.

“The scientists who examined those three ...for lack of a better word, homunculi, noted that their DNA and RNA was modified. No body hair, skin thin and fragile as paper. Their eyes changed, multicolored, and they could not speak. However, three weeks earlier their car had been found near this very location, and their belongings right where we stand. They found a camera that recorded the moment of their leap. There seemed to be no motive for the action- three successful professors of world history casting themselves into the ocean. The authorities are already suspecting demonic manipulation. The first serious case in awhile.”

Caruthers didn’t answer. He continued to look into the watery abyss. *L'appel du vide*, the French had called it. The call of the void. Something prompted those three to leap into the whirlpool. A sacrifice? A suicide? Why that landmark, that location?

“Marquette, why? Would they cast themselves into such a remote and obscure whirlpool, of all places, if they didn’t know prior-hand that something was different about Argillum’s Whirl? We haven’t seen a demon since the war. The peace sent them back into the Netherworld, so if demonic manipulation is suspected must mean that a demon has poked its filthy head back into our world.”

“I’m glad you’re theorizing. The Institute has sent us to test that theory. We cast something into the Whirl, and see if sometime late a homunculus turns up in Vale University. The professors videotaped their jumps, so obviously they found some significance here.”

Caruthers followed Marquette back to the car. They returned moments later with a small box.

“Dr. Marquette, what’s in the container?”

Marquette opened the box to reveal the contents-- a sedated Pomeranian.

“Oh. Subject for the day?”

“Better than throwing a human in there.”

Marquette steadied his hand and undid the lock, dropping the box by his feet. He picked the dog up, and prepared to throw it over the edge, but was interrupted by the exclamation of Caruthers, who was teetering dangerously over the edge.

“Caruthers? Eli!? Stay with me now, man. There we go, stay with me. Is something getting into your head?”

Caruthers felt the void calling him as he peered over the edge with his foot as close to the multi-yard drop. He smiled as he stepped over, and careened into the churning waters as a frantic Marquette called down.

A week later, a man, hairless, pronounced heterochromia, appeared naked and covered with viscous fluid near the Amber Relic at Vale University in Desperado. He was unable to speak, had no memory, and looked just like the recently deceased demonology intern E.N Caruthers. He was kept in containment with the other homunculi.

As he was visited by friends and acquaintances alike, researchers and demonologists who prodded at his skin and injected him with various serums, he felt the need to scream, to shout, to say something. But he could not. His mind was still running full speed after his encounter with the void under Argillum’s Whirl.

His soul, however, had been plucked away by the emerging demon that had begun to awaken under the churning blue.As Terry was driving back to his apartment, the radio cut out abruptly.

At first, for a couple seconds, there was only the sound of the engine's hum, but as quickly as it had cut off the radio blared once more. Though, this time, it was something different. A mechanical siren, shrill like an emergency alert. The sky was cloudless that night, the air balmy but not too hot.

*Can't have anything to do with the weather. No, that can't be it.*

*Amber Alert? That could be it. Yeah, that's probably it.*

"We have been told that if you are indoors, stay indoors. Do not go outside. Pray for those who are still outside under the black curtain."

Terry swerved, distracted by both the soulless narrator of the warning, as well as the mass of cars in front of him. As he stopped, having pulled into a grassy road-bank, he noticed that each car had its doors open, and numerous people had gotten out and turned their attention to the sky, as clear as glass. With each twinkling star in sight, he stepped out of the car into the pleasant air, and looked up as well. He couldn’t help it. He attempted to step back into his car, but the pull the stars seemed to have on him was as powerful as any force he had experienced. He slowly craned his neck upwards, and gazed into the murky abyss of galactic mystery.

As he watched the stars, one by one, disappear into inky black, he was unaware of the people around him falling silently, one by one, as numerous as those stars. His neck slowly pulled backwards, until the skin gave way at his throat, and the bones cracked as they imploded upon themselves.

No one on Earth could see the stars blossom into spectacular orchids, as they rained down the embryos of the next generation upon their newly liberated soil. The broken corpses strewn along the roads and highways would serve as hosts. And the ones who had survived, inside their houses, trapped by their fear, would function as serfs."So, what do you need it for?"

Frederick Lamaza chuckled, as he jotted down some notes and tucked the journal away.

"Ahahaha, just some recreational fun. Get it to me fast, I'd appreciate it.”

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*Datura, jimsonweed. A hallucinogenic that grabs and gives you a dance with death herself.*

Lamaza received the powdered stalks in a nicely sealed plastic bag. Maybe it was jimsonweed, maybe something absolutely terrible, who knew? As long as it brought him closer and closer to the Moment.

Ah, yes, the Moment. He was going 65 in a 40 zone. That year he had grown fed up with the toils of daily life. He wasn't going to kill himself, but he was going to live for once in his miserable existence. He started by sniffing some cocaine, spending a night in a Wendy's bathroom high out of his mind. Sweat-drenched awakening didn't do it for him, but it was a change from late nights spent at a preppy university studying for a godawful profession he had no business poking his nose in.

Continued with his antics, pondering existence in a small studio apartment paid for by a trust-fund. He was that kind of trust fund *baby.* Drank some alcohol, smoked some weed. No cocaine, because as awful as he was feeling it made him feel even worse. Spent a month in a state of limbo, until his savior arrived. He was going 65 in a 40 zone.

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Metal was twisted, licks of fire lapped at the sides of his mangled metal carriage. He called out, his voice echoing in the silence of night. No one could hear him, or so he thought, and his legs and arms hurt like hell. A passing motorist would shed their beams of hope on the sad sight, eventually, but for twenty minutes it was Frederick Lamaza, his thoughts, and the pain. And oh, he fucking loved every second of it. Every moment of the agony was special to him, and he couldn't figure out why. Maybe it was because, in his woozy state in the ambulance later on, he saw himself and the matron of death hand-in-hand, dancing as if their lives depended on it. The love of death, no? Necrophilia? But death herself, Death personified.

Four months in the hospital never changed his outlook. It wasn't about dying, not anymore. It was about knocking on her door, shaking her hand and undoing her blouse, staying the night, maybe. And coming back, no matter how torn, bruised, fragmented, back to civilization to live another day. So it was then that Lamaza started the wanton search, not to replicate any near-death experience. No, the Moment. Only that would do.

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

65 in a 40 zone, and he would be high on datura while doing so. This time, he really could meet Death. Look her in the face. Maybe stay more than a night this time.

Outside his window, Lamaza looked longingly at the blue sedan, the only vessel to his long-lost love.The cluster of metal that had indented itself along the shores of the rough and untamed Pacific had begun to grow roots deep into the patch of moist soil and jagged rock that it had found.

Men and women in various kinds of suits were seen over the next few weeks on that desolate stretch of Oregon coast. First they came in blues and in badges, in suits and in ties the days that followed. As those veins permeated into the Earth, the trees nearby became turgid and deformed, the squirrel carcasses that occasionally dropped from above covered in a vitreous liquid which prompted a terrifying rate of decomposition.

The containment area grew in size each night, as fragments of the spires that emanated from the cluster began to protrude back to the surface, miles from that initial indent. Tents were set up, government instruments and teams at the ready. They found spires poking out from the thick undergrowth, all over. A team went in to survey a newly appeared root, and returned with a containment box filled with a skin sack. The owner of whom, presumably a vagrant camping out in the dense woods, blissfully ignorant of the creeping danger, had been eaten from the inside, shards having torn his viscera into a thick paste that filled his skin like the cream of an eclair.

Really, as the ramifications began to present themselves, the government managed to extract a small portion of the progenitor, which decided to permeate through the containment device and transform itself into a fine dust, which stuck to the skins of even those wearing the most infallible of hazmat suits. Scientists who attempted to dissect a solid piece of the spire were left with unseemly and disturbingly large bruises which seemed to move under skin as would liquid within a bag.

The mood in the camps surrounding the increasingly dangerous and volatile cluster was of a resigned anger, and it certainly wasn't by coincidence that the fights that began to break out were often initiated by the men and women that bore remnants of those bruises, as they became increasingly worse. They stopped sending people away, instead keeping them in the increasingly paranoid and cluttered camps by virtue of their own fear.

Miles away, the owners of the few beach-houses overlooking the ocean in the vicinity were blissfully ignorant of the two-week nightmare. It was day fifteen, however, in which the people received even the slightest inkling that something was wrong. *A police investigation,* some thought. *An ecological study*, others had been informed. They hadn't the slightest clue of the bruises that leaped from person to person, the slow molecular madness of each lick of a root.

The progenitor, continually evolving and sending out the unholy roots that purged the living creatures who had the misfortune of crossing them, halted like a broken clock. There was a deathly silence that day, along the desolate section of the Oregon coast. A deathly silence where whispers could scarcely be concealed, and the waves seemed to know. The cluster, which had ceased moving, began to shift rapidly, spitting out globules of black liquid, and an eye slowly opened as the metal broke down into biological mass. A human arm there, a squirrel tail there, a fish eye. Followed by the most horrific scream. A threnody of pure biological lament, was let out into the air, and even the waves seemed to stop for it.

A wail that sent a chill up every spine, a spider down every ear. A wail that sent the collective people on that coast stumbling for a letter opener, a knife, a spindle, just something they could mutilate their ears with.A little tale about Syon of Marrascaud.

One day, when the fields were frosty and the air biting, a messenger traveled on horseback along the lone highway. He was to deliver a ruby sigil intended for the Baron Eduard, commissioned for his wife Lucretia. The driver worked for one of the finest sigil-crafters in the country, and though his journey was long he was promised high pay and accommodation by the Baron and his beloved.

Anyways, the sigil was kept in an ornate jewelry box, enclosed within his knapsack. It was purely happenstance that the messenger, as night fell, decided to board at the Gilded Goblet Inn, a favorite and frequent haunt of Syon of Marrascaud.

One thing to know about Marrascaud- when nightfall came, the children slept fitfully. The young men and women returned home with little complaint, because few could deny that there were phantoms roaming the pathless plains. Phantoms that halted the men on their journeys, phantoms that cast travelers into deep pits, phantoms that desecrated and destroyed. People knew what each mutilated horse carcass boded. There were whispers and rumors in the taverns, of these highway robbers, these cowled bandits. 

The messenger made three mistakes, three vital mistakes. His first was merely chance, he stayed at the Gilded Goblet, a tavern and inn owned by a man named Fiolo. Fiolo's nephew Syon was formidable by all accounts- he tended to get his way and he tended to come upon strange and foreign trinkets quite easily. The police had immense difficulties tracking down so-called highway bandits, as they slipped into the night like bats in a cave. Some were of a rare breed. They were called bandits, yet they were something more, something crueler. They stole jewelry, they stole horses, they stole weapons. Yet they also stole lives, and Syon was no exception. He was of this rare breed.

After docking his horse in the inn stable, the messenger had dinner. No alcohol, for he had a job to do, but even this did not avert his second mistake. He began to talk, to the locals, about the magnificent sigil he was to deliver, about his employer, about his pay from the Baron Eduard. A tavern can be, for many, a place to seek out information from both the willing and the inebriated. A slip of tongue, a lapse in judgement, a deadly faux pas. Syon of Marrascaud was watching, listening, and talk of the ruby sigil had caught his attention. It was easy, it was simple. He was a mere messenger, not an armed warrior. He could be used, abused, discarded and desecrated. A patch of shrubbery, an overgrown glade, where the stench of rotting flesh could waft into open air. Or perhaps a young maiden would happen across the body, and scream her head off while jolting back in the direction she came from.

Syon's interest had been piqued.

The messenger had the sense to keep the knapsack on his person, rather than keeping it attached to the horse's body in the manure-filled stable. He returned to his room after the evening, had a sound sleep even in the rickety and possibly flea-infested bed, and awoke bright and early the next day. His last.

Out into the chilly air he went, his knapsack in hand. He unbuckled the horse, with help from the owner's nephew, Syon. He was soon back on his way, travelling the lone highway.

Some knew shortcuts, inner roads to cut across. Phantoms played devilish tricks on erstwhile prey. Phantoms often traveled in packs. They waited for the messenger's inevitable arrival after cutting ahead using an obscure and poorly-traveled path. Syon of Marrascaud, and his phantoms. They waited, until the sound of hooves beating dry and compacted mud was a clear melody.

They stopped him, and knocked him off his horse, an unforeseen attack. The horse was shot almost immediately, several times. Here the messenger made his third and last mistake. He begged for mercy. With the messenger Syon wished to take his time, to savor the moment, and the messenger's pleas only invigorated his sick desire. While the horse bled out, the sounds of death and fear overtaking the scene,they took the knapsack, stripped him of his clothes, and dragged him off of the dirt highway and deep into the nearby brush. They did awful things, with their knives and their wires. They listened to his screams for what seemed like an eternity, and when he screamed louder Syon only loved it more. At last, the messenger begged.

For death.

Syon was happy to oblige, and he grasped the pistol in one hand and shot the messenger through the eyes.

He gingerly opened the blood-stained knapsack while his men dragged the messenger's corpse further into the thick shrubs, and caressed the ruby sigil with his finger. 

A life and a fancy trinket was well worth the effort.A long time ago, while a gentle snow fell, I took a walk.

A nearby riverside park, the winter chill making me shiver slightly despite the jacket I had on. A blanket of snow covered the ground, the flakes landing on my arms. It was quiet, very quiet.

I walked aimlessly, my thoughts were my own. I walked aimlessly, my body was my own.

The only sound was a gentle trickle of water. The river had not fully frozen over yet. Very faintly, like the whisper in a crowd, I could also hear my footsteps as they indented the layer of powdery snow.

After a while, there was a brook which broke off from the ice-laden river. I followed it, past low-hanging branches.

I followed it, and I found God.

He stood by the bubbling stream, and I felt his aura calling me. I felt a spirit under the thick purple cowl that I had never felt, and I knew at that moment what He was, what I was.

I walked with purpose, my body was His. I walked with intention, my thoughts were His.

I was His.

And so ends my memory, my recollection. I awoke in a place where no one was, where no one shall be. And I reached my tired arms out to try to return to the snow-covered riverside, to the gently bubbling brook. My body did return to the world that was, that world that would be.

My mind did not.I was once the most beautiful creature in the universe.

There was no one more graceful than I, not even the most exquisite of gods. For they were paltry meals to such a being as I. With every one god I slayed, my power grew stronger, as did my undying beauty. This lasted for eons, as god upon god was slaughtered at my hands. I wielded a carefully crafted scythe, adorned with a mauve gem, crafted by the very beings I killed like lambs. Ironic, hmm?

But all good things must come to pass, or so the saying goes. For one day, I intruded upon a realm known Bashara, and there found a group of gods who served as a tasty meal to satiate my intense hunger. Upon completing my absorption, I found a small lake, high in the mountains of Bashara, where I looked at myself, and saw how beautiful I had become. My face was unblemished, radiant, my hair falling gently to the side. My lips were a beautiful crimson, proportioned perfectly. My cheeks were supple, with a slight blush. My body was perfect, angular and muscular, yet possessed an angelic innocence, courtesy of my many hors d' oeuvres. As I looked in the lake, I felt an exhaustion that I had not experienced since the very ritual that caused me to Fall. That was when I realized that I had depleted my resources. Gods were no more, not until the Mahakala Bodhisattva began the world anew. I had filled up my quota far before the end of the Kalpa.

For days I wandered the realms, growing hungrier, and hungrier. Many decades must have passed, while I was stuck in this hungering purgatory. I found realm upon realm with only mortals, who could not satiate me, could not preserve my everlasting beauty. So slowly I withered, into a mere shell of what I used to be, an empty husk. I was reduced to a beggar, an urchin cast out onto the streets. Until I found Blazzego, in which everything changed.

In Blazzego I learned of an everlasting war, one that would not end until the Kalpa reset. And thus I decided this would be where I stayed, as I knew my Divine Orders would not permit me to start a war, but I could still feed off of the immense bloodshed. It was far from the indulgence of divine beings, but it was the next best thing. Sadly, my beauty would not regain until that blessed Kalpa ended. But it would have to do, it would have to do.

So I fought, like a mortal. I had my powers, even as the empty vessel I was, and thus had massive odds of survival. I fought for decades, as a soldier named Lihan Vedkuno, my title, my name. After 240 long years had passed, I saw something that I never thought Inwould see, not until the Kalpa ended.

Gods, five of them. They had holed themselves up in a mountain, and had submerged themselves in an Ink Pool to make sure they were hidden from me. They were wrong, they were foolish, it was futile. I would absorb them with ease, slowly gaining back some of that everlasting beauty. Slowly, slowly. I knew it would last me, I knew.

But then I heard the bells ring.

The Kalpa was over.

And I had failed.Y’all are fools. I’m the one, the one, the one, the one...

Please.

I find none, look to the Raven’s Nest.

There is no such thing as “meta” only false lies and cocoons of deceit.

I lie, you lie, they lie.

How come they say no but everyone says yes and it’s just a constant barrage of false words, false, false, false. Empty, empty, empty, empty empty empty empty empty

I feel

No.

What controls you is not love nor paltry admiration but fear. Let fear be your harbinger, your lantern-keeper in the dark catacombs of life.

Rose/Three/Hallow/New/Salutations above.

233985+20 know this now“Him!”

Melody pointed to the man, through the glass, with a slight frown on her face. I turned to her, and her mother brushed her hair softly.

“Melody, are you absolutely sure? You remember this man when you were playing with Keshia?”

She nodded, up and down her head bobbed.

“He’s said he was a nice man. Keshia went with him. He said he could make her look like a princess! He told us that Keshia was the most beautiful young lady he had ever seen.”

The mother pressed her palm over her forehead.

“I’ve told her time and time again. I swear, all about stranger danger, all about touching, everything. I’m not a bad mother, I swear. And now, my Keshia’s gone. Because of me and some fucking creep in a sedan.”

She began to cry softly, and I led her out of the room gently, Melody tagging along with a placid look on her face.

“Miss Forester, let me tell you that you can’t blame yourself. Keshia’s just a little kid, she would have forgotten even the best advice in the moment. Now, all you gotta do is stay with us, for Melody’s sake.”

She wiped at her eyes with her sleeves, her sockets already red and slightly swollen.good morning!

&#x200B;

do you think that i'm some crazy bastard? i recently read that you were put in charge of covering my memos. but when you talked about me you made me sound like some disorganized socio. did they find a single fucking fingerprint at the DeWitt house? or on that Spender bitch? i think not. i am many things, but everything is under my control, i am not some fucking disorganized loser, so get that image out of your head.

&#x200B;

second, i'd like to say that all this counter-culture bullshit has to end. it has to end right now or i'll keep slicing and dicing (if you will). fear is the best way to get people to change, the best way. so tell your moron friends to cut the bullshit, or more people will die and the blood will be on your hands, and the blood will stain each and every road in this city. in the mean while, keep the focus on me, and do your job and be realistic. every time i see you slacking i swear i'll cut up another and i'll make sure it's a personal gift to you. perhaps the next time i take a house call i'll be seeing you with all the bastards in blue. thank you for being such a sweetheart!

&#x200B;

yours cordially,

&#x200B;

"crowncowled"My next piece is up on r/nosleep. It’s one that I’ve already posted on here, but I made some minute modifications. 

Feel free to check it out!

https://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/drddqt/i_found_something_between_floor_7_and_floor_8/Selina ran as fast as her heeled feet could take her, cursing at them as she stepped off-kilter.

Three gentlemen at the club, three slightly inebriated, aggravated, hungry animals outside. They walked at a distance, but she could sense that they had her figure in their minds. She just had to make it to the next streetlight, she thought in her mind. She could always scream, just in case their intentions were as impure as she thought they were.

Glancing back, she reasoned over whether she was being irrationally harsh. *Maybe it’s just a few guys*, she thought,  *just a couple of irrationally pissed guys with bruised egos*. Maybe she shouldn’t have turned him down back there. Maybe then he wouldn’t have sicced his friends on her. She heard the approaching sounds of sirens and continued to fastwalk, the slate-grey sidewalk moving faster in her eyes as her heartbeat too increased.

A flurry of multicolored lights shone on the pavement, a siren’s shrill threnody coming to halt just as the police cruiser also stopped. Selina paused, taking a moment to lean against the nearby stone wall as the officer rolled down his window.

“You okay, miss? The look on your face tells me you’re running from something.”

“I’ll be fine, just catching my breath.”, she exclaimed loudly, while beckoning behind her.

The officer craned his neck, and spotted the men, who had congregated and were beginning to turn back.

“Miss, you want to file a complaint? At the very least I can give you a lift, these streets ain’t safe at this time.”

Selina looked back, the men were still hanging around, to her surprise. One of them brought a hand across his neck, opening his mouth in mock anguish. She turned back to the officer.

“I would appreciate that, officer. My car’s in a parking garage just a little away, but--” she gestured once again towards the men watching from a bit aways.

“Sure thing miss. Please, hop in.”

Selina reached for the handle, and slid in, pulling it fast behind her. The car began to move, the siren off this time.

“So, where you from?”

Selina looked up, realizing the officer was talking to her.

“Oh, I’m not from San Antonio. I’m a Seattle girl myself.”

“Ah, left coast. This’ll be a change.”

The car zoomed by the parking lot, as Selina’s skin enveloped into gooseflesh.

&#x200B;

“Officer, that was the turn. Just make a u-turn here.”

“Sweetheart, we ain’t making no u-turn.”

&#x200B;

Her heart began to pound once more.

“Let me out right here.”

&#x200B;

“Take it easy, we’re going to a special somewhere.”

He slid his hand over the police radio and disconnected it with a single swift movement.

&#x200B;

“Fucking let me get out, this isn’t legal!”

He smiled at her, reaching for a pistol with his free hand as she tried at the doors with hers.

&#x200B;

“I am the law, sweetpea. I am the fucking law. This ain’t legal? Who the fuck is gonna stop me?”

&#x200B;

The siren didn’t sound as the car moved down the deserted boulevard, to a destination unknown to the unwilling passenger.